long ago , when the goddess nǚ-wa was repairing the sky , she melted down a great quantity of rock and , on the incredible crags of the great fable mountains , moulded the amalgam into thirty-six thousand , five hundred and one large building blocks , each measuring seventy-two feet by a hundred and forty-four feet square .
she used thirty-six thousand five hundred of these blocks in the course of her building operations , leaving a single odd block unused , which lay , all on its own , at the foot of greensickness peak in the aforementioned mountains . now this block of stone , having undergone the melting and moulding of a goddess , possessed magic powers .
one day , in the midst of its lamentings , it saw a monk and a taoist approaching from a great distance , each of them re¬markable for certain eccentricities of manner and appearance .
when they arrived at the foot of greensickness peak , they sat down on the ground and began to talk .
the monk , catching sight of a lustrous , translucent stone—it was in fact the rejected building block which had now shrunk itself to the size of a fan-pendant and looked very attractive in its new shape—took it up on the palm of his hand and addressed it with a smile :
i shall have to cut a few words on you so that anyone seeing you will know at once that you are something special . after that i shall take you to a certain brilliant successful poetical cultivated aristocratic elegant delectable luxurious opulent locality on a little trip .
the stone was delighted .
where is this place you will take me to ? i beg to be enlightened . do not ask , replied the monk with a laugh .
you will know soon enough when the time comes .
and with that he slipped the stone into his sleeve and set off at a great pace with the taoist . but where they both went to i have no idea .
countless aeons went by and a certain taoist called vanitas in quest of the secret of immortality chanced to be passing below that same greensickness peak in the incredible crags of the great fable mountains when he caught sight of a large stone standing there , on which the characters of a long in¬scription were clearly discernible . vanitas read the inscription through from beginning to end and learned that this was a once lifeless stone block which had been found unworthy to repair the sky , but which had magi¬cally transformed its shape and been taken down by the buddhist mahasattva impervioso and the taoist illuminate mysterioso into the world of mortals , where it had lived out the life of a man before finally attaining nirvana and re¬turning to the other shore .
found unfit to repair the azure sky long years a foolish mortal man was i. my life in both worlds on this stone is writ :
from his reading of the inscription vanitas realized that this was a stone of some consequence . accordingly he addressed himself to it in the following manner : brother stone , according to what you yourself seem to imply in these verses , this story of yours contains matter of sufficient interest to merit publication and has been carved here with that end in view .
all i can find in it , in fact , are a number of females , conspicuous , if at all , only for their passion or folly or for some trifling talent or insignificant virtue . even if i were to copy all this out , i can not see that it would make a very remarkable book .
all the romances ever written have an artificial period setting—han or tang for the most part . in refusing to make use of that stale old convention and telling my story of the stone exactly as it occurred , it seems to me that , far from depriving it of anything , i have given it a freshness these other books do not have .
the trouble with this last kind of romance is that it only gets written in the first place because the author requires a framework in which to show off his love-poems .
wat makes these romances even more detestable is the stilted , bombastic language— inanities dressed in pompous rhetoric , remote alike from nature and common sense and teeming with the grossest absurdities . surely my number of females , whom i spent half a lifetime studying with my own eyes and ears , are preferable to this kind of stuff ? i do not claim that they are better people than the ones who appear in books written before my time ; i am only saying that the contemplation of their actions and motives may prove a more effective antidote to boredom and melancholy .
i have not dared to add the tiniest bit of touching-up , for fear of losing the true picture . my only wish is that men in the world below may some¬times pick up this tale when they are recovering from sleep or drunkenness , or when they wish to escape from business worries or a fit of the dumps , and in doing so find not only mental refreshment but even perhaps , if they will heed its lesson and abandon their vain and frivolous pursuits , some small arrest in the deterioration of their vital forces . what does your reverence say to that ?
he could see that its main theme was love ; that it consisted quite simply of a true record of real events ; and that it was entirely free from any tendency to deprave and corrupt . he therefore copied it all out from beginning to end and took it back with him to look for a publisher .
he therefore changed his name from vanitas to brother amor , or the passionate monk , ( because he had approached truth by way of passion ) , and changed the title of the book from the story of the s tone to the tale of brother amor .
cao xueqin in his nostalgia studio worked on it for ten years , in the course of which he rewrote it no less than five times , dividing it into chapters , composing chapter headings , renaming it the twelve beauties of jinling , and adding an introductory quatrain .
red inkstone restored the original title when he recopied the book and added his second set of annotations to it .
penned with hot and bitter tears :
all men call the author fool ;
none his secret message hears .
the origin of the story of the stone has now been made clear .
this is how the inscription began : long , long ago the world was tilted downwards towards the south-east ; and in that lower-lying south-easterly part of the earth there is a city called soochow ; and in soochow the district around the chang-men gate is reckoned one of the two or three wealthiest and most fashionable quarters in the world of men . outside the chang-men gate is a wide thorough-fare called worldly way ; and somewhere off worldly way is an area called carnal lane .
there is an old temple in the carnal lane area which , because of the way it is bottled up inside a narrow cul-de-sac , is referred to locally as bottle-gourd temple next door to bottle-gourd temple lived a gentleman of private means called zhen shi-yin and his wife feng-shi , a kind , good woman with a profound sense of decency and decorum .
the household was not a particularly wealthy one , but they were nevertheless looked up to by all and sundry as the leading family in the neighbourhood . zhen shi-yin himself was by nature a quiet and totality unambitious person . he devoted his time to his garden and to the pleasures of wine and poetry .
the flaw was that , although already past fifty , he had no son , only a little girl , just two years old , whose name was ying-lian .
once , during the tedium of a burning summer 's day , shi-yin was sitting idly in his study . the book had slipped from his nerveless grasp and his head had nodded down onto the desk in a doze .
while in this drowsy state he seemed to drift off to some place he could not identify , where he became aware of a monk and a taoist walking along and talking as they went . where do you intend to take that thing you are carrying ? the taoist was asking .
do n't you worry about him ! replied the monk with a laugh .
there is a batch of lovesick souls awaiting incarnation in the world below whose fate is due to be decided this very day . i intend to take advantage of this opportunity to slip our little friend in amongst them and let him have a taste of human life along with the rest . well , well , so another lot of these amorous wretches is about to enter the vale of tears , said the taoist .
but most of his time he spent west of sunset glow ex¬ploring the banks of the magic river . there , by the rock of rebirth , he found the beautiful crimson pearl flower , for which he conceived such a fancy that he took to watering her every day with sweet dew , thereby conferring on her the gift of life . crimson pearl 's substance was composed of the purest cosmic essences , so she was already half-divine ; and now , thanks to the vitalizing effect of the sweet dew , she was able to shed her vegetable shape and assume the form of a girl .
i have no sweet dew here that i can repay him with , she would say to herself the only way in which i could perhaps repay him would be with the tears shed during the whole of a mortal lifetime if he and i were ever to be reborn as humans in the world below .
because of this strange affair , disenchantment has got together a group of amorous young souls , of which crimson pearl is one , and intends to send them down into the world to take part in the great illusion of human life . and as to¬day happens to be the day on which this stone is fated to go into the world too , i am taking him with me to disenchant¬ment 's tribunal for the purpose of getting him registered and sent down to earth with the rest of these romantic creatures .
'how very amusing 1 ' said the taoist . ' i have certainly never heard of a debt of teats before .
'heavenly mysteries must not , of course , be revealed . but might one perhaps inquire what the absurd creature is that you were talking about ?
'give her to me !
give her to me !
shi-yin was beginning to lose patience and clasping his little girl tightly to him , turned an his heel and was about to re-enter the house when tine monk printed his finger at him roared with laughter and then proceeded to intone the following verse : 'fond man , your pampered child to cherish so—
he was thinking or asking the monk what lay behind these puzzling words when he heard the taoist say , 'we do n't need to stay tether .
three kalpas from now i shall wait far you on bei-mang hill . having joined forces again there . we can go together to the land of illusion to sign off .
' 1 really ought to hive asked him what he meant , but now it is too late . he was still standing outside his door brooding when jia yu-cun , the poor student who lodged at thebottle-gourd temple next door , came up to him . yu-cun was a native of hu-zhou and came from a family of scholars and bureaucrats which had , however , fallen on bad times when yu-cun was born .
and the members of the family bad themselves gradually died off until only yu-cun was left there were no prospect for him in his home town , so he had set off for the capital , in search of fame and fortune . unfor¬tunately he had got no further than soochow when his funds ran out , and he had now been living there in poverty for a year , lodging in this temple and keeping himself alive by working as a copyist .
your coming is most opportune , dear boy . i was beginning to feel most dreadfully bored . wo n't you come into my little den , and we can help each other to while away this tedious hot day ?
so saying , he called for a servant to take the child indoors , while he himself took yu-cun by the hand and led him into his study , where his boy served them both with tea .
but they had not exchanged half-a-dozen words before one of the servants rushed in to say that 'mr yan had come to pay a call .
if you do n't mind sitting on your own here for a moment , i shall be with you directly . yu-cun rose to his feet too . 'please do not distress yourself on my account , sir .
left to himself , yu-cun was flicking through some of shi¬-yin 's books of poetry in order to pass the time , when he heard a woman 's cough outside the window . immediately he jumped up and peered out to see who it was . the cough appeared to have come from a maid who was picking flowers in the garden .
she was an unusually goodooking girl with a rather refined face : not a great beauty , by any means , but with something striking about her . yu-cun gazed at her spellbound . having now finished picking her flowers , this anonymous member of the zhen household was about to go in again when , on some sudden impulse , she raised her head and caught sight of a man standing in the window .
his hat was frayed and his clothing threadbare ; yet , though obviously poor , he had a fine , manly physique and handsome , well-proportioned features . the maid hastened to remove herself from this male presence ; but as she went she thought to herself , 'what a fine-looking man ! but so shabby !
the family has n't got any friends or relations as poor as that . it must be that jia yu-cun the master is always on about . no wonder he says that he wo n't stay poor long .
and thinking these thoughts she could not forbear to turn back for another peep or two .
it was obviously out of the question to wait much longer , so he slipped down the passage-way at the side of the house and let himself out by the back gate . nor did shi-yin invite him round again when , having at last seen off his visitor , he learned that yu-cun had already left .
but then the mid autumn festival arrived and , after the family cdnvivialities were over , shi-yin had a little dinner for two laid out in his study and went in person to invite yu-cun , walking to his temple lodgings in the moonlight .
ever since the day the zhens ' maid had , by looking back twice over her shoulder , convinced him that she was a friend , yu-cun had had the girl very much on his mind , and now that it was festival time , the full moon of mid autumn lent an inspiration to his romantic impulses which finally resulted in the following octet :
dare i , that grasp at shadows in the wind , hope , underneath the moon , a friend to find ? bright orb , if with my plight you sympathize ,
the jade pin in the drawer hides , waiting its time to fly .
i was merely reciting at random from the lines of some old poet .
people call it the festival of reunion .
the sounds of music and singing which could now be heard from every house in the neighbourhood and the full moon which shone with cold brilliance overhead seemed to increase their elation , so that the cups were emptied almost as soon as they touched their lips , and yu-cun , who was already a sheet or so in the wind , was seized with an irrepressible excitement to which he presently gave expression in the form of a quatrain , ostensibly on the subject of the moon ) but really about the ambition he had hitherto been at some pains to conceal :
and , saying this , he poured yu-cun a large cup of wine . yu-cun drained the cup , then , surprisingly , sighed :
'why ever did n't you say this before ?
' i have long wanted to do something about this , but on all the occasions i have met you previously , the con¬versation has never got round to this subject , and i have n't liked to broach it for fear of offending you . well , now we know where we are . i am not a very clever man , but at least i know the right thing to do when i see it .
luckily , the next triennial is only a few months ahead .
you must go to the capital without delay . a spring examination triumph will make you feel that all your studying has been worth while . i shall take care of all your expenses .
and there and then he instructed his boy to go with all speed and make up a parcel of fifty tales of the best refined silver and two suits of winter clothes . 'the almanac gives the nineteenth as a good day for travel¬ling , he went on , addressing yu-cun again . 'you can set about hiring a boat for the journey straight away .
how de¬lightful it will be to meet again next winter when you have distinguished yourself by soaring to the top over all the other candidates !
after seeing yu-cun off , shi-yin went to bed and slept without a break until the sun was high in the sky next morn¬ing . when he awoke , his mind was still running on the con¬versation of the previous night . he thought he would write a couple of introductory letters for yu-cun to take with him to the capital , and arrange for him to call on the family of an official be was acquainted with who might be able to put him up ; but when he sent a servant to invite him over , the servant brought back word from the temple as follows :
'the monk says that mr jia set out for the capital at five o'clock this morning , sir . he says he left a message to pass on to you .
he said to tell you , a scholar should not concern himself with almanacs , but should act as the situation de¬mands , and he said there was n't time to say good-bye .
in no time at all it was fifteenth night , and shi-yin sent little ying-lian out , in the charge of one of the servants called calamity , to see the mummers and the coloured lanterns .
frantically he searched for her throughout the rest of the night ; but when day dawned and he had still not found her , he took to his heels not dating to face his master and mistress , and made off for another part of the country . shi-yin and his wife knew that something must be wrong when their little girl failed to return home all night . then a search was made ; but all those sent out were obliged in the end to report that no trace of her could be found .
the shock of so sudden a loss to a middle-aged couple who had only ever had the one daughter can be imagined . in tears every day and most of the night , they almost lost the will to go on living , and after about a month like this first shi-yin and then his wife fell ill , so that doctors and diviners were in daily attendance on them .
then , on the fifteenth of the third month , while frying cakes for an offering , the monk of bottle-gourd temple carelessly allowed the oil to catch alight , which set fire to the paper window .
and , since the houses in this area all had wooden walls and bamboo fences—though also , doubtless , because they were doomed to destruction anyway-the fire leaped from house to house until the whole street was blazing away like a regular fiery mountain ; and though the firemen came to put it out , by the time they arrived the fire was well under way and long past controlling , and roared away all night long until it had burnt itself out , rendering heaven knows how many families homeless in the process .
the anxieties and injustices which now beset him , coming on top of the shocks he had suffered a year or two previously , left a man of his years with little resistance to the joint onslaught of poverty and ill-health , and gradually he began to betray the unmistakable symptoms of a decline .
not knowing that he , too , goes home—to die ! the sheltered and well-educated lad , in spite of all your care , may turn out bad ;
one day the elder of the two maids was purchasing some silks at the door when she heard the criers clearing the street and all the people began to tell each other that the new man¬darin had arrived .
she hid in the doorway and watched the guards and runners marching past two by two .
but when the mandarin in his black hat and scarlet robe of office was borne past in his great chair , she stared for some time as though puzzled . 'where have i seen that mandarin before ? 'his face looks extraordinarily familiar .
but presently she went into the house again and gave the matter no further thought . that night , just as they were getting ready for bed , there was suddenly a great commotion at the door and a confused hubbub of voices shouting that someone was wanted at the yamen for questioning , which so terrified feng su that he was momentarily struck dumb and could only stare .
and leng zi-xing discourses on the jias of rong-guo house
my son-in-law ’ s name is zhen , but he left home to become a taoist more than a year ago .
could he be the one you want ?
feng or zhen , it ’ s all the same to us , said the runners ; but if you ’ re his father-in-law you ’ d better come along with us to see the magistrate . and they hustled him off , leaving the entire household in a state of panic , quite at a loss to know what the trouble could be .
it seems that the new mandarin is a hu-zhou man called jia . he used to be an acquaintance of shi-yin ’ s in the old days .
he guessed that shi-yin must have moved to these parts when he saw our lucky in the doorway buying silks . that ’ s why he sent the runners here .
i explained what had happened to shi-yin , and he seemed very upset .
then he asked me about ying-lian , and i said she was lost while out watching the lanterns . never mind , he said , wait till i send some people out to look for her . we shall have her back in no time .
then we chatted a bit longer , and lust as i was going , he gave me two taels of silver .
but the rest of that night we pass over in silence .
early next day a messenger arrived from yu-cun bearing two packets of silver and four bolts of silk brocade for mrs zhen as a token of the sender ’ s gratitude .
there was also a confidential letter for feng su commissioning him to ask mrs zhen for lucky ’ s hand as yu-cun ’ s second wife .
en¬raptured at the prospect of doing a good turn for a mandarin , feng su hastened to urge upon his daughter the importance of complying with this request , and that very night lucky was bundled into a small covered chair and carried off to the yamen . yu-cun ’ s delight goes without saying . another hundred taels of silver were despatched to feng su , together with a number of good things for mrs zhen , to cheer and sustain her until such time as her daughter ’ s whereabouts could be discovered .
she could scarcely have foreseen at the time what singular good fortune that one glance would procure for her . but she was destined to be doubly fortunate . she had not been with yu-cun more than a year when she gave birth to a son ; and a mere six months later yu-cun ’ s first wife died , whereupon lucky was promoted to fill her place and became her lady ship .
sometimes by chance
when yu-cun received the gift of money from zhen shi-yin he had left for the capital on the day after the festival . he had done well in the triennial examination , passing out as a palace graduate , and had been selected for external service . and now he had been promoted to the magistracy of this district .
but although his intelligence and ability were outstanding , these qualities were unfortunately offset by a certain cupidity and harshness and a tendency to use his intelligence in order to outwit his superiors ; all of which caused his fellow-officials to cast envious glances in his direction , with the result that in less than a year an unfavourable report was sent in by a senior official stating that his seeming ability was no more than a mask for cunning and duplicity ’ and citing one or two instances in which he had aided and abetted the peculations of his underlings or allied himself with powerful local interests in order to frustrate the course of justice . the imperial eye , lighting on this report , kindled with wrath .
the officials at the prefecture , when notice that he was to be cashiered arrived from the ministry , rejoiced to a man .
indeed , he joked and smiled as before , and when the business of handing over was completed , he took his wife and family and the loot he had accumulated during his years of office and having settled them all safely in his native hu-zhou , set off , free as the air , on an extended tour of some of the more celebrated places of scenic interest in our mighty empire . one day yu~un chanced to be staying in the yangchow area when he heard that the salt commissioner for that year was a certain lin ru-hai . this lin ru-hai had passed out florilege , or third in the whole list of successful candidates , in a previous triennial , and had lately been promoted to the censorate .
the original patent had been inheritable only up to the third generation , and it was only through the magnanimity of the reigning sovereign that an exceptional act of grace had extended it for a further generation in the case of lin ru-hai ’ s father .
already he was fifty , and his only son had died the year before at the age of three .
and although he kept several concubines , he seemed fated to have no son , and had all but resigned himself to this melancholy fact . his chief wife , who had been a miss jia , had given him a daughter called dai-yu .
both parents doted on her , and because she showed exceptional intelligence , conceived the idea of giving her a rudimentary education as a substitute for bringing up a son , hoping in this way somewhat to alleviate the sense of desolation left by the death of their only heir .
now jia yu-cun had had the misfortune to catch a severe chill while staying in his lodgings at yangchow , and after his recovery , found himself somewhat short of cash . he was therefore already looking around for some more permanent haven where he could rest and recuperate , when he chanced to run into two old friends who were acquainted with the new salt commissioner and who , knowing that the latter was looking for a suitable tutor for his daughter , took yu-cun along to the yamen and introduced him , with the result that he was given the job .
yu-cun ’ s little pupil helped with the nursing throughout her mother ’ s last illness and mourned for her bitterly after her death . the extra strain this placed on her always delicate constitution brought on a severe attack of a recurrent sickness , and for a long time she was unable to pursue her lessons .
he had scarcely set foot inside the door of the village inn when one of the men drinking at separate tables inside rose up and advanced to meet him with a broad smile .
fancy meeting you !
it was an antique dealer called leng zi-xing whom yu-cum had got to know some years previously when he was staying in the capital .
i really had no idea you were in these parts .
what an extraordinary coincidence !
i went home at the end of last year to spend new year with the family , said zi-xing . on my way back to the capital i thought i would stop off and have a few words with a friend of mine who lives hereabouts , and he very kindly invited me to spend a few days with him . i hadn ’ t got any urgent business waiting for me , so i thought i might as well stay on a bit and leave at the middle of the month .
i came out here on my own because my friend has an engagement today .
i certainly didn ’ t expect to run into you here .
zi-xing conducted yu-cun to his table as he spoke and ordered more wine and some fresh dishes to be brought .
presently yu-cun asked zi-xing if anything of interest had happened recently in the capital . i can ’ t think of anything particularly deserving of mention , said zi-xing . except , perhaps , for a very small but very unusual event that took place in your own clan there .
yu-cun asked him what family he could be referring to . i fancy you wouldn ’ t disown the jias of the rong-guo mansion as unworthy of you .
since the time of jia fu of the eastern han dynasty there have been branches of the jia clan in every province of the empire .
the rong-guo branch is , as a matter of fact , on the same clan register as my own ; but since they are exalted so far above us socially , we don ’ t normally claim the connection , and nowa¬days we are completely out of touch with them .
nowadays both the rong and ning mansions are in a greatly reduced state compared with what they used to be .
but it ’ s a long story .
last time i was in jinling , went on yu-cun , i passed by their two houses one day on my way to shi-tou-cheng to visit the ruins .
the ning-guo mansion along the eastern half of the road and the rong-guo mansion along the western half must between them have occupied the greater part of the north side frontage of that street .
it ’ s true that there wasn ’ t much activity outside the main entrances , but looking up over the outer walls i had a glimpse of the most magnificent and imposing halls and pavilions , and even the rocks and trees of the gardens beyond seemed to have a sleekness and luxuriance that were certainly not suggestive of a family whose fortunes were in a state of decline . for a palace graduate second class , you ought to know better than that !
haven ’ t you ever heard the old saying , the beast with a hundred legs is a long time dying ? although i say they are not as prosperous as they used to be in years past , of course i don ’ t mean to say that there is not still a world of difference between their circumstances and those you would expect to find in the household of your average government official .
the males in the family get more degenerate from one generation to the next . surely , said yu-cun with surprise , it is inconceivable that such highly cultured households should not give their children the best education possible ? i say nothing of other families , but the jias of the ning and rong households used to be famous for the way in which they brought up their sons .
the duke of ning-guo and the duke of rong-guo were two brothers by the same mother .
ning-guo was the elder of the two .
when he died , his eldest son , jia dai-hua , inherited his post .
the elder , jia fu , died at the age of eight or nine , leaving only the second son , jia jing , to inherit . nowadays jia jing ’ s only interest in life is taoism .
when the old duke of rong-guo died , his eldest son , jia dai-shan , inherited his emoluments . he married a girl from a very old nanking family , the daughter of marquis shi , who bore him two sons , jia she and jia zheng . dal-shan has been dead this many a year , but the old lady is still alive .
he was his grand¬father ’ s favourite .
he was already a licensed scholar at the age of fourteen . then he married and had a son . but he died of an illness before he was twenty .
now tell me if you don ’ t think that is an extraordinary thing . it certainly is , yu-cun agreed . i should not be at all surprised to find that there was something very unusual in the heredity of that child .
the generative processes operating in the universe provide the great majority of mankind with natures in which good and evil are commingled in more or less equal proportions . in¬stances of exceptional goodness and exceptional badness are produced by the operation of beneficent or noxious ethereal influences , of which the former are symptomatized by the equilibrium of society and the latter by its disequilib¬rium .
dong zhong-shu , zhou dun-yi , the cheng brothers ,
perhaps you know who i mean ?
there is an old family con¬nection between the zhen family and the jias of whom we have just been speaking , and they are still on very close terms with each other . i ’ ve done business with them myself for longer than i ’ d care to mention . last year when i was in nanking , said yu-cun , smiling at the recollection , i was recommended for the post of tutor in their household .
but when i came to teach my pupil , though he was only at the first year primary stage , he gave me more trouble than an examination candidate .
he once said , i must have two girls to do my lessons with me if i am to remember the words and understand the sense . otherwise my mind will simply not work . and he would often tell the little pages who waited on him , the word girl ’ is very precious and very pure .
so it is most extremely important that you should never , never violate it with your coarse mouths and stinking breath . whenever you need to say it , you should first rinse your mouths out with clean water and scented tea .
and if ever i catch you slipping up , i shall have holes drilled through your teeth and lace them up together . there was simply no end to his violence and unruliness . yet as soon as his lessons were over and he went inside to visit the girls of the family , he became a completely different person—all gentleness and calm , and as intelligent and well-bred as you please .
whenever the pain became too much for him he would start yelling girls !
why do you always call to us when you are hurt ? i suppose you think we shall come and plead for you to be let off .
but you should have heard his answer .
he said , once when the pain was very bad , i thought that perhaps if i shouted the word girls ’ it might help to ease it . well , he said , i just called out once , and the pain really was quite a bit better . so now that i have found this secret remedy , i just keep on shouting girls !
but because his grandmother doted on him so much , she was always taking the child ’ s part against me and his father .
a boy like that will never be able to keep up the family traditions or listen to the advice of his teachers and friends .
the pity of it is , though , that the girls in that family are all exceptionally good . the three at present in the jia household are also very fine girls , said zi-xing . sir jia zheng ’ s eldest girl , yuan¬chun , was chosen for her exceptional virtue and cleverness to be a lady secretary in the imperial palace .
she is the daughter of sir jia she by one of his secondary wives . after her comes another daughter of sir zheng ’ s , also a concubine ’ s child , called tan-chun .
the youngest , xi-chun , is sister-german to mr jia zhen of the ning-guo mansion .
old lady jia is very fond of her granddaughters and keeps them all in her own apartments on the rong-guo side . they all study together , and i have been told that they are doing very well . one of the things i liked about the zhen family , said yu-cun , was their custom of giving the girls the same sort of names as the boys , unlike the majority of families who invariably use fancy words like chun , hong , xiang , yu , and so forth .
the eldest girl was called yuan-chun because she was in fact born on the first day of spring . the others were given names with chun in them to match hers . but if you go back a generation , you will find that among the jias too the girls had names exactly like the boys ’ .
your present employer ’ s good lady is sister-german to sir she and sir zheng of the rong house¬hold .
her name , before she married , was jia mm .
if you don ’ t believe me , you make a few inquiries when you get home and you ’ ll find it is so .
yu-cun clapped his hands with a laugh .
i have often wondered why it is that my pupil dai-yu always pronounces mm as mi when she is reading and , if she has to write it , always makes the character with one or two strokes missing .
now i understand . no wonder her speech and behaviour are so unlike those of ordinary children ! i always supposed that there must have been something remarkable about the mother for her to have produced so remarkable a daughter .
now i know that she was related to the jias of the rong household , i am not surprised . by the way , i am sorry to say that last month the mother passed away . zi-xing sighed .
she was the youngest of the three . and the generation before them are all gone , every one .
we shall have to see what sort of husbands they manage to find for the younger generation !
just now you mentioned that sir zheng had this boy with the jade in his mouth and you also mentioned a little grandson left behind by his elder son .
since sir zheng had the boy with the jade , he has had another son by a concubine , said zi-xing , but i couldn ’ t tell you what he ’ s like .
so at present he has two sons and one grandson .
yes , he has a son too , called jia lian .
he married his own kin , the niece of his uncle zheng ’ s wife , lady wang .
he knows his way around , though , and has a great gift of the gab , so at present he stays at home with his uncle zheng and helps him manage the family ’ s affairs . however , ever since he married this young lady i mentioned , every¬one high and low has joined in praising her , and he has been put into the shade rather . she is not only a very handsome young woman , she also has a very ready tongue and a very good head - more than a match for most men , i can tell you .
all these people you and i have been talking about are probably examples of that mixture of good and evil humours i was describing to you .
instead of sitting here setting other people ’ s accounts to rights , let ’ s have another drink ! i am afraid i have drunk quite a lot while we were busy talking , said yu-cun .
there ’ s nothing like a good gossip about other people ’ s affairs for making the wine go down ! i ’ m sure an extra cup or two won ’ t do us any harm .
yu-cun glanced out of the window .
it ’ s getting late .
why not continue the conversation on our way back ?
the two men accordingly rose from their seats , settled the bill for the wine , and were just about to start on their way , when a voice from behind called out , yu-cun , congratulations !
yu-cun turned to look .
but if you wish to know who it was , you will have to read the next chapter .
lin ru-hai recommends a private tutor
to his brother-in-law
and old lady jia extends a compassionate welcome
when yu-cun turned to look , he was surprised to see that it was zhang ru-gui , a former colleague who had been cashiered at the same time and for the same reason as himself . zhang ru-gui was a native of these parts , and had been living at home since his dismissal . having just wormed out the information that a motion put forward in the capital for the reinstatement of ex-officials had been approved , he had been dashing about ever since , pulling strings and soliciting help from potential backers , and was engaged in this activity when he unexpectedly ran into yu-cun .
hence the tone of his greeting . as soon as they had finished bowing to each other , zhang ru-gui told yu-cun the good news ) and after further hurried conversation they went their separate ways .
leng zi-xing , who had overheard the news , proposed a plan . why should not yu-cun ask his employer lin ru-hai to write to his brother-in-law jia zheng in the capital and enlist his support on his , yu-cun ’ s , behalf ?
back in his quarters , yu-cun quickly hunted out a copy of the gazette , and having satisfied himself that the news was authentic , broached the matter next day with lin ru-hai .
since my poor wife passed on , my mother-in-law in the capital has been worried about the little girl having no one to look after her , and has already sent some of her folk here by barge to fetch her away .
and as i have still done nothing to repay you for your kindness in tutoring her for me , you may be sure that now this opportunity has presented itself i shall do my very best to help you .
i have written this letter here entrusting my brother-inaw with your affair , explaining my indebtedness to you and urging him to see it properly settled . i have also made it quite clear in my letter that any expenses which may be involved are to be taken care of ; so you have nothing to worry about on that account .
he then ventured a question . i am afraid i do not know what your relation ’ s position is at the capital .
they are grandsons of the former duke of rong-guo . the elder one , jia she , is an hereditary official of the first rank and an honorary colonel ; the younger one , jia zheng , is an under secretary in the ministry of works .
he takes very much after his late grandfather : a modest , generous man , quite without the arrogance of the pampered aristocrat .
i have fixed the second day of next month for my little girl ’ s journey to the capital , said ru-hai .
if you cared to travel with her , it would be convenient for both of us .
ru-hai for his part set about preparing presents for his wife ’ s family and parting gifts for yu-cun , all of which yu-cun in due course took charge of . at first his little pupil could not be persuaded to part from her father ; but her grandmother was insistent that she should go , and ru-hai added his own reasons .
i ’ m half a century old now , my dear , and i have no inten¬tion of taking a second wife ; so there will be no one here to act as a mother to you . it isn ’ t , either , as if you had sisters who could help to take care of you . you know how often you are poorly .
after this dai-yu could only take a tearful leave of her father and go down to the boat with her nurse and the old women from the rong mansion who had been sent to fetch her . there was a separate boat for yu-cun and a couple of servant-boys to wait on him , and he too now embarked in the capacity of dai-yu ’ s escort .
in due course they arrived in the capital , and yu-cun , dressed in his best and with the two servant-boys at his heels , betook himself to the gate of the rong mansion and handed in his visiting-card , on which he had been careful to prefix the word kinsman ’ to his own name . by this time jia zheng had already seen his brother-inaw ’ s letter , and accorded him an interview without delay .
yu-cun ’ s imposing looks and cultivated speech made an excellent impression on jia zheng , who was in any case always well-disposed towards scholars , and preserved much of his grandfather ’ s affability with men of letters and readiness to help them in any sort of trouble or distress . and since his own in¬clinations were in this case reinforced by his brother-in-law ’ s strong recommendation , the treatment he extended to yu-cun was exceptionally favourable .
he exerted himself on his behalf to such good effect that on the very day his petition was presented yu-cun ’ s reinstatement was approved , and before two months were out he was appointed to the magistracy of ying-tian-fu in nanking . thither , having chosen a suitable day on which to commence his journey , and having first taken his leave of jia zheng , he now repaired to take up his duties .
but of him , for the time being , no more .
rong-guo house
ignoring the central gate , her bearers went in by the western entrance and after traversing the distance of a bow-shot inside , half turned a corner and set the chair down .
passing round the screen and through a small reception hall beyond it , they entered the large courtyard of the man¬sion ’ s principal apartments .
these were housed in an imposing five-frame building resplendent with carved and painted beams and rafters which faced them across the courtyard . running along either side of the courtyard were galleries hung with cages containing a variety of different-coloured parrots , cockatoos , white-eyes , and other birds . some gaily-dressed maids were sitting on the steps of the main building opposite .
presently three girls arrived , attended by three nurses and five or six maids . the first girl was of medium height and slightly plumpish , with cheeks as white and firm as a fresh lychee and a nose as white and shiny as soap made from the whitest goose-fat .
to look at her was to love her . the second girl was rather tall , with sloping shoulders and a slender waist . she had an oval face under whose well-formed brows large , expressive eyes shot out glances that sparkled with animation .
the third girl was undersized and her looks were still some¬what babyish and unformed . all three were dressed in identical skirts and dresses and wore identical sets of bracelets and hair ornaments . dai-yu rose to meet them and exchanged curtseys and intro¬ductions .
well , that ’ s handy , said grandmother jia . i take the pills myself . we can easily tell them to make up a few more each time .
her dress had a fitted bodice and was made of dark red silk damask with a pattern of flowers and butterflies in raised gold thread .
her under-skirt was of a turquoise-coloured imported silk crêpe embroidered with flowers .
he was wearing a narrow-sleeved , full-skirted robe of dark red material with a pattern of flowers and butterflies in two shades of gold .
over the upper part of his robe he wore a jacket of slate-blue japanese silk damask with a raised pattern of eight large medallions on the front and with tasselled borders .
on his feet he had halfength dress boots of black satin with thick white soles .
as to his person , he had : a face like the moon of mid-autumn , a complexion like flowers at dawn ,
a hairline straight as a knife-cut ,
eyebrows that might have been painted by an artist ’ s brush , a shapely nose , and eyes clear as limpid pools , that even in anger seemed to smile ,
around his neck he wore a golden torque in the likeness of a dragon and a woven cord of coloured silks to which the famous jade was attached .
dai-yu looked at him with astonishment .
how very strange !
it was as though she had seen him somewhere before , he was so extraordinarily familiar .
bao-yu went straight past her and saluted his grandmother , who told him to come after he had seen his mother , whereupon he turned round and walked straight out again .
she could now see that his side hair was dressed in a number of small braids plaited with red silk , which were drawn round to join the long hair at the back in a single large queue of glistening jet black , fastened at intervals from the nape downwards with four enormous pearls and ending in a jewelled gold clasp .
he wore the gold torque and his jade as before , and she observed that the collection of objects round his neck had been further augmented by a padlock-shaped amulet and a lucky charm .
a pair of ivy-coloured embroidered silk trousers were partially visible beneath his gown , thrust into black and white socks trimmed with brocade .
the cheeks might have been brushed with powder and the lips touched with rouge , so bright was their natural colour . his glance was soulful ,
a world of charm upon that brow was heaped ; a world of feeling from those dark eyes peeped . in short , his outward appearance was very fine .
a perceptive poet has supplied two sets of verses , to be sung to the tune of moon on west river , which contain a more accurate appraisal of our hero than the foregoing descriptions .
though outwardly a handsome sausage-skin ,
a harum-scarum , to all duty blind , a doltish mule , to study disinclined ; his acts outlandish and his nature queer ;
nor , poor , bear hardship with a smiling face .
for uselessness the world ’ s prize he might bear ; his gracelessness in history has no peer .
fancy changing your clothes before you have welcomed the visitor ! grandmother jia chided indulgently on seeing bao-yu back again .
aren ’ t you going to pay your respects to your cousin ?
bao-yu had already caught sight of a slender , delicate girl whom he surmised to be his aunt lin ’ s daughter and quickly went over to greet her . then , returning to his place and taking a seat , he studied her attentively . how different she seemed from the other girls he knew !
her mist-wreathed brows at first seemed to frown , yet were not frowning ; her passionate eyes at first seemed to smile , yet were not merry . habit had given a melancholy cast to her tender face ;
often the breath came in gentle gasps . in stillness she made one think of a graceful flower reflected in the water ; in motion she called to mind tender willow shoots caressed by the wind .
and suffered a tithe more pain in it than the beautiful xi shi . having completed his survey , bao-yu gave a laugh . i have seen this cousin before .
well , perhaps not , said bao-yu , but her face seems 80 familiar that i have the impression of meeting her again after a long separation .
bao-yu moved over again and , drawing a chair up beside dai-yu , recommenced his scrutiny .
no , said dai-yu .
what ’ s your name ?
what ’ s your school-name ?
i ’ ll give you one , cousin .
in the encyclopedia of men and objects ancient and modern it says that somewhere in the west there is a mineral called dai which can be used instead of eye-black for painting the eye¬brows with .
there are lots of made-up things in books—apart from the four books , of course .
have you got a jade ? the test of the company were puzzled , hut dai-yu at once divined that he was asking her if she too had a jade like the one he was born with .
that jade of yours is a very rare object . you can ’ t expect everybody to have one . this sent bao-yu off instantly into one of his mad fits .
what ’ s so lucky about a stone that can ’ t even tell which people are better than others ?
i don ’ t want it ! the maids all seemed terrified and rushed forward to pick it up , while grandmother jia clung to bao-yu in alarm .
shout at someone or strike them if you like when you are in a nasty temper , but why go smashing that precious thing that your very life depends on ?
and now this new cousin comes here who is as beautiful as an angel and she hasn ’ t got one either ; so i know it can ’ t be any good .
grandmother jia , after a moment ’ s reflection , gave her consent . she further gave instructions that dai-yu and bao-yu were each to have one nurse and one maid to sleep with them . the rest of their servants were to do night duty by rota in the adjoining room .
one was her old wet-nurse nannie wang , the other was a little ten-year-old maid called snowgoose .
con¬sidering snowgoose too young and irresponsible and nannie wang too old and decrepit to be of much real service , grand¬mother jia gave dai-yu one of her own maids , a body-servant of the second grade called nightingale .
she also gave orders that dai-yu and bao-yu were to be attended in other respects exactly like the three girls : that is to say , apart from the one wet-nurse , each was to have four other nurses to act as chaper¬ones , two maids as body-servants to attend to their washing , dressing , and so forth , and four or five maids for dusting and cleaning , running errands and general duties .
these arrangements completed , nannie wang and night¬ingale accompanied dai-yu to bed inside the tent-like summer¬-bed , while bao-yu ’ s wet-nurse nannie li and his chief maid aroma settled him down for the night in a big bed on the other side of the canopy . like nightingale , aroma had previously been one of grand¬mother jia ’ s own maids .
discovering that pearl ’ s surname was hua , which means flowers ’ , and having recently come across the line the flowers ’ aroma breathes of hotter days in a book of poems , he told his grandmother that he wanted to call his new maid aroma ’ , so aroma ’ her name thence¬forth became .
that night , when bao-yu and nannie li were already asleep , aroma could hear that dai-yu and nightingale on their side of the canopy had still not settled down , so , when she had finished taking down her hair and making herself ready for bed , she tiptoed through the muslin curtains and in a friendly way inquired what was the matter .
dai-yu invited her to sit down , and when she had seated herself on the edge of the bed , nightingale proceeded to tell her what was troubling her new mistress . miss lin is all upset .
if you allow yourself to feel hurt every time he carries on like that , he will always be hurting you . try not to be so sensitive ; miss ! dai-yu thanked her and promised to bear in mind what she had said , and after talking a little longer , they all settled down and went to sleep .
their uncle wang zi-teng had been informed of it , and had sent these messengers to the members of the family in the rong mansion to suggest that they should invite xue pan to the capital .
but the outcome of this discussion will be dealt with in the following chapter .
the bottle-gourd girl meets an unfortunate young man
when dai-yu and the girls went to call on lady wang , they found her in the midst of discussing family affairs with the messengers from her elder brother and his wife and heard talk of their aunt ’ s family in nanking being involved in a case of manslaughter .
since lady wang was obviously preoccupied with this matter , the girls went off to call on li wan .
he left her a son called jia lan who was now ’ just five years old and had already begun his schooling . like most of the jia women , li wan was the daughter of a dis¬tinguished nanking official . her father , li shou-zhong , had been a director of education .
up to li shou-zhong ’ s time , all members of the clan , in¬cluding the women , had been given a first-class education ; but when li shou-zhong became head of the family , he founded his educational policy for girls on the good old maxim a stupid woman is a virtuous one ’ and , when he had a daughter of his own , refused to let her engage in serious study . she was permitted to work her way through the four books for girls and lives of noble women , so that she might be able to recog¬nize a few characters and be familiar with some of the models of female virtue of former ages ; but overriding importance was to be attached to spinning and sewing , and even her name wan ’ , which means a kind of silk , was intended to symbolize her dedication to the needle . thanks to her upbringing , this young widow living in the midst of luxury and self-indulgence was able to keep herself like the withered tree and dead ashes ’ of the philosopher , shutting out everything that did not concern her and attending only to the duties of serving her husband ’ s parents and bringing up her child .
whatever leisure this left her was devoted to her little sister-in-law and cousins , accompanying them at their embroidery or hearing them recite their lessons . with such gentle companions to console her , dai-yu , though a stranger and far from home , soon had nothing apart from her old father that she need worry about .
no sooner had he arrived at his new post than a case in¬volving manslaughter was referred to his tribunal . it con¬cerned two parties in dispute over the purchase of a slave-girl . neither had been willing to give way to the other , and in the ensuing affray one of the parties had been wounded and had subsequently died .
after reading the papers in the case , yu-cun summoned the plaintiff for questioning and received from him the following account of what had happened :
the murdered man was my master , your honour .
although he did not realize it at the time , the girl he purchased had been kidnapped by the man who was selling her . my master paid him in advance , and arranged to receive the girl into his house three days from the date of purchase , the third day being a lucky day .
he set a crowd of his henchmen on to my young master and beat him up so badly that he died . xue and his henchmen have now disappeared without trace , leaving only a few retainers who were not involved in the crime .
i beseech your honour to arrest the criminals and to uphold the course of justice i both the living and the dead will be everlastingly grateful to you if you do !
and he took up a warrant and was on the point of sending his runners to seize the murderer ’ s dependants and bring them to court so that they might be put to the torture , when he observed one of the ushers signalling to him with his eyes not to issue the warrant . his resolution somewhat shaken , he put it down again and adjourned to his private chambers , dismissing everyone except the usher , whom he ordered to remain behind in attendance . when they were alone together the usher , with a broad smile on his face , came forward and touched his hand and knee to the ground in the manchu salute .
your honour has gone a long way up in the world during these past eight or nine years ! i don ’ t expect you would remember me ! your face is certainly familiar , said yu-cun , but for the moment i simply can ’ t place it .
has your honour forgotten the place you started from ? do you remember nothing of the old times in bottle-gourd temple ? with a start of recognition , yu-cun remembered .
finding himself homeless after the fire , and bethinking him¬self that a post in a yamen was a fine , gentlemanly way of earn¬ing a living , and being furthermore heartily sick of the rigours of monastic life , the little novice had taken advantage of his youth to grow his hair again and get himself a post as an usher .
small wonder that yu-cun had failed to recognize him !
ah , so it was an old acquaintance ! said yu-cun , grasping him warmly by the hand and urging him to sit down for a chat . but the usher would not be seated .
come , said yu-cun , as a friend of my early , hard-up days you are entitled to . after all , this is a private room . the usher permitted himself to perch one of his haunches sideways on the edge of a chair .
tell me , said yu-cun , why did you stop me issuing that warrant just now ? your honour is new to this post . surely you must have provided yourself before you left with a copy of the mandarin ’ s life-preserver for this province ?
there is one for every province . they list those families which are so powerful that if you were ever to run up against one of them unknowingly , not only your job , but perhaps even your life might be in danger . that ’ s why they are called life-preservers .
why do you suppose this case has remained unsettled for so long ? it ’ s a straightforward enough case .
while he was speaking he had been fishing for a copy of the mandarin ’ s lift-preserver in his pocket . this he now presented 10 yu-cun for his inspection . it contained a set of doggerel verses in which were listed the big families and most powerful magnates of the area in which he was working .
the nanking shi . the king of the ocean when he ’ s short of gold beds ,
not only can he count on the support of the other three nanking families , he also has any number of family friends and connections of his own both at the capital and in the provinces .
now who are you going to arrest ?
that ’ s all very well , said yu-cun with an uneasy laugh , but how am i going to settle this case ? incidentally , i assume you know perfectly well where the criminal is hiding ?
i wouldn ’ t deceive your honour , replied the usher with a grin , not only do i know where the criminal has gone but i also know who the kidnapper is and all about the poor devil who was killed .
the man who was killed was a poor country squire ’ s son called feng yuan . his father and mother were both dead and he had no brothers . he lived off the income of a very small estate .
he was a confirmed queer and not interested in girls . which shows that the whole business must have been fated , because no sooner did he set eyes on this girl than he at once fell in love with her—swore he would never have anything more to do with boys and never have any other woman but her . that was the idea of this waiting three days before she came to him .
what he couldn ’ t foresee , of course , was that the kid¬napper would use this interval to resell her on the sly to xue , hoping to pocket the money from both parties and then do a flit . only he didn ’ t get away with it . the two parties nabbed him before he could disappear and beat the daylights out of him .
both refused to take back their money , and both insisted that they wanted the girl .
it was at this point that our young friend xue called for his roughs to get to work on peng yuan . they beat him till he was hardly recognizable .
he died three days later .
now long before any of this happened , young xue had made arrangements for a journey to the capital . so after killing feng and carrying off the girl , he set off with his family , calm as you please , on the appointed day . there was no question of his running away because of the killing .
in his eyes a trifling matter like taking another man ’ s life was something for his junior clansmen or the servants to clear up in his absence .
who do you think the slave-girl is ? how in the world should i know ?
she is your great benefactress - yingian , the little daughter of mr zhen , who used to jive next door to bottle-gourd temple . said yu-cun in astonishment .
i had heard that she was kidnapped at the age of five .
this type of kidnapper specializes in kidnapping very young girls and rearing them until they are twelve or thirteen for sale in other parts of the country . when she was little we used to play with yingian at the temple nearly every day , so i knew her very well ; and when i saw her again , even though it was after an interval of seven or eight years , i could tell it was her .
by a strange coincidence the kidnapper had rented one of my rooms , and one day when he was out i put it to her who she was . but she said she was scared of being beaten and nothing would induce her to talk . she just kept insisting that the kidnapper was her real father , selling her because he had no money to pay his debts with .
but there ’ s no doubt in my mind .
it ’ s her , all right .
the day young feng met her and paid out the money for her , the kidnapper got drunk , and she opened up to me a bit .
she said , today i think my tribulations are at last coming to an end . but then later , when she heard that she wasn ’ t to be installed until after another three days , she began to lok worried and despondent again . i felt truly sorry for her , and sent the wife round to have a talk with her while the kidnapper was out and give her a bit of encouragement .
the wife said to her , mr feng ’ s insistence on waiting three days before taking you in shows that he doesn ’ t intend to treat you like a servant .
besides , she said , he ’ s a very nice , handsome gentleman , and quite comfortably off . normally he doesn ’ t like the fair sex , yet here he is spending everything he has on your purchase .
you only have to be patient for another day or two , she said .
now if it had been anyone else , it wouldn ’ t have mattered so much , but this young xue , whose nickname is the oaf king , is the world ’ s most bad-tempered bully ; and having spent money like water on buying the girl only to find that she wasn ’ t willing , he knocked her about until she was half un-conscious and dragged her off with him more dead than alive .
otherwise , how is one to account for feng yuan ’ s sudden affection for that particular girl ? and ying-lian , after all those years of ill-treatment at the hands of her kidnapper , suddenly seeing a road to freedom opening in front of her - for she was a girl of feeling , and there is no doubt that they would have made a fine couple if they had succeeded in coming together—and then for this to have happened ! and even though xue may be far wealthier and better-placed than feng was , a man like that is sure to have numbers of concubines and paramours and to be licentious and de¬bauched in his habits - quite incapable of concentrating all his affections on one girl as feng yuan would have done .
let us rather consider how this case is to be settled ! your honour used to be decisive enough in the old days , said the usher with a smile .
now , i was told that your promotion to this post was due to the combined influence of the jias and the wangs ; and this xue pan is related to the jias by marriage .
why not trim your sails to the wind in your handling of this case ? why not make a virtue of necessity by doing them a favour which will stand you in good stead next time you see them ? what you say is , of course , entirely correct , said yu-cun .
but there is , after all , a human life involved in this case ; and you have to remember that i have only just been restored to office by an act of imperial clemency . i really can not bring myself to pervert justice for private ends at the very mo¬ment when i ought to be doing my utmost to show my gratitude .
what your honour says is no doubt very right and proper , but it won ’ t wash. not the way things are in the world today ! haven ’ t you heard the old say¬ing the man of spirit shapes his actions to the passing moment ? and there ’ s another old saying : it is the mark of a gentleman to avoid what is inauspicious .
if i were you , i should think very carefully before you do any¬thing .
yu-cun lowered his head in thought . after a very long pause he asked , what do you think i ought to do ?
send out writs , issue warrants for arrest , and so forth . you won ’ t , of course , be able to arrest the cul¬prits , and the plaintiffs will certainly not allow the matter to rest there ; so what you do then is to arrest some of xue ’ s clans¬men and servants for questioning .
you have an altar set up in the court and a planchette board installed on it and you issue an open invita¬tion to any members of the public who want to to attend a séance . then you say , the spirit control gives judgment as follows :
the dead man , feng yuan , owed a debt of karma to xue pan from a former life and meeting his enemy in a narrow way ’ , paid for it with his life . the sudden , unexplained illness which struck down xue pan was caused by the vengeful ghost of feng yuan come to claim its own . since the tragedy was entirely due to the behaviour of the kidnapper , the kidnapper should be dealt with according to the full rigour of the law ; but apart from him , all other parties are exonerated ... and so on and so forth .
then you award the fengs compensation to cover funeral expenses and so on . and since die xues are rolling in money , you can say anything you like . five hundred , a thousand—it doesn ’ t matter .
what about that for a plan , your honour ? you just think it over !
at next day ’ s session a group of well-known associates of the wanted man were brought in and subjected by yu-cun to careful questioning . it emerged , as the usher had said , that the fengs were few in number and had brought this action solely in the hope of gaining some compensation , and that it was only because the xues had , with the arrogance of the very rich and very powerful , refused to pay a penny , that the case had been brought to a standstill .
by a judicious bending of the law to suit the circumstances , yu-cun managed to arrive at some sort of judgment whereby the plaintiffs received substantial compensation and went off tolerably well satisfied . he then hurriedly drafted and sent off two letters , one to jia zheng and one to wang zi-teng , commandant , metropolitan barracks , in which he merely stated that their nephew ’ s affair had been settled and there was no further cause for concern ’ .
let us turn instead to young xue , the man who purchased yingian and had feng yuan beaten to death .
he was a native of nanking and came of a refined and highly cultivated family , but having lost his father in infancy and been , as sole remaining scion of the stock , exces¬sively indulged by a doting widowed mother , he had grown up into a useless lout . the family was immensely wealthy . as one of the official court purveyors they received money from the privy purse with which to make purchases for the imperial household .
he had been educated after a fashion , but could barely read and write . he devoted the greater part of his time to cock-fighting , horse-racing , and outings to places of scenic interest . though an imperial purveyor , he was wholly innocent of business skill and savoir-faire ; and though , for his father ’ s and grand¬father ’ s sake , he was allowed to register at the ministry and receive regular payments of grain and money , everything else was looked after for him by the clerks and factors of the family business .
xue pan ’ s widowed mother was a younger half-sister of wang zi-teng , at that time commandant of the metropolitan barracks , and younger sister of lady wang , the wife of jia zheng of the rong mansion .
she was now around fifty and had only the one son . besides xue pan she had a daughter two years his junior called bao-chai , a girl of flawless looks and great natural refinement .
while her father was still alive she had been his favourite and had been taught to read and write and construe - all of which she did ten times better than her oafish brother ; but when he died and her brother proved in-capable of offering their mother any comfort , she laid aside her books and devoted herself to needlework and housewifely duties in order to take some of the burden off her mother ’ s shoulders .
the well-known interest always shown by our present sovereign in literature and the arts , and the widespread re¬cruitment of talent that this has stimulated , had recently , at the time of which we speak , led to an unprecedented act of imperial grace whereby daughters of hereditary officials and distinguished families , apart from the possibility of being recruited to the imperial seraglio by the customary pro¬cedures , were permitted to have their names sent in to the ministry for selection as study-companions , with the rank and title of maid of honour or lady-in-waiting , of the imperial princesses and the daughters of princes of the blood . this circumstance , coupled with the fact that , since the death of his father , the managers , clerks , and factors of the family business in its various agencies throughout the pro¬vinces had profited from xue pan ’ s youth and ignorance of affairs to feather their own nests at the firm ’ s expense , and even the family ’ s enterprises in the capital , of which there were several , had shown a gradual falling-off , provided xue pan , who had long heard of the rich pleasures of the metropolis and was agog to taste them , with excuses for realizing his cherished ambition , viz : 1.they must go to the capital because he had to present his sister to the ministry for selection .
( needless to say , the sole substantial reason for going to the capital , xue pan ’ s desire to see the sights , was unexpressed . )
accordingly , their baggage had long been packed and souvenirs of nanking for their friends and relations in the capital long been selected and a date for their departure long been decided on , when xue pan encountered the kidnapper and ying-lian and , as ying-lian was an uncommonly attractive slave-girl , resolved to purchase her and make her his concu¬bine .
of the journey our story gives no record , except to say that on the last day , when they were about to enter the capital , they heard news that xue pan ’ s uncle wang zi-teng had just been promoted c.-in-c. northern provinces with instructions to leave the capital on a tour of frontier inspection . the news secretly delighted xue pan .
we ve got several houses in the capital , but it ’ s all of ten years since anyone has been to stay in them , so you can bet that the housekeepers will have let all the rooms out on the sly .
why ever should we go to any such trouble ?
would be much more sensible to stay with one of them first ? there will be plenty of time to send our people to get a place of our own ready after we are there .
what sort of stupid idiots shall we look like if we come scooting along with all our bag and baggage just at the very moment when he wants to leave ? suppose your uncle wang has been promoted to another place , said his mother . there is still your uncle jia .
now that we are here , even though uncle wang is busy getting ready to go , auntie jia will probably be only too glad to have us .
but i know perfectly well what ’ s in your mind .
you think that if we are staying with your uncle or aunt you will be too restricted , and that if we were living in our own place you would be freer to do just as you liked . very well then .
why don ’ t you go off and choose a house for yourself to live in and let me and your sister go to auntie ’ s without you ? i haven ’ t seen her or the girls for years and years , and i intend to spend a few days with them now we are here .
experience taught xue pan that his mother was in an obstinate mood and not to be shaken from her purpose , so he resignedly gave orders to the porters to make straight for the rong mansion . lady wang had just breathed a sigh of relief on learning that the affair of xue pan ’ s manslaughter charge had been retrieved through the good offices of jia yu-cun , when the news that her elder brother had been promoted to a frontier post plunged her once more in gloom at the prospect of losing her main source of contact with the members of her own family .
several days passed in despondency , and then suddenly the servants announced that her sister , bringing her son and daughter and all her household with her , had arrived in the capital and was at that very moment outside the gate dismount¬ing from her carriage .
delightedly she hurried with her women to the entrance of the main reception hall and conducted aunt xue and her party inside . the sudden reunion of the two sisters was , it goes with¬out saying , an affecting one in which joy and sorrow mingled . after an exchange of information about the years of separa¬tion , and after they had been taken to see grandmother jia and made their reverence to her , and after the gifts of nanking produce had been presented and everyone had been introduced to everyone else , there was a family party to welcome the new arrivals .
xue pan , meanwhile , had paid his respects to jia zheng and jia lian and been taken to see jia she and cousin zhen .
jia zheng now sent a servant round to lady wang with the follow¬ing message :
your sister is getting on in years and our nephew is very young and seems rather inexperienced and , i fear , quite capable of getting into a scrape again if they are going to live outside . pear tree court in the north-east corner of our property is lying completely unoccupied at the moment and has quite a sizeable amount of room in it .
why not invite your sister and her children to move in there ? lady wang had wanted all along to ask her sister to stay .
and aunt xue for her own part had been wanting to stay so that some sort of check could be kept on her son . she was sure that if they were to be on their own somewhere else in the city his unbridled nature would precipitate some fresh calamity . she therefore accepted the in¬vitation with alacrity , privately adding the proviso that she could only contemplate a long stay if it was on the under-standing that they were themselves to be responsible for all their expenses .
lady wang knew that money was no problem to them , so she readily consented , and aunt xue and her children proceeded there and then to move into pear tree court . this pear tree court had been the duke of rong-guo ’ s retreat during the last years of his life . its buildings totalled not much more than ten frames ; but though small and charm¬ing , it was complete in every respect , with a little reception room in the front and all the usual rooms and offices behind .
it had its own outer door on to the street , through which xue pan and the menservants could come and go , and another gate in the south-west corner giving on to a passage-way which led into the courtyard east of lady wang ’ s compound .
through this passage-way aunt xue would now daily repair , either after dinner or in the evening , to gossip with grandmother jia or reminisce with her sister , lady wang . bao-chai for her part spent her time each day in great con¬tentment , reading or playing go or sewing with dai-yu and the three girls .
he had not wanted to stay in the jia household , fearing that his uncle ’ s control would prevent him from enjoying himself , but what with his mother ’ s obstinacy and the insistence of the jias themselves , he was obliged to acquiesce in settling there for the time being , contenting himself with sending some of his people to clean up one of their houses outside so that he would be able to move there later on .
but , to his pleasant surprise , he discovered that the young males of the jia establishment , half of whom he was already on familiar terms with before he had been there a month , were of the same idle , extravagant persuasion as himself and thought him a capital fellow and boon companion . and so he found himself meeting them for a drinking-party one day , for theatre-going the next , on a third day perhaps gambling with them or visiting brothels . for there were no limits to the depravity of their pleasures , and xue pan , who was bad enough to start with , soon became ten times worse under their expert guidance .
and in any case the nominal head of the family was not jia zheng but cousin zhen who , as eldest grandson of the senior , ning-guo branch , had inherited the founder ’ s office and emoluments and was therefore officially in charge of all the clan ’ s affairs .
besides , jia zheng was kept busy with public and private business of his own and , being by nature a quiet , retiring man who attached little importance to mundane affairs , tended to use whatever leisure time he had for reading and playing go .
then again , the pear tree court was two courtyards away from jia zheng ’ s compound and had its own private door onto the street by which xue pan could come and go as he pleased , so that he and his young cronies could enjoy themselves to their heart ’ s content with no one being any the wiser .
under these agreeable circumstances xue pan gradually abandoned all thought of moving out .
but as to the outcome of these capers : that will be told in a later chapter .
and the fairy disenchantment performs the
the winter plum in the gardens of the ning mansion was now at its best , and this particular day cousin zhen ’ s wife , you-shi , had some wine taken into the gardens and came over in person , bringing her son jia rong and his young wife with her , to invite grandmother jia , lady xing and lady wang to a flower-viewing party .
grandmother jia and the rest went round as soon as they had finished their breakfast . the party was in the all-scents garden . it began with tea and continued with wine , and as it was a family gathering confined to the ladies of the ning and rong households , nothing particularly worth recording took place .
grandmother jia ordered some of the servants to go back to the house with him and get him comfortably settled , adding that they might return with him later when he was rested ; but qin-shi , the little wife of jia rong , smilingly proposed an alternative . we have got just the room here for uncle bao . leave him to me , grannie dear !
grandmother jia had always had a high opinion of qin-shi ’ s trustworthiness—she was such a charming , delightful little creature , the favourite among her great-granddaughters-in-law—and was quite content to leave the arrangements to her . qin-shi conducted bao-yu and his little knot of attendants to an inner room in the main building .
true learning implies a clear insight into human activities . genuine culture involves the skilful manipulation of human rela-tionships .
if this is not good enough for you , said qin-shi with a laugh , where are we going to put you ?
a little smile played over bao-yu ’ s face and he nodded . the nurses were shocked .
an uncle sleep in the bedroom of his nephew ’ s wife !
you know my little brother who came last month : he ’ s the same age as uncle bao , but if you stood them side by side i shouldn ’ t be a bit surprised if he wasn ’ t the taller of the two . why haven ’ t i seen your brother yet ?
bring him in and let me have a look at him !
bring him in ? why , he ’ s ten or twenty miles away ! but i expect you ’ ll meet him one of these days .
as bao-yu entered , a subtle whiff of the most delicious perfume assailed his nostrils , making a sweet stickiness inside his drooping eyelids and causing all the joints in his body to dissolve . what a lovely smell !
inside the room there was a painting by tang yin entitled spring slumber ’ depicting a beautiful woman asleep under a crab-apple tree , whose buds had not yet opened . the painting was flanked on either side by a pair of calligraphic scrolls inscribed with a couplet from the brush of the song poet qin guan :
the coldness of spring has imprisoned the soft buds in a wintry dream ; ( on the other side ) the fragrance of wine has intoxicated the beholder with imagined flower-scents .
and on the platter was that very quince which the villainous an lu-shan threw at beauti¬ful yang gui-fei , bruising her plump white breast . at the far end of the room stood the priceless bed on which princess shou-yang was sleeping out of doors under the eaves of the han-zhang palace when the plum-flower lighted on her fore¬head and set a new fashion for coloured patches . over it hung a canopy commissioned by princess tong-chang entirely fashioned out of ropes of pearls .
and she unfolded a quilted coverlet , whose silk had been laundered by the fabulous xi shi , and arranged the double head-rest that hong-niang once carried for her amorous mistress , the nurses now helped bao-yu into bed and then tiptoed out , leaving him attended only by his four young maids : aroma , skybright , musk , and ripple .
qin-shi told them to go outside and stop the cats from lighting on the eaves .
as soon as bao-yu closed his eyes he sank into a confused sleep in which qin-shi was still there yet at the same time seemed to be drifting along weightlessly in front of him .
he followed her until they came to a place of marble terraces and vermilion balustrades where there were green trees and crystal streams .
if only i could spend all my life here !
these idle reflections were interrupted by someone singing a song on the other side of a hill :
spring ’ s dream-time will like drifting clouds disperse ,
it was the voice of a girl . before its last echoes had died away , a beautiful woman appeared in the quarter from which the voice had come , approaching him with a floating , fluttering motion .
she has left her willow-tree house , from her blossoming bower stepped out ; for the birds betray where she walks through the trees that cluster about , and a shadow athwart the winding walk announces that she is near ,
and a fragrance of musk and orchid from fluttering fairy sleeves ,
at each movement of her dress of lotus leaves . a peach-tree blossoms in her dimpling cheek ; her cloud-coiled tresses are halcyon-sleek ;
and she reveals , through parted cherry lips , teeth like pomegranate pips .
the dance of snowflakes with the waltzing wind ; hair ornaments of pearl and halcyon blue outshine her painted forehead ’ s golden hue .
ice-pure and lade-like in perfection ; i marvel at her glittering dress ,
in plum-trees flowering in the snow ;
in orchids white at first frost-fall ;
with dragons in an ornamental mere ; her dreamy soulfulness most seems like wintry waters in the moon ’ s cold beams .
the beauties of days gone by by her beauty are all abashed . where was she born , and from whence descended ? immortal i judge her , fresh come from fairy feastings by the jasper pool ,
observing delightedly that the lady was a fairy , bao-yu hurried forward and saluted her with a smile . madam fairy , i don ’ t know where you have come from or where you are going to , but as i am quite lost in this place ) will you please take me with you and be my guide ?
i am the fairy disenchantment , the fairy woman repelled . i live beyond the realm of separation , in the sea of sadness . there is a mountain of spring awakening which rises from the midst of that sea , and on that mountain is the paradise of the full-blown flower , and in that paradise is the land of illusion , which is my home .
my meeting you here today is no accident but a part of the same project .
you could have a cup of that . and i have a few jars of choice new wine of my own brewing . i have also been rehearsing a fairy choir and a troupe of fairy dancers in a twelve-part suite which i recently com¬posed called a dream of golden days .
as he followed her , a big stone arch¬way suddenly loomed up in front of them on which the land of illusion
was written in large characters . a couplet in smaller characters was inscribed on either side of the arch : truth becomes fiction when the fiction ’ s true ;
ancient earth and sky marvel that love ’ s passion should outlast all time .
i wonder what the meaning of passion that outlasts all time can be . and what ate love ’ s debts ? from now on i must make an effort to understand these things .
wholly unconscious of his mortal peril , bao-yu continued to follow the fairy woman . they passed through a second gateway , and bao-yu saw a range of palace buildings ahead of them on either hand . the entrance to each building had a board above it proclaiming its name , and there were couplets on either side of the doorways .
department of spring fever department of autumn grief
passing inside , he saw a dozen or more large cupboards with paper strips pasted on their doors on which were written the names of different provinces . he was careful to look out for the one belonging to his own area and presently found one on which the paper strip said jinling , twelve beauties of ; main register ’ . bao-yu asked disenchantment what this meant , and she explained that it was a register of the twelve most out-standing girls of his home province .
people all say what a big place jinling is , said bao-yu . surely there should be more than just twelve names ? why , even in my own home , if you count the servants , there must be altogether several hundred girls .
bao-yu glanced at the other two cupboards referred to by disenchantment . one was labelled jinling , twelve beauties of ; supplementary register no.1 ’ ; the other was labelled jinling , twelve beauties of ; supplementary register no.2 ’ . stretching out his hand he opened the door of the second one , took out supplementary register no.2 , which was like a large album , and opened it at the first page .
seldom the moon shines in a cloudless sky , and days of brightness all too soon pass by .
your charm and wit did only hatred gain , and in the end you were by slanders slain , your gentle lord ’ s solicitude in vain .
it was another picture , this time of a bunch of fresh flowers and a worn-out mat , again followed by a few limes of verse . what price your kindness and compliance , of sweetest flower the rich perfume ?
bao-yu was even more mystified by this than by the first page , and laying the album aside , opened the door of the cupboard marked supplementary register no . i ’ and took out the album from that .
the water in the pool had dried up and the mud in the bottom was dry and cracked . growing from it was a withered and broken lotus plant . the picture was followed by these lines :
your stem grew from a noble lotus toot , yet your life passed , poor flower , in low repute . the day two earths shall bear a single tree ,
lade belt hanging in their branches and on the ground beneath them a pile of snow in which a golden hairpin lay half-buried .
the jade belt in the greenwood hangs , the gold pin is buried beneath the snow .
he would have liked to ask , but he knew that disenchantment would be unwilling to divulge the secrets of her immortal world . yet though he could make no sense of the book , for some reason he found himself unable this time to lay it down , and continued to look through it to the end . the picture that followed was of a bow with a citron hanging from it , followed by what looked like the words of a song :
you shall , when twenty years in life ’ s hard school are done , in pomegranate-time to palace halls ascend . though three springs never could with your first spring compare ,
when hare meets tiger your great dream shall end . next was a picture of two people flying a kite . there was also a large expanse of sea with a boat in it and a girl in the boat who had buried her face in her hands and appeared to be crying .
this was followed by a quatrain : blessed with a shrewd mind and a noble heart , yet born in time of twilight and decay ,
borne by the wind a thousand miles away . the next picture showed some scudding wisps of cloud and a stretch of running water followed by these words :
what shall avail you rank and riches ,
orphaned while yet in swaddling bands you lay ? soon you must mourn your bright sun ’ s early setting .
the xiang flows and the chu clouds sail away . next was a picture showing a beautiful jade which had fallen into the mud , followed by words of judgement :
next was a striking picture of a savage wolf pursuing a beautiful girl .
after this was an old temple with a beautiful girl sitting all on her own inside it reading a buddhist sutra .
when you see through the spring scene ’ s transient state , a nun ’ s black habit shall replace your own . alas , that daughter of so great a house
by buddha ’ s altar lamp should sleep alone ! next was an iceberg with a hen phoenix perched on the top of it , and these words : this phoenix in a bad time came ;
the plum-tree bore her fruit after the rest , yet , when all ’ s done , her orchid was the best . against your ice-pure nature all in vain
and gleaming bright upon his breast the gold insignia shone . an awesome sight
twelfth song : the good things have an end perfumed was the dust that fell from painted beams where springtime ended .
the office jack ’ s career is blighted , the rich man ’ s fortune now all vanished , the kind with life have been requited ,
at once she ordered the remains of the feast to be removed and conducted bao-yu to a dainty bedroom . the furnishings and hangings of the bed were more sumptuous and beautiful than anything he had ever seen . to his intense surprise there was a fairy girl sitting in the middle of it .
in the rich and noble households of your mortal world , too many of those bowers and boudoirs where innocent tenderness and sweet girlish fantasy should reign are injuriously defiled by coarse young voluptuaries and loose , wanton girls .
either you know what it means or you don ’ t . because of this lust of the mind women will find you a kind and understanding friend ; but in the eyes of the world i am afraid it is going to make you seem unpractical and eccentric .
the time is propitious . you may consummate the marriage this very night . my motive in arranging this is to help you grasp the fact that , since even in these immortal precincts love is an illusion , the love of your dust-stained , mortal world must be doubly an illusion .
this is the ford of error , said disenchantment . it is ten thousand fathoms deep and extends hundreds of miles in either direction . no boat can ever cross it ; only a raft manned by a lay-brother called numb and an acolyte called dumb .
she ’ s now the wife of the younger of the two sir jias in the rong mansion . they say that now she ’ s getting on in years she ’ s grown even more charitable and given to good works than she was as a girl .
she ’ s grown up to be a real beauty too , has mrs lian . well , if it ever comes to a slanging match , she can talk down ten grown men any day of the week !
wait till you meet her , and you ’ ll see what i mean . there ’ s only one thing ) though . she ’ s a bit too strict with those beneath her .
presently she caught sight of a sort of boxlike object fastened to one of the central pillars of the room , and a thing like the weight of a steelyard hanging down from it , which swung to and fro in ceaseless motion and appeared to be the source of the noise which had distracted her .
i wonder what that can be , she thought to herself , and what it can be used for ? as she studied the strange box , it suddenly gave forth a loud dong ! like the sound of a bronze bell or a copper chime , which so startled the old lady that her eyes nearly popped out of her head .
xi-feng appeared not to have noticed her , for she neither reached out for the cup nor raised her head , but continued picking ab-sorbedly at her hand-warmer . at last she spoke : why not ask them in , then ?
only to look in on her ladyship and your mistress . just a visit to relations . well all right then , if you are sure you have nothing to say .
but if you have got anything to say , you really ought to tell the mistress . it will be just the same as if you were to say it to her ladyship . zhou rui ’ s wife darted a meaningful look at grannie liu as she said this .
there is no need to tell me .
i don ’ t know what ’ s so special about my family ’ s things . heaven knows , you have enough stuff of your own over there ; yet you have only to set eyes on anything of ours , and you want it for yourselves .
jia rong ’ s smile flashed again .
i ’ ll get some of my own people to carry it . don ’ t put yours to a lot of trouble !
come back again after supper . i ’ ve got company now , and besides , i don ’ t feel in the mood to tell you . yes , aunt , said jia rong , and pursing his lips up in a complacent smile he sauntered slowly out of the room .
there is no need to tell me . i quite understand .
there was no time to think about eating .
she said they don ’ t really belong to the family but were adopted into the clan years ago when your grandfather and theirs were working in the same office . she said they haven ’ t been round much of late years , but in the old days when they used to visit us we never sent them back empty-handed . she said it was nice of them to come and see us today and we should be careful to treat them considerately .
while they were talking , grannie liu came back from the other room having already finished eating , smacking her lips and sucking her teeth appreciatively , and voicing her thanks for the repast . sit down , said xi-feng with a smile .
as we are relations , we ought by rights not to wait for you to come to our door before helping you when you are in trouble ; but there are so many things to attend to in this family , and now that her ladyship is getting on a bit she doesn ’ t always remember them all . and since i took over the management of the household , i find there are quite a lot of relations that i don ’ t even know about . and then again , of course , though we may look thriving enough from the out¬side , people don ’ t realize that being a big establishment like ours carries its own difficulties .
horrified by the crudity of these expressions , zhou rui ’ s wife , who was standing by , was meanwhile signaling fran¬tically to the old lady to stop .
back in zhou rui ’ s quarters the two women sat talking for a while . grannie liu wanted to leave a piece of silver to buy something for the zhou children with , but zhou rui ’ s wife said she wouldn ’ t hear of it and refused absolutely to accept anything .
lady wang , how-ever , was not in her apartment . the maids said that she had gone off to visit aunt xue .
but what is this sickness of yours , miss ? oughtn ’ t you to call in a doctor and get it properly seen to ? it ’ s no joke when a young person of your age lets an illness get its grip on them .
what was this prescription , miss ? if you will tell me , i shall try to remember it so that i can pass it on to others . if i ever met anyone else who had the same sort of illness , i could do them a charity , couldn ’ t i ?
zhou rui ’ s wife exclaimed .
zhou rui ’ s wife asked .
it doesn ’ t really bother me very much .
she hurried back into the outer room to make her report on grannie liu . having finished it , she waited for some comment from lady wang , but finding that none was forth¬coming , was on the point of withdrawing when aunt xue smilingly enjoined her to stay .
the rings of the portiere rattled and the young girl whom zhou rui ’ s wife had seen a few minutes before playing on the steps with golden came into the room . you called , madam ? bring me that box with the flowers in !
zhou rui ’ s wife took up the box and went out into the courtyard , where she came once more upon golden , sunning herself on the steps .
but to all of these questions caltrop only shook her head and said that she didn ’ t remember . zhou rui ’ s wife and golden exchanged glances and sighed sympathetically . bearing her box of flowers , zhou rui ’ s wife presently came to the part of the house behind lady wang ’ s quarters .
thither , accordingly , zhou rui ’ s wife now directed her steps . a number of little maids were sitting under the eaves there waiting to be called , and just as she arrived , ying-chun ’ s maid chess and tan-chun ’ s maid scribe came through the porti~re , each carrying a teacup on a tray , from which she deduced that the two cousins must be inside together .
she asked zhou rui ’ s wife what she had come for , and when zhou rui ’ s wife took the flowers from the box and explained , she laughed :
xi-chun told one of the maids to take the flowers and look after them . when did you arrive ? zhou rui ’ s wife asked sapientia .
asked xi-chun . yu xin , said zhou rui ’ s wife . that explains it .
i think you ’ ll have to wake her , even if she is .
ah , mrs zhou !
she said , catching sight of zhou rul ’ s wife and crossing into the room opposite what brings you back again ? zhou rui ’ s wife hastily rose to her feet and picking up the box , proferred it to patience and explained her mission .
take these to master rong ’ s wife over in the ning mansion and tell her they are for her to wear , she said . then turning to zhou rui ’ s wife she asked her to convey xi-feng ’ s thanks to the donor .
i thought i ’ d go and say hullo to her old ladyship , and now i was just on my way to see her ladyship .
yes , yes , yes . i ’ ll be as quick as i can ! you young people take everything so tragically !
let me see ! he stretched out his arm , took the box from zhou rui ’ s wife , and looked . two artificial flowers , exquisitely fashioned by palace craftsmen out of silk gauze , lay inside it .
say that miss lin and i send our regards to her and her mother , and ask her if her illness is any better and what she ’ s taking for it .
snowpink said that she would go , and she and zhou rui ’ s wife left the room together and went their separate ways .
just see which women are free and send four of them , replied lady wang . you don ’ t have to ask me about things like that i ’ today cousin zhen ’ s wife invited me to spend tomorrow with them at the other house , xi-feng continued .
is there anything tomorrow that needs doing here ? whether there is or not , said lady wang , i don ’ t see that it matters . generally when she brings an invitation it is for all of us , and you are naturally too busy to go .
why not ask him in here so that i can see him too ? oh dear , i don ’ t think that would do at all ! said you-shi .
when the maids and womenfolk in attendance on xi-feng realized that she was about to meet qin zhong and that they had come without the requisite material for a first meeting present , they had sent some of their number back to consult patience in the other house .
please , for my sake , don ’ t mind him if he does anything to offend you ! he may be shy , but he ’ s got quite a nasty temper . he ’ s not really easy to get on with at all .
in the course of dinner , which was now served and at which they were joined by the two boys , it was decided that this should take place in two days ’ time .
whatever did they want to go and ask him for ?
little rong , is it ? don ’ t you come the big master stuff with me , sonny boy !
as they talked , the carriage bore them back into rong-guo house . but what happened there will be told in the chapter which follows . jia bao-yu is allowed to see the strangely
the maids and nurses who attended him had been expecting him to change into his everyday clothes , but seeing him go out of the inner gate again without doing so , followed after him , assuming that he was going back to the other mansion to watch the plays .
they even come to us asking for specimens . you can have some easily enough if you really want to , bao-yu said .
then she proceeded to ask him first about grandmother jia , then about lady wang and then about the girls , while her eye took in the details of his dress .
won ’ t you give me one to try ? now you ’ re being silly again .
catching sight of bao-yu she let out a wail of mock dismay . i have chosen a bad time to come ! the others rose and invited her to be seated .
this really needs to be eaten with wine , said bao-yu . aunt xue gave orders for some of the best wine to be decanted ; but nannie li disapproved . he shouldn ’ t have wine , mrs xue .
but come what may , i ’ m always the one that gets into trouble . poor old thing ! said aunt xue with a laugh .
i ’ ll see that he doesn ’ t drink too much . and if lady jia does say anything , i shall take full responsibility ? she turned to one of the maids : come on ’ now !
even if uncle does call for you , you can always say that aunt xue is keeping you .
i think that old nannie of yours has had a cup too many and is looking for a bit of excitement at our expense .
the nurses who came with you are still not back , said aunt xue . perhaps you had better wait a bit . we wait for them ?
he took both her hands in his own and led her outside to inspect the sheet of calligraphy newly pasted up over the doorway . just then dai-yu arrived .
then after a while nannie li came in and caught sight of them .
i don ’ t expect bao-yu will want these , she said . i think i ’ ll take them for my grand children ; and she had them sent round to her house .
aroma pre¬tended that she had smashed the cup herself by slipping on some snow while fetching tea .
soon the maids had him lying down between covers . aroma took off the magic jade ’ , wrapped it in a piece of silk , and slipped it under the quilt , so that it should not be cold on his neck the next morning .
by this time bao-yu was already asleep , having dropped off as soon as his head touched the pillow .
i think you had better not use that word studies again in my hearing , unless you want to make me blush for you . in my opinion you might just as well be left to fool around as before , since that is all you seem fit for .
no doubt he hopes to deceive others with this sort of thing , but he does not deceive me .
wait till i get back and have had my supper , cousin , said bao-yu , and i will give you a hand with that rouge .
as he was going she suddenly called after him so that he stopped : aren ’ t you going to say good-bye to your cousin bao-chai ?
let us in future forget all this uncle nephew business and address each other exactly like friends or brothers !
aren ’ t we allowed to talk if we want to ? jokey jin leered : if you ’ re allowed to talk , aren ’ t i al¬lowed to cough if i want to ? what i ’ d like to know is , if you ’ ve got something to say to each other , why can ’ t you say it out openly ?
who do you think you are ?
deprived of the inkstone , he picked up a satchel full of books and raising it in both hands above his head , hurled it in the direction of the assailant .
i ’ ll go and speak to her about this .
let me go for you and save you the trouble . i ’ ll just say that lady jia wants a word with her , hire a carriage , and bring her along myself .
you know what the proverb says : he who can check the moment ’ s rage shall calm and carefree end his days .
i can tell you this , my boy . if you get yourself thrown out of there , you needn ’ t think you can get in anywhere else , because you could easier fly to the moon than find another place like that . now you just play quietly for a bit and then go to bed like a good boy !
of him no more . jokey jin ’ s aunt was married to one jia huang , a member of the jia clan in the same generation as cousin zhen and jia lian .
never mind the rights and wrongs of the case , if this all gets out , they will make it too hot for my boy to stay on at the school ; and if he had to stop going to the school , we should never be able to afford a tutor for him , quite apart from all the extra expense i should have of feeding him during the day . never mind about all that !
even when relations call , i said , i can see to them myself . and never mind what the older members of the family might say : i ’ ll do all the explaining for you .
she must just rest quietly for a few days and look after herself . and if there ’ s anything she fancies to eat , just come to my apartment to get it . because if anything should happen to her , i said , you wouldn ’ t find another wife like that , with her looks and her good nature , if you took a lantern to look for her .
so he had to go and tell all this to his sister .
it pierces me to the heart when i think about that child ’ s illness ! i suppose you don ’ t happen to know of a good doctor , do you ?
while they were still talking , cousin zhen came in from outside . isn ’ t this cousin huang ’ s wife ? he asked you-shi , catching sight of the visitor .
when you invited her to dinner she knew she couldn ’ t very well stay on with sickness in the house and left after chatting a few minutes longer . she didn ’ t ask for anything before she went .
well , after that i obviously can ’ t go again on his birthday . we ’ d better have lai sheng in and make arrangements for two days ’ entertainment . you-shi called in jia rong .
he left the doctor in the charge of jia rong , who conducted him through the inner part of the house to his own apartment , where qin-shi was . is this the lady ? asked the doctor .
we can go on to talk about her symptoms and discuss a course of treatment if you are satisfied with the diagnosis .
well , that ’ s all right then . knowing how much grandma enjoys a bit of fun , i thought it didn ’ t seem like her not to come today unless she had some good reason for not coming .
while she was speaking jia rong came in , and having greeted in turn first lady xing , then lady wang , and then xi-feng , he turned to his mother : i ’ ve just delivered the food to grandfather , and i told him that father was entertaining all the men of the family at home and had not presumed to visit him because of what he said . grandfather was very pleased .
now i ’ ve got to hurry off again to look after the gentlemen while they have their dinner .
you-shi ’ s mother , lady xing , lady wang and xi-feng , having finished their meal , rinsed out their mouths and washed their hands , had just announced their intention of going into the garden , when jia rong came in with a message for his mother . my great-uncles and all the other gentlemen have just finished their dinner . great-uncle she says he has business at home , and great-uncle zheng doesn ’ t like plays because he says he can ’ t stand the noise ; but all the others have gone with uncle lian and cousin qiang to watch the players .
she is your nephew ’ s wife .
just look in for a moment , though , and then join the rest of us . thereupon you-shi invited lady wang , lady xing and old mrs you to accompany her to the all-scents garden , while xi-feng and bao-yu accompanied jia rong to qin-shi ’ s room .
rong ’ s parents treat me as if i were their own daughter . rong may be young , but he respects me , and i respect him ; there has never been a cross word between us . you , it goes without saying—but not only you , all the over members of the family—have always been goodness itself to me .
it ’ s not really that serious : sick people always say things like that .
said jia rong .
come on , sit down !
said lady xing .
now you pick out one or two good ones for us !
xi-feng politely rose to thank her , and taking the playbill from you-shi , scanned it through and picked out two of the items listed : one a scene from the return of the soul and the other gai-nian plays his guitar ’ from the palace of eternal youth . if they do these two after they have finished singing this scene from faithful bi-lian , she said , handing the playbill back to you-shi , i think that will be just about enough for the day .
i ’ m sure it will , said lady wang .
it isn ’ t often that you both come to see us , said you-shi . please stay as long as you can . it will be so much more fun .
it ’ s really quite early yet .
they have gone off to the frozen sunlight gallery to drink , said one of the old women in attendance .
said xi-feng , heaven knows what they can be getting up to behind our backs !
as they laughed and chattered together , the actors even¬tually finished performing the second of the two pieces xi¬-feng had selected , whereupon the wine was removed from the tables and rice served .
when they had finished their meal , the company retired to the main reception room indoors and took tea there , after which carriages were called for and the other ladies took their leave of old mrs you .
you-shi stood at the head of all the concubines and female domestics of the ning household to see them outside , while cousin zhen at the head of the junior male members of his family stood beside the waiting carriages . you must come again tomorrow , ladies , said cousin zhen to lady xing and lady wang as they emerged from the house . i think not , said lady wang .
we have sat here the whole day being entertained and we are all rather tired now .
after cousin zhen had gone indoors again , li gui led out a horse and bao-yu mounted on its back and rode off behind lady wang ’ s carriage .
cousin zhen and the other males then sat down to supper and , when it was over , the party broke up . next day there was another day of feasting for the members of the clan , particulars of which , however , we omit from our record .
jia rui made several visits to the rong mansion , but all his calls seemed to coincide with xi-feng ’ s visits to the ning mansion to see qin-shi .
the thirtieth day of the eleventh month , the day of the winter solstice , arrived .
it was the turn of the season , and for several days before it grandmother jia , lady wang and xi-¬feng had been sending messengers daily to inquire after qin shi . each time the report they brought back was the same :
at this time of year , said lady wang , it ’ s a hopeful sign if an illness like hers doesn ’ t get any worse .
oh i do hope so ! said grandmother jia .
if anything should happen to her , it would break my heart .
you and she have always been good friends , she said turning to xi-feng .
tomorrow is the first of the last . go and see her again some time after tomorrow .
if she seems a bit better , come and tell me when you get back .
xi-feng promised to do as she had said , and on the second day of the next month she went over to the ning-guo man¬sion as soon as she had finished her breakfast .
xi-feng sat for a long time chatting with her , and once more urged her to take a more optimistic view of her illness .
we shall know the worst when the spring comes , said qin-shi . at least i ’ ve got past the solstice without anything happening , so perhaps i shall get better . give grandma and auntie wang my regards , won ’ t you .
i ’ ll send you some more tomorrow , said xi-feng .
now i must go and see your mother-in-law , and after that i have to hurry back and give my report on you to grandma .
she went into you-shi ’ s reception room and sat down . tell me honestly , said you-shi . what did you think of her ?
xi-feng sat silent for some time with lowered head .
there ’ s no hope , is there ? you ’ ll have to start getting things ready for the end .
of course , it ’ s always possible that doing so may break the bad luck .
the only thing we haven ’ t yet got is the right timber { or the you know what .
xi-feng had some tea and chatted a while longer with you-shi . then she said : i must hurry back to report to grandma .
break it to her gently , said you-shi . you don ’ t want to give her a shock , at her age .
of course , said xi-feng , and rising to her feet went straight back home and called on grandmother jia . rong ’ s wife asked me to give you her regards , grandma . she sends you a kotow and she says she feels somewhat better .
for the time being there doesn ’ t seem to be anything much to worry about , said xi-feng .
she seems to be in quite good spirits .
for a long time the old lady brooded in silence . then , remembering xi-feng , she told her to change her clothes and rest a while . xi-feng said yes , she would , and after calling on lady wang , went back to her own apartment , where patience had warmed her everyday clothes for her to change into .
when she had changed , she sat down and asked patience if anything had happened during her absence .
brightie ’ s wife came with the interest on the three hundred taels of silver and i received it for you .
oh , and mr rui sent someone to ask if you were in .
just let him come , then !
i know how to deal with him .
but if you wish to know the outcome of jia rui ’ s visit , you will have to read the next chapter . wang xi-feng sets a trap for her admirer
and jia rui looks into the wrong side of the mirror
jia rui ’ s arrival was announced while xi-feng and patience were still talking about him .
hearing that he was to be received , jia rui rejoiced in¬wardly . he came into the room wreathed in smiles and over¬whelmed xi-feng with civilities . with feigned solicitude she pressed him to be seated and to take tea .
he became quite ecstatic at the sight of her informal dress .
why isn ’ t cousin lian back yet ?
he asked , staring with fascinated eyes .
men are all the same !
but how many men are there like you ?
i doubt you could find one in ten .
how would it be if i were to come every day to help you pass the time ?
you must be joking ! said xi-feng .
what would you want to come here for ? i mean every word i say , said jia rui .
may i be struck by lightning if i don ’ t ! true , there was a time when i should have been scared to come , because people always told me what a holy terror you were and how dangerous it was to cross you ; but now i know that in reality you are all gentleness and flin , there is nothing that could stop me coming . i would come now if it cost me my life .
you really are an understanding sort of person - so much more so than rong or qiang ! i used to think that since they were such handsome and culturedooking young men they must be understanding as well , but they turned out to be stupid brutes without the least consideration for other people ’ s feelings .
he peered closely at an embroidered purse that she was wearing and expressed a strong interest in one of her rings .
you had better go !
now i think you had better go .
jia rui waited for the evening with great impatience . by a stroke of bad luck some relations came on a visit and stayed to supper . it was already lamplight when they left , and jia rui then had to wait for his grandfather to settle down for the night before he could scuttle off to the rong mansion and make his way to the room in the little passage-way where xi-feng had told him to go .
he waited there for her arrival with the frenzied agitation of an ant on a hot saucepan .
as he was in the midst of these gloomy imaginings , a dark figure glided into the room . certain that it must be xi-feng , jia rui cast all caution to the winds and , when the figure approached him , threw himself upon it like a hungry tiger seizing its prey or a cat pouncing on a harmless mouse .
he exclaimed , enfolding his beloved in his arms ; and carrying her to the kang , he laid her down and began kissing her and tugging at her trousers , murmuring my sweetest darling ’ and my honey love ’ and other such endearments in between kisses .
jia rui now tore down his own trousers and prepared to thrust home his hard and throbbing ; member . suddenly a light flashed - and there was jia qiang holding aloft a candle in a candlestick which he shone around :
uncle rui is trying to bugger me ! horrors i the sight he saw when he looked down made jia rui want to sink into the ground . it was jia rong !
oh no you don ’ t !
when lady wang first heard , she was so angry that she fainted , but now she ’ s come round again and ; s asking for you to be brought to her . come along , then ! off we go !
my dear nephew , just tell her that you didn ’ t find me here !
tomorrow i will reward you handsomely .
i suppose i could let you go easily enough , said jia qiang . the question is , how big would this reward be ? in any case , just saying that you will give me a reward is no good .
but i can ’ t put a thing like this down in writing !
no problem there , said jia qiang . just say that you ’ ve lost money gambling and have borrowed such and such an amount to cover your losses .
jia qiang at once disappeared and reappeared only a moment later with paper and a writing-brush which had evidently been made ready in advance .
writing at his dicta¬tion jia rui was compelled , in spite of protests , to put down fifty taels of silver as the amount on the iou . the document , having been duly signed , was at once pocketed by jia qiang , who then pretended to seek the connivance of jia rong . but jia rong feigned the most obdurate incorruptibility and in¬sisted that he would lay the matter next day before a council of the whole clan and see that justice was done .
you realize , don ’ t you , said jia qiang , that i ’ m going to get into trouble for this ? now let ’ s see . the gate leading to lady jia ’ s courtyard was bolted some time ago , and sir zheng is at the moment in the main reception room looking at some stuff that has just arrived from nanking , so you can ’ t go through that way .
you ’ d better let me scout around a bit first and come for you when the coast is clear .
i ’ ll find somewhere else for you .
he took jia rui by the arm , and having first blown the candle out , led him into the courtyard and groped his way round to the underside of the steps which led up to the terrace of the central building .
crouch down there , and don ’ t make a sound ! you can go when i come for you .
jia qiang and jia rong then went off leaving him to him¬self . jia rui , by now a mere automaton in the hands of his cap¬tors , obediently crouched down beneath the steps and was just beginning a series of calculations respecting his present financial predicament when a sudden slosh !
signalled the dis¬charge of a slop-pail ’ s stinking contents immediately above his head , drenching him from top to toe with liquid filth and causing him to cry out in dismay - but only momentarily , for the excrement covered his face and head and caused him to close his mouth again in a hurry and crouch silent and shivering in the icy cold .
just then jia qiang came running up :
at the word of command jia rui bounded out of his hole and sprinted for dear life through the rear gate and back to his own home . it was now past midnight , and he had to shout for someone to let him in . when the servant who answered the gate saw the state he was in and asked him how it had happened , he had to pretend that he had been out in the darkness to ease himself and had fallen into the jakes .
then rushing into his own room he stripped off his clothes and washed , his mind running all the time on how xi-feng had tricked him .
from that time on , though he longed for xi-feng with un¬abated passion , he never dared to visit the rong-guo mansion again . jia rong and jia qiang , on the other hand , came frequently to his house to ask for their money , so that he was in constant dread of his grandfather finding out about the ious . unable , even now , to overcome his longing for xi-feng , saddled with a heavy burden of debt , harassed during the day¬time by the schoolwork set him by his exacting grandfather , worn-out during the nights by the excessive hand-pumping inevitable in an unmarried man of twenty whose mistress was both unattainable and constantly in his thoughts , twice frozen , tormented and forced to flee - what constitution could with¬stand so many shocks and strains without succumbing in the end to illness ?
the symptoms of jia rui ’ s illness—a palpitation in the heart , a loss of taste in the mouth , a weakness in the hams , a smarting in the eyes , feverishness by night and lassi¬tude by day , albumen in the urine and blood-flecks in the phlegm—had all manifested themselves within less than a year .
physicians were called in to treat him and some bushels of cinnamon bark , autumn root , turtle-shell , black leek and solomon ’ s seal must at one time and another have been in-fused and taken without the least observable effect . winter went and spring came and jia rui ’ s sickness grew even worse .
the most recent advice was that the patient should be given a pure decoction of ginseng without admixture of other ingredients . so costly a remedy was far beyond dai¬-ru ’ s resources and he was obliged to go to the rong-guo man¬sion to beg .
lady wang ordered wang xi-feng to weigh out two ounces for him from their own supplies .
the other day when we were making up a new lot of pills for grandmother , said xi-feng , you told me to keep any of the remaining whole roots for a medicine you were sending to general yang ’ s wife . i sent her the medicine yesterday , sol am afraid we haven ’ t any left . well , even if we haven ’ t got any , said lady wang , you can send to your mother-in-law ’ s for some ; and probably they will have some at your cousin zhen ’ s .
if you can save a man ’ s life by doing so , you will have performed a work of merit .
to lady wang , however , she reported that she had asked the others and altogether obtained more than two ounces of ginseng which she had sent to dai-ru .
one day a lame taoist appeared at the door asking for alms and claiming to be able to cure retributory illnesses . jia rui , who chanced to overhear him , called out from his bed :
quick , tell the holy man to come in and save me ! and as he called , he kotowed with his head on the pillow . the servants were obliged to bring the taoist into the bedroom .
he cried out again and again .
let me take the mirror with me .
those were the last words he ever uttered .
to those who stood around the bed and watched him while this was happening he appeared first to be holding up the mirror and looking into it , then to let it drop ; then to open his eyes in a ghastly stare and pick it up again ; then , as it once more fell from his grasp , he finally ceased to move .
they cursed the taoist for a necromancer and ordered the servants to heap up a fire and cast the mirror upon the flames .
from the rong-guo side jia she and jia zheng each gave twenty taels of silver and from the ning-guo side cousin zhen also gave twenty taels .
the other members of the clan gave amounts varying from one to four taels according to their means .
although dai-ru ’ s means were slender , with so much monetary help coming in he was able to perform the whole business in considerable style . towards the end of the year in which jia rui ’ s troubles started lin ru-hai fell seriously ill and wrote a letter asking to see dai-yu again . though grandmother jia was plunged into deepest gloom by the letter , she was obliged to prepare with all possible expedition for her granddaughter ’ s departure .
grandmother jia insisted that jia lian should accompany dai-yu and see her safely there and back . the various gifts to be taken and the journey-money were , it goes without saying , duly prepared . a suitable day on which to commence the journey was quickly determined and jia lian and dai-yu took leave of all the rest and , embarking with their attendants , set sail for yangchow .
if you wish for further details , you may learn them in the following chapter .
on the occasion of which we write she had sat beside the lamp with patience until late into the evening ; then , the bedding having been well warmed , the two women had gone to bed , where they lay until after midnight discussing the stages of jia lian ’ s journey and attempting to calculate what point he was likely to have reached in it .
full water overflows . the higher the climb , the harder the fall .
suppose one day joy at its height engenders sorrow . and suppose that , in the words of another proverb , when the tree falls , the monkeys scatter . will not our reputation as one of the great , cultured households of the age then turn into a hollow mockery ?
the extreme of adversity is the beginning of prosperity - and the reverse of that saying is also true . honour and disgrace follow each other in an unending cycle .
no human power can arrest that cycle and hold it permanently in one position . what you can do , however , is to plan while we are still prosperous for the kind of heritage that will stand up to the hard times when they come . at the moment everything seems well looked after ; but in fact there are still two matters that have not been properly taken care of .
xi-feng asked her .
there again , there is no fixed source of income . obviously there will be no lack of funds either for the seasonal offerings or for the school as long as we enjoy our present prosperity . but where is the money for them coming from in the future , when the family has fallen on hard times ?
i am convinced that the only way of dealing with these two matters is to invest now , while we are still rich and powerful , in as much property as possible—land , farms , and houses—in the area around the burial-ground , and to pay for the seasonal offerings and the running of the school entirely out of the income from this property .
the whole clan , old and young alike , should be convened and a set of regulations drawn up whereby each family is made to administer the estate and look after the financing of the seasonal offerings and the clan school for one year in turn .
then even if the clan gets into trouble and its possessions are confiscated , this part of its property , as charitable estate , will escape confiscation ; and when the family ’ s fortunes are in decline , it will be a place where the young people can go to farm and study , as well as a means of maintaining the ancestral sacrifices in unbroken succession . to refuse to take thought for the morrow on the grounds that our present prosperity is going to last for ever would be extremely short-sighted .
in the midst of that brief moment of happiness never forget that even the best party must have an end . for if you do , and if you fail to take precautions in good time , you will live to regret it bitterly when it is already too late .
however , for the sake of our brief friendship on this earth , i leave you these words as my parting gift . be sure that you remember them well ! when the three springs have gone , the flowering time will end ,
xi-feng was about to ask her another question when she was interrupted by the sound of the iron chime-bar which hung in the inner gate . the signal of death ! she woke with a start to hear a servant announcing , mrs rong of the ning-guo mansion is dead .
by this time the entire household had heard the news . all seemed bewildered by it and all were in one way or another deeply distressed . those older than qin-shi thought of how dutiful she had always been ; those in her own generation thought of her warmth and friendliness ; her juniors remem¬bered how kindly and lovingly she had treated them ; even the servants , irrespective of sex and age , remembering her com¬passion for the poor and humble and her gentle concern for the old and the very young , all wept and lamented as loud and bitterly as the rest .
during the last few days , since dai-yu ’ s return to her father had deprived him of her companionship , bao-yu , far from seeking diversion in the company of the others , had kept to himself , going to bed early every night and sleeping dis¬consolately on his own . the news of qin-shi ’ s death came to him in the midst of his dreams , causing him to start up in bed with a jerk .
a sudden stabbing pain shot through his heart . he retched involuntarily and spat out a mouthful of blood .
aroma and the maids clung to him , terrified , and asked him what was the matter . they wanted to tell grandmother jia and ask her to send for a doctor ; but bao-yu would not hear of it .
something that happens when a sudden rush of fire to the heart prevents the blood from getting back into the right channels . he climbed out of bed as he spoke and told them to bring him some clean clothes , so that he could see his grandmother and then go straight on to the other house .
and besides , there ’ s a nasty wind at this time of night .
it will be soon enough if you go there first thing tomorrow .
but bao-yu would not be gainsaid , so she gave instructions for a carriage to be made ready for him and a numerous retinue of servants to attend him there .
arriving in haste at the entrance of the ning-guo mansion , they found the gates flung wide open and lanterns on either side turning the night into noonday .
alighting from his carriage , bao-yu hurried through to the room in which qin-shi lay and wept there for a while very bitterly .
after leaving you-shi , he went to look for cousin zhen .
by now jia dai-ru , jia dai-xiu , jia chi , jia xiao , jia dun , jia she , jia zheng , jia cong , jia bin , jia heng ( i ) , jia guang , jia chen , jia qiong , jia lin , jia qiang , jia chang , jia ling , jia yun , jia qin , jia jin , jia ping , jia zao , jia heng ( ii ) , jia fen , jia fang , jia lan , jia jun and jia zhi had all arrived , and bao-yu found cousin zhen in their midst addressing them , though well-nigh choked with tears :
everyone , young or old , kinsman or friend , knows that my daughter-in-law was ten times better than any son .
now that she has been taken from us it ’ s plain to see that this senior branch of the family is doomed to extinction~ ’ and he broke down once more into incontrollable weeping . the men present tried to console him :
as he was speaking qin bang-ye and qin zhong arrived , and various members of you-shi ’ s family , including her two younger sisters .
cousin zhen deputed jia qiong , jia chen , jia lin and jia qiang from among the younger men present to look after them and any other guests who might arrive .
with the approval of this official it was decided that the lying in state should be for forty-nine days and that the notification of bereavement indicating the family ’ s readiness to receive official visits of condolence should bb made in three days ’ time .
a hundred and eight buddhist monks were engaged to perform a grand miseri¬cordia for the salvation of all departed souls in the main reception hall of the mansion during these forty-nine day , while at the same time ninety-nine taoist priests of the quan¬zhen sect were to perform ceremonies of purification and absolution at a separate altar in the celestial fragrance pavilion . these arrangements having been made , the body was moved to a temporary shrine in another pavilion of the all-scents garden . fifty high-ranking buddhist monks and fifty high-ranking taoist priests took turns in chanting and intoning before it on every seventh day .
nothing would induce old jia jing to return home when he learned of the death of his grandson ’ s wife .
accordingly he left all these matters to cousin zhen to order as he wished . free to indulge his own extravagant tastes , cousin .zhen had inspected several sets of deal coffin-boards without finding any to his liking . xue pan heard of his problem when he came round to condole .
it ’ s in a wood supposed to have come from the iron net mountains .
it was brought here years ago by my father . prince zhong-yi was going to have it , but when he came unstuck it didn ’ t get used . it ’ s still locked up in store because no one has ever been found who could afford to buy it .
cousin zhen was delighted , and the timber was brought over at once for everyone to inspect .
the planks for the base and sides were at least eight inches thick . the wood had a grain like areca palm and a fragrance suggestive of musk and sandalwood . when rapped with the knuckles it gave off a hard , ringing sound like jade or stone .
everyone was impressed and cousin zhen eagerly inquired the price .
xue pan laughed . i doubt you could buy a set like this for a thousand taels of silver cash down , he said . blow the price !
cousin zhen thanked him profusely and at once gave orders for the planks to be sawn up and made into a coffin . jia zheng doubted the propriety of using such material for the burial of a person not of royal blood and insisted that it would be sufficient to use the best quality deal ; but cousin zhen refused to listen .
such rare devotion excited the wondering admiration of the entire clan . cousin zhen at once had her laid out and encoffined with the rites appropriate to a granddaughter and ordered her coffin to be placed in the ascension pavilion of the all-scents garden side by side with qin-shi ’ s . as qin-shi had died without issue , another of her little maids called jewel volunteered to stand in as her daughter and perform the chief mourner ’ s duties of smashing the bowl when the bearers came in to take up the coffin and walking in front of it in the funeral procession .
in the meantime she installed herself by the coffin and , comporting herself in the manner prescribed for an unmarried daughter , wept and wailed until she had almost lost her voice .
the family ’ s respect for tradition was , however , a source of great unease to cousin zhen when he reflected on jia rong ’ s status : for jia rong was only an imperial college student - an absurdly insignificant title to write on a funeral banner ; and the insignia to which qin-shi was entitled would make a very poor showing when borne in the funeral procession . by a stroke of luck the fourth day of the first seven-day period—the day on which official condolences were scheduled to begin - brought a visit from dai quan , the eunuch cham¬berlain of the da-ming palace . having sent his representative along well in advance with offerings for the departed spirit , he presently arrived himself , seated in a great palanquin and preceded by criers and men with gongs clearing the streets before him , to present his offerings in person .
as soon as dai quan had made his offering , cousin zhen ushered him into the honey bee gallery , invited him to be seated , and served him with tea . then , entering into conversa¬tion with his guest , he quickly found occasion to mention the fact that he was thinking of purchasing a place for his son jia rong .
well , by a lucky coincidence , said dai quan , there is rather a good place going at this very moment .
the corps of officers of the imperial guard , which has an establishment of three hundred , has got two vacancies in it .
yesterday lord xiang-yang ’ s younger brother sannikins begged me for one of them and sent fifteen hundred taels of silver round to my house to pay for it . he and i have always been good friends , as you know , and in any case i felt i had to do some¬thing , for his grandpa ’ s sake ; so i couldn ’ t very well refuse . piggy feng , the military governor of yong-xing , has asked me if he can buy the remaining place for his son , but i haven ’ t yet had time to give him a reply .
if our young friend here wants it , why not jot down his particulars and i ’ ll see what i can do .
cousin zhen at once ordered someone to write out jia rong ’ s name , age and lineage on a sheet of red paper . the following description was hurriedly prepared and handed to dai quan for his inspection :
name : jia rong place of origin : ( county ) kiangning ; ( prefecture ) ying-tian-fu ; ( province ) kiangnan . status : imperial college student
great-grandfather : general jia dai-hua , c.-in-c. metropolitan barracks , hereditary noble of the first rank .
grandfather : jia jing , palace graduate of the year 17— .
colonel jia zhen , third rank ( hereditary ) .
after glancing through it quickly , dai quan handed it into the keeping of a young eunuch secretary at his side . when we get back , he said to the latter , give this to old zhao , the president of the board of revenue , with my compli¬ments , and ask him if he would kindly make out a commission for a captain in the imperial guard , fifth rank , and also the papers to go with it with these particulars filled in .
the young eunuch bowed , and dai quan rose to go . seeing that he could no longer detain him , cousin zhen showed him out as far as the main gate .
if you go to the ministry , they ’ re sure to fleece you . cousin zhen thanked him warmly . when the period of mourning is over , he said , i shall bring the young fellow round to your house to kotow his thanks .
with that they parted .
but no sooner had the eunuch gone than the sound of criers was once more heard in the street , this time heralding the arrival of the marchioness of zhong¬jing , wife of grandmother jia ’ s nephew shi ding , with her little niece shi xing-yun .
lady wang , lady xing and wang xi-feng received them in cousin zhen ’ s drawing-room .
offerings from the marquises of jin-xiang and chuan-ning and the earl of shou-shan were now on display , and those three gentlemen were shortly to be observed alighting from their palanquins outside . cousin zhen went out to meet them and conducted them up the steps into the main reception hall .
from then on there was a continuous stream of arrivals , and throughout the whole forty-nine-day period the street in front of the ning-guo mansion was thronged with family mourners in white and mandarins in their ’ colourful robes of office , milling in and out and to and fro all day long . the day after dai quan ’ s visit cousin zhen made jia kong change out of mourning into a court dress and go to collect his commission . the furnishings and insignia in the shrine were all rearranged in a manner befitting a person of the fifth rank .
the gate of the all-scents garden opening on to the street was thrown wide open and booths for musicians were erected on either side of it , in which black-coated funeral bands played at fixed times throughout the day .
at each side of the gateway vermilion-painted boards inscribed in large golden characters boldly announced the status of the bereaved : honorary captain of the imperial bodyguard inner palace , northern capital division
inside the gateway , facing the street , a high staging was con¬structed on which buddhist monks and taoist priests sat on opposite sides of an altar intoning their sacred texts .
jia yan , hereditary duke of ning-guo , and wife of the right honourable jia rong , captain in the imperial bodyguard ) inner palace :
in this favoured country , situate in the centre- most part of the four continents of the earth , on which it has pleased heaven to bestow the
lady xing asked him .
as you doubtless know , said cousin zhen , my wife has been ill in bed ever since our daughter-in-law ’ s death , and with no one to run her side of the household it has been getting into a pretty deplorable state .
said lady xing with a smile . feng is now part of your aunt wang ’ s establishment .
i think you had better trouble someone else .
i can easily guess what is in your mind , aunt , said cousin zhen . you are afraid we should overwork her . for i assure you there is no question of her not being a good enough manager .
even in her childhood games , cousin feng had the decisiveness of a little general , and since she ’ s married and had some experience of running things next door , she is a thoroughly seasoned campaigner . i ’ ve thought the matter over carefully these past few days and am quite convinced that apart from cousin feng there really isn ’ t anyone else i can ask . if you won ’ t let her do this for my sake or my wife ’ s sake , at least won ’ t you let her for the sake of the one who has just died ?
and at this point he burst into tears . lady wang ’ s only concern had been lest xi-feng , who had had no experience of large-scale funerals , might find the task too big for her and perhaps end up by making a fool of herself . but cousin zhen ’ s moving plea caused her attitude to soften considerably and she eyed xi-feng thoughtfully as though struggling to make up her mind .
i don ’ t see why not , said xi-feng .
seeing that xi-feng herself appeared to be willing , cousin zhen turned to her with a smile .
let me make you a reverence now , to show my gratitude . then , when this is all over , i shall come round to your place to thank you properly .
anything you want you can get by using one of these . there is no need to ask me for it .
i have only two reqsts to make of you .
first that you should dismiss from your mind any idea of trying to save me any money . the important thing is to put on a good show : the expense doesn ’ t matter . and secondly that you should treat our people here exactly as you treat the members of your own household .
xi-feng watched lady wang , not daring to accept the tallies without her approval .
you hear what your cousin says , said lady wang .
only do not take too much upon yourself .
if there are any decisions to make , be sure to ask cousin zhen or his wife first .
bao-yu had already received the tallies from cousin zhen and now thrust them at xi-feng .
will you stay here with us , cousin zhen asked her , or will you be coming over every day from the other house ?
i am needed at the other house too , so it will be best if i come here every day .
having accomplished his mission , cousin zhen stayed chatting a little longer and then left . presently , when the visiting ladies had dispersed , lady wang asked xi-feng what her plans were for the rest of the day . please go on without me , aunt , said xi-feng .
lady wang accordingly left without more delay in the company of lady xing , and the two ladies returned to the rong-guo mansion , where we must now leave them .
3.because the household ’ s expenditure was so lavish , money was always getting misappropriated or misspent . 4.because no distinctions were made between one job and another , the rewards and hardships were unfairly distributed , 5.because the servants were so arrogant and undisciplined , those with face ’ could brook no restraint and those without could win no advancement .
bei-jing at a roadside halt when lai sheng , the chief steward of the ning-guo mansion , learned that xi-feng had been invited to take on the manage¬ment of the household , he called his cronies together and addressed them in the following terms :
she was to take receipt of some ledger-paper , buckram , and bookabels , and had a tally in her hand and a slip of paper specifying the quantities required . the men pressed round her offering her a place to sit and a cup of tea to drink while one of them hurried off with the list to fetch the needed items .
not only that , but , having fetched them , he carried them for her all the way to the inner gate of the mansion , only handing them to her then so that she could take them in to xi-feng by herself . xi-feng at once ordered sunshine to make them up into stout workbooks for use in the office .
at the same time she sent for lai sheng ’ s wife and asked her for the register of the household staff .
then , after roughly checking through the numbers in the establishment ’ sheet and questioning lai sheng ’ s wife on a few points , she got into her carriage and drove back home . at half past six next morning she was back at the ning-guo mansion . by this time all the married women on the staff had been assembled .
not daring to go in , they hung about outside the window listening to xi-feng discussing work-plans with lai sheng ’ s wife inside the office . now that i ’ m in charge here ’ , they heard her telling the latter , i won ’ t promise to make myself agreeable .
you won ’ t find me letting you do every-thing just as it suits you . so don ’ t let me hear anyone saying we don ’ t do it that way here ! from now on , whatever it is , you do it the way i tell you to , and anyone who departs by as much as a hair ’ s breadth from what i say is for it good and proper , no matter how senior or how important she thinks she is !
having delivered herself of this formidable preliminary she ordered sunshine to call the roll . one by one the women stepped into the office to be looked at .
this twenty here . i want you to divide yourselves into two shifts of ten . your job every day will be to look after lady visitors and serve them tea .
your job will be serving tea and meals to the family . again , two shifts . your job is to look after the shrine : lighting fresh joss-sticks , keeping the lamps in oil , changing the drapes .
that is your job and nothing else besides . you four are to look after the cups and plates and so forth in the ladies ’ tea-room . if anything is missing , you share the responsibility between you and a quarter of the cost will be stopped out of each of your wages .
this eight here . i want you to take charge of all funeral offerings sent in from outside . i want you to look after oil , candles , and paper-offerings .
i ’ m going to put the whole lot in your charge ; then whenever any is needed somewhere , you must go to wherever it is and supply them with whatever amount i tell you to . this twenty here . i want you doing night duty by rota .
at seven in the evening , as soon as the paper-offerings have been burnt , i shall make a personal tour of inspection ; and when i get back from it , i shall issue those on night duty with their keys .
then next day i shall be back here again at half past six .
i dare say we are all going to be a bit overworked during the days ahead , but i am sure your master will want to reward you all for your trouble when this is over .
xi-feng now proceeded to supervise the distribution of supplies of tea , oil , candles , feather-dusters , and brooms to some of her work-parties , and to issue others with table¬cloths , chair-covers , cushions , mats , spittoons , footstools , and other furnishings , an entry of the amount supplied being made in the book as each consignment was handed over .
a clear record now existed of what individuals were in charge of which parts of the household , what items they were responsible for , and what duties they were expected to per¬form . gone now were the days when everyone picked the easiest tasks to do first and the less popular ones never got carried out ; gone the convenient disorder in which objects had so easily strayed ( no one ever knew how ) from the rooms where they belonged .
meanwhile you-shi was still unwell and cousin zhen too crushed by his somewhat disproportionate grief to think much about eating and drinking . xi-feng accordingly had all sorts of invalid slops for you-shi and tempting little delicacies for cousin zhen prepared in the kitchens of the rong-guo man¬sion and sent over each day to the prostrate couple .
every morning she would be over at the appointed the roll-call and would sit there alone in her office , never once emerging to mix with the young ning-guo women of her own generation . even when lady visitors arrived she remained in the office and took no part in their reception .
meanwhile the ninety-nine taoists in the celestial fragrance pavilion were on their knees offering up a written petition to the three pure ones and calling on the jade emperor himself in his heavenly palace . outside , on their high staging , with swinging of censers and scattering of little cakes for the hungry ghosts to feed on , zen monks were performing the great water penitential . and in the shrine where the coffin stood , six young monks and six young nuns , magnificently attired in scarlet slippers and embroidered copes , sat before the spirit tablet quietly murmuring the dharani that would assist the soul of the dead woman on the most difficult part of its journey into the underworld .
knowing that the day would be a busy one bringing a greater than usual number of visitors , xi-feng had risen at four o ’ clock in the morning to begin her toilet . by the time she had completed it , paid her daily tribute to nature , washed her hands , drunk a few mouthfuls of milk , and rinsed out her mouth , it was already half past six and brightie ’ s wife , at the head of the other female domestics , had been waiting for some considerable time in the courtyard outside . at last she emerged and stepped into the waiting carriage .
two horn lanterns inscribed in large characters with the words rong-guo house were borne before her as she went .
the great gate of the ning-guo mansion was hung with lanterns and there were rows of identical standard lanterns on each side of the gateway illuminating the entrance with the brightness of noonday and eerily emphasizing the whiteness of the mourning-clothes worn by the menservants lined up to receive the carriage .
then the men-servants retired and xi-feng ’ s own women hurried forward and raised the curtain of the carriage for her to descend .
she did so , leaning on the shoulder of her maid felicity , and the two women with the lanterns led her in , lighting the way for her as they went , while her other women closed in behind her and the women of the ning-guo household advanced to meet her , curtseyed , and chorused their morning greetings . xi-feng walked slowly through the all-scents garden until she came to the shrine in the ascension pavilion . as soon as she caught sight of the coffin the tears , like pearls from a broken necklace , rolled in great drops down her cheeks .
a number of pages were standing stiffly in the courtyard outside awaiting the command to set fire to the paper offerings . xi-feng gave orders for them to begin and for tea to be offered up inside the shrine .
in this xi-feng now sat , and raising her voice to a shrill pitch , wept with abandon , whereupon the entire house¬hold , high and low , male and female , indoors and out , res¬ponded by breaking into loud and prolonged lamentation . presently a representative of cousin zhen and you-shi arrived and begged xi-feng to desist .
brightie ’ s wife poured out a cup of tea for her to rinse her mouth with , and when she had sufficiently recovered herself she rose to her feet once more took leave of various members of the clan who were present , and went off to her office in the penthouse . an inspection of the roster showed that all the members of her work-parties were present except for one woman belong¬ing to the group responsible for the reception of friends of the family . someone was sent to fetch her , and presently the woman arrived , flustered and fearful .
said the woman . i ’ ve been coming extra early every day .
please let me off this once , madam !
just at that moment xi-feng observed wang xing ’ s wife from the rong-guo mansion , peeping round the door as if looking for a chance to speak to her .
wang xing ’ s wife approached and said that she wanted a tally authorizing the purchase of silk cord to be made up into carriage trimmings for the funeral .
it specified the number of network trimmings that would be required for two large sedans , four small sedans , and four carriages , and the number of pounds of silk cord that would be required for that amount of network . xi-feng made sunshine read it out to her , and having satisfied herself that the figures were correct , told him to enter them in his book and to issue wang xing ’ s wife with one of the rong-guo tallies , whereupon the latter hurried off to complete her mission . xi-feng was about to address the latecomer when four more servants from the rong-guo mansion came in asking for tallies .
she told them to hand over the order-slips and made sunshine read them out to her . two of them contained errors , and xi-feng flung them down and told the bearers to go away and come back when they had got their figures right ’ .
xi-feng next observed zhang cai ’ s wife hovering about at the edge of the room and asked her what she wanted . it ’ s those carriage curtains , ma ’ am . we want the money for the tailor who made them up .
but she would not authorize zhang cai ’ s wife to pay for the tailoring until wang xing ’ s wife had returned the tally for the material used and the buyer ’ s receipt .
there was a second piece of paper which sunshine now read , requesting permission to purchase paper for the windows of bao-yu ’ s outer study , which had just been redecorated .
i should have liked to let you off , but if i ’ m lenient with you the first time , it will be that much harder for me to deal with someone else the second time ; so i am obliged to make an example of you . her face hardened as she pronounced sentence : take her out and give her twenty strokes of the bamboo !
the wretched woman was half-dragged from the room and the flogging administered in full view of the waiting throng , after which they came in again , the executioners to report that they had discharged their duty and their victim to thank xi-feng for her punishment .
xi-feng threw down one of the ning-guo tallies . take this to lai sheng and tell him to stop a month ’ s pay from her wages .
if anyone is late tomorrow they will get forty strokes and the day after that it will be sixty .
so if you enjoy being beaten you have only to come late for roll-call .
the servants , including the shamefaced and silently weeping victim , trooped off to their various duties . now began a steady stream of servants from both house¬holds collecting and returning tallies , each of whom xi-feng attended to in a brisk and efficient manner . from that day onwards the staff of the ning-guo mansion realized lust how formidable xi-feng could he and went about their duties in fear and trembling , not daring to idle or delay .
but let us now turn to bao-yu .
here , or in the other house ?
he and qin zhong sat down , and presently xi-feng finished her lunch .
just then a woman came in asking for a tally with which to obtain a fresh supply of oil for the altar lamps .
i thought you must have forgotten .
if you had forgotten , you ’ d have had to pay for it yourself .
so saying , she took her tally and went .
both your houses use these tallies for everything , said qin zhong , who had been watching these transactions with some interest .
suppose some outsider were to forge one and use it to get a lot of money with ?
how is it that there is no one from our place coming in for tallies ? bao-yu asked .
at the time when they come , xi-feng replied , you are still fast asleep in bed . now let me ask you something . when are you going to begin studying at night ?
whether they get round to it or not , said xi-feng , they still need materials for the job , and they can ’ t get the materials if i don ’ t choose to give them the tallies—i can tell you that for sure !
i am so tired that my bones ache .
bao-yu refused to believe her until she made sunshine look up the entry in his book and show it to him . while bao-yu was inspecting the book , a servant announced the arrival of shiner , one of the boys who had accompanied jia lian to yangchow . xi-feng eagerly ordered him in .
why have you come back ?
the master sent me , ma ’ am .
mr. lin died on the third at ten in the morning and the master and miss lin are taking him to soochow to be buried . they expect to be home by the end of the spring .
the master told me to bring back the news and to give everyone his regards , and he said i was to ask her old ladyship for instructions . he also told me to see if you were getting on all right , ma ’ am ; and he said would i take some fur-¬lined gowns back with me for winter wear .
xi-feng turned to bao-yu with a smile :
the thought of her crying made him knit his brows and sigh .
she would have liked to follow him back home , but her duties were by no means over , and she was obliged to hold out until evening . then , back in her own apartment , she summoned him to her and asked him for full particulars of the journey . she looked out all jia lian ’ s furs , and she and patience sat up into the night getting them ready and packing them -together with anything else which careful thought suggested might be needed—for shiner to take back with him to his master .
mind you look after your master properly away from home , now . try not to make him angry .
and do always be on at him not to drink too much . and don ’ t encourage him to get mixed up with bad women . if , when you get back , i find out that you have done , i ’ ll break your legs !
by the time they got to bed it was well past one in the morning . to xi-feng it seemed as though she had barely lain down to sleep when it was dawn once more and time to get up again and wash and dress for another round of duties at ning-guo house .
the day of the funeral was now approaching and cousin zhen took an expert in geomancy with him in his carriage and drove out to the temple of the iron threshold to inspect the terrain and personally assist in the selection of a suitable rest¬ing-place for qin-shi ’ s coffin .
sublimitas hurriedly prepared a vegetarian supper for his visitors ; but cousin zhen had little heart for eating , and , as it was by now too late to return to the city , presently retired to a bed that had been made up for him in the monk ’ s quarters , leaving first thing next morning in order to press on with arrangements for the funeral . on his return he sent some work¬men out to the temple to refurbish the place he had chosen for the coffin .
he also sent out a number of kitchen staff to cater for the funeral party on its arrival . xi-feng , too , began to make her own careful preparations as the day of the funeral drew near . on the one hand she had to select coachmen and bearers from the rong-guo staff for the carriages and sedans that lady wang and the other rong-guo ladies would ride in in the procession .
she had to write to her parents and get things ready to send to them when her elder brother wang ren returned with his wife and children to the south . and when on top of all this jia lian ’ s young sister ying-chun fell ill and needed doctors ’ visits and medicines every day , it was xi-feng who had to puzzle over the diagnostic reports , discuss the patient ’ s symptoms with the learned physicians , and decide on the relative merits of rival prescriptions .
as a consequence she was far too busy to pay much attention to eating and drinking and could hardly sit or lie down for a moment in peace .
when she went to the ning-guo mansion she was followed around all the time by people from the rong-guo mansion , and when she went back to rong-guo house , members of the ning-guo establishment would trail after her .
yet although she was so busy , a passion to succeed and a dread of being criticized enabled her to summon up reserves of energy , and she man-aged to plan everything with such exemplary thoroughness that every member of the clan was loud in her praises .
wake night arrived—the night when no one in the family may go to bed—and ning-guo house was crowded with friends and relations . since you-shi was still confined to her room , it was left entirely to xi-feng to do the honours . there were , to be sure , a number of other young married women in the clan , but all were either tongue-tied or giddy , or they were so petrified by bashfulness or timidity that the presence of strangers or persons of higher rank threw them into a state of panic .
with the dawning of the day and the arrival of the hour deemed auspicious for its departure , sixty-four green-coated bearers arrived for the coffin , preceded by a great funeral banner bearing the following inscription :
honorary captain in the imperial bodyguard , inner palace , northern capital division . the costumes , insignia , and funeral trappings were all glitteringly new , having been specially made for the occasion .
jewel , acting in the capacity of unmarried daughter of the deceased , smashed a bowl on the floor at the foot of the coffin and as they bore it out walked in front with an impressive display of grief .
niu ji-zong ( earl , hereditary first rank ) , grandson of niu qing , duke of zhen-guo , liu fang ( viscount , hereditary first rank ) , grandson of liu biao , duke of li-guo , chen rui-wen ( maj.-general ) , grandson of chen yi , duke of qi-guo ,
the grandfathers of the above , together with the duke of shan-guo , whose grandson shi guang-zhu was in mourning for the dowager-duchess and unable to attend , and the dukes of rong-guo and ning-guo , had formed the well-known group often referred to by their contemporaries as the eight dukes ’ .
jiang zi-ning ( baron , hereditary second rank ) , grandson of the marquis of ping-yuan , xie kun ( baron , hereditary second rank , and lieutenant-colonel , metropolitan barracks ) , grandson of the marquis of ding-cheng ,
also present were the marquis of jin-xiang ’ s son han qi , general feng ’ s son feng zi-ying , general chen ’ s son chen ye-jun , general wei ’ s son wei ruo-an , and a large number of other young gentlemen of distinguished parentage .
as for lady guests , there were ten or so large and thirty or forty small palanquins , which together with the palanquins and carriages of the jia ladies brought the total number of equipages to at least a hundred and ten .
these , with the in-numerable bearers of insignia and other funeral trappings up at the front , formed a procession altogether more than a mile long . the procession had not advanced very far when it began to pass the decorated funeral bowers ’ and tables of offerings put up along the sides of the street by friends and well-wishers of the family .
the first of these bowers was the princess of dong-ping ’ s , the second was the prince of nan-an ’ s , the third was the prince of xi-ning ’ s , and the fourth that of the prince of bei-jing .
of the original holders of these four titles the prince of bei-jing had been highest in imperial favour by virtue of his great services to the crown .
as a consequence , the title and the style of prince ’ had been retained by his descendants . the present holder of the title , shui rong , was a youth still in his teens -a young man of great personal beauty and a modest and unaffected disposition . on receiving the announcement of the premature demise of the wife of one of the duke of ning-¬guo ’ s descendants , shui rong was reminded of the friendship that had formerly existed between the duke of ning-guo and his own ancestor—both having fought in the same campaigns and shared hardships and triumphs together—and resolved to lay aside all considerations of rank in demonstrating his sympathy for the bereaved .
two days previously he had paid a visit of condolence and made inquiries about the funeral arrangements , and now , today , intending to make a libation to the coffin as it went by , he had had his booth constructed at the road side and had instructed a number of his staff to wait there in readiness for his arrival .
at four o ’ clock that morning the prince had had to be present at the imperial palace for the early levée ; but , as soon as his business there was over , he changed out of court dress and into mourning and after getting into his great palanquin , was borne through the streets , preceded by gongs and umbrellas of state , to the place where his funeral bower had been erected . there his palanquin was set down and the gentlemen of his household ranged themselves on either side of it . the street was kept clear of traffic and pedestrians while he waited .
in a trice the forerunners had reported back to cousin zhen , who at once gave orders to the insignia bearers to halt , and hurrying forward with his uncles jia she and jia zheng , saluted the prince with full court etiquette .
the prince received their prostrations with a gracious smile and a slight inclination of his person inside the palanquin , and when he spoke to them it was not as a prince to a subject , but using the form of address he employed when speaking to family friends .
your highness , i am quite overwhelmed by the honour you do us in graciously condescending to be present at the funeral of my daughter-in-law , said cousin zhen .
thereupon he turned to the chamberlain of his household and ordered him to make offerings on his behalf .
the prince received their thanks with a most becoming modesty and by way of conversa¬tion asked jia zheng a question about bao-yu . which is the boy who was born with a stone in his mouth ?
i am sure he must be here today .
jia zheng at once withdrew to fetch bao-yu .
he made him first change into court dress before , leading him forward to meet the prince .
he had also heard that he was as handsome as he was clever and that he was a quite jolly , un¬conventional sort of person who refused to let either his royal birth or the conventions of official life constrain him . he had often wanted to meet him , but had been deterred by his father ’ s strictness from doing so . and now here was the prince of bei-jing asking to see him !
a feeling of pleasant anticipation filled him as he hurried forward with his father . he peeped up at the prince as they advanced and saw that he was , as report had painted him , an extremely good-looking young man .
but if you want to know about his interview with the hand¬some prince , you will have to read about it in the next chapter .
and qin zhong discovers the pleasures that are to
as a further token of mourning his robe , though heavily bordered with a tooth and wave ’ design of rainbow-coloured stripes and gold-em-blazoned with the royal five-clawed dragon , was of a white material . it was confined at the waist by a red leather belt , studded with green jade .
the splendid costume , the luminous eyes , the finely chiselled features really did make him an arrestingly handsome young man .
bao-yu was wearing a little silver coronet on the top of his head and a silver headband round his brow in the form of two dragons emerging from the sea . he had on a narrow-sleeved , full-skirted robe of white material and a silver belt inlaid with pearls . after studying these and admiring the flowerlike face and coal-black eyes , the prince ’ s face broke into a smile .
if bao-yu means precious jade , you are appropriately named , he said . but where is the famous stone you were born with ?
bao-yu hurriedly extracted the jade from inside his clothing and taking it off , handed it to the prince , who scrutinized it carefully , reciting the words of the inscription as he deciphered them . and does it really have these powers ? it is only alleged to , jia zheng put in hastily .
we have never put them to the test .
the prince pronounced the stone a great wonder and with his own hands refastened its plaited silken cord round bao-yu ’ s neck .
then , taking one of bao-yu ’ s hands in his own , he asked him how old he was , what books he was studying , and other such questions , to all of which bao-yu gave prompt replies . delighted that everything bao-yu said was so clear and to the point , the prince observed to jia zheng that the young phoenix was worthy of his sire .
jia zheng smiled politely . my son is doubtless unworthy of the compliment your highness is good enough to pay him .
there is only one drawback in possessing such charm , said the prince . i am sure it must make his grandmother dote upon him ; and , unfortunately , being the object of too much affection is very bad for people of our years . it leads us to neglect our studies .
if he does find difficulty in working at home , he would be very welcome to come round to my palace . i do not pretend to be a gifted person myself ; but i am fortunate in counting distinguished writers from all over the empire among my acquaintances , and my palace is a rendezvous for them when they are in the capital , so that i never want for intellectual company .
jia zheng bowed deferentially .
the prince of bei-jing removed a rosary from his wrist and handed it to bao-yu . today is our first meeting , but as it was an unforeseen one , i have not come prepared with a suitable gift . all i can offer you is this rosary made of the aromatic seeds of some indian plant .
bao-yu took the rosary and turning back offered it respect¬fully to jia zheng , who made his son loin him in formally thanking the prince for his gift . at this point jia she and cousin zhen knelt before the prince and invited him to return . the departed is now in paradise , said the prince .
though i enjoy imperial favour and princely rank , i would not presume to go past her carriage~ heavenly honours take precedence over earthly ones ! when they saw that the prince was adamant , jia she and the test bowed their thanks , then , having ordered the musicians to vail their instruments and march by in silence , they caused the front part of the procession and the hearse to pass over the junction . as soon as the hearse had gone over , the prince and his retinue crossed in the other direction , after which the rear part of the procession moved forward and caught up with the rest .
the liveliness which attended the procession during the whole of its progress through the city reached a climax as it ap¬proached the city gate , for it was along this last stretch that the colleagues and office juniors of jia she , jia zheng and cousin zhen had arranged their bowers , and it was necessary to stop and thank each one of them as they made their offerings to the passing hearse .
cousin zhen went round with jia rong to the senior men among the mourners and invited them to proceed from there onwards by the transport provided .
the upshot was that those of jia she ’ s generation got into carriages and sedans , while cousin zhen and the younger men mounted on horseback .
xi-feng was worried about bao-yu . out in the country , she thought , he was liable to become wild and disobedient . she felt sure that he would get up to some kind of mischief now that he was removed from jia zheng ’ .s restraint .
accordingly she sent one of her pages to summon him , and presently he rode up to her carriage .
bao-yu at once dismounted and climbed up into the carriage , and the two of them drove on , laughing and chattering as they went . they had not been driving very long when two horse¬men galloped up beside them , dismounted , and leaning into the carriage , informed xi-feng that they were now near her stopping-place , in case she wished to get out and stretch her legs ’ .
xi-feng sent them on ahead to ask lady xing and lady wang for instructions . the latter sent back word that they had no desire to stop , themselves , but that xi-feng was wel¬come to do so if she wished .
xi-feng accordingly gave orders for a short halt . at once the pages led the horses out of the main stream of traffic and headed northwards down a small side-road . bao-yu hurriedly sent someone off to fetching zhong , who was riding along behind his father ’ s sedan .
as the page came hurrying up and asked him to stop with bao-yu for a little refreshment , he turned round and saw bao-yu ’ s horse in the distance , jogging along in a northerly direction with an empty saddle on its back behind xi-feng ’ s carriage , and he realized that bao-yu must be inside the carriage with xi-feng .
turning lils horse ’ s head about , he hurried after , and followed them into the gateway of a farm . apart from the barns and outhouses , the farmhouse con¬sisted of little more than a single large room , so that there was nowhere the farmer ’ s womenfolk could go to be out of the way of the visitors . the sudden appearance in their midst of xi-feng , bao-yu and qin zhong with their fashionable clothes and delicate city faces seemed to these simple countrywomen more like a celestial visitation than a human one .
as soon as they were inside the thatched central building , xi-feng asked the boys to amuse themselves outside . bao-yu realized that she needed to be alone , and conducted qin zhong and the pages on a tour of the farmyard .
now i can understand the words of the old poet , he said :
each grain of rice we ever ate
at that moment they came to an outhouse in which was a kang with a spinning-wheel on it . bao-yu was even more intrigued .
that ’ s for spinning yarn with to make cloth out of , said the pages .
bao-yu at once got up on the kang and had just started to turn it when a country lass of seventeen or eighteen summers came running up :
you ’ ll spoil ir ! she was shouted at fiercely by the pages , but bao-yu had already stayed his hand .
i ’ ve never seen one before .
you don ’ t know how to turn it properly , said the girl .
qin zhong gave bao-yu a sly tug : a comely damosel , thinkest thou nottest ? shut up , or i ’ ll clout you !
suddenly an old woman ’ s voice called out from the other side of the yard : come here at once my gal . the girl jumped up from her spinning and hurried over .
when the three had taken their fill of these refreshments and everything had been cleared away and re¬packed by the servants , they rose up and got back into their carriage . outside in the yard brightie handed the farmer ’ s family their payment , which he had brought with him ready-wrapped in coloured paper , and the womenfolk hurried up to the carriage to express their thanks .
bao-yu scanned their faces carefully , but could not see his spinning-girl amongst them . they had not driven far , however , when he caught sight of her at the end of the village . she was standing watching for him beside the road , a baby brother in her arms and two little girls at her bide .
bao-yu could not repress a strong emotion on seeing her , but sitting there in the carriage there was not much he could do but gaze back at her soulfully ; and soon , as the carriage bowled along at a smarter pace , ertie was lost to sight for ever . with talk and laughter to beguile them , the journey passed quickly .
soon they had caught up with the main procession ; soon the sound of drums and cymbals was heard and they could see ahead of them the banners and umbrellas of the monks from the temple of the iron threshold who had come out in procession and lined either side of the road to welcome them ; and soon they were inside the temple , where further ceremonies awaited them , a new staging having been erected for this purpose .
the coffin was installed in one of the side-chapels leading off the inner hall , and jewel arranged her sleeping-quarters near by to continue her watch over it . in the outer hall cousin zhen was busy attending to his guests , some of whom were staying on , while others wished to leave immediately . to each he tendered formal thanks for their trouble in coming .
they , too , left in order of precedence and had not finally dispersed until around two o ’ clock . only members of the clan and a few very close friends stayed behind to see the ceremonies through to their conclusion two days later . lady xing and lady wang were among those who left .
but bao-yu , after his first taste of the countryside , was extremely loth to return and begged to stay with xi-feng ; so lady wang went without him , leaving him in xi-feng ’ s charge . the temple of the iron threshold was a private foundation of the dukes of ning-guo and rong-guo which still had some land of its own in which members of the clan who died in the capital could be given temporary burial .
the thoughtful dukes had provided accommodation not only for the dead but also for the living , in the form of guest-rooms in which mourners might temporarily reside until their funereal busi¬ness was over what the old gentlemen had not foreseen was that their multitudinous progeny would come in time to exhibit differences of wealth and temperament so extreme as often to render their possessors mutually intolerable and that , whereas the more hard-up members of the clan gladly occupied the accommodation provided , the more affluent or preten-tious found it inconvenient ’ to stay there and preferred to seek alternative accommodation in the farmsteads and con-vents round about . xi-feng was among those who found the iron threshold accommodation inconvenient ’ .
wheat-cake priory ’ ( so-called because of the excellent steamed wheat bread made in its kitchens ) was the popular name for water-moon priory , an offshoot of water-moon abbey situated at no great distance from the temple of the iron threshold .
presently , when the monks had finished their service and the evening offering of tea had been made , cousin zhen sent jia rong in to xi-feng with a message inviting her to retire .
qin zhong had attached himself to the other two when his father qin bang-ye , unable by reason of his age and frail state of health to risk a night away from home , had gone back to the city , leav¬ing him to await the conclusion of the requiem services on his own . they soon arrived at the priory and were met by euergesia , who had brought her two little disciples benevolentia and sapientia to welcome them . as soon as the first greetings were over , xi-feng retired to her room to wash and change .
it is on account of mr. hu ’ s good lady , said the old nun . she has lately been brought to bed of a boy , and sent us ten taels of silver for a three-day recital of the lake of blood sutra by some of the sisters to purge the stain of childbirth . we have been so busy with the arrangements that we haven ’ t had time to call .
let us leave xi-feng in conversation with the prioress and turn to the other two . qin zhong and bao-yu were amusing themselves in the main hall of the priory when sapientia happened to pass through . here ’ s sappy , said bao-yu with a meaningful smile .
said qin zhong .
just ask her to pour me out a cup of tea , will you , and then we ’ ll let the subject drop .
why can ’ t you ask her yourself ?
why ask me to tell her ?
- sappy , pour us a cup of tea , will you ?
sapientia had been a regular visitor at the rong-guo mansion ever since she was a little girl and was familiar with all its inmates .
the innocence of her childish rompings with bao-yu and qin zhong had latterly , however—now that she had reached adolescence—given way to a more mature emotion . she had fallen in love with qin zhong , whose every feature and lineament now inspired her with romantic feelings ; and qin zhong , captivated by her developing charms , had responded by loving her back .
although nothing serious had as yet passed between them , in their inclinations and affections they were already united .
give it to me , sappy !
said qin zhong .
i must have honey on my hands i ’ bao-yu snatched the cup before qin zhong could do so and began drinking . he was about to say something when benevo¬lentia came in and fetched sapientia away to help her lay the table .
she was back again presently to invite the two boys to tea and cakes ; but neither of them felt much enthusiasm for such feminine repasts , and after sitting a short while for the sake of politeness , were soon off to amuse themselves else¬where .
xi-feng , too , soon left , and retired to her private room to rest , euergesia accompanying her .
by this time the older servants , seeing that there was nothing further for them to do , had one by one drifted off to bed , leaving only a few personal maids , all of whom were in xi-feng ’ s confidence , in attend¬ance .
there is something i have been meaning to call at your house and ask her ladyship about , but i should like to have your opinion on it first before i see her .
when i was a nun at the treasures in heaven convent in chang-an , one of the convent ’ s benefactors was a very wealthy man called zhang , who had a daughter called jin-ge .
a certain young mr. li , who is brother-in-law to the governor of chang-an , met her once when she was making an incense¬ offering in our temple and took a violent liking to her . he at once sent someone to the parents to ask for her hand in marriage , but unfortunately she was already betrothed to the son of a captain in the chang-an garrison and the betrothal-presents had already been accepted .
the zhangs would have liked to cancel the betrothal but were afraid that the captain would object , so they told .
but oh dear ! young mr. li wouldn ’ t take no for an answer , and the zhangs were quite at their wit ’ s end , being now in trouble with both parties .
he refused out¬fight to take back the betrothal-gifts and straightway began an action for breach of promise . by now the zhangs were really upset and sent to the capital for some moral support - for they are now quite determined to break off their daughter ’ s en¬gagement , seeing that the captain has been so unreasonable .
well , it occurred to me that the area commander for chang-an , general yun , is on very good terms with your husband ’ s family , and i thought i might try to find some way of persuading her ladyship to talk to sir zheng about this and get him to write a letter to general yun and ask him to have a word with this captain . it is hardly likely that he would refuse to obey his commanding officer .
the only difficulty is that lady wang doesn ’ t touch this kind of thing any more . if her ladyship won ’ t , what about you , mrs lian ?
i ’ m not short of money ; and besides , i don ’ t touch that sort of thing either .
it ’ s a pity i let the zhangs know that i was going to talk to you about this , she said . now if you don ’ t do this favour for them , they will never believe that it is because you haven ’ t the time or don ’ t want the money ; they will take it as a sign that you are not able .
this put xi-feng on her mettle .
you know that i ’ ve never believed all that talk about hell and damnation .
tell them that if they are prepared to pay out three thousand taels of silver , i will undertake to relieve them of their trouble .
mind you , said xi-feng , i ’ m not one of your money-grubbing run-ofhe-miii go-betweens . i ’ m not doing this for the money . every bit of this three thousand taels will go into the pockets of my boys or towards their expenses .
if it was money i wanted , i could lay my hands on thirty thousand taels at this very moment .
we may as well get it over and done with . you can see how busy i am and how impossible it is for me to get away , said xi-feng . i ’ ve told you i ’ ll do it , and so i will - in my own time .
a little thing like this might seem a great deal of trouble to some people ; ’ said the old nun artfully , but even if it involved more than it does , it would still be nothing to a capable person like you , mrs lian . you know what they say : the able man gets little leisure that ’ s why her ladyship leaves everything to you . she knows how capable you are .
meanwhile qin zhong had taken advantage of the darkness and the fact that there was no one much about to prosecute his designs on sapientia .
he found her on her own in one of the rooms at the back of the priory washing up tea-things . throwing his arms around her from behind , he gave her a kiss .
if you won ’ t let me , i ’ ll just lie down and die ! if you want me , said sapientia , you must first get me out of this hole and away from these people .
but distant water is no cure for a present thirst ...
and with that he blew out the light , plunging the room into inky darkness , and carried sapientia on to the kang .
then there was a splutter of suppressed laughter and they knew that it was bao-yu . what do you think you ’ re playing at ? said qin zhong crossly , as he scrambled to his feet .
look , be a good chap !
i ’ ll do anything you say as long as you promise not to shout .
we won ’ t say any more about it just now , said bao-yu genially .
wait until we are both in bed and i ’ ll settle accounts with you then .
bedtime soon came and they partially undressed and settled down for the night , xi-feng in an inner room and bao-yu and qin zhong in an outer room adjoining it . as there were numerous old women on night duty lying about everywhere on the floor wrapped up in their bedding , xi-feng was afraid that the magic jade ’ might disappear in the course of the night ; so as soon as bao-yu was in bed she sent someone to fetch it from him , and put it under her own pillow for safety .
next day someone arrived from grandmother jia and lady wang to see how bao-yu was getting on . he was coun¬selled to dress up well against the cold and to come back home if there was nothing further to do . bao-yu was most unwilling to return on his own account , and his unwillingness was re¬inforced by the promptings of qin zhong , who was anxious to see more of sapientia and urged him to ask xi-feng for another day .
the main business of the funeral was now over , but a sufficient number of minor matters still remained to be done to justify their staying on another day if they wanted to . three arguments in favour of staying presented themselves to her mind : 1.it would be a gesture of considerateness to cousin zhen which would increase his indebtedness to her .
my own business here is all finished now , but if you want to amuse yourselves a bit longer , i suppose i must resign myself to staying . however , we definitely must go back tomorrow .
accordingly it was settled that they should stay for one more night .
xi-feng immediately sent someone in great secrecy to explain euergesia ’ s business to brightie . brightie grasped the situation at once , hurried into town , sought out a public letter-writer , had a letter written in jia lian ’ s name to the captain ’ s commanding officer , and set off for chang-an over¬night bearing the spurious missive with him .
the general ’ s name was yun guang . he was indebted to the jia family for a number of past kindnesses and was only too pleased to be of service to them in a matter of such trifling importance .
but that part of his mission is omitted from our story . when their second day at the priory was over , xi-feng and the boys took leave of euergesia , and as she said good-bye , xi-feng told the prioress to call at the rong-guo mansion m two days ’ time to hear the news from chang-an . this parting was an unbearably painful one for sapientia and qin zhong , and all sorts of secret vows were exchanged and whispered contracts made before they could tear them¬selves apart .
xi-feng called in at the temple of the iron threshold on the way back to see that everything was in order .
their return , and the events which followed it , will be dealt with in the following chapter . jia yuan-chun is selected for gorious promotion to the imperial bedchamber
next morning bao-yu found that his outer study had now been finished and was ready for use .
he looked forward to beginning night-work in it with qin zhong , in . accordance with a promise they had made each other . but unfortunately qin zhong ’ s always sickly constitution had been much neglected during their two-day excursion into the country , and the unwonted exposure to wind and cold and immoderate indulgence in secret frolic with sapientia had resulted on his return in a cough and chill accompanied by total loss of appetite .
although bao-yu was very dis¬appointed , there was nothing at all he could do but wait for his friend to get better . xi-feng had now received yun guang ’ s reply to the bogus letter , expressing his readiness to comply with her ( or , as he supposed , jia lian ’ s ) request .
euergesia communicated this information to the zhangs ; and soon the captain , swallowing his anger and resentment as best he could , was obliged to receive back the betrothal gifts he had sent them on behalf of his son .
but jin-ge possessed a far nobler spirit than might have been expected in the daughter of such mercenary parents . on learning that her affianced had been sent packing , she quietly went off and hanged herself in her scarf . the captain ’ s son , too , turned out to be a young person of unexpectedly romantic notions , for on hearing that jin-ge had hanged her¬self , he promptly threw himself into a river and was drowned .
the only gainer was xi-feng , who now had three thousand taels of silver to sit back and enjoy at her leisure . not an inkling of this affair reached the ears of lady wang . emboldened by this taste of success , xi-feng from now on undertook many more ventures ofa similar nature - far more than we could give an account of in this history .
the day of jia zheng ’ s birthday arrived and all the members of the ning-guo and rong-guo households were gathered together to celebrate it . just as the festivities were at their height , one of the janitors from the main gate burst in on the assembled company : the master of the imperial bedchamber mr xia is on his way , sir , with an announcement from his majesty the emperor !
hurriedly giving orders for the players to halt their performance and for all traces of the feast to he cleared away , they caused a table with burning incense ( which would be required for the reading of the proclamation , if there was one ) to beset down in its place .
then , throwing open the centre of the three main gates , they knelt down in the entrance of the mansion to receive their visitor .
soon xia bing-zhong , the eunuch master of the bed-chamber , arrived on horseback with a retinue of eunuchs at his back .
there , with beaming countenance , he got down from his horse , climbed the steps , faced south and gave utterance to the following announcement : by order of his imperial majesty :
jia zheng is commanded to present himself at court im¬mediately for private audience with his imperial majesty in the hall of reverence .
having delivered this message he got straight back on to his horse without staying for so much as a cup of tea and rode away . still no wiser , jia zheng hurried into his court dress and hastened to the palace , leaving grandmother jia and the rest in an extreme state of alarm which they endeavoured ( un successfully ) to allay by dispatching a regular stream of mounted couriers post-haste to the palace to inquire for news .
about four hours later lai da , the chief steward of the rong-guo mansion , and three or four other stewards came panting into the inner gate and gasped out congratulations .
master ’ s orders , said lai da between breaths : will her old ladyship please bring their ladyships to the palace to give thanks to his majesty for the great favour he has shown us !
unable in her agitated state to remain indoors , grandmother jia had been waiting outside in the loggia , whither the others -lady xing , lady wang , you-shi , li wan , xi-feng , aunt xue and the girls - had also congregated to await news of jia zheng .
grandmother jia called lai da inside to explain his cryptic message in somewhat greater detail .
we servants were all waiting in an anteroom , lai da told her , and we had no idea what was going on inside .
your eldest young lady has been appointed chief secretary to the empress and is to become an imperial concubine . then after that master came out , too , and told us the same thing . i have to go off to the east palace now , he said , to see the prince .
now a great dressing-up began as each lady robed herself in the costume appropriate to her rank .
then off they went to the palace in four sedans one behind the other : grand¬mother jia ’ s at the head , then lady xing ’ s , then lady wang ’ s , and then you-shi ’ s .
jia she and cousin zhen also changed into court dress , and taking jia rong and jia qiang with them , accompanied grandmother jia to the palace as her male escort .
a short time previously the little nun sapientia had ab¬sconded from water-moon priory and made her way into the city to look for qin zhong .
the shock and anger of the discovery had brought on an attack of the illness from which the old gentleman was a chronic sufferer , and within only four or five days he had breathed his last . qin zhong had always been of a weak and nervous disposition and had still not fully recovered from his sickness when these events occurred . the severe beating followed by the overwhelming grief and remorse attendant on the death of his father from anger which he had himself provoked led to serious complications in his illness .
grand¬mother jia ’ s visit to the palace to give thanks , her return home , the visits of friends and relations to congratulate the family , the unwontedly cheerful bustle of the ning and rong households during the days that followed , the general satisfac¬tion that everyone in those households now seemed to feel—as far as bao-yu was concerned these things might just as well not have been : he viewed them with the eyes of an outsider .
but then there was jia lian ’ s and dai-yu ’ s homecoming to look forward to . the advent of the messenger sent on ahead to announce that they would be arriving next day produced the first glimmer of cheerfulness that bao-yu had so far shown .
on being questioned for further details the messenger told them that jia yu-cun was also returning to the capital to have an audience with the emperor . this was the doing of wang zi-teng , who had recommended him in a report to the throne for promotion to a metropdlitan post . as he was both a cousin ( albeit a remote one ) of .
jia lian and also dai-yu ’ s former teacher , it had been resolved that he should travel with them . lin ru-hai having been laid with his ancestors in the family burying-ground and his obsequies duly concluded , they would , if they had proceeded to the capital by the usual stages , have been arriving back some time in the following month ; but when jia lian heard the news about yuan-chun ’ s elevation , they bad decided to make greater speed , travelling by night as well as by day .
the journey had been smooth and uneventful .
having waited with great impatience until the early after-noon of the following day , bao-yu and the rest were rewarded with the announcement mr lian and miss lin have just arrived ! the joy of their reunion was , however , tempered with grief , because of the two deaths that had occurred since their parting , and for a while there was much loud weeping on either side .
she had brought a lot of books back with her and was soon busy superintending the sweeping out of her bedroom to accommodate them and arranging various objets d ’ art around it which had also formed part of her luggage . she had salvaged some paper , writing-brushes and other articles of stationery from her od home which she distributed as presents to bao-chai , ying-chun , bao-yu and the rest . bao-yu for his part hunted up the rosary of fragrant indian beads given him by the prince of bei-jing and offered it as a gift to dai-yu ; but she flung it back at him disdainfully :
i don ’ t want it !
so bao-yu was compelled to take it back again .
but let us now turn to jia lian .
when he had finished seeing everyone in the family , jia lian returned at last to his own apartment . xi-feng , though still so busy that she had not a moment ’ s leisure , had somehow contrived to find time to welcome back her wandering lord . congratulations , imperial kinsman !
you have had a tiring journey , imperial kinsman .
yesterday when the courier gave notice of your arrival , i prepared a humble entertainment to celebrate your homecoming . will the imperial kinsman graciously condescend to take a cup of wine with his handmaid ? jia lian replied in the same vein :
as they joked together , patience and the other maids came forward to welcome their master back , after which they served them both with tea . jia lian asked xi-feng about the events that had occurred during his absence and thanked her for looking after things so well while he was away .
i haven ’ t got the knowledge , and i ’ m too poor at expressing myself and too simple-minded - always inclined to take a ramrod for a needle , as they say . besides , i ’ m to soft-hearted for the job . anyone who says a few kind words can get the better of me .
and my lack of experience makes me so nervous .
she said i only refused out of laziness and unwillingness to learn . i don ’ t think she realizes even now the state i have been in— too seated to move or even to open my mouth for fear of saying or doing some-thing wrong . and you know what a difficult lot those old stewardesses are .
the tiniest mistake and they are all laughing at you and making fun ; the tiniest hint of favouritism and they are grumbling and complaining . you know their way of cursing the oak-tree when they mean the ash . those old women know just how to sit on the mountain-top and watch the tigers fight ; how to murder with a borrowed knife , or help the wind to fan the fire .
on top of that , as i am so young , i haven ’ t got much authority over them ; so it was all i could do to prevent them from ignoring me altogether . and to crown it all , when rong ’ s wife died cousin zhen kept coming round to see aunt wang and begging her on his knees to let me help out for a day or two next door .
i ’ m afraid i made a terrible mess of it—even worse than i did here .
when you see him tomorrow , do please try to make it up with him . tell him it ’ s because i ’ m young and inexperienced .
mrs. xue sent caltrop over to ask me about something .
i ’ ve already given her an answer and sent her back .
i couldn ’ t place her as any of the girls in our household , so in the course of conversation i asked aunt xue who she was . it seems that she ’ s the little maid they had that lawsuit about . she ’ s finally been given as chamber-wife to that idiot xue , now that she has been plucked and painted like a grown-up woman she really does look most attractive !
i should have thought that having just got back from hangchow and soochow and seen something of the world , you would have settled down a bit ; but i see you are still the same greedy-guts as ever .
throughout the whole of this last year there have been i don ’ t know how many alarms and excursions between him and poor aunt xue because she wouldn ’ t let him get his hands on caltrop . it wasn ’ t just her looks that made her concerned for the girl .
he ’ s waiting for you in the larger study . at once jia lian did up his gown and hurried out .
what on earth did mrs. xue want , sending caltrop here like that ? xi-feng asked patience as soon as he had gone .
just imagine ’ —she drew closer to xi-feng ’ s ear and lowered her voice— ’ of all the times she could have chosen to bring you the interest on that money , she had to pick on the very moment when the master has just got home !
and we all know what master is like where money is concerned : he ’ d spend the fat in the frying-pan if he could get it out ! once he found out that you had savings , he ’ d pluck up courage to spend them in no time . anyway , i took the money from her quickly and gave her a piece of my mind - which i am afraid you must have heard .
why , for no apparent reason , should mrs. xue choose a chamber-wife to send here the moment master gets back ? so it was you up to your tricks , you little monkey !
at this point jia lian came in again and xi-feng ordered her maids to serve the wine and various choice dishes to go with it .
they had not been drinking long when jia lian ’ s old wet-nurse , nannie zhao , walked in .
the young couple at once invited her to drink with them and tried to make her join them on the kang .
jia lian made a selection with his chopsticks from the dishes on the table , and after heaping up two platefuls , set them down on nannie zhao ’ s own little table for her to eat there by herself .
i think we should try to find a rather more imaginative , less obvious sort of name . i hope you gentlemen are all taking this in !
when the goddess nu wa melted down rocks to repair the sky , at baseless cliff in the great waste mountain she made thirty-six thousand five hundred and one blocks of stone , each a hundred and twenty feet high and two hundred and forty feet square .
she used only thirty-six thousand five hundred of these and threw the remaining block down at the foot of blue ridge peak . strange to relate , this block of stone after tempering had acquired spiritual understanding . because all its fellow blocks had been chosen to mend the sky and it alone rejected , it lamented day and night in distress and shame .
one day as the stone was brooding over its fate , it saw approaching from the distance a buddhist monk and taoist priest , both of striking demeanour and distinguished appearance .
they came up to the stone and sat down to chat .
when they saw the pure translucent stone which had shrunk to the size of a fan-pendant , the monk took it up on the palm of his hand and said to it with a smile :
you look like a precious object , but you still lack real value . i must engrave some characters on you so that people can see at a glance that you ’ re something special . then we can take you to some civilized and prosperous realm , to a cultured family of official status , a place where flowers and willows flourish , the home of pleasure and luxury where you can settle down in comfort .
the stone was overjoyed .
and where do you mean to take me ? don ’ t ask . the monk smiled .
you ’ ll find out all in good time .
with that he tucked the stone into his sleeve and hurried off with the taoist . but where they went no one knows .
after no one knows how many generations or aeons , a taoist known as reverend void , searching for the way and immortality , came to great waste mountain , baseless cliff and the foot of blue ridge peak . his eye fell on the inscription on a large stone which was still discernible and he read it through . it was an account of the stone ’ s rejection for repairing heaven , its transformation and conveyance to the world of men by the buddhist of infinite space and the taoist of boundless time , and the joys and sorrows , partings and encounters , warm and cold treatment from others it had experienced there .
unfit to mend the azure sky , i passed some years on earth to no avail ; my life in both worlds is recorded here ;
there followed the name of the region where the stone fell , the place of its incarnation , and the story of its adventures including trivial family affairs and light verses written to amuse idle hours . the dynasty , year and country ’ s name were , however , obliterated . the reverend void said to the stone : brother stone , you seem to think that your tale recorded here is interesting enough to merit publication .
in my view , in the first place , there is no way of finding out the dynasty and the year ; in the second , there is nothing here about worthy and loyal ministers and how they regulated the government and public morality . there are merely some girls remarkable only for their passion or folly , or else for their small gifts and trifling virtues which can not even compare with those of such talented ladies as ban zhao or cai yan.4 even if i were to transcribe it , it would hardly arouse much interest .
protested the stone with a smile . if there ’ s no way of finding out the date , you can easily ascribe this tale to some time in the han or tang dynasty . but since all novels do that , i think my way of dispensing with this convention and just dealing with my own adventures and feelings is more original .
why insist on a certain dynasty or definite date ? besides , most common people of the market-place much prefer light literature to improving books .
even worse are those writers of the breeze-and-moonlight school , who corrupt the young with pornography and filth . as for books of the beauty-and-talented-scholar type , a thousand are written to a single pattern and none escapes bordering on indecency . they are filled with allusions to handsome , talented young men and beautiful , refined girls in history ; but in order to insert a couple of his own love poems , the author invents stereotyped heroes and heroines with the inevitable low character to make trouble between them like a clown in a play , and makes even the slave girls talk pedantic nonsense .
much better are the girls i have known myself during my young days . i wouldn ’ t presume to rank them as superior to all the characters of earlier works , yet their stories may serve to dispel boredom and care while the few doggerels i have inserted may raise a laugh and add zest to wine . as for the scenes of sad partings and happy meetings , prosperity and decline , these are all true to fact and not altered in the slightest to cause a sensation or depart from the truth .
all their leisure is taken up with amorous adventures , material acquisition or trouble-making . what time do they have to read political and moral treatises ? i neither want people to marvel at this story of mine , nor do i insist that they should read it for pleasure ; i only hope they may find distraction here when they are sated with food and wine or searching for some escape from worldly cares .
so the taoist changed his name to the passionate monk and changed the title of the book from the tale of the stone to the record of the passionate monk .
later cao xueqin in his mourning-the-red studio pored over the book for ten years and rewrote it five times . he divided it into chapters , furnished headings for each , and renamed it the twelve beauties of jinling .
kong meixi of eastern lu suggested the title precious mirror of love .
penned with bitter tears ;
all men call the author mad ,
none his message hears .
now that the origin of the story is clear , let us see what was recorded on the stone .
long ago the earth dipped downwards in the southeast , and in that southeast part was a city named gusu ; and the quarter around changmen gate of gusu was one of the most fashionable centres of wealth and nobility in the world of men . outside this changmen gate was a certain ten-li street , off which ran the lane of humanity and purity ; and in this lane stood an old temple , which being built in such a narrow space was known from its shape as gourd temple .
beside this temple lived a gentleman named zhen fei , whose courtesy name was shiyin . his wife , née feng , was a worthy virtuous woman with a strong sense of propriety and right .
although neither very rich nor noble , their family was highly regarded in that locality . zhen shiyin had a quiet disposition . instead of hankering after wealth or rank , he was quite happy tending flowers , growing bamboos , sipping wine or writing poems spending his time very much like an immortal .
one thing alone was lacking : he was now over fifty but had no son , only a three-year-old daughter named yinglian .
one long hot summer day as shiyin was sitting idly in his study , the book slipped from his hand and , leaning his head on the desk , he fell asleep .
in dream he travelled to an unknown place , where he suddenly noticed a monk and a taoist approaching , talking together . he heard the taoist ask : where do you mean to take that stupid object ?
don ’ t worry , replied the monk .
so another batch of amorous sinners are bent on making trouble by reincarnation , commented the taoist . where will this drama take place ? it ’ s an amusing story .
in the west , on the bank of the sacred river , beside the stone of three incarnations there grew a vermilion pearl plant which was watered every day with sweet dew by the attendant shen ying in the palace of red jade . as the months and years went by and the vermilion pearl plant imbibed the essences of heaven and earth and the nourishment of rain and dew , it cast off its plant nature and took human form , albeit only that of a girl . all day long she roamed beyond the sphere of parting sorrow , staying her hunger with the fruit secret love and quenching her thirst at the sea of brimming grief .
he gave me sweet dew , said vermilion pearl , but i ’ ve no water to repay his kindness . if he ’ s going down to the world of men , i would like to go too so that if i repay him with as many tears as i can shed in a lifetime i may be able to clear this debt .
just then , as it happened , shen ying was seized with a longing to assume human form and visit the world of men , taking advantage of the present enlightened and peaceful reign . he made his request to the goddess of disenchantment , who saw that this was a chance for vermilion pearl to repay her debt of gratitude .
that certainly is odd , remarked the taoist . i ’ ve never heard of repayment with tears before .
that would be a worthy deed . exactly what i was thinking . but first we must take this stupid object to the palace of the goddess of disenchantment and clear all the formalities .
give her to me !
give her to me !
losing patience , shiyin clasped his daughter more tightly and was turning to reenter the house when the monk pointed at him and let out a roar of laughter . he then declaimed : fool , to care for this tender child :
beware what will follow the lantern feast , the vanishing like smoke when the fire burns out . shiyin , hearing this clearly , wondered what it meant . before he could ask , the taoist told the monk :
this is where our paths divide . each must go about his own business . three aeons from now i shall wait for you at mount beimang , and together we can go to the land of illusion to have this affair expunged from the register .
shiyin realized then that these were no ordinary men and regretted not having questioned them . his rueful reflections were cut short by the arrival of a poor scholar who lived next door in gourd temple . his name was jia hua , his courtesy name shifei , and his pen-name yucun .
a native of huzhou , he was the last of a line of scholars and officials . his parents had exhausted the family property and died leaving him alone in the world . since nothing was to be gained by staying at home , he had set out for the capital in the hope of securing a position and restoring the family fortunes .
nothing , was the reply . my little girl was crying , so i brought her out to play . you couldn ’ t have arrived at a better moment , as i was feeling thoroughly bored .
he told a servant to take his daughter inside , and led yucun into his study , where a boy served tea .
they had not exchanged many remarks when a servant hurried in to announce the arrival of a certain mr. yan .
then shiyin excused himself , saying , forgive my rudeness . do you mind waiting here for a few minutes ? don ’ t stand on ceremony , sir , said yucun , rising .
so after shiyin went to the front room yucun passed the time by leafing through some books , until he heard a young woman coughing outside . he slipped over to the window and looked out . it was a maid picking flowers .
she had uncommon features , bright eyes and graceful eyebrows , and although no great beauty she possessed considerable charm . yucun stared at her , spell-bound . just as she was leaving with her flowers , the girl abruptly looked up and caught sight of him .
his clothes were shabby yet he was powerfully built with an open face , firm lips , eyebrows like scimitars , eyes like stars , a straight nose and rounded cheeks . she turned away thinking to herself , he ’ s a fine-looking man for all his tattered clothes .
this must be the jia yucun my master keeps talking about , whom he ’ d gladly help if only he had the chance . yes , i ’ m sure it ’ s him , our family has no other friends who are poor . no wonder my master also says he ’ s a man who won ’ t remain long in this plight .
she could not resist looking back a couple of times .
presently the boy came back and let yucun know that the guest was staying to a meal . since this made it out of the question to wait any longer , yucun went through a passage to the side gate and left . and after the departure of mr. yan , shiyin did not trouble to invite him back .
in time the mid-autumn festival came round . after the family meal , shiyin had another table laid in his study and strolled over in the moonlight to the temple to invite yucun over .
ever since the zhens ’ maid had looked back that day , yucun flattered himself that she was well-disposed to him and thought of her constantly . as he gazed at the full moon , his thoughts turned to her again and he declaimed this verse : not yet divined the fate in store for me ,
my shadow in the wind is all i see , will she by moonlight keep me company ? if sensibility were in its power
he chanted the couplet : the jade in the box hopes to fetch a good price , the pin in the casket longs to soar on high .
i see you have high ambitions , brother yucun ! not in the least , replied yucun , somewhat embarrassed . i was merely reciting some lines by a former poet .
i don ’ t aspire so high . to what do i owe the pleasure of this visit ? tonight is mid-autumn , commonly known as the festival of reunion .
soon they had finished their tea and sat down to a collation of choice wine and delicacies . at first they sipped slowly , but their spirits rose as they talked and they began to drink more recklessly . the sound of flutes and strings could be heard from all the houses in the neighbourhood ; everywhere was singing ; and overhead the bright moon shone in full splendour .
the two men became very merry and drained cup after cup .
why didn ’ t you say so before ?
i ’ ve often wondered about this , but since you never mentioned it i didn ’ t like to broach the subject . if that ’ s how things are , dull as i am at least i know what ’ s due to a friend .
luckily the metropolitan examinations are coming up next year .
you must go as fast as you can to the capital and prove your learning in the spring test . i shall count it a privilege to take care of the travelling expenses and other business for you .
he sent his boy in to fetch fifty taels of silver and two suits of winter clothes . the nineteenth is a good day for travelling , he continued . you can hire a boat then and start your journey westward .
how good it will be to meet again next winter after you have soared up to dizzy heights .
yucun accepted the silver and clothes with no more than perfunctory thanks , then said no more of the matter but went on feasting and talking . they did not part until the third watch , when shiyin saw his friend off and returned to his room to sleep until the sun was high in the sky . then , remembering the previous night ’ s business , he decided to write yucun two letters of introduction to certain officials in the capital who might put him up .
but the servant sent to ask his friend over bought back word , the monk says that mr. jia left for the capital at the fifth watch this morning .
he asked the monk to tell you that scholars are not superstitious about lucky or unlucky days but like to act according to reason ; so he had no time to say goodbye in person . this shiyin had to accept .
in a flash the merry festival of lanterns came round and shiyin told his servant huo qi to take yinglian out to see the fireworks and ornamental lanterns .
when he came back she had gone . he made a frantic search for her all night .
she was the middle-aged couple ’ s only child , and her loss nearly drove them distracted . they wept day and night and were tempted to take their own lives . after a month ’ s grief shiyin fell ill , and then his wife .
then , on the fifteenth day of the third month , a fire broke out in gourd temple the monk preparing the sacrifice carelessly let a pan of oil catch fire and soon the window paper was alight .
since most of the nearby buildings had bamboo walls and were probably doomed to destruction , the flames spread from house to house until the whole street was ablaze like a flaming mountain . soldiers and civilians tried to put out the fire , but it was beyond control . the conflagration raged for a whole night and destroyed none knew how many houses before it burned itself out .
he and his wife decided then to go and live on their farm . but the last few year ’ s harvests had been ruined by flood and drought and the countryside was overrun by bandits who seized fields and land , giving the people no peace . the punitive expeditions by government troops only made matters worse .
you should know that all good things in this world must end , and to make an end is good , for there is nothing good which does not end .
one day the elder of the two maids was buying some thread at the gate when she heard men shouting to clear the street , and people said the new prefect had arrived to take up office .
she hid in the doorway to watch . first soldiers and runners marched past two by two .
then came a large sedan-chair in which was seated an official in a black gauze cap and red robe . the maid stared in surprise and thought : his face looks familiar . have i seen him somewhere before ?
but once back in the house she thought no more of the matter . that evening , just as they were going to bed , there came a loud knocking on the gate and a clamour of voices . messengers from the yamen ordered feng su to appear for questioning by the prefect .
to find out , read the next chapter . lady jia dies in the city of yangzhou leng zixing describes the rong mansion
my son-in-law ’ s name is zhen , but he left home a year or two ago to become a priest .
is he the man you want ? how would we know ?
we ’ re here on the prefect ’ s orders . if you ’ re his father-in-law , you must come and clear this up with his honour to save us another trip . giving feng su no chance to protest they dragged him off , while his whole household trembled , not knowing what this portended .
towards the end of the second watch he returned in the highest of spirits . asked what had happened , he told them : this new prefect , jia hua , is a native of huzhou and an old friend of my son-in-law .
when he passed our gate and saw our jiaoxing buying thread , he supposed that shiyin had moved his household here .
he seemed very upset when i explained all that had happened .
he asked after my granddaughter too and i told him she was lost on the feast of lanterns . never mind , said his honour . i ’ ll have a search made and i ’ m certain we shall find her .
at the end of our conversation , as i was leaving , he gave me two taels of silver .
and so the night passed .
early the next morning a messenger arrived from jia yucun with two packets of silver and four lengths of brocade for mrs. zhen as a token of gratitude .
there was also a confidential letter for feng su asking him to persuade mrs. zhen to let the prefect have jiaoxing as his secondary wife .
eager to please the prefect , he prevailed on his daughter to agree and that very same night put jiaoxing in a small sedan-chair and escorted her to the yamen . we need not dwell on yucun ’ s satisfaction . he gave feng su a hundred pieces of silver and sent mrs. zhen many gifts , urging her to take good care of her health while he ascertained her daughter ’ s whereabouts .
feng su went home and there we can leave him . now jiaoxing was the maid who had looked back at yucun that year in gusu , little dreaming that one casual glance could have such an extraordinary outcome . and so doubly kind was fate that within a year of marriage she bore a son ; while after another half year yucun ’ s wife contracted a disease and died , and then he made jiaoxing his wife , further improving her position .
a single chance hiatus
yucun , after receiving shiyin ’ s gift of silver that year , had left on the sixteenth for the capital . he did so well in the examinations that he became a palace graduate and was given a provincial appointment . he had now been promoted to this prefectship .
but although a capable administrator yucun was grasping and ruthless , while his arrogance and insolence to his superiors made them view him with disfavour . in less than two years they found a chance to impeach him . he was accused of ingrained duplicity , tampering with the rites and , under a show of probity , conspiring with his ferocious underlings to foment trouble in his district and make life intolerable for the local people .
the emperor , much incensed , sanctioned his dismissal . the arrival of this edict rejoiced the hearts of all officials in the prefecture .
after handing over his affairs he gathered together the capital accumulated during his years in office and moved his household back to his native place . having settled them there he set off , the wind on his back , moonlight in his sleeves , to see the famous sights of the empire . one day his travels again took him to yangzhou , where he learned that the salt commissioner that year was lin hai his courtesy name was lin ruhai - who had come third in a previous imperial examination and recently been promoted to the censorate .
he had been little more than a month in this present post . one of lin ruhai ’ s ancestors five generations earlier had been ennobled as a marquis . the rank had been conferred for three generations ; then , as the benevolence of the present gracious emperor far exceeded that of his noble predecessors , he had as a special favour extended it for one more generation , so that lin ruhai ’ s father had inherited the title as well .
now he was in his forties and his only son had died at the age of three the previous year .
he had several concubines but fate had not granted him another son , and he could not remedy this . by his wife , nee ’ jia , he had a daughter daiyu just five years old . both parents loved her dearly .
and because she was as intelligent as she was pretty , they decided to give her a good education to make up for their lack of a son and help them forget their loss . it so happened that yucun had caught a chill which laid him up in his inn for a month and more .
exhausted by his illness , and short of funds , he was searching for somewhere to recuperate . fortunately he had two old friends here who knew that the sale commissioner was looking for a tutor . upon their recommendation yucun was given the post , which provided the security he needed .
he was lucky , too , to have as pupil only one small girl accompanied by two maids . since the child was so delicate , her lessons were irregular and this meant that his duties were light . in a twinkling another year went by and then his pupil ’ s mother unexpectedly fell ill and died .
he had scarcely set foot inside the door when one of the men who was drinking there rose to his feet and accosted him with a laugh .
fancy meeting you here !
it was leng zixing , a curio-dealer whom he had met in the capital .
i ’ d no idea you were in these parts .
what a coincidence , meeting you here .
i went home at the end of last year and stopped here on my way back to the capital to look up an old friend . he was good enough to ask me to stay , and since i ’ ve no urgent business i ’ m breaking my journey for a couple of days . i shall go on about the middle of the month .
my friend ’ s busy today , so i came out for a stroll and stopped here to rest .
i ’ d no idea i ’ d run into you like this .
he made yucun sit down at his table and ordered more food and wine .
is there any news from the capital ? nothing much , replied zixing . but something rather curious has happened in the house of one of your noble kinsmen .
you have the same surname even if you don ’ t belong to the same clan . yucun asked to whom he alluded . the jia family of the rong mansion .
since the time of jia fu of the eastern han dynasty its branches have multiplied until now you find jias in every province .
impossible to keep track of them all . the rong branch and mine are , however , on the same clan register , but they ’ re so grand that we ’ ve never claimed relationship and are gradually drifting further and further apart .
both the ning and rong branches have declined . they ’ re not what they used to be .
it ’ s a long story .
last year when i was in jinling,1 said yucun , on my way to visit the six dynasty ruins i went to the stone city and passed the gates of their old mansions .
practically the whole north side of the street is taken up by their houses , the ning mansion on the east and the rong mansion adjoining it on the west .
true , there wasn ’ t much coming and going outside their gates , but over the wall i caught glimpses of most imposing halls and pavilions , while the trees and rockeries of the gardens behind had a flourishing , opulent look . there was nothing to suggest a house in decline . for a palace graduate you ’ re not very smart .
a centipede dies but never falls down , as the old saying goes . although they ’ re not as prosperous as before , they ’ re still a cut above ordinary official families . their households are increasing and their commitments are growing all the time , while masters and servants alike are so used to lording it in luxury that not one of them thinks ahead .
who would ’ ve thought that each new generation of this noble and scholarly clan is inferior to the last ? surely , countered yucun in surprise , a family so cultured and versed in etiquette knows the importance of a good upbringing ? i can ’ t vouch for our other branches , but i ’ ve always heard that these two houses take great pains over the education of their sons .
the duke of ningguo and the duke of rongguo were brothers by the same mother .
the elder of his two sons , jia fu , died at the age of eight or nine leaving the younger , jia jing , to inherit the title .
their elder son jia she inherited the title .
when jia daishan died , however , he left a valedictory memorial , and the emperor out of regard for his former minister not only conferred the title on his elder son but asked what other sons there were , granted jia zheng an audience , and as an additional favour gave him the rank of assistant secretary with instructions to familiarize himself with affairs in one of the ministries .
he has now risen to the rank of under-secretary . jia zheng ’ s wife , lady wang , bore him a son called jia zhu who passed the district examination at fourteen , married before be was twenty and had a son , but then fell ill and died . his second child was a daughter , born strangely enough on the first day of the year .
and for that reason his grandmother dotes on him .
his father was furious and swore he ’ d grow up to be a dissolute rake . because of this he ’ s not too fond of the boy , but the child ’ s still his grandmother ’ s darling . he ’ s seven or eight now and remarkably mischievous , yet so clever you won ’ t find his equal in a hundred .
you don ’ t know how he ’ s come into the world . i suspect his father is making a mistake as well if he thinks the boy depraved . to understand him you ’ d need to be widely read and experienced , able to recognize the nature of things , grasp the way and comprehend the mystery .
so in order to find some outlet these essences permeate human beings , who come into the world embodying both . such people fall short of sages or perfect men , but neither are they out-and-out villains . the pure intelligence with which they are endowed sets them above their myriad fellow creatures , but their perversity and unnatural behaviour sink them lower than other men too .
people of this type in the past were xu you , tao qian , yuan ji , ji kang and liu ling , the two families of wang and xie , gu kaizhi , chen shubao , the tang emperor minghuang , the song emperor huizong , liu tingzhi , wen tingyun , mi fu , shi yannian , liu yong and qin guan . more recent examples are ni zan , tang yin and zhu yunming . then there are others like li guinian , huang fanchuo , jing xinmo , zhuo wenjun , hongfo , xue tao , cui yingying and zhaoyun .
who doesn ’ t know him ?
the zhen and jia families are interrelated and on a very friendly footing , i ’ ve done business with the zhens a number of times . last year when i was in jinling , said yucun , someone recommended me to the zhens as a resident tutor . i was surprised to find their household so grand , yet it combined wealth with propriety .
but although my pupil was a beginner , he was harder to teach then a candidate for the provincial examination .
here ’ s an example of the absurd things he ’ d say : i must have two girls as company while i study , or i can ’ t learn character my brain gets muddled . he told his pages , the word girl is so honourable and pure , not even the supreme buddhist and taoist titles can compare with it .
you with your filthy mouths and stinking tongues must never violate it . before you utter this word , mind you rinse your mouths with clear water or fragrant tea .
if you don ’ t , your teeth will grow crooked and rip through your cheeks . he had a fearful temper and could be incredibly stubborn and obstreperous ; but as soon as classes were over and he joined the girls he became a different person -- - amiable , sensible and gentle . more than once , because of this , his father thrashed him within an inch of his life , but still that didn ’ t change him .
when the pain became too much for him , he would start yelling , sister !
once the girls in the inner chambers teased him saying , why do you call us when you ’ re being beaten ? do you want us to beg you off ?
you should have heard his answer .
he said , the first time i called i didn ’ t know it would ease the pain . but then i discovered that it worked like magic . so when the pain ’ s worst , i keep on calling sister .
his grandmother indulged him so unwisely that she was often rude to his tutor or blamed her son .
a boy like that is bound to lose the property he inherits and won ’ t benefit by the advice of teachers and friends .
the pity is , all the girls in his family are admirable . the three girls in the jia family aren ’ t bad either , rejoined zixing , jia zheng ’ s elder daughter yuanchun was chosen to be a lady-clerk in the palace of the heir apparent because of her goodness , filial piety and talents .
the second , yingchun , is jia she ’ s daughter by a concubine . the third , tanchun , is jia zheng ’ s daughter by a concubine .
the fourth , xichun , is the younger sister of jia zhen of the ning mansion .
the lady dowager is so attached to these grand-daughters that she makes them study in the rong mansion near her , and i hear good reports of them all . i prefer the zhen family ’ s way of giving their daughters the same sort of names as boys instead of choosing flowery names meaning spring , red , fragrant , or jade , remarked yucun . how could the jia family sink to such vulgarity ?
they named the eldest girl yuanchuns because she was born on new year ’ s day , and so the others have chun in their names too . but all the girls of the last generation had names like those of boys .
for proof , look at the wife of your respected employer mr. lin , the sister of jia she and jia zheng in the rong mansion .
her name , before she married , was jia min .
if you don ’ t believe me , check up when you go back .
yucun pounded the table with a laugh .
no wonder my pupil always pronounces mm as mi and writes it with one or two strokes missing . that puzzled me , but now you ’ ve explained the reason .
and no wonder she talks and behaves so differently from the general run of young ladies nowadays . i suspected she must have had an unusual mother .
if she ’ s a grand-daughter of the rong family that explains it . what a pity that her mother died last month .
she was the youngest of four sisters , but now she ’ s gone too .
it will be interesting to see what husbands they find for the younger generation .
just now you spoke of jia zheng ’ s son born with jade in his mouth , and mentioned a young grandson left by his elder son .
has he no sons ? after the birth of this son with the jade jia zheng had another by his concubine , but i know nothing about him .
so he has two sons and a grandson .
jia lian , the elder , is over twenty now .
two years ago he married a relative , the niece of jia zheng ’ s wife lady wang .
this jia lian , who has bought the rank of a sub-prefect , takes no interest in books but is a smooth man of the world , so he lives with his uncle jia zheng and helps him to manage his domestic affairs . since his marriage he ’ s been thrown into the shade by his wife , who is praised by everybody high and low . i hear she ’ s extremely good-looking and a clever talker .
these people we ’ ve been discussing are probably all pervaded by mixed essences of both good and evil . they are people of similar ways . never mind about good and evil , protested zixing .
we ’ ve been doing nothing but reckoning accounts for others . you must drink another cup . i ’ ve been talking so hard , i ’ m already slightly tipsy .
gossip goes well with wine . why not drink some more ?
yucun looked out of the window .
it ’ s growing late .
let ’ s stroll back and continue our conversation in town .
with that they paid the bill . they were on the point of leaving when a voice from behind called out : congratulations , brother yucun !
yucun turned to look .
but to know who it was , you must read the chapter which follows .
lin ruhai recommends a tutor to his
brother-in-law
the lady dowager sends for her motherless
yucun turned and saw that it was zhang rugui , a native of this place and his former colleague who had also been dismissed from his post for the same reason as himself , and had returned home to yangzhou . now there was word from the capital that a request for the reinstatement of former officials had been sanctioned , and he was busily pulling strings to find some opening .
re congratulated yucun the instant he saw him and lost no time , once greetings had been exchanged , in telling him the good news . yucun was naturally overjoyed , but after some hurried remarks each went his own way .
leng zixing , who had heard everything , at once proposed asking lin ruhai to enlist the support of jia zheng in the capital .
accepting his advice , yucun went back alone to verify the report from the court gazette . the next day he laid his case before lin ruhai .
what a lucky coincidence ! since my wife ’ s death my mother-in-law in the capital has been worried because my daughter has no one to bring her up . she has sent two boats with male and female attendants to fetch the child , but i delayed her departure while she was unwell .
i was wondering how to repay you for your goodness in teaching her : now this gives me a chance to show my appreciation .
set your mind at rest . i foresaw this possibility and have written a letter to my brother-in-law urging him to do all he can for you as a small return for what i owe you . you mustn ’ t worry either about any expenses that may be incurred -- - i ’ ve made that point clear to my brother-in-law .
yucun bowed with profuse thanks and asked : may i know your respected brother-in-law ’ s position ? i fear i am too uncouth to intrude on him . my humble kinsmen belong to your honourable clan .
they ’ re the grandsons of the duke of rongguo . my elder brother-in-law jia she , whose courtesy name is enhou , is a hereditary general of the first rank . my second , jia zheng , whose courtesy name is cunzhou , is an under-secretary in the board of works .
he is an unassuming , generous man who takes after his grandfather .
i ’ ve chosen the second day of next month for my daughter ’ s departure for the capital , continued ruhai .
it would suit both parties , surely , if you were to travel together ?
yucun promptly agreed with the greatest satisfaction , and took the gifts and travelling expenses which ruhai had prepared . his pupil daiyu , who had just got over her illness , could hardly bear to leave her father , but she had to comply with the wishes of her grandmother .
i am nearly fifty and don ’ t intend to marry again , ruhai told her , you ’ re young and delicate , with no mother to take care of you , no sister or brothers to look after you .
if you go to stay with your grandmother and uncles ’ girls , that will take a great load off my mind . how can you refuse ? so parting from him in a flood of tears , she embarked with her nurse and some elderly maid-servants from the rong mansion , followed by yucun and two pages in another junk .
in due course they reached the capital and entered the city . yucun spruced himself up and went with his pages to the gate of the rong mansion , where he handed in his visiting-card on which he had styled himself jia zheng ’ s nephew . jia zheng , who had received his brother-in-law ’ s letter , lost no time in asking him in .
yucun cut an impressive figure and was by no means vulgar in his conversation . since jia zheng was well-disposed to scholars and , like his grandfather before him , delighted in honouring worthy men of letters and helping those in distress , and since moreover his brother-in-law had recommended yucun , he treated him uncommonly well and did all in his power to help him .
the same day that he presented a petition to the throne yucun was rehabilitated and ordered to await an appointment . in less than two months he was sent to jinling to fill the vacated post of prefect of yingtian . taking leave of jia zheng he chose a day to proceed to his new post .
he isn ’ t up to it for the time being .
back in the rong mansion , daiyu alighted again .
the nurses led her eastwards , round a corner , through an entrance hall into a hall facing south , then passed through a ceremonial gate into a large courtyard .
the nurses led her eastwards , round a corner , through an entrance hall into a hall facing south , then passed through a ceremonial gate into a large courtyard .
daiyu realized that this was the main inner suite , for a broad raised avenue led straight to its gate . once inside the hall she looked up and her eye was caught by a great blue tablet with nine gold dragons on it , on which was written in characters large as peck measures : hall of glorious felicity .
on the left-hand table were a tripod , spoons , chopsticks and an incense container ; on the right one , a slender-waisted porcelain vase from the ruzhou kiln containing flowers then in season , as well as tea-bowls and a spittoon . below the kang facing the west wall were four armchairs , their covers of bright red dotted with pink flowers , and with four footstools beneath them .
the large kang by the window was covered with a scarlet foreign rug . in the middle were red back-rests and turquoise bolsters , both with dragon-design medallions , and a long greenish yellow mattress also with at each side stood a low table of foreign lacquer in the shape of plum-blossom .
the maids in attendance served tea , and as she sipped it she studied them , observing that their make-up , clothes and deportment were quite different from those in other families . before she had finished her tea in came a maid wearing a red silk coat and a blue satin sleeveless jacket with silk borders .
your uncle ’ s observing a fast today , said lady wang . you ’ ll see him some other time . but there ’ s one thing i want to tell you .
his red archer ’ s jacket , embroidered with golden butterflies and flowers , was tied with a coloured tasselled palace sash .
his red archer ’ s jacket , embroidered with golden butterflies and flowers , was tied with a coloured tasselled palace sash .
his red archer ’ s jacket , embroidered with golden butterflies and flowers , was tied with a coloured tasselled palace sash .
over this he wore a turquoise fringed coat of japanese satin with a raised pattern of flowers in eight bunches .
his court boots were of black satin with white soles .
his face was as radiant as the mid-autumn moon , his complexion fresh as spring flowers at down .
the hair above his temples was as sharply outlined as if cut with a knife .
his eyebrows were as black as if painted with ink , his cheeks as red as peach-blossom , his eyes bright as autumn ripples . even when angry he seemed to smile , and there was warmth in his glance even when he frowned .
round his neck he had a golden torque in the likeness of a dragon , and a silk cord of five colours , on which hung a beautiful piece of jade .
his appearance took daiyu by surprise .
how very strange !
it ’ s as if i ’ d seen him somewhere before . he looks so familiar .
baoyu paid his respects to the lady dowager and upon her instructions went to see his mother . he returned before long , having changed his clothes .
his short hair in small plaits tied with red silk was drawn up on the crown of his head and braided into one thick queue as black and glossy as lacquer , sporting four large pearls attached to golden pendants in the form of the eight precious things .
his coat of a flower pattern on a bright red ground was not new , and he still wore the torque , the precious jade , a lock-shaped amulet containing his buddhistic name , and a lucky charm .
below could be glimpsed light green flowered satin trousers , black-dotted stockings with brocade borders , and thick-soled scarlet shoes .
his face looked as fair as if powdered , his lips red as rouge . his glance was full of affection , his speech interspersed with smiles .
but his natural charm appeared most in his brows , for his eyes sparkled with a world of feeling .
someone subsequently gave an admirable picture of baoyu in these two verses written to the melody of the moon over the west river : absurdly he courts care and melancholy and raves like any madman in his folly ;
for though endowed with handsome looks is he ,
his heart is lawless and refractory . too dense by far to understand his duty , too stubborn to apply himself to study ,
unfit to bear the stings of poverty ,
first in this world for uselessness is he ,
with a smile at baoyu , the lady dowager scolded , fancy changing your clothes before greeting our visitor .
hurry up now and pay your respects to your cousin .
of course , baoyu had seen this new cousin earlier on and guessed that she was the daughter of his aunt lin . he made haste to bow and , having greeted her , took a seat . looking at daiyu closely , he found her different from other girls .
her dusky arched eyebrows were knitted and yet not frowning , her speaking eyes held both merriment and sorrow ; her very frailty had charm .
her eyes sparkled with tears , her breath was soft and faint . in repose she was like a lovely flower mirrored in the water ; in motion , a pliant willow swaying in the wind .
she looked more sensitive than bi gan , more delicate than xi shi . i ’ ve met this cousin before , he declared at the end of his scrutiny .
well , even if i haven ’ t , her face looks familiar . i feel we ’ re old friends meeting again after a long separation .
baoyu went over to sit beside daiyu and once more gazed fixedly at her .
no , said daiyu .
what ’ s your name ?
and your courtesy name ?
i ’ ll give you one then , he proposed with a chuckle .
the compendium of men and objects old and new says that in the west is a stone called dai which can be used instead of graphite for painting eyebrows .
most works , apart from the four books , are made up ; am i the only one who makes things up ?
then , to the mystification of them all , he asked daiyu if she had any jade . imagining that he had his own jade in mind , she answered , no , i haven ’ t .
i suppose it ’ s too rare for everybody to have . this instantly threw baoyu into one of his frenzies .
it can ’ t even tell good people from bad .
i don ’ t want this nuisance either . in consternation all the maids rushed forward to pick up the jade while the lady dowager in desperation took baoyu in her arms .
you wicked monster ! storm at people if you ’ re in a passion . but why should you throw away that precious thing your life depends on ?
what ’ s the fun of that ? even this newly arrived cousin who ’ s lovely as a fairy hasn ’ t got one either . that shows it ’ s no good .
and baoyu , convinced by her tale , let the matter drop . just then a nurse came in to ask about daiyu ’ s quarters . move baoyu into the inner apartment of my suite , said his grandmother .
daiyu had brought with her only nanny wang , her old wet-nurse , and ten-year-old xueyan , who had also attended her since she was a child .
since the lady dowager considered xueyan too young and childish and nanny wang too old to be of much service , she gave daiyu one of her own personal attendants , a maid of the second grade called yingge .
like yingchun and the other young ladies , in addition to her own wet-nurse daiyu was given four other nurses as chaperones , two personal maids to attend to her toilet and five or six girls to sweep the rooms and run errands .
nanny wang and yingge accompanied daiyu now to green gauze lodge , while baoyu ’ s wet-nurse , nanny li , and his chief maid xiren made ready the big bed for him in its outer room . xiren , whose original name was zhenzhu , had been one of the lady dowager ’ s maids .
baoyu knew that her surname was hua and remembered a line of poetry which ran , the fragrance of flowers assails men . so he asked his grandmother ’ s permission to change her name to xiren .
that night after baoyu and nanny li were asleep , xiren noticed that daiyu and yingge were still up in the inner room . she tiptoed in there in her night clothes and asked : why aren ’ t you sleeping yet , miss ?
please sit down , sister , invited daiyu with a smile . xiren sat on the edge of the bed . miss lin has been in tears all this time , she ’ s so upset , said yingge .
don ’ t take it to heart , said xiren . i ’ m afraid you ’ ll see him carrying on even more absurdly later . if you let yourself be upset by his behaviour you ’ ll never have a moment ’ s peace .
lady wang ’ s brother wang ziteng , having been informed of this , had sent these messengers to the rong mansion to urge them to invite the xue family to the capital .
but more of this in the next chapter .
an ill-fated girl meets an ill-fated man
daiyu and the other girls found lady wang discussing family affairs with messengers sent by her brother , and heard that her sister ’ s son was involved in a murder case .
since she was so occupied , the girls called on li wan .
li wan was the widow of jia zhu who had died young , but luckily she had a son , jia lan , just five and already in school . her father , li shouzhong , a notable of jinling , had served as a libationer in the imperial college . all the sons and daughters of his clan had been devoted to the study of the classics .
when he became head of the family , however , in the belief that an unaccomplished woman is a virtuous woman , instead of making his daughter study hard he simply had her taught enough to read a few books such as the four books for girls , biographies of martyred women , and lives of exemplary ladies so that she might remember the deeds of worthy women of earlier dynasties while devoting her main attention to weaving and household tasks . that was why he gave her the name li wan and the courtesy name gongcai . so this young widow living in the lap of luxury was no better off than withered wood or cold ashes , taking no interest in the outside world .
apart from waiting on her elders and looking after her son , all she did was to accompany the girls at their embroidery or reading . though daiyu was only a guest here , with cousins like these to keep her company she felt completely at home , except for worrying sometimes about her father .
no sooner had he taken up his post as prefect of yingtian than a charge of murder was brought to his court . it was a case of two parties claiming to have purchased the same slave girl , neither willing to give way , and in consequence one of them had been beaten to death .
yucun summoned the plaintiff for questioning .
the murdered man was my master , the plaintiff testified .
he bought a slave girl not knowing that she ’ d been kidnapped and paid for her in silver . our master said he ’ d take her home three days later because that would be a lucky day . then the kidnapper sold her on the sly to the xue family .
but the xues lord it in jinling with their money and powerful backing . a pack of their thugs beat my master to death , after which the murderers , master and men , disappeared without a trace , leaving here only a few people who weren ’ t involved .
i beg your honour to arrest the criminals , punish the evil-doers and help the widow and orphan . then both the living and the dead will be everlastingly grateful !
he was about to order his runners to arrest the criminals ’ relatives for interrogation , in order to find out the murderers ’ whereabouts and issue warrants for their arrest , when an attendant standing by his table shot him a warning glance . then yucun refrained and left the court in some bewilderment . back in his private office he dismissed everyone but the attendant , who went down on one knee in salute , then said with a smile :
your honour has risen steadily in the official world . after eight or nine years , do you still remember me ? your face looks very familiar , but i can ’ t place you .
the attendant smiled . high officials have short memories , he said . so you ’ ve forgotten the spot you started from , your honour , and what happened in gourd temple ?
at this disconcerting remark , the past came back to yucun like the crash of a thunder-bolt . now this attendant had been a novice in gourd temple . when the fire left him stranded he decided that work in a yamen would be easier and , having had enough of monastic austerity , instead of going to another temple he had taken advantage of his youth to grow his hair again and get this post .
no wonder yucun had failed to recognize him .
now , taking his hand , the prefect observed with a smile : so we are old acquaintances . he invited him to take a seat , but the attendant declined the honour .
besides , this is my private office . as we are going to have a good talk , how can you remain standing all the time ? then , deferentially , the attendant perched sideways on the edge of a chair .
and yucun asked why he had stopped him from issuing the warrants . now that your honour ’ s come to this post , said the attendant , surely you ’ ve copied out the officials ’ protective charm for this province ?
all local officials nowadays keep a secret list of the most powerful , wealthy and high-ranking families in their province . each province has such a list . because if unknowingly you offend one of these families , you may lose not only your post but your life as well .
in that case you won ’ t keep your job long .
there ’ s nothing difficult about this case , but out of deference to them it was never settled by your predecessor . with that he took a hand-written copy of the officials ’ protective charm from his pocket and handed it to yucun . it was a doggerel catalogue of the most notable families in that district with notes on their ancestry , ranks and family branches .
stables of gold . twenty branches descended from the duke of ningguo and the duke of rongguo .
not only can he count on the support of those three other families , he has plenty of influential friends and relatives both in the capital and in the provinces .
so whom is your honour going to arrest ?
if that ’ s so , how are we to settle the case ? i take it you know the murderer ’ s hiding-place ?
the attendant grinned . i know not only where the murderer has gone . i know the kidnapper who sold the girl , and i knew the poor devil who bought her .
let me put all the facts before you . the man who was killed , feng yuan , was the son of one of the minor local gentry . both his parents died when he was young and he had no brothers ; he lived as best he could on his small property .
up to the age of eighteen or nineteen he was a confirmed queer and took no interest in women . but then , no doubt as retribution for entanglements in a former life , he ran into this kidnapper and no sooner set eyes on this girl than he fell for her and made up his mind to buy her for his concubine . he swore to have no more to do with men and to take no other wife .
that was why he insisted on her coming to him three days later . who was to know that the kidnapper would sell her on the sly to the xues , meaning to abscond with the payment from both parties ? before he could get away with this , they nabbed him and beat him within an inch of his life .
both refused to take back their money -- - both wanted the girl .
then young xue , who will never give an inch to anyone , ordered his men to beat feng yuan into a pulp .
three days after being carried home he died .
young xue had already fixed on a day to set off for the capital . but happening to see this girl two days before leaving he decided to buy her and take her along , not knowing the trouble that would come of it . then , having killed a man and carried off a girl , he set off with his household as if nothing had happened , leaving his clansmen and servants here to settle the business .
a trifling matter like taking a man ’ s life wouldn ’ t frighten him away .
so much for him . but do you know who the girl is ?
she ’ s yinglian , the daughter of mr. zhen who lived next to gourd temple . exclaimed yucun in astonishment . so that ’ s who she is !
i heard that she was kidnapped when she was five .
we used to play with yinglian every day . although seven or eight years have passed and she ’ s now a good-looking girl of twelve or thirteen , her features haven ’ t changed and anyone who knew her can easily recognize her .
besides , she had a red birthmark the size of a grain of rice between her eyebrows , which makes me quite sure it ’ s her . as the kidnapper happened to rent rooms from me , one day when he was away i asked her outright . she ’ d been beaten so much she was afraid to talk ; she just insisted that he was her father , selling her to clear his debts .
so there ’ s no doubt .
it ’ s her , all right .
the day that young feng met her and paid down his silver , the kidnapper got drunk .
then yinglian sighed , at last my trials are over ! she started worrying again , though , when she heard feng wouldn ’ t be fetching her for three days . i was so sorry for her that as soon as the kidnapper went out i sent my wife to cheer her up .
my wife told her : mr. feng ’ s insistence on waiting for a lucky days is proof that he won ’ t be treating you like a servant .
besides , he ’ s a very fine gentleman , quite well-to-do , who never could abide women in the past , yet now he ’ s paid a fancy price for you . that all goes to show you ’ re quite safe .
just be patient for two or three days .
but this world is full of disappointments : the very next day she was sold to the xues . any other family wouldn ’ t have been so bad ; but this young xue , otherwise known as the stupid tyrant , is the most vicious ruffian alive , who throws money about like dirt . he started a big fight and then dragged her off by force more dead than alive .
as for her , after being knocked about all those years by the kidnapper she at last saw a way out with a man who loved her , and if she ’ d married him all would have been well ; but then this had to happen ! of course , xue ’ s family is richer than feng ’ s , but a profligate like xue pan is sure to have troops of maids and concubines and to be thoroughly debauched — he could never be as true to one girl as feng yuan . so this romance was an empty dream , a chance encounter between an ill-fated young couple .
well , enough of that . what ’ s the best way to settle this case ? your honour used to be shrewd enough in the past , said the attendant with a smile .
i heard that your appointment was due to the good offices of the jias and wangs , and this xue is related to the jias by marriage .
so why not sail with the stream and do them a good turn , settling this case in such a way that you can face them in future ? there ’ s much in what you say . but a man ’ s life is involved .
moreover , i ’ ve been re-instated by the emperor ’ s favour and am in fact beginning a new life . i should be doing my utmost to show my gratitude . how can i flout the law for private considerations ?
the attendant sneered : your honour is right , of course . but that won ’ t get you anywhere in the world today . remember the old sayings : a gentleman adapts himself to circumstances ’ and the superior man is one who pursues good fortune and avoids disaster .
i really can ’ t bring myself to do such a thing .
better think it over carefully . yucun lowered his head . after a long silence he asked : what do you suggest ?
it ’ s this . when your honour tries the case tomorrow , make a great show of sending out writs and issuing warrants . of course the murderer won ’ t be forthcoming and the plaintiff will press his case ; then you can arrest some of xue ’ s clansmen and servants for interrogation .
behind the scenes i ’ ll fix things so that they report xue pan ’ s death by sudden illness , and we ’ ll get his clan and the local authorities to testify to this . then your honour can claim to be able to consult spirits through the planchette .
have one set up in the court and invite both military and civilians to come and watch . you can say : the spirit declares that xue pan and feng yuan were enemies in a former existence who were fated to clash in order to settle scores ; that , hounded by feng yuan ’ s ghost , xue pan has perished of some mysterious disease ; that since this trouble was caused by the man who kidnapped the girl with such-and-such a name , he must be dealt with according to the law , but no one else is involved… and so on and so forth . i ’ ll see to it that the kidnapper makes a full confession , and when the spirit ’ s message confirms this , people will be convinced .
the xues are rolling in money . you can make them pay a thousand or five hundred taels for feng yuan ’ s funeral expenses . his relatives are insignificant people , and all they ’ re out for is money .
what does your honour think of this scheme of mine ? impossible , yucun laughed .
the next day a number of suspects were summoned to court and yucun cross-examined them carefully . he found that the feng family was indeed a small one and just out for more money for the funeral , but the case had been confused and left unsettled because of the stubborn xues ’ powerful connections . so yucun twisted the law to suit his own purpose and passed arbitrary judgement .
the fengs received a large sum for funeral expenses and made no further objections . once the case was settled yucun lost no time in writing to jia zheng and wang ziteng . commander-in-chief of the metropolitan garrison , to inform them that the charge against their worthy nephew was dropped and they need not worry about it any longer .
let us return now to young xue , who had bought yinglian and had feng yuan beaten to death .
he came of a scholarly jinling family , but having lost his father while still a child he was thoroughly spoiled by his mother as the only son and heir , with the result that he grew up good for nothing . for they were millionaires , in receipt of an income from the state treasury as purveyors for the imperial household .
young xue ’ s name was pan , his courtesy name wenqi , and since the age of five or six he had shown himself extravagant in his habits and insolent in his speech . at school he merely learned a few characters , spending all his time on cockfights , riding or pleasure trips . although a court purveyor , he knew nothing of business or worldly affairs but prevailed on his grandfather ’ s old connections to find him a well-paid sine-cure in the board of revenue and left all business to his agents and old family servants .
his widowed mother , née wang , was the younger sister of wang ziteng , commander-in-chief of the metropolitan garrison , and the sister of lady wang , wife of jia zheng of the rong mansion .
she was about forty years of age and xue pan was her only son . but she also had a daughter two years younger whose infant name was baochai , a beautiful , dainty girl of great natural refinement .
while her father was still alive he made her study , and she turned out ten times better than her brother . however , after her father ’ s death it was so clear that xue pan would prove no comfort to their mother that baochai gave up her studies and devoted herself to needlework and the household management , so as to share her mother ’ s burden and cares .
recently , to honour culture , encourage propriety and search out talent , in addition to selecting consorts and ladies-in-waiting the emperor in his infinite goodness had made the board compile a list of the daughters of ministers and noted families from whom to choose virtuous and gifted companions for the princesses in their studies . moreover , since the death of xue pan ’ s father , all the managers and assistants in the purveyor ’ s offices of different provinces had taken advantage of his youth and inexperience to start swindling , and even the business in the various family shops in the capital was gradually falling off . thus xue pan , who had long heard of the splendours of the capital , now had three pretexts for a visit to it : first , to escort his sister there for the selection ; secondly , to see his relatives ; and thirdly , to clear his accounts and decide on further outlay .
his real reason , of course , was to see the sights of the great metropolis .
he had long since packed his luggage and valuables and prepared local specialities of every kind as gifts for relatives and friends . an auspicious day for departure had just been chosen when he met the kidnapper who was selling yinglian and , struck by her good looks , promptly purchased her . when feng yuan demanded her back .
then entrusting the family affairs to some clansmen and old servants , he left with his mother and sister . to him a murder charge was just a trifle which could easily be settled with some filthy lucre . after some days on the road they were approaching the capital when word came of the promotion of his uncle wang ziteng to the post of commander-in-chief of nine provinces with orders to inspect the borders .
now he ’ s been upgraded and is leaving . it shows heaven is kind . he suggested to his mother , although we have some houses in the capital , none of us has lived there for ten years or more and the caretakers may have rented them out .
why go to such trouble ?
we can stay with your uncle or aunt . both of them have plenty of space . wouldn ’ t it be simpler to put up there first and take our time over opening up other houses ?
but uncle ’ s just been promoted and is going to the provinces , so his place is bound to be upside down . if we descend on him like a swarm of bees , it will look most inconsiderate . your uncle may be leaving for his new post , but there ’ s still your aunt ’ s house .
now that we ’ re here and your uncle ’ s getting ready to leave , your aunt jia is sure to press us to stay there .
i know what you ’ re after .
you ’ re afraid of being under restraint if you stay with your uncle or aunt . you ’ d prefer to be on your own , free to do as you please .
in that case , go and find yourself some lodgings . i ’ ve been parted all these years from your aunt and we old sisters want to spend a little time together . i shall take your sister there with me .
have you any objection to that ? realizing that he could not talk his mother round , xue pan had perforce to order his servants to make straight for the rong mansion . meanwhile lady wang , who had learned with relief of the dismissal , thanks to yucun , of the charge against xue pan , had been dismayed again by her brother ’ s promotion to a frontier post , for this confronted her with the lonely prospect of having none of her own family to visit .
but a few days later a servant suddenly announced that her sister had brought her son and daughter and whole household to the capital , and they were just alighting outside the gate .
we need not dwell on the mingled delight and sorrow of these two sisters meeting again in the evening of life or all their tears , laughter and reminiscences . lady wang took them in to pay their respects to the lady dowager , and they distributed the gifts they had brought . when the entire family had been introduced , a feast of welcome was spread for the travellers .
and after xue pan had paid his respects to jia zheng , jia lian took him over to call on jia she and jia zhen .
then jia zheng sent a message to his wife saying .
my sister-in-law has seen many springs and autumns , and my nephew is young and inexperienced . he may get into some scrapes if they live outside . the ten rooms and more in pear fragrance court in the northeast corner of our grounds are empty .
let us have them swept clean and ask your sister and her children to stay there . before lady wang could extend this invitation , the lady dowager also sent to urge , do invite your sister to stay here , so that we can all be close together .
aunt xue was only too glad to comply so as to have some check on her son , who was likely to get up to fresh mischief if they lived outside . she promptly accepted with thanks and in private intimated to lady wang that , if she was to make a long stay , she must be allowed to defray all her household ’ s daily expenses .
so aunt xue and her children moved into pear fragrance court . this court where the duke of rongguo had spent his declining years was small but charming , its dozen or so rooms including a reception hail in front and the usual sleeping quarters and offices behind .
it had its own entrance to the street which the xue household used , while a passage from a southwest gate led to the east courtyard of lady wang ’ s main apartment .
every day after lunch or in the evening , aunt xue would walk over to chat with the lady dowager or to talk over the old days with her sister . baochai spent her time with daiyu , yingchun and the other girls , very happy to read , play chess or sew with them .
only xue pan at first disliked this arrangement , for fear that his uncle would control him so strictly that he would not be his own master . he had to comply for the time being , however , because his mother had made up her mind to it and the jia family pressed them so hard to stay . none the less , he sent servants to make ready one of his own houses for when he decided to move .
to his relief , after less than a month he found himself on familiar terms with half the jia sons and nephews , and all the rich young men of fashion among them enjoyed his company . one day they would meet to drink , the next to look at flowers , and soon they included him in gambling parties or visits to the courtesans ’ quarters , with the result that xue pan rapidly became even ten times worse than before .
moreover the head of the clan was jia zhen , who as the eldest grandson of the duke of ningguo had inherited the title and was responsible for all clan affairs .
besides , jia zheng , occupied as he was by public and private business , was too easy-going to take mundane matters seriously , preferring to give all his leisure to reading and chess .
since pear fragrance court was two courtyards away from his quarters and had its own entrance to the street through which people could pass as they pleased , the young men caroused and enjoyed themselves just as they chose .
for these reasons , before very long xue pan gave up all thought of moving .
to know what followed , turn to the next chapter .
the fairy ’ s riddles the goddess of disenchantment in her kindness
as the plum blossom was now in full bloom in the ning mansion ’ s garden , jia zhen ’ s wife madam you invited the lady dowager , lady xing , lady wang and the others to a party to enjoy the flowers .
she brought jia rong and his wife with her to deliver the invitations in person , and so the lady dowager and the rest went over after breakfast . they strolled round the garden of concentrated fragrance and were served first with tea then wine ; but it was simply an informal gathering of the womenfolk of both houses for a family feast , with nothing of special interest to record .
at once jia rong ’ s wife qin keqing said with a smile : we have a room ready here for uncle baoyu . the old ancestress can set her mind at rest and leave him safely to me . she told his nurses and maids to follow her with their young master .
the lady dowager had every confidence in this lovely slender young woman who with her gentle , amiable behaviour was her favourite of all the great-grandsons ’ wives of the rong and ning branches . she was therefore sure baoyu would be in good hands . keqing led the party to an inner room , where baoyu noticed a fine painting of the scholar working by torchlight.1 without even seeing who the artist was , he took a dislike to the picture .
a grasp of mundane affairs is genuine knowledge , understanding of worldly wisdom is true learning .
if this isn ’ t good enough , where can we take you ? asked his hostess with a laugh .
baoyu nodded and smiled but one of his nurses protested :
it ’ s not proper for an uncle to sleep in his nephew ’ s room .
didn ’ t you see my brother who came last month ? he ’ s the same age as uncle baoyu , but if they stood side by side i ’ m sure he ’ d be the taller . why haven ’ t i met him ?
do bring him in and let me have a look at him .
he ’ s miles away , how can we bring him ? you ’ ll meet him some other time .
now , having reached the young matron ’ s room , they were meet at the threshold by a subtle perfume which misted over baoyu ’ s eyes and melted his bones . how good it smells here !
entering , he saw on the wall a picture by tang yin of a lady sleeping under the blossom of a crab-apple tree in spring . on the two scrolls flanking it , qin guan the song scholar had written :
coolness wraps her dream , for spring is chill ; a fragrance assails men , the aroma of wine .
on the dressing-table was a rare mirror from wu zetian ’ s hall of mirrors . in the gold tray by it , on which zhao feiyan once danced , was the quince thrown in fun by an lushan at lady yang,7 which had wounded her breast . at one end of the room stood the couch on which princess shouyang had slept in the hanzhang palace , and over it hung the curtains strung from pearls by princess tongchang .
with her own hands she spread a gauze coverlet washed by xi shi ’ 0 and arranged the bridal pillow carried by hongniang . then the nurses and attendants made baoyu lie down and slipped out leaving only four maids xiren , meiren , qingwen and sheyue to keep him company .
keqing told them to wait on the verandah and watch the kittens and puppies playing there .
baoyu fell asleep as soon as he closed his eyes and dreamed that keqing was before him .
absent-mindedly he followed her a long way to some crimson balustrades and white marble steps among green trees and clear streams , in a place seldom trodden by the foot of man , unreached by swirling dust .
if only i could spend my whole life here !
his fancy was running away ith him when he heard someone singing a song on the other side of a hill :
gone with the clouds spring ’ s dream .
baoyu realized that the voice was a girl ’ s and before the song had ended he saw the singer come round the hill and approach him . with her graceful gait and air she was truly no mortal being .
here is as proof her description : leaving the willow bank , she comes just now through the flowers . her approach startles birds in the trees in the court , and soon her shadow falls across the verandah .
her fairy sleeves , fluttering , give off a heady fragrance of musk and orchid .
with each rustle of her lotus garments , her jade pendants tinkle . her dimpled smile is peach-blossom in spring , her blue-black hair a cluster of clouds .
her lips are cherries and sweet the breath from her pomegranate teeth .
the curve of her slender waist is snow whirled by the wind . dazzling her pearls and emeralds and gosling-gold the painted design on her forehead .
sweet her face , compact of fragrance , carved in jade ; and she bears herself like a phoenix or dragon in flight .
spring plum-blossom glimpsed through snow .
autumn orchids coated with frost .
a pine in a lonely valley . sunset mirrored in a limpid pool . a dragon breasting a winding stream .
where was this wonder born , whence does she come ? verily she has no peer in fairyland , no equal in the purple courts of heaven . who can she be , this beauty ?
overjoyed by the apparition of this fairy , baoyu made haste to greet her with a bow . sister fairy , he begged with a smile , do tell me where you are from and whither you are going . i have lost my way .
my home is above the sphere of parting sorrow in the sea of brimming grief , she answered with a smile . i am the goddess of disenchantment from the grotto of emanating fragrance on the mountain of expanding spring in the illusory land of great void . i preside over romances and unrequited love on earth , the grief of women and the passion of men in the mundane world .
it is no accident that we have met .
my realm is not far from here . all i can offer you is a cup of fairy tea plucked by my own hands , a pitcher of fine wine of my own brewing , some accomplished singers and dancers , and twelve new fairy songs called a dream of red mansions .
forgetting keqing in his delight , baoyu followed the goddess to a stone archway inscribed : illusory land of great void . on either pillar was this couplet :
beyond this archway was a palace gateway with the inscription in large characters : sea of grief and heaven of love . the bold couplet flanking this read :
firm as earth and lofty as heaven , passion from time immemorial knows no end ; pity silly lads and plaintive maids hard put to
well , we , thought baoyu , i wonder what ’ s meant by passion from time immemorial ’ and debts of breeze and moonlight . from now on i ’ d like to have a taste of these things . little did he know that by thinking in this way he had summoned an evil spirit into his inmost heart .
he followed the goddess through the second gate past two matching halls on both sides , each with its tablet and couplet . he had no time to read them all but noticed the names : board of infatuation , board of jealousy , board of morning tears , board of night sighs , board of spring longing and board of autumn sorrows . may i trouble you , goddess , to show me over these different boards ?
they brought on themselves spring grief and
that ’ s why it ’ s called the first register . i ’ ve always heard that jinling ’ s a very large place , replied baoyu . why are there only twelve girls ?
in our family alone just now , if you count the servants , we must have several hundreds . true , there are many girls in your honourable province . only those of the first grade are registered here .
baoyu looked at the next two cabinets and saw written on them : second register of twelve beauties of jinhing and third register of twelve beauties of jinling . he opened the door of this last , took out the register and turned to the first page . this was covered by a painting in ink , not of any figures of landscape but of black clouds and heavy mist .
a clear moon is rarely met with , bright clouds are easily scattered ; her heart is loftier than the sky ,
her charm and wit give rise to jealousy , her early death is caused by calumny , in vain her loving master ’ s grief must be .
on the next page baoyu saw painted a bunch of flowers and a tattered mat , with the legend : nothing avail her gentleness and compliance , osmanthus and orchid with her fragrance vie ;
still baffled , baoyu put this volume aside and took out the first register .
this opened at a picture of fragrant osmanthus above withered lotus in a dried-up pond . by this was written : sweet is she as the lotus in flower ,
after the growth of a lonely tree in two soils her sweet soul will be dispatched to its final rest .
the first page had a painting of two withered trees on which hung a jade belt , while at the foot of a snowdrift lay a broken golden hairpin .
buried in snow the broken golden hairpin and hanging in the wood the belt of jade .
he knew the goddess would not enlighten him , yet he could not bring himself to put the book down . so he turned to a painting of a bow from which was suspended a citron .
for twenty years she arbitrates where pomegranates blaze by palace gates . how can the late spring equal the spring ’ s start ?
when hare and tiger meet , from this great dream of life she must depart . on the next page was a picture of two people flying a kite , while in a large boat out at sea sat a girl , weeping , covering her face with her hands .
with this were the lines : so talented and high-minded , she is born too late for luck to come her way .
through tears she watches the stream on the clear and bright day ; a thousand lithe east wind blows ,
nought avail her rank and riches ,
while yet in swaddling clothes an orphan lone ; in a flash she mourns the setting sun ,
the river xiang runs dry , the clouds over chu have flown . next was depicted a fine piece of jade dropped in the mud , with the verse :
she sinks at last in the mire . there followed a sketch of a savage wolf pursuing a lovely girl to devour her .
next was depicted a seated girl reading a sutra alone in an old temple . this had the legend :
she sees through the transience of spring , dark buddhist robes replace her garments fine ; pity this child of a wealthy noble house
who now sleeps alone by the dimly lit old shrine . next came a female phoenix perched on an iceberg , with the verdict : this bird appears when the world falls on evil times ;
after this was a lonely village with a pretty girl spinning in a humble cottage . the inscription read : when fortune frowns , nobility means nothing ;
as if in a daze he left the registers and followed her past pearl portières and embroidered curtains , painted pillars and carved beams .
words fail to describe those brilliant vermilion rooms , floors paved with gold , windows bright as snow and palaces of jade , to say nothing of the delectable fairy flowers , rare plants and fragrant herbs . as baoyu was feasting his eyes on these marvellous sights disenchantment called with a laugh : come out quickly and welcome our honoured guest . at once out came several fairies , lotus sleeves swaying , feathery garments fluttering , lovely as spring blossom , entrancing as the autumn moon .
but after a hundred years our good fortune is at an end , gone beyond recall . although we have many descendants , the only one fit to continue our work is our great-grandson baoyu .
but what delighted him most was the rouge by the window and the spilt powder left from a lady ’ s toilet . on the wall hung this couplet : spiritual , secluded retreat ,
they were introduced by their different appellations as fairy of amorous dreams , great mistress of passion , golden maid bringing grief , and saint of transmitted sorrow .
but no outsider can appreciate their subtle qualities , and i doubt whether you will really understand their meaning . unless you first read the text , they will seem to you as tasteless as chewed wax .
so in this world of sweet longing on a day of distress , in an hour of loneliness , fain would i impart my senseless grief
i alone recall the pledge between plant and stone . vainly facing the hermit in sparkling snow-clad hills i forget not the fairy in lone woods beyond the world .
holding cheap the charms of a noble family ’ s daughter , trampling on the precious child of a ducal mansion . alas , in less than a year her sweet soul fades away .
and what i like about you is that you are the most lustful man ever to have lived in this world since time immemorial .
besides , i ’ m still young and hardly know what that word means . don ’ t worry , said disenchantment .
hand in hand they walked out for a stroll . suddenly they found themselves in a thorny thicker infested with wolves and tigers . in front a black torrent barred their way and there was no bridge across .
if you had fallen in , then all my well-meant advice to you would have been wasted . even as she spoke there came a crash like thunder from the ford of infatuation as hordes of monsters and river devils rushed towards baoyu to drag him in . cold sweat poured off him like rain .
attendants promptly brought him a longan decoction and after sipping a couple of mouthfuls he got up to adjust his clothes . as xiren reached out to fasten his trousers for him , she touched his thigh and found it cold and sticky . she drew back in alarm and asked what was the matter .
your trouble is that your father gave you such a soft time of it when you were young that you ’ re a bad manager . when you have money you never look ahead ; when you ’ ve none you fly into a temper . that ’ s no way for a grown man to behave .
his wife was afraid to talk back , but granny liu was not going to stand for this . you mustn ’ t mind me butting in , son-in-law , she said .
do you want me to go out and steal ?
work out a plan , trust to buddha , and something may come of it for all you know . as a matter of fact , i ’ ve thought of a chance for you . in the old days you joined families with the wangs of jinling , and twenty years back they treated you not badly .
she ’ s now the wife of the second lord jia of the rong mansion .
why not go and try your luck ?
attracted by this suggestion , he laughed at his wife ’ s objection and proposed : since this is your idea , mother , and you ’ ve called on the lady before , why not go there tomorrow and see how the wind blows ?
that ’ s no problem . i ’ ll tell you what to do .
i know him too . but how will they receive me after all this time ?
i ’ m old enough not to mind risking a snub . if i have any luck we ’ ll all share it . and even if i don ’ t bring back any silver the trip won ’ t be wasted — i ’ ll have seen a little high life .
granny liu edged forward and said , greetings , gentlemen . the men surveyed her from head to foot before condescending to ask where she had come from . i ’ ve come to see mr. zhou who came with lady wang when she was married , she told them with a smile .
one of his family may come out by and by . an older man interposed , why make a fool of her and waste her time ?
what ’ s her job ? she ’ s the wife of zhou rui who came with lady wang .
then he called , auntie zhou ! here ’ s a granny asking for you . mrs. zhou hurried out to see who it was while granny liu hastened forward crying , sister zhou !
i came specially to see you , sister , and also to inquire after her ladyship ’ s health .
but since you ’ re related to her ladyship and have come to me for help as if i were someone , i ’ ll make an exception and take in a message for you . i must tell you , though , that things have changed here in the last five years .
in that case i must see her today . nowadays her ladyship can ’ t be troubled with much business , so whenever possible she leaves it to the young mistress to entertain visitors . even if you don ’ t see her ladyship you must see her , or your visit will have been wasted .
the second mistress is with lady wang . at once mrs. zhou urged granny liu to hurry .
after some last-minute instructions to her grandson , granny liu followed mrs. zhou by winding ways to jia lian ’ s quarters , then waited in a covered passageway while mrs. zhou went past the spirit screen into the court and , before xifeng ’ s return , explained who granny liu was to her trusted maid pinger , who had come here as part of xifeng ’ s dowry and then become jia lian ’ s concubine .
i don ’ t think she ’ ll blame me for taking too much on myself .
pinger decided to invite them in to sit down and accordingly mrs. zhou went out to fetch them . as they mounted the steps to the main reception room , a young maid raised a red wool portière and a waft of perfume greeted them as they entered . granny liu did not know what it was but felt she was walking on air .
granny liu and baner were given seats on the kang , while pinger and mrs. zhou sat face to face on the edge . maids brought tea and as she sipped it the old woman heard a steady tock-tock-tock like the sound made by a flour-bolting machine .
next mrs. zhou came to beckon them with a smile . granny liu at once lifted her grandson off the kang and led him into the hall .
after some whispered advice from mrs. zhou she followed her slowly into xifeng ’ s room . a soft scarlet flowered portière hung from brass hooks over the door , and the kang below the south window was spread with a scarlet rug .
against the wooden partition on the east were a back-rest and bolster of brocade with chain designs next to a glossy satin mattress with a golden centre . beside them stood a silver spittoon . xifeng had on the dark sable hood with a pearl-studded band which she wore at home .
she finally asked . then , raising her head to take the tea , she saw mrs. zhou with her two charges before her . she made a motion as if to rise and greeted them with a radiant smile , scolding mrs. zhou for not speaking up before .
this is the old lady i was just telling you about , said mrs. zhou . by now granny liu had seated herself on the edge of the kang , and baner took refuge behind her .
she asked mrs. zhou if she had notified lady wang . i was waiting for madam ’ s instructions , was the reply .
go and see how busy she is . if she has visitors , never mind . but if she ’ s free , let her know and see what she says .
as xifeng nodded , mrs. zhou came back .
after mrs. zhou left on this errand , xifeng told the maids to give baner some sweetmeats . she was asking granny liu questions when pinger announced the arrival of a number of servants to report on affairs in their charge . i have a guest .
if they have any business they should tell you , madam . i ’ ve no special business , put in granny liu . i just came to call on her ladyship and madam lian , seeing as how we ’ re related .
but as i ’ ve come all this way to ask your help , i ’ d better speak up .
haven ’ t you plenty of stuff of your own over there ? nothing half as good . please , aunt , be kind !
she ordered pinger to fetch the keys to the upstairs rooms and find trustworthy people to deliver the screen . i ’ ve brought men to carry it . jia rong ’ s face lit up , his eyes twinkled .
well , what did your dad tell you ? what did he send us here for ? was it just to eat sweets ?
at once xifeng ordered a meal for the visitors . mrs. zhou passed on the order and a table was set for them in the east room . sister zhou , see that they have all they want , said xifeng .
i can ’ t keep them company . when mrs. zhou had taken them to the east room , xifeng called her back to hear what lady wang had said . her ladyship says they don ’ t really belong to our family , mrs. zhou told her .
since they mean well , coming to see us , we shouldn ’ t slight them . if they need help , madam should use her own discretion . i was thinking , if we were really relatives it was funny i didn ’ t know the first thing about them .
exclaimed mrs. zhou . what possessed you when you saw her to keep on about your nephew ’ ? at the risk of offending you i must say this : even if he were a real nephew you should have glossed it over .
do you ask the name of the one he meets ? it is qin whose home is south of the yangtze river . after seeing off granny liu , mrs. zhou went to report to lady wang .
if you ’ ll tell me , miss , we ’ ll keep it in mind and recommend it to others with the same trouble . that would be a good deed . well , better not ask .
well , we were lucky enough to collect all the ingredients and have them carefully made up within two years of the monk ’ s telling us . we brought the pills up from the south . they ’ re buried under one of the pear trees now.~~
wait a minute , she said with a smile . i ’ ve something for you to take back .
she ’ s a handsome girl . reminds me of master rong ’ s wife in our east mansion .
so that ’ s it . as soon as the abbess arrived , yu xin ’ s wife hurried over and whispered with her for a while .
pinger took out four sprays and went off with them , returning presently with two which she ordered caiming to take to master rong ’ s wife in the ning mansion .
who can we get to help us out ? i thought as much , said her mother . a fuss about nothing .
in fact she settled the matter that same evening by applying to xifeng . when the lamps were lit and xifeng had disrobed , she went to see lady wang .
don ’ t talk like a fool ! fetch him in at once or i ’ ll give you a good slap .
he bowed shyly to xifeng and inquired almost inaudibly after her health . xifeng nudged baoyu delightedly and cried , now you must take a back seat . she leaned forward to take the young stranger ’ s hand and made him sit down beside her , then began questioning him about his age and the books he was studying .
then tea and refreshments were served . we two shan ’ t be drinking any wine , said baoyu .
if he says anything he shouldn ’ t , please overlook it for my sake . he ’ s a stubborn boy for all his shyness and likes to have his own way .
presently xifeng and madam you sent to remind baoyu , if he wanted anything to eat from their room , just to ask for it .
madam you sighed . not even the master can control him , let alone your cousin zhen .
because of these services , he was treated with special consideration in our great-grandfather ’ s time and nobody likes to interfere with him now . but since growing old he has no regard for appearances . he does nothing but drink and when he ’ s drunk he abuses everyone .
what ’ s come over you ? you not only listen to drunken raving but have to ask questions too . just wait until we get back and i tell your mother — you ’ ll pay for this with a thrashing .
his nurses and maids were waiting to take off his ceremonial clothes , but he went out again without changing . they followed him through the second gate under the impression that he was going back to the other mansion , instead of which he turned northeast round the back of the hall . there , however , he ran into two of his father ’ s proteges , zhan guang and shan pinren , who hurried forward smiling .
they hurried forward at sight of baoyu and stood at respectful attention . one of them , qian hua , who had not seen baoyu for some time , stepped forward and fell on one knee . smiling slightly , baoyu quickly helped him up , while one of the other men said cheerfully :
people admire them so much they asked us to get them some . they ’ re not worth having , protested baoyu , laughing . but you can ask my pages for some if you want .
but get up here quickly on the warm kang . she ordered hot tea to be served .
it ’ s warmer there . go and keep her company and i ’ ll join you as soon as i ’ m through here . baoyu promptly slipped off the kang and went to his cousin ’ s door , before which hung a somewhat worn red silk portière .
lifting this he stepped inside . baochai was sewing on the kang . her glossy black hair was knotted on top of her head .
i let you see mine , dear cousin , he countered coaxingly . cornered like this , baochai answered , as it happens , there is a lucky inscription on it . otherwise i wouldn ’ t wear such a clumsy thing all the time .
won ’ t you give me one to try ? don ’ t be silly ! you don ’ t take medicine for the fun of it .
your aunt ’ s prepared refreshments in the other room . i ’ ll send a maid for your cape and tell your pages not to wait .
wasn ’ t i right ? as soon as i come , he must go . when did i say a word about going ?
and i ’ m always the one that gets into trouble . don ’ t worry , poor old thing , said aunt xue , laughing . go and have a drink yourself .
think i was freezing to death here ? zijuan was afraid you might be cold , miss , so she asked me to bring it over . nursing the stove in her arms daiyu retorted , so you do whatever she asks , but let whatever i say go in one ear and out the other .
one doesn ’ t know whether to be cross or laugh . don ’ t be afraid , my child , said aunt xue . i ’ ve nothing good to offer you , but i ’ ll feel bad if you get a fright which gives you indigestion .
as they took their leave their wraps were brought , and baoyu bent his head for a maid to help him on with his hood . she shook out the crimson hood and started slipping it over his head .
did you get them all right ? don ’ t ask !
i ’ ll take them for my grandson . she got somebody to send them home for her .
just because she suckled me for a few days when i was small , she carries on as if she were more important than our own ancestors . i don ’ t need a wet-nurse any more , why should i keep an ancestress like this ? send her packing and we ’ ll all have some peace and quiet .
you live so far away , she said , in hot or cold weather you may find the journey too much . you are welcome to stay here and must make yourself at home . stay with your uncle baoyu , and don ’ t get into mischief with those lazy young rascals .
because qin was remotely connected with the jia family , they arranged a match and she became jia rong ’ s wife . qin zhong was born when his father was over fifty .
what an idea ! there ’ s nothing like study , if you don ’ t want to be a failure in life and get nowhere . just remember to keep your mind on your books in class , and out of class to think of the people at home .
at least that ’ s my idea . do think it over .
don ’ t get into mischief with the other boys . it would be no joke if you were caught by the master . i know they say you should give your whole heart to study , but don ’ t overdo it or you ’ ll bite off more than you can chew and your health will suffer .
don ’ t worry , baoyu assured her . i know how to take care of myself outside .
a few years at school and your worthy son is sure to show his mettle and make a name . he ’ s not a child any more .
recognizing li gui , the son of baoyu ’ s old wet-nurse , jia zheng demanded , what has he learned all the time you ’ ve attended him at his lessons ?
he hurried away as soon as he saw them emerging from the house . li gui and the others , dusting off their clothes , asked , did you hear that ? he ’ s going to flay us alive .
from this day onward the two of them became inseparable , going to school and leaving it together . and thanks to the lady dowager ’ s partiality , qin zhong often stayed for a few days with the jia family .
he left his eldest grandson jia rui in charge . qin zhong took advantage of the fact that nowadays xue pan had virtually stopped coming even to roll-call to make eyes at sweetie and secretly signal to him . having asked to be excused , they went out to the back courtyard for a quiet chat .
can ’ t we talk if we want to ? if you can talk , why can ’ t i cough ?
it would look very inconsiderate to disturb the principal over such a little thing when he ’ s busy . trouble should be settled on the spot , i say . there ’ s no need to go and disturb the old gentleman .
mrs. jia huang is his aunt on the father ’ s side .
i shall go and see her about this . he ordered mingyan to come in and wrap up his books . the page did so , saying exultantly , why go yourself , sir ?
and jia rui , afraid of being incriminated if this went any further , had to pocket his grievance and ask qin zhong and baoyu to forget it . after holding out for some time baoyu said , all right , i won ’ t tell if un rong apologizes . at first jin rong refused .
that flunkey qin zhong is only ha rong ’ s brother-in-law , not a son or grandson of the jia family , he fumed .
dr. zhang diagnoses keqing ’ s illness with heavy pressure on him and orders from jia rui to apologize , un rong had to appease baoyu by kowtowing to qin zhong . then school was dismissed and he went home , where the more he brooded the angrier he grew .
the next day be went back to school as if nothing had happened . now jin rong ’ s paternal aunt had married jia huang of that generation of the family which used the jade ( yu ) radical in personal names . needless to say , not all members of the clan were as wealthy as those in the ning and rong mansions .
how can some people suck up like that to the rich ?
yes , sir , said jia rong .
do sit down !
asked lady xing .
it ’ s your turn to pick a couple of good ones for us .
xifeng rose to signify obedience . taking the list she read through it and marked the resurrection and the rhapsody handing it back she observed , when they ’ ve finished this double promotion there ’ ll be just time enough for these two .
yes , said lady wang .
especially as this is a worrying time for them . you come over so seldom , protested madam you , i do hope you ’ ll stay a bit longer .
it ’ s early yet .
they ’ ve gone to drink in the pavilion of lingering dawn , replied one of the matrons .
i wonder what they ’ re up to behind our backs ?
so they laughed and chatted till the plays came to an end , when the wine was taken away and rice brought in .
after the meal they returned to the drawing-room for tea , then ordered their carriages and took their leave of old mrs. you .
they were seen to their carriages by madam you , attended by all the concubines and maids , and there they found the young men waiting with jia zhen . the latter urged lady xing and lady wang to come back again the next day , but lady wang declined .
we ’ ve spent the whole day here and we ’ re tired .
after jia zhen and the others had gone indoors , li gui led round baoyu ’ s horse and the boy mounted it and followed his mother home .
when jia zhen and all the young men had dined , the party broke up ; and there is no need to describe the entertainment they offered all their kinsmen the next day .
and ha rui , calling several times on xifeng , invariably found she had gone to the ning mansion .
the thirtieth day of the eleventh month would be the winter solstice .
as it approached , the lady dowager , lady wang and xifeng sent daily to inquire after keqing and were told each time that she was neither better nor worse .
it ’ s a hopeful sign , lady wang told the lady dowager , if an illness grows no worse at a season like this .
yes , of course , replied the old lady .
if anything were to happen to the dear child , i ’ m sure it would break my heart .
in her distress she sent for xifeng and said , you and she have always been good friends .
tomorrow ’ s the first of the twelfth month , but the day after that i want you to call on her and see just how she is .
if she ’ s any better , come and tell me .
xifeng promised to do this and after breakfast on the second she went to the ning mansion to see keqing .
although the invalid appeared no worse , she had grown very thin and wasted . xifeng sat and chatted with her for some time , assuring her that she had no cause for alarm .
whether i ’ ll ever recover or not we ’ ll know when spring comes , said keqing . maybe i shall , for the winter solstice has passed and i ’ m no worse . please tell the old lady and lady wang not to worry .
we ’ ll send you some more tomorrow , offered xifeng .
now i must go to see your mother-in-law before hurrying back to tell the old lady how you are .
she went to sit with madam you who asked , tell me frankly , how did you find her ?
xifeng lowered her head for a while .
there seems to be little hope , she said at last . if i were you i ’ d make ready the things for the funeral .
that may break the bad luck .
but i can ’ t get any good wood for you know what , so i ’ ve let that go for the time being .
after drinking some tea and chatting a little longer . xifeng said she must go back to report to the lady dowager .
don ’ t break it to her yet , said madam you . we don ’ t want to alarm the old lady .
home again , she told the lady dowager , rong ’ s wife sends her respects and kowtows to you . she says she ’ s better and you mustn ’ t worry . when she ’ s a little stronger , she ’ ll come herself to kowtow and pay her respects .
how did she seem ? for the present there ’ s nothing to fear .
she ’ s in good spirits .
the lady dowager thought this over , then said , go and change your clothes now and rest . xifeng withdrew and reported to lady wang before going back to her room . pinger helped her into the informal clothes she had warming by the fire .
then xifeng , taking a seat , asked what had happened during her absence .
lai wang ’ s wife came with the interest on that three hundred taels , which i put away .
and master rui sent round again to ask if you were in , as he wanted to pay his respects .
let him come , said xifeng .
i know how to deal with him .
what happened to jia rui when he came is told in the next chapter . xifeng sets a vicious trap
jia rui looks into the wrong side
while xifeng was talking to pinger , jia rui was announced .
overjoyed at being received , he hastened in and greeted her effusively , beaming with smiles .
the sight of her in informal dress threw him into raptures .
why isn ’ t second brother lian home yet ? i wouldn ’ t know , xifeng replied .
gazing amorously at her he asked :
men are like that .
how many are there like you ?
not one in ten .
i keep wishing someone would drop in for a chat to cheer me . i have plenty of time . suppose i were to drop in to amuse you every day ?
now you ’ re joking , she replied archly .
you wouldn ’ t want to come and see me . i mean every word i say .
may a thunderbolt strike me if i don ’ t ! i didn ’ t dare come before because i was told you were very strict and took offence at the least little thing .
now i see how charming and how kind you are , you may be sure i ’ ll come , even if it costs me my life . you ’ re certainly much more understanding than jia rong and his brother . they look so refined one would expect them to be understanding , but they ’ re stupid fools with no insight at all into other people ’ s hearts .
inflamed by this praise , he edged closer . staring at the purse hanging from her girdle , he asked if he might look at her rings .
now , you ’ d better go .
now , you ’ d better go .
assuming that this time all would go well , jia rui went off . having got rid of him , xifeng held a council of war and baited her trap while the young man waited at home impatiently , for to his annoyance one of their relatives called and stayed to supper . by the time he left the lamps were being lit , and jia rui had to wait for his grandfather to retire before he could slip over to the rong mansion and wait in the place appointed .
he paced the room frantic as an ant on a hot griddle , but there was no sight or sound of anyone .
just then a dark figure appeared . sure that it was xifeng , he threw caution to the winds and barely had the figure stepped through the door than he flung himself on it like a ravenous tiger , or a cat pouncing on a mouse .
he carried her to the kang , where he showered kisses on her and fumbled with her clothes , pouring out incoherent endearments . not a sound came from the figure in his arms .
jia rui had just pulled down his pants and prepared to set to work when a sudden flash of light made him look up . there stood jia qiang , a taper in his hand .
the figure on the kang said with a chuckle , uncle rui was trying to bugger me . when jia rui saw that it was jia rong , he wished he could sink through the ground .
oh , no you don ’ t !
i was sent here to catch you . i found you on top of him , you can ’ t deny it . so come along with me to lady wang !
dear nephew , he pleaded , do tell her you couldn ’ t find me .
i ’ ll pay you well for it tomorrow .
i might do that . depends how much you ’ re willing to pay . i can ’ t just take your word for it , i must have it down in writing .
how can i put a thing like this down in writing ?
that ’ s no problem . just write that you borrowed so much silver from the bank to pay a gambling debt .
but i ’ ve no paper or brush . that ’ s easy . jia qiang disappeared for a moment and promptly returned with writing materials , where upon the two of them forced jia
rui to write and sign an i. o. u. for fifty taels which jia qiang pocketed . when he urged jia rong to leave , however , the latter at first absolutely refused and threatened to lay the matter before the whole clan the next morning , jia rui kowtowed to him in desperation . however , with jia qiang mediating between them , he was forced to write another i. o. u. for fifty taels of silver .
i ’ ll get the blame if you ’ re seen leaving , said jia qiang . the lady dowager ’ s gate is closed , and the second master is in the hall looking over the things which have arrived from jinling , so you can ’ t get out that way . you ’ ll have to go through the back gate .
let me see if the coast is clear .
i ’ ll find you somewhere to wait .
he blew out the light and dragged jia rui out to the foot of some steps in the yard . here ’ s a good place , he whispered .
squat down there until we come back and don ’ t make a sound .
as the two others left , jia rui squatted obediently at the foot of the steps .
he was thinking over his predicament when he heard a splash above him and a bucket of slops was emptied over his head . a cry of dismay escaped him . but he clapped one hand over his mouth and made not another sound , though covered with filth from head to foot and shivering with cold .
then jia qiang hurried over calling :
at this reprieve , jia rui bolted through the back door to his home . by now the third watch had sounded , and he had to knock at the gate . the servant who opened it wanted to know how he came to be in such a state .
i fell into a cesspool in the dark , lied jia rui . back in his own room he stripped off his clothes and washed .
afterwards , however , although he still longed for xifeng , he steered clear of the rong mansion . both jia rong and jia qiang kept dunning him for payment , so that his fear of being found out by his grandfather and the hopeless passion which consumed him were now aggravated by the burden of debts , while he had to work hard at his lessons every day . the unmarried twenty-year-old , constantly dreaming of xifeng , could not help indulging in finger-play .
all this , combined with the effect of two nights of exposure , soon made him fall ill. before a year was out he suffered from heartburn , loss of appetite , emissions in his urine and blood in his phlegm ; his legs trembled , his eyes smarted ; he was feverish at night and exhausted by day .
the doctors who were called in dosed him with dozens of catties of cinnamon , aconitum roots , turtle-shell , liriope , polygonatum and so forth -- -but all to no effect . with the coming of spring he took a turn for the worse .
and when pure ginseng was prescribed this was beyond jia dairu ’ s means : he had to ask for help from the rong mansion .
lady wang told xifeng to weigh out two ounces for him .
all our recent supply was used the other day in the old lady ’ s medicine , said xifeng . you told me to keep the remaining whole roots for general yang ’ s wife , and as it happens i sent them round yesterday . if we ’ ve none , send to your mother-in-law ’ s for some .
if you can save the young man ’ s life , that will be a good deed .
to lady wang , however , she reported that she had collected two ounces and sent them over .
one day a lame taoist priest came begging for alms and professes to have specialized in curing diseases due to retribution . jia rui heard him from his sick-bed .
at once , kowtowing on his pillow he loudly implored his servants to bring the priest in . when they complied he seized hold of the taoist and cried : save me , bodhisattva !
he cried out :
let me take the mirror with me !
these were the last words he uttered .
the attendants had simply observed him look into the mirror , let it fall and then open his eyes and pick it up again . this time , however , when the mirror fell he did not stir . they pressed round and saw that he had breathed his last .
at once they laid him out and made ready the bier , while his grandparents gave way to uncontrollable grief and cursed the taoist . this devilish mirror !
jia she and jia zheng of the rong mansion contributed twenty taels each towards the expenses , and jia zhen of the ning mansion did the same .
others gave three or five taels according to their means , while the families of jia rui ’ s schoolmates collected another twenty or thirty taels .
so jia dairu , although not well-off , was able to conduct the funeral in style . and then , at the end of winter , a letter came from lin ruhai saying that he was seriously ill and wished to have his daughter sent home . this increased the lady dowager ’ s distress , but they had to prepare with all speed for daiyu ’ s departure ; and although baoyu was most upset he could hardly come between her and her father .
the lady dowager decided that jia lian should accompany her granddaughter and bring her safely back . we need not dwell on the presents and arrangements for the journey , which naturally left nothing to be desired . a day was quickly chosen on which jia lian and daiyu took their leave of everyone and , accompanied by attendants , set sail for yangzhou .
for further details , read the next chapter .
she passed the evenings as best she could chatting with pinger before retiring listlessly to bed . one evening , tired of embroidering , she sat nursing her hand-stove by the lamp and told the maid to warm her embroidered quilt early , after which they both went to bed . when the third watch sounded they were still reckoning on their fingers the stage jia lian must have reached on his journey .
is it possible you don ’ t know the saying that the moon waxes only to wane , water brims only to overflow , and the higher the climb the harder the fall ’ ?
if one day it happens that at the height of good fortune the tree falls and the monkeys scatter ’ as the old saying has it , then what will become of our cultured old family ?
fortune follows calamity as disgrace follows honour . this has been so from time immemorial . how can men prevent it ?
the only thing one can do is to make some provision for lean years in times of plenty . all ’ s well at present except for two things . take care of them and the future will be secure .
xifeng asked what she had in mind .
although seasonal sacrifices are offered at the ancestral tombs there ’ s no fixed source of income for this , and although we have a family school there ’ s no definite fund for it . of course , while we ’ re still prosperous , we don ’ t lack the wherewithal for sacrifices , but where ’ s it to come from once we fall on hard times ?
i ’ d like to suggest that while we ’ re still rich and noble we should invest in some farms and estates near our ancestral tombs to provide for sacrifices . the family school should be moved to the same place .
let the whole family , old and young alike , draw up rules whereby each branch of the family will take it in turn to manage the land , income and sacrifices for a year .
then even if the family property were confiscated because of some crime , the estate for ancestral worship would be exempted and in those hard times the young people could go there to study and farm . they ’ d have something to fall back on , and there would be no break in the sacrifices . it would be very short-sighted not to take thought for the future in the belief that our present good fortune will last for ever .
but it will simply be a flash in the pan , a brief moment of bliss . whatever happens don ’ t forget the proverb , even the grandest feast must have an end . take thought for the future before it is too late .
but because of the love between us let me give you some parting advice , and do remember it , aunt ! with that she declaimed : after the three months of the spring , all flowers will fade and each will have to find his own way out .
before xifeng could ask more she was woken with a start by four blows on the chime-bar at the second gate . and a servant announced , madam jia rong of the east mansion has passed away .
when she had recovered from her stupefaction , she dressed quickly and hurried over to lady wang . by that time the whole household was lamenting , distressed by this shocking news . the old people recalled keqing ’ s filial behaviour , the young people her affectionate ways and the children her kindness ; while not one of the servants but wept for grief recollecting her compassion for the poor and humble and her loving goodness to old and young alike .
but let us return to baoyu , who was so desolate after daiyu ’ s departure that he had given up playing with his companions and went disconsolate to bed each night . roused from sleep by the announcement of keqing ’ s death , he sprang suddenly from his bed .
at once he felt a stab of pain in his heart , and with a cry spat out a mouthful of blood .
xiren and his other maids rushed up to help him back to bed , asking anxiously what was the matter . should they get the lady dowager to send for a doctor ? there ’ s no need , it ’ s nothing , he said .
a hot humour seized on my heart and stopped the normal flow of blood . he got up again and demanded to be dressed so that he could go to his grandmother and then to the other mansion .
besides , at night the wind is high .
you may just as well go tomorrow .
when baoyu insisted , she ordered a carriage and plenty of attendants for him .
they found the gates of the ning mansion wide open and brilliantly lit with lanterns on either side .
alighting from his carriage baoyu hurried to the room in which keqing lay and having wept there went in to see madam you , who happened to be laid up with another bout of dyspepsia .
he then paid his respects to jia zhen .
by now jia dairu had arrived with jia daixiu , jia chi , jia xiao , jia dun , jia she , jia zheng , jia cong , jia bin , jia heng , jia guang , jia chen , jia qiong , jia lin , jia qiang , jia chang , jia ling , jia yun , jia qin , jia zhen , jia ping , jia zao , jia heng , jia fen , jia fang , jia lan , jia jun and jia zhi .
bathed in tears , jia zhen was telling jia dairu and the others , everyone in the family , old and young , distant kin or close friends , knows that my daughter-in-law was infinitely superior to my son .
now that she has gone , my branch of the family is fated to die out . with that he broke down again . the men present tried to console him : since she has departed this world it is useless to weep .
he was interrupted by the arrival of qin ye , qin zhong and some relatives of madam you as well as her younger sisters .
leaving jia qiong , jia cen , jia lin and jia qiang to keep the guests company , jia zhen sent to invite someone from the department of astrology to choose auspicious days .
it was decided that the body should remain in the house for seven times seven or forty-nine days , and mourning should start the third day after her death with the issue of obituary notices .
during the forty-nine days a hundred and eight buddhist monks were to perform the litany of great compassion in the main hail to release the souls of those passed away before and after her and win remission for the sins of the deceased . at an altar erected in the heavenly fragrance pavilion , ninety-nine taoists of the perfect truth sect should pray for forty-nine days for absolution . the coffin would then be taken to the garden of concentrated fragrance , where another fifty high bonzes and fifty high taoists would sacrifice before it once every seventh day during the forty-nine days .
jia jing alone was untouched by the death of his eldest grandson ’ s wife .
so he left all the funeral arrangements to his son . his father ’ s indifference gave jia zhen a free hand to indulge his extravagance . he decided that the cedar-boards he had seen would not do for the coffin and was searching for something better when xue pan called to offer condolences .
in our timber-yard is some qiang wood from the iron-net mountain across the sea , said the young man .
a coffin made of this would last for ten thousand years . my father bought this timber for prince yi zhong , but after his disgrace the prince didn ’ t take it . it ’ s still stored with us because no one has ventured to buy it .
if you like , i ’ ll have it sent over . overjoyed by this news , jia zhen had the timber fetched without delay .
everyone gathered round and exclaimed in wonder , for the planks for the sides and the base were eight inches thick with a grain like that of the areca palm and the perfume of sandalwood or musk . when tapped they gave off a clear ringing sound like metal or jade .
jia zhen , his face radiant , inquired the price .
you couldn ’ t buy this for a thousand taels , replied xue pan with a smile . don ’ t worry about the price .
after copious thanks jia zhen lost no time in giving directions for the wood to be sawn and varnished . jia zheng objected , this seems too sumptuous for ordinary people . the best quality cedar-boards would be quite adequate .
word was brought that after keqing ’ s death one of her maids , ruizhu , had dashed out her own brains against a pillar . the whole clan praised this act of rare loyalty and jia zhen ordered that she be buried with the rites befitting a grandchild , her coffin resting in the pavilion of attained immortality in the garden of concentrated fragrance . another maid , baozhu , offered to act as keqing ’ s god-daughter and take the chief mourner ’ s part , since her mistress had no child .
this pleased jia zhen so much that he directed that henceforward baozhu should be addressed as miss , as if she were a daughter of the house . then baozhu mourned like an unmarried daughter , weeping by the coffin as if her heart would break , while all the clansmen and servants observed the etiquette traditionally prescribed for such occasions with unimpeachable propriety .
what distressed jia zhen now was the fact that his son was only a state scholar . this would not look well in the inscription on the funeral banner and it meant that the retinue would have to be small . as luck would have it , however , on the fourth day of the first week of mourning servants with sacrificial offerings arrived from the eunuch dai quan , chamberlain of the palace of great splendour , who followed in a great palanquin with an official umbrella and gonging and drumming to offer an oblation .
jia zhen ushered him eagerly in and offered him tea in the bee-teasing pavilion . he already had a scheme in mind and soon found occasion to express his wish to purchase a rank for his son .
by a fortunate coincidence there happens to be a good post going .
there are two vacancies in the corps of three hundred officers of the imperial guard .
yesterday the third brother of the marquis of xiangyang sent me 1,500 taels and asked me for one of them ; and since we are old friends , as you know , for his grandfather ’ s sake i made no difficulties but agreed out of hand . who would have expected that fatty feng , military governor of yongxing , wants to buy the other appointment for his son ; but i haven ’ t yet had time to give him an answer .
if your boy wants it , make haste and write out a statement of his antecedents .
jia zhen at once sent a servant to pass on these instructions to his secretaries . the man returned presently with a sheet of red paper . after glancing at it jia zhen handed it to dai quan , who read :
jia rong , twenty , state scholar of jiangning district , jiangning prefecture , jiangnan .
great-grandfather : jia daihua , commander-in-chief of the metropolitan garrison and a hereditary general of the first class with the appellation spiritual might .
grandfather : jia jing , metropolitan scholar of the yi mao year .
father : jia zhen , hereditary general of the third rank with the appellation mighty intrepidity .
dai quan ordered one of his attendants , take this to old zhao , chief of the board of revenue , with my compliments . ask him to draw up a warrant for an officer of the fifth rank in the imperial guard and to fill out a commission according to these particulars . tomorrow i will weigh out the silver and send it over .
dai quan then took his leave . his host , who could not detain him , saw him out . before the eunuch mounted his palanquin jia zhen asked :
just weigh out 1,200 taels and send it to my house . if you go to the board , they ’ ll fleece you . jia zhen thanked him warmly and promised , when the mourning is over i shall bring my worthless son to kowtow his thanks .
and so they parted .
then runners could be heard clearing the way for the wife of shi ding , marquis of zhongjing .
lady wang , lady xing and xifeng welcomed her into the drawing-room .
then sacrificial gifts from the marquises of jinxiang and chuanning as well as the earl of shoushan were displayed before the coffin . presently these three nobles alighted from their palanquins and jia zhen ushered them into the main hall . so relatives and friends past counting came and went .
indeed , for forty-nine days the street outside the ning mansion was a sea of mourners in white interspersed by officials in their brilliant robes . at his father ’ s order jia rong changed into court dress the next day to collect his commission , after which the funerary ware in front of the coffin as well as the insignia for the cortege were made to befit an official of the fifth rank . the obituary tablet and notice were inscribed : obsequies of lady qin , spouse of the house of ha , granted a rank by imperial decree off the celestial court .
the street gate in the garden of concentrated fragrance was opened , and on platforms erected at both sides groups of blue-clad musicians played at appropriate times .
the retinue stood in pairs in perfect symmetry , and two large vermilion boards set up outside the gate bore the bold gilt inscriptions imperial guard and defender of the palace roads in the inner court of the forbidden city .
across the road , facing each other , towered two altars for buddhist and taoist priests .
the announcement on them read : obsequies of lady qin of the jia family , consort of the eldest great-grandson of the hereditary duke of ningguo , imperial guard and defender of the palace roads in the inner court of the forbidden city .
in this land of peace and empire ruled according to the will of heaven , in the centre of the four continents , we , chief buddhist abbot wan xu , controller of the school of the void and asceticism , and chief taoist abbot ye sheng , controller of the primordial school of the trinity , having reverently purified ourselves raise our eyes to heaven and kowtow to buddha . we humbly invoke all divinities to show their divine compassion and display their spiritual majesty afar in these forty-nine days of grand sacrifice , that the departed may be delivered from sins and absolved from retribution ... . there was more in the same vein .
inquired lady xing .
you know how it is , aunt . with my daughter-in-law gone and my wife ill in bed , everything is at sixes and sevens in the inner apartments .
lady xing smiled . xifeng is part of your aunt wang ’ s establishment , so you ’ ll have to ask her permission .
you ’ d better find someone else .
i can guess your real objection , aunt , he replied . you ’ re afraid she ’ d find it too tiring . as for handling things badly , i know that wouldn ’ t be the case .
ever since she was a child at play cousin xifeng has known her own mind , and by managing the other house since her marriage she ’ s gained experience . i ’ ve been thinking this over for some days and there ’ s no one else so competent . if you won ’ t agree for my sake or my wife ’ s , aunt , do it for the one who ’ s dead .
his tears flowed again . lady wang ’ s only concern had been lest xifeng , having no experience of funerals , might lay herself open to ridicule by managing badly . the earnestness of jia zhen ’ s request softened her heart and she eyed xifeng thoughtfully .
are you sure you can cope ? whispered lady wang . i don ’ t see why not .
jia zhen ’ s request delighted her . seeing that his eagerness was overcoming lady wang ’ s initial reluctance , she said :
i can ’ t see to everything , jia zhen said to xifeng . i must beg you to help us , cousin . let me express my gratitude now , and when everything ’ s over i shall come round to your side to thank you properly .
just use this to requisition whatever , you want , there ’ s no need to consult me .
i ’ ve only two requests to make .
first , please don ’ t try to spare me expense , as i want everything done handsomely . and secondly , treat the servants here as you would your own , don ’ t be afraid they may resent it . apart from these two provisos , nothing else worries me .
xifeng did not venture to take the tally but glanced at lady wang .
do as your cousin asks , said lady wang .
but don ’ t take too much upon yourself .
if there are any decisions to make , send to ask him and your sister-in-law what should be done .
baoyu had already taken the tally from jia then and forced it on xifeng .
would you prefer to stay here or to come over every day ? jia zhen asked her .
they can ’ t do without me over there . i ’ ll come every day .
jia zhen did not insist but left them after a little further chat . as soon as the visitors had gone lady wang asked xifeng what she proposed to do now . please don ’ t wait for me , madam .
i must sort things out before i come home . so lady wang left first with lady xing , while xifeng retired to a small three-roomed annex to reflect as follows : first , this household is such a mixed one that things may get lost .
thirdly , the heavy expenditure may lead to extravagance and faked receipts . fourthly , if no distinction is made between large tasks and small ones , some will have a harder time than others . fifthly , these servants are so out of hand that those with any pretensions may defy me , and those with none won ’ t do their best .
these were indeed the ’ five distinguishing features of the ning mansion .
they agreed and one remarked with a laugh , actually we need her to get this place into shape . things are too out of hand . along came lai wang ’ s wife just then with a tally and a receipt for the amount required , to fetch sacrificial paper and paper for supplications and prayers .
on the road when the news that xifeng was to take charge reached lai sheng , chief steward of the ning mansion , he summoned all his colleagues . madam jia lian of the west mansion is coming to supervise our household , he told them .
then xifeng ordered caiming to prepare a register and sent for lai sheng ’ s wife to bring her a list of the staff .
she announced that all the men-servants ’ wives were to come to her early the next morning for instructions . after checking quickly through the list and asking lai sheng 5 wife a couple of questions , she went home in her carriage . she was back at half past six the next morning to find all the old servingwomen and stewards ’ wives assembled .
they did not venture into the antechamber when they saw that she and lai sheng ’ s wife were busy assigning tasks , but from outside the window they heard her tell the latter :
i ’ m not as easy-going as your own mistress who lets you do as you please ; so don ’ t tell me how things used to be managed here , but just do as i say . the least disobedience will be dealt with publicly , no matter how much face the offender may have .
she made caiming call the roll and the servants entered one by one for inspection . after this she ordered :
these twenty , also in two shifts of ten , will see to the family ’ s meals and tea every day . they will have no other duties either .
these forty , divided into two shifts , will have the job of burning incense , keeping the lamps filled with oil , hanging up curtains , watching by the coffin , offering sacrificial rice and tea , and mourning with the mourners . these four will be responsible for the cups , plates and tea things in the pantry , and will have to replace anything that is missing .
the rest of you will be assigned to different apartments and must stick to your posts . you will be responsible for everything there , from furniture and antiques to spittoons and dusters and each blade of grass —and will have to make good any loss or damage . lai sheng ’ s wife will make a general inspection every day and report to me instantly any slackness , gambling , drinking , fighting or quarrelling .
these eight will receive the presents of sacrificial offerings . these eight will look after the distribution of lamps , oil , candles and sacrificial paper to various places according to a list which i shall issue . these thirty will take night duty in turns , seeing that the gates are locked and keeping a look-out for fires , as well as sweeping the grounds .
if i find you being too soft , i shall make no allowances for you , even though your family has been in service here for three or four generations . now you all have your duties , and if anything goes wrong i shall deal with the group concerned . my own servants have clocks and watches , because everything large or small must be done on time .
at seven in the evening , after the burning of sacrificial paper , i shall make a tour of inspection , then issue those on night duty with their keys .
i shall be back again at half past six the next morning .
i needn ’ t remind you that we must all do our best during this period . when it ’ s over , no doubt your master will reward you .
she then ordered the distribution of supplies of tea , oil , candles , feather whisks , brooms and so forth , and had tablecloths , antimacassars , cushions , rugs , spittoons , stools and other furnishings issued .
while this was being done , the servants in charge of each place and the articles taken by each were carefully recorded . now that all the servants had their respective duties , they were no longer able to pick the easy jobs and leave the hard ones undone .
and xifeng was thoroughly gratified by the authority she now wielded . as madam you was ill and grief had made jia zhen lose his appetite , xifeng every day sent over from the other mansion some fine congee and delicacies she had prepared especially for them . and jia zhen also ordered the best food to be served for her alone in her annex every day .
xifeng was not afraid of hard work . she came over punctually every morning at half past six to call the roll and see to any business , sitting alone in her annex and not even joining the other young wives to greet lady guests .
on the thirty-third day buddhist monks performed the rites to cleave the earth asunder , break open hell and light the dead down with lanterns to pay homage to the king of hell ; to arrest evil demons ; to invoke prince ksitigarbha under the ground to raise up the golden bridge and lead the way with streamers . taoists offered prayers and invocations , worshipping the three pure ones and the jade emperor . bonzes chanting sutras burned incense , sacrificed to the hungry ghosts and intoned the water penitential while thirteen young nuns in red slippers and embroidered robes recited incantations before the coffin to lead the soul on its way .
all was bustle and noise . knowing that many guests could be expected , xifeng told pinger to wake her up at four that day . by the time she had finished her toilet , sipped some milk and sweetened rice congee and rinsed her mouth , it was half past six and lai wang ’ s wife was already waiting with the other servants .
xifeng left the hail and mounted her carriage , in front of which were two brilliant horn lanterns inscribed with the large characters : the rong mansion .
as she slowly approached the ning mansion the lanterns above its main gate and the lamps on both sides shed a light bright as day on the two rows of attendants there in white mourning .
at the main entrance her pages withdrew and maid-servants raised the curtain of the carriage .
xifeng was helped out by fenger and escorted in by two serving-women with hand-lanterns . all the stewards ’ wives of the ning mansion advanced to greet her . xifeng walked slowly through the garden of concentrated fragrance to the pavilion of attained immortality , where at the sight of the coffin her tears fell like pearls from a broken string .
pages were waiting respectfully in the court for the burning of the sacrificial paper and now she ordered this to be done and an offering of tea presented . after one beat on the gong the music started . a large arm-chair had been set in front of the shrine and seating herself she gave way to loud lamentations .
at once all the others , both men and women , high and low , joined in , until jia zhen and madam you sent to persuade her to restrain her grief .
then lai wang ’ s wife brought her tea to rinse her mouth , and xifeng rose to take her leave of her kinsmen and proceed to the annex . all the women-servants were present at the roll-call except for one usher . she came when summoned in great fear and trembling .
i ’ ve been on time every day before , said the woman .
please overlook it , madam , this once !
just then wang xing ’ s wife from the other mansion peeped in .
eager to have her business attended to first , wang xing ’ s wife came forward and presented a request for silk thread to make tassels for the carriages and sedan-chairs .
on xifeng ’ s instructions caiming read out the number of strings of beads and tassels needed for two palanquins and four sedan-chairs as well as four carriages . finding the figures correct , xifeng told caiming to register them and gave a rong mansion tally to wang xing ’ s wife , who left . before xifeng could deal with the offender in came four stewards from the rong mansion with indents for stores .
xifeng had their orders read out and pointed at two of the four items . these figures are wrong . come back when you ’ ve worked them out correctly .
then she noticed zhang cai ’ s wife and asked her business . the woman handed her an order form , saying , the covers for the carriages and sedan-chairs are finished , and i ’ ve come for the money for the tailor .
xifeng told caiming to enter this , and when wang xing ’ s wife had returned the tally and fetched the accountant ’ s receipt for the right sum zhang cai ’ s wife was sent to get the money .
another order for wallpaper to paper baoyu ’ s outer study was read out and registered .
i should have liked to let you off , but if i overlook the first offence the others will get out of hand . i shall be obliged to make an example of you . with a stern look she ordered the woman to be taken out and given twenty strokes with the bamboo .
when the others heard this and saw xifeng ’ s angry frown , they dared not show slackness in carrying out her orders . some hastily dragged out the woman ; others passed on the order to lai sheng . after the usher had been given twenty strokes she had to return to kowtow to xifeng .
she then threw down the ning mansion tally and gave orders that lai sheng should dock this usher of a month ’ s wages .
xifeng warned the servants , anyone late again tomorrow will get forty strokes , and sixty the day after that .
so those who want a beating , just come late .
the people outside the window , hearing this , went off to attend to their tasks . then a steady stream of domestics from both mansions kept coming to hand in or apply for indents , while the woman who had been beaten also left shamefacedly . after this demonstration of xifeng ’ s severity , the servants of the ning mansion worked hard and , to be on the safe side , dared not neglect their duties .
but no more of this . let us return to baoyu .
or over in the other house ?
we had a meal over there with the old lady . he and qin zhong sat down .
as soon as the meal was finished , a woman from the ning mansion arrived with an indent for incense and lamps .
i knew it was time for you to come today but thought you ’ d forgotten , observed xifeng , smiling .
if you had , you ’ d have had to pay for them yourself .
she took the tally and went off .
you use the same tallies in both your mansions , remarked qin zhong with a smile .
what if someone faked one and ran off with your money ? do you think us such a lawless lot ?
xifeng asked , laughing . how is it that no one has come from our house to ask for things ?
put in baoyu . when they came you were still fast asleep . but tell me , when are you two going to start your evening lessons ?
they need materials for the job . they can ’ t do a thing if i withhold the tally . baoyu cuddled up to her at that and coaxed , dear cousin , do give them the tally so that they can get what they need .
i ’ m so tired , my bones are aching , protested xifeng . must you jostle me like that ?
when baoyu refused to believe this she made caiming show him the record . just then someone announced that zhaoer was back from suzhou and xifeng promptly ordered him to be brought in . zhaoer fell on one knee to greet her .
why have you come back ?
the master sent me , madam .
lord lin died on the third of the ninth month , at nine in the morning . the master and miss lin are escorting his coffin to suzhou and should be home about the end of the year .
he sent me to bring the news with his greetings and to ask for the old lady ’ s instructions . i was to see , too , if you were well at home , madam , and to take back some of his fur-lined gowns .
xifeng turned to baoyu with a smile .
he knit his brows and sighed .
tempted to go home but kept by unfinished business and afraid of making herself look ridiculous , she had to restrain her impatience until the evening , when she summoned zhaoer to give her all the particulars of their journey . that same night she got pinger to help her select some fur-lined clothes and carefully thought out what else her husband might need . having packed these things together she handed them to zhaoer and cautioned him :
mind you look after your master properly outside and don ’ t make him angry .
try to keep him from drinking too much , and don ’ t pander to him by finding him loose women — if you do , i ’ ll break your legs when you get back .
by then it was well after the fourth watch and though she went to bed she had lost all desire to sleep . soon it was dawn . she made a hasty toilet and went over to the ning mansion .
now that the day for the funeral was approaching , ha zhen drove in person with a geomancer to iron threshold temple to inspect the repository for the coffin and enjoin on abbot sekong , who was in charge , the need for the finest furnishings and the help of the most noted monks for the coffin ’ s reception .
sekong hastily prepared supper , but jia zhen had no interest in food . since it was too late to return to town , however , he put up that night in the guest room , starting back first thing in the morning to arrange for the funeral procession . he sent men ahead to the temple to spend that night in redecorating the repository and in seeing to refreshments and the reception of the funeral party .
meanwhile xifeng too had made careful preparations , choosing the servants , carriages and sedan-chairs of the rong mansion that would accompany lady wang to the funeral , and a place in which to stay herself for the occasion . as the duke of shanguo ’ s wife had just died , lady xing and lady wang had to send sacrificial gifts and attend her funeral .
then a first son was born to the duke of zhenguo and congratulatory gifts had to be sent . then xifeng had to write a letter home and prepare gifts for her brother wang ren to take when he returned south with his family . then yingchun fell ill and every day they had to call in doctors , study their diagnoses , discuss the cause of the illness and decide on prescriptions ... .
as the day of the funeral approached , a thousand and one affairs kept xifeng so busy that she had no time to eat and was hardly able to have a moment ’ s rest .
when she went to the ning mansion , servants from the rong mansion followed her there ; when she returned to the rong mansion , servants from the ning mansion would come after her .
yet busy as she was , her spirits were high . she shirked not a single task , determined to give no one any grounds for complaint . indeed , she worked so hard day and night and handled everything so well that not one of the household , high or low , but was impressed .
now the time had come for the wake . the family ’ s two troupes of actors and some musicians , dancers and acrobats were to perform a long programme of items , and the place was thronged with relatives and friends . as madam you was still keeping to her bed xifeng had to look after them single-handed ; for all the other married women in the family were either tongue-tied , flighty , shy of strangers or awed by nobles and officials .
that night was all brilliance and bustle , needless to say , with the lanterns and torches of the officials and guests coming and going . when the auspicious hour arrived at dawn , sixty-four bearers in blue bore out the coffin . it was preceded by a great funeral banner bearing the inscription in large characters :
spiritual abode of lady qin of the jia family , consort of the imperial guard and defender of the palace roads of the inner court of the forbidden city , and eldest great-great-grandson of the duke of ningguo enfeoffed with the first rank by the heaven-sent , splendidly established , long-enduring dynasty . the brand-new funeral paraphernalia was a dazzling sight .
and baozhu , observing the rites for an unmarried daughter , dashed an earthen basin to pieces when the coffin was lifted to be carried away and lamented bitterly before it .
among the officials attending the funeral were : niu jizong , hereditary earl of the first rank , grandson of niu qing , duke of zhenguo ; liu fang , hereditary viscount of the first rank , grandson of liu biao , duke of liguo ; chen ruiwen , hereditary general of the third rank , grandson of chen yi , duke of qiguo ; ma shang , hereditary general of the third rank , grandson of ma kui , duke of zhiguo ; and hou xiaokang , hereditary viscount of the first rank , grandson of hou xiaoming , duke of xiuguo .
since the duke of shanguo ’ s wife had died , his grandson shi guangzhu was in mourning and unable to come . these six families , with those of ning and rong , were known as the eight ducal households .
the other mourners included : the grandson of the prince of nanan ; the grandson of the prince of xining ; shi ding , marquis of zhongjing ; hang zining , hereditary baron of the second rank , grandson of the marquis of pingyuan ; xie qiong , hereditary baron of the second rank , captain of the metropolitan garrison , grandson of the marquis of dingcheng ; qi jianhui , hereditary baron of the second rank , grandson of the marquis of xiangyang ; qiu liang , garrison commander of five cities , grandson of the marquis of jingtian .
also present were han qi , son of the earl of jinxiang ; feng ziying , son of the general of divine valour ; chen yejun , wei ruolan and countless other sons of nobles .
there were also over a dozen palanquins and thirty to forty sedan-chairs for lady guests .
these together with the carriages and sedan-chairs of the jia family numbered well over a hundred . with the elaborate equipage in front and the performances given on the way , the procession extended a good three or four li . before long they reached stands with coloured silk awnings by the roadside where music was played and sacrificial offerings had been set out by different families .
the first four belonged to the houses of the prince of dongping , the prince of nanan , the prince of xining , and the prince of beijing .
the original prince of beijing had won the highest distinction of these four princes , and therefore his descendants had inherited his title .
the present holder of the title , shui rong , was a charming and modest young man of less than twenty with remarkable good looks . when he heard that the eldest great-great-grandson of the duke of ningguo had lost his wife , the thought of their forefathers ’ friendship , shared dangers and glory as if of one family had made him lay aside all considerations of rank and go in person to express his condolences .
now he had set up a funeral booth by the roadside to offer a libation . he made some of his officers wait there while he went to court at dawn .
the audience over , he changed into mourning clothes and came here by palanquin , preceded by sounding gongs and ceremonial umbrellas . he halted his palanquin at the stand and his officers ranged themselves on either side , forbidding soldiers and civilians to pass . presently , from the north , the ning mansion ’ s magnificent funeral procession bore down on them like a great silver landslide .
the runners sent ahead to clear the way had reported the prince ’ s arrival to jia zhen , who now ordered the procession to halt while he , ha she and ha zheng went to greet the prince according to state ceremonial .
the prince bowed affably in return from his palanquin , treating them as old family friends without any affectation .
jia zhen said , we are overwhelmed by the favour done us by your highness in honouring my daughter-in-law ’ s funeral with your presence .
that is no way for good friends to talk , protested the prince . then he turned and ordered his chief steward to preside at the sacrifice for him and pour a libation .
jia she and the others , having bowed in return , stepped forward to express their gratitude . the prince of beijing was completely unassuming . he asked jia zheng , which is the young gentleman born with a piece of jade in his mouth ?
i am sure he must be here today .
jia zheng withdrew at once to fetch baoyu .
he made him change out of mourning , then took him to meet the prince .
baoyu had heard from his family and friends of the prince of beijing ’ s fine qualities , his talent , good looks , refinement and unconventionality . he had often wanted to meet him , but his father kept him under such strict control that hitherto he had never had a chance . of course he was delighted to be sent for .
walking forward , he was struck by the dignity with which the prince was sitting in his palanquin .
to know the sequel , read the chapter which follows . xifeng abuses her power at
qin zhong amuses himself in
looking up , baoyu saw that the prince of beijing had on a princely silver-winged cap with white tassels , a white robe embroidered with zigzag wave patterns and five-clawed dragons , and a red leather belt studded with green jade .
with his face fair as jade , his eyes bright as stars , he was truly a handsome figure . baoyu started forward to make his obeisance .
as the prince from his palanquin raised him up , he noticed that baoyu was wearing a sliver chaplet in the form of two dragons rising from the sea , an archer ’ s coat embroidered with white serpents , and a silver belt set with pearls . his face seemed a flower in spring , his eyes black as lacquer .
you live up to your name , remarked the prince . you are really like precious jade . but where is that gem with which you came into the world ?
baoyu hastily took the jade from inside his garments and handed it to the prince , who examined it carefully and read the inscription . does it actually have magic powers ? so they say , answered jia zheng .
but it has never yet been put to the test .
the prince was very struck by the jade and , smoothing its silken cord , with his own hands he put it round baoyu ’ s neck .
then taking the boy ’ s hand he asked him his age and what he was studying . the clarity and fluency of baoyu ’ s answers made the prince turn to observe to jia zheng , your son is truly a dragon ’ s colt or young phoenix .
my worthless son does not deserve such high praise , rejoined jia zheng hurriedly with a courteous smile .
if thanks to the grace of your highness such proves the case , that will be our good fortune . there is one thing , however , cautioned the prince . because your son is so talented his grandmother and mother must have doted on him ; but over-indulgence is very bad for young people like ourselves as it makes us neglect our studies .
if he finds it difficult to study at home , he is very welcome to come as often as he likes to my humble house . for although untalented myself , i am honoured by visits from scholars of note from all parts of the empire when they come to the capital .
jia zheng bowed and assented to this without hesitation .
the prince now took a string of beads from his wrist and gave it to baoyu saying , this first meeting of ours is so hurried that i have brought no gift to show my respect , but please accept this string of beads made of the aromatic seeds of some plant which his majesty gave me the other day .
baoyu took it and turned to present it to his father , who together with his son offered formal thanks . then jia she and jia zhen stepped forward and begged the prince to return , but he demurred : the deceased has become an immortal and left our dusty world .
although by the favour of the son of heaven i have succeeded to this title , how can i precede the carriage of an immortal ? seeing that he was adamant , jia she and the others thanked him and withdrew to stop the music , so as to let the long procession pass on . and thereupon the prince went back .
but no more of this . the whole road hummed with excitement as the great procession passed . by the city gate friends and colleagues of jia she , jia zheng and jia zhen had set up sacrificial tents and not until each had been thanked in turn did the cortege leave the city and proceed along the highway towards iron threshold temple .
now jia zhen and jia rong urged their elders to mount their chairs or horses .
all of jia she ’ s generation mounted carriages or chairs while jia zhen ’ s contemporaries rode on horseback .
xifeng was afraid that baoyu , unchecked by his father , might come to some harm through reckless riding in the open country , for he would not listen to anyone else in the household . and if there were any mishap it would be hard to account for it to the old lady .
accordingly she ordered a page to summon him to her carriage , and when perforce he came she told him with a smile :
wouldn ’ t it be better to come and share my carriage ? baoyu hurriedly dismounted to join her . they drove on laughing and chatting until two horsemen galloped up and alighted by the carriage to report , we have reached a halting place , madam .
will you stop for a rest ? having asked to know the wishes of lady xing and lady wang , xifeng was told , their ladyships are not stopping , but they want you to suit your convenience .
thereupon xifeng ordered a halt . attendants led their carriage northwards away from the cortege and at baoyu ’ s orders went to invite qin zhong , who was riding behind his father ’ s chair , to join them .
when baoyu ’ s page brought him this invitation and he saw his friend ’ s riderless horse following xifeng ’ s carriage north , qin zhong knew that baoyu must be with her .
he promptly overtook them and together they entered the gateway of a farm . the menfolk here had long since been packed off , but the farmhouse had so few rooms that the womenfolk had nowhere to go to keep out of the way . the sudden appearance in their midst of xifeng , baoyu and qin zhong with their gorgeous clothes and refined looks and manners made these village women stare with admiration .
once in the thatched house xifeng suggested to baoyu that he should amuse himself outside . taking the hint , he led qin zhong and the pages off to look around .
now i understand the words of the old poet :
who knows that each grain of rice we eat
strolling into an outhouse , he was still more intrigued by a spinning-wheel on the kang .
his pages told him this was used to weave yarn .
he had just climbed up on the kang to turn the wheel for fun when in came a peasant girl of seventeen or eighteen . she ran over crying :
you ’ ll break it ! she was shouted at by his pages , but baoyu had already let go of the wheel .
i ’ ve never seen one before , he explained with a smile .
how could you people know how ? said the girl . get out of my way and i ’ ll show you.~~
qin zhong plucked at baoyu ’ s sleeve and whispered , isn ’ t she fun ? baoyu gave him a shove . if you talk any more nonsense i ’ ll clout you .
meanwhile the girl had started spinning . baoyu was just about to speak to her when an old woman called , come here , quick , second daughter ! at that she went off , much to his disappointment .
then a messenger summoned them back to xifeng , who had washed and changed to remove the dust of the journey . she urged the two boys to change , but baoyu declined . their attendants now produced the tea-service and hamper which they had brought for the journey , and after some refreshments they smartened up and mounted their carriage again .
xifeng , however , took no notice of them , while baoyu looked eagerly for the spinning-girl . but she was not in the group . they had not gone far , though , when he saw her , her little brother in her arms , approaching laughing and chatting with some smaller girls .
baoyu longed to alight and go with her , but knowing that the others would not agree he could only follow her with his eyes as their carriage drove swiftly off . soon she was out of sight .
before very long , they overtook the procession . ahead of them were temple drums and cymbals , pennants and umbrellas , while monks from iron threshold temple lined the road . soon they entered the temple , where
again buddhist rites were performed and incense burned , after which the coffin was installed in one of the side-chambers of the inner hall and baozhu prepared to keep vigil there that night . in the outer apartments jia zhen entertained their male friends and relatives , some of whom stayed for a meal while others took their leave immediately . he tendered them thanks one by one for coming .
then the guests began to take their leave from dukes , marquises , earls , viscounts and barons downwards , and by three o ’ clock all had dispersed . the ladies were entertained in the inner apartments by xifeng . they , too , left in order of precedence , and by about two o ’ clock all had gone except a few close relatives who would remain for the three day ’ s requiems for the dead .
knowing that xifeng could not return with them , lady xing and lady wang proposed to take baoyu back with them to the city . but as this was his first visit to the country and he insisted on staying behind with xifeng , his mother had to leave him in her charge . now this iron threshold temple had been built in the days of the dukes of rongguo and ningguo and still had enough land of its own to provide for incense and lamps and repositories for the coffins of clansmen .
since there was accommodation for both the dead and the living , the mourners escorting coffins had somewhere to stay . however , now that the family had grown the views of the rich members differed from those of the poor . whereas the latter were content to stay here , those who were wealthy and fond of display maintained that the place was inconvenient and preferred to find accommodation in some nearby village or convent to retire to at the end of the ceremonies .
on this occasion of qin keqing ’ s funeral most members of the clan stayed at iron threshold temple . only xifeng , deciding that it would not suit her , had sent a servant to ask abbess jingxu of steamed-bread convent to clear a few rooms for her . steamed-bread convent was the popular name for water moon convent because of the good steamed bread made here .
as soon as the monks had completed their devotions and the evening offering of tea had been made , jia zhen sent jia rong to urge xifeng to rest .
qin zhong ’ s father , too old and frail to remain himself , had told his son to attend the requiems , and so the boy stayed with xifeng and baoyu . they were met at the convent gate by abbess jingxu and two novices , zhishan and zhineng . after an exchange of greetings xifeng retired to a rest room .
why haven ’ t you and your abbess been to see us lately ? a few days ago a son was born to mr. hu , explained the abbess . his good lady sent us ten taels of silver to get some of our sisters to chant the nativity sutra for three days , so we ’ ve been too busy to come and pay our respects .
but let us return to baoyu and qin zhong , who were fooling about in the hall when zhineng came in . look who ’ s here , said baoyu with a smile . what about it ?
protested qin zhong .
tell her to pour me some tea and i ’ ll let you off .
why should i ask for you ?
why should i ask for you ?
soon she was back again with a cup of tea .
this young novice had been in and out of the rong mansion since childhood .
she knew everyone there and had often romped with baoyu and qin zhong ; and now that she was old enough to know the meaning of love she had taken a fancy to handsome young qin zhong , who was attracted in turn by her pretty looks .
although nothing had passed between them , they already had a secret understanding .
give it to me !
urged qin zhong with a smile .
zhineng laughed mockingly . do i have honey on my hands that you squabble even over a cup of tea ? baoyu grabbed hold of the cup and started drinking , and before he could speak again zhishan came to fetch zhineng to lay the table .
presently she returned to invite them to have some refreshments , but the tea and cakes served in the convent did not tempt them . they sat a while , then escaped as soon as they could to amuse themselves elsewhere .
xifeng retired presently , too , to the rest room accompanied by the abbess .
when the older maid-servants saw there was nothing to do they went off to bed themselves , leaving only a few trusted younger maids in attendance .
the abbess seized this chance to say , there ’ s something i ’ ve been meaning to go and ask her ladyship , but i ’ d like to have your advice on it first , madam .
when i became a nun in shancai convent in the county of changan , one of our benefactors was a very wealthy man called zhang , whose daughter jinge often came to our temple to offer incense .
a young mr. li , who is brother-in-law to the prefect of changan , met her there . he fell in love at first sight and sent to ask for her hand ; but she was already engaged to the son of the former inspector of changan .
the zhangs would have liked to cancel the engagement but were afraid the inspector might object , so they explained to the lis that she was betrothed .
still young mr. li insisted on having her , making things very difficult for the zhangs .
they refused to take back the betrothal gifts and took the matter to court . the girl ’ s family are desperate . they ’ ve sent to the capital to enlist help and are quite determined to return the gifts .
well , i understand that general yun the military governor of changan is on friendly terms with your family . if lady wang would get his lordship to write to general yun , asking him to have a word with the inspector , i ’ m sure he ’ d drop the suit . and the zhangs would gladly give any-
there shouldn ’ t be any great difficulty about this , rejoined xifeng . but her ladyship doesn ’ t trouble herself with such matters.~~
i ’ m neither short of money nor do i meddle with affairs of this sort .
if you do nothing , they won ’ t realize that you can ’ t be troubled and don ’ t want the money — it would look as if you can ’ t even handle such a trifling business .
this put xifeng on her mettle .
i ’ ve never believed all that talk about hell and retribution .
let them bring me three thousand taels and i ’ ll see to this for them .
i ’ m not one of your go-betweens just out for money , said xifeng . these three thousand taels will just cover the expenses of the servants i send out and reward them for their trouble .
i myself don ’ t want a cent . i could lay my hands any moment on thirty thousand .
will you do us this favour , then , tomorrow ? can ’ t you see how busy i am , needed right and left ? but since i ’ ve told you i ’ ll do it , of course i ’ ll settle it for you speedily .
a little thing like this might throw other people into a fearful flurry , but i know you ’ d have no trouble handling bigger things than this , madam . as the proverb says , the abler a man , the busier he gets . it ’ s because you ’ re so capable that her ladyship leaves everything to you .
meanwhile qin zhong had taken advantage of the darkness and the fact that nobody was about to go in search of zhineng .
having found her alone in a back room washing up the tea things , he threw his arms around her and kissed her . what are you doing ?
if you refuse me again this evening , i ’ ll die here on the spot . what are you thinking of ? at least wait till i ’ m clear of this prison and these people ?
that ’ s easy to manage , but distant water can ’ t quench a present thirst .
with that he blew out the lamp , plunging the room into pitch darkness , and carried her to the kang .
the two of them were frightened out of their wits until a chuckle revealed that it was baoyu . qin zhong sprang up swearing , what are you playing at ?
be a good fellow !
i ’ ll do whatever you say as long as you don ’ t shout .
we ’ ll say no more about it just now .
i ’ ll settle with you after we go to bed .
soon it was time to sleep . xifeng had the inner room , the two boys the outer , while the maids slept on the floor or sat up to keep watch . for fear lest the precious jade might disappear while baoyu was asleep , xifeng had it fetched and put it under her own pillow .
as for how baoyu settled scores with qin zhong , what the eye does not see can only be surmised , and far be it from us to speculate . the next morning the lady dowager and lady wang sent to urge baoyu to dress more warmly and to go home if there was nothing to keep him . this was the last thing he wanted .
though the obsequies were over there remained certain trifles to attend to , so xifeng decided she could spare one more day . in the first place , this would satisfy jia zhen ; in the second , she could attend to the abbess ’ business ; in the third , the lady dowager would be pleased to know that baoyu was enjoying himself . my own business here is finished , she told him with these considerations in mind .
if you want to amuse yourself here a little longer , i suppose i ’ ll have to put up with it . but we must leave tomorrow at the latest .
we ’ ll leave tomorrow . so they arranged to spend another night there .
xifeng sent someone secretly to explain the abbess ’ business to lai wang . he grasped at once what was wanted and hurried into town to get the chief secretary to write a letter in jia lian ’ s name , and set off with it that same night for changan county .
since changan was only a hundred li away , within two days the matter was settled . military governor yun guang had long wanted to please the jia family and was only too glad to agree to this trifling request .
lai wang brought back a letter from him to this effect . meanwhile xifeng , after one more day in the convent , had said goodbye to the abbess , telling her to come for news in three day ’ s time . qin zhong and zhineng could hardly bear to part and bid each other a sad farewell after arranging to meet again in secret .
xifeng went to take a last look at iron threshold temple , where baozhu insisted on remaining .
jia zhen later was obliged to send maids there to keep her company . to know the sequel , read the next chapter . yuanchun is selected as imperial consort
before long baoyu ’ s outer study was ready .
he had agreed with qin zhong to start evening lessons together ; but qin zhong had a weak constitution , and a cold he had caught in the country following his secret affair with zhineng had upset him ; thus on his return to town he developed a cough and lost his appetite completely .
too weak to go out , he had to rest at home . although baoyu was very disappointed , he could do nothing but wait for his friend ’ s recovery . meanwhile xifeng had received yun guang ’ s reply , and the abbess had informed the zhangs that their problem was solved .
so the inspector had to swallow his anger and take back the betrothal gifts .
but though zhang and his wife were snobbish and mercenary , they had a principled and feeling daughter . when jinge learned that her engagement had been broken she found a rope and quietly hanged herself ; and the inspector ’ s son was so much in love that he drowned himself when he heard of her suicide , showing that he was worthy of his good fiancée .
only xifeng was the gainer by three thousand taels , quite unknown to lady wang and the rest of the household . this emboldened her from that time on to undertake countless similar transactions but we need not recount these here .
now it was jia zheng ’ s birthday and both households had gathered to congratulate him . at the height of the festivities the gateman suddenly rushed in to announce : his excellency xia , chief eunuch of the six palaces , has come with a decree from the emperor !
they at once called a halt to the theatricals and had the feast cleared away . a table was set out with incense .
then , throwing open the central gate they knelt down to receive the decree .
soon xia shouzhong the chief eunuch arrived on horseback , followed by a considerable retinue of eunuchs .
he was not carrying an imperial edict , however . having alighted in front of the main hall , he mounted the steps with a beaming smile and , facing south , announced :
by special order of the emperor , jia zheng is to present himself at once for an audience in the hall of respectful approach .
this said , without even taking a sip of tea , he remounted his horse and rode off . jia she and the others could not guess what this portended . jia zheng lost no time in putting on his court robes and going to the palace , leaving the whole family in dire suspense .
the lady dowager sent one mounted messenger after another in search of news ; but it was four hours before lai da and a few other stewards came panting through the inner gate , crying :
his lordship asks the old lady to go at once to the palace with the other ladies to thank his majesty .
the lady dowager had been waiting anxiously in the corridor outside the great hail with lady xing , lady wang , madam you , li wan , xifeng and the jia girls , as well as aunt xue .
on hearing this , they called lai da over and demanded more details .
we had to wait in the outer court , lai da told them . so we had no idea what was going on inside .
she ’ s to be chief secretary of the phoenix palace with the title of worthy and virtuous consort . and then his lordship came out and confirmed this . now he has gone to the east palace and he begs your ladyship and the other ladies to go at once to offer thanks .
they were all so relieved that their faces shone with delight as each dressed in the ceremonial robes appropriate to her rank .
and presently four large sedan-chairs , with the lady dowager ’ s at the head , followed by lady xing ’ s , lady wang ’ s and madam you ’ s , were making their way to the palace .
they were escorted by jia she and jia zhen , also in court robes , as well as jia rong and jia qiang .
now , a few days previously , zhineng had stolen away from water moon convent and come to town to look for qin zhong in his home .
the old man ’ s rage had brought on an attack of his chronic disorder , and within a few days he was dead . qin zhong had never been strong nor had he fully recovered from his illness when he received this beating . his father ’ s death filled him with such remorse that his condition was now serious .
he alone remained utterly indifferent to the trip made by the lady dowager and the rest to offer thanks for the imperial favour , the visits of congratulations paid by relatives and friends , the excitement which filled both mansions . the general delight left him completely unmoved , just as if these things had never happened .
his apathy made everyone declare that he was growing more and more eccentric . luckily a messenger arrived at this time from jia lian to announce that he and daiyu were on their way back and would be home the following day .
a little cheered , baoyu questioned the man and learned that jia yucun was also coming to the capital to pay homage . for thanks to wang ziteng ’ s recommendations he had been summoned to wait for a metropolitan appointment ; and being a distant cousin of jia lian ’ s and daiyu ’ s former tutor , he was travelling with them .
lin ruhai had been buried in the ancestral graveyard and , his obsequies completed , jia lian was able to start back for the capital . normally , the trip would have taken them till the beginning of the next month ; however , the good news about yuanchun had made jia lian decide to hurry back posthaste .
the journey had been smooth and uneventful .
baoyu was only eager to know that daiyu was all right , taking no interest in the rest of this news . he could hardly contain himself until their arrival was announced just after noon the next day . but the joy of their reunion was tempered by grief .
she had brought back a whole library of books , and lost no time in tidying her bedroom and setting out her things . she presented some brushes and stationery to baochai , yingchun , baoyu and others . but when he produced the precious scented beads given him by the prince of beijing and offered them to her .
i don ’ t want them .
she tossed the beads back and baoyu had to take them .
but let us return to jia lian .
after he had greeted the rest of the family he went to his own quarters ; and busy as xifeng was , with not a moment to herself , she set everything aside to welcome her husband back from his long journey . once they were alone she said jokingly , congratulations , your excellency , kinsman of the imperial house !
your excellency must have had a tiring journey .
your handmaid , hearing yesterday that your exalted carriage would return today , prepared some watery wine by way of welcome . will the imperial kinsman deign to accept it ? you honour me too much , jia lian replied with a chuckle .
when pinger and the other maids had paid their respects and served tea , jia lian asked his wife what had happened during his absence and thanked her for looking after things so well .
i ’ m incapable of running things , she sighed . i ’ m too ignorant , blunt and tactless , always getting hold of the wrong end of the stick . and i ’ m so soft-hearted , anyone can get round me .
besides , lack of experience makes me nervous .
when her ladyship is the least displeased i ’ m too frightened to sleep a wink . time and again i ’ ve begged to be relieved of such a responsibility , but instead of agreeing she accuses me of being lazy and unwilling to learn . she doesn ’ t realize what a cold sweat i ’ m in , terrified of saying one word out of turn or taking one false step .
and you know how difficult our old stewardesses are , laughing at the least mistake and accusing the elm while pointing at the mulberry tree ’ if one shows the least bias . talk about sitting on a hill to watch tigers fight , murdering with a borrowed sword , borrowing wind to fan the fire , watching people drown from a dry bank ’ and not troubling to right an oil bottle that ’ s been knocked over ’ — they ’ re all old hands at such tricks .
on top of that , i ’ m too young to carry much weight ; so naturally they pay no attention to me . as if that weren ’ t bad enough , when rong ’ s wife suddenly died cousin zhen repeatedly begged her ladyship on his knees to let me help them out for a few days . i declined over and over again , but as she insisted i had to have a try .
as usual i made a shocking mess of things —even worse than here .
when you see him tomorrow , do apologize for me . tell him he should never have entrusted such a task to someone so young and inexperienced .
pinger came in and said , madam xue sent xiangling over to ask me something .
i ’ ve given her an answer and sent her back .
in the course of conversation i learned she ’ s the girl they bought just before coming to the capital . her name ’ s xiangling . she belongs to that imbecile xue now , and since he made her his concubine and her face has been slicked she ’ s grown even lovelier .
she ’ s too good for that silly fool . i should have thought you ’ d have seen enough of the world now that you ’ re back from a trip to suzhou and hangzhou , but you ’ re never satisfied .
look how he plagued his mother for a whole year just to get hold of xiangling . it ’ s because aunt xue saw she ’ s not only pretty but really well-behaved , being even gentler and quieter than most young ladies , that she went to all the trouble of inviting guests to a feast to make her his concubine in proper style . yet in less than a fortnight he ’ s treating her like dirt .
at this point a page from the inner gate reported that jia zheng was waiting for jia lian in the big library . the young man hastily straightened his clothes and went out .
then xifeng asked pinger , what on earth did aunt xue send xiangling
she drew nearer and lowered her voice . she wouldn ’ t come earlier or later but had to choose this very moment , when the master ’ s just got home , to bring you the interest on that money .
if our master had asked what it was , of course you ’ d have to tell him — you wouldn ’ t want to deceive him . and being what he is , ready to snatch money from a pan of scalding oil , he ’ d start spending even more recklessly if he knew that you had private savings . so i took it from her double-quick and gave her a piece of my mind , not knowing you ’ d hear .
that ’ s why , in front of the master , i said it was xiangling . i was wondering why aunt xue should suddenly send a concubine here when she knew that your master was back . so it was just one of your tricks .
just then jia lian returned . xifeng called for wine and dishes , and husband and wife took their seats opposite each other .
she was sipping her wine to keep him company when jia lian ’ s old wet-nurse nanny zhao came in .
the young couple promptly invited her to join them on the kang .
but pinger and the others had already set a small table and stool beside the kang , and when the nurse had sat down jia lian gave her two dishes from their own table .
well , perhaps i shouldn ’ t say that . the people we consider outsiders are in ’ with him , i suppose . that raised a general laugh .
