if ur under 18 u have a big problem .
maebi that 's just hu he is .
i love sex too and ca n't get enough of it .
ask her politely why u havent ' heard from her for years .
you can have full intercourse ... if you want ... .
she sees you more as a friend , nothing more
just act as if she is one of your friends
but women doesnt care it so much like mens do anyway .
if i knew , i 'd be in front of you !
just talk to him , stop wasting time ! !
if being apart makes them happy then you should be happy for them
trust me u 'll get asked out soon enough .
do n't do something you would regret later .
is it a real life situation , no i do n't think anything happened
sometimes you ca n't go home again afterall
just make sure that you are not going overboard with it .
depends if ur a guy or a girl lol
somewhere inside yourself you are strong and that will make him weak !
make her think you do n't even think about her at all .
i can lend you a few ! !
start by kissing , then start to do a little more .
you shoud tell her how you feel
i 'd only get upset if the guy staring is ugly !
why does she want to look ?
we are bad liers because ya 'll men beat us to it .
people have gotten married in jail .
shall we say , put urself in there shoes .
and they will always be that way !
i got a labrador n luv him a lot ! ) .
dreams do n't mean it 's going to happen .
boy , what an eye opener for me .
you do n't actually have to ask her to be your girlfriend .
she likes u like a bother
only 1 , the first and the last
just keep trying to find that special some one .
is it too far for u ?
well , that 's how i see it anyway ... .
but dont let it bother you .
what about trust when things get tough ?
have someone else tell him for you .
roses are red , violets are blue .
we have hormones too , you know !
lol do ya get it now ?
if it hurts then its to long
be yourself and see what happens
that bullshit ... maybe u just got some issues with asian women ...
it means that she likes you as a brother
are u tslking about time or longitude ?
of course it 's da feelings that count..
i love a man who is n't afraid to show his sensitive side .
i married my high school sweetheart 's sister .
it 's best that your partner is your bestfriend
i dont have my g/f wait on me .
dream of me for 4 years , then hop on my boat
do n't go back out with her .
find someone who wants there future with you !
this wedding is not about you , period .
/ hope this answer help u/
i want to get back with him so bad .
then see if he still wants to be around .
why do n't you let the crapola pile up ?
well ... think again u do n't wan na mess with a good friendship !
even women who do n't have a g-spot can find sex enjoyable .
what is he , a pimp ?
look out your window because there i am
of course way would u ask me that question that means your 1
listen to your mind and heart .
online chat invitations are dangerous get a real life ...
then you have to ask hey !
something unique and not ridiculously pricey ?
i 'm in my mid twenties and am still a virgin .
didnt know until know but hey herre 's one for ya !
because men are so good at it we could not be compared ! !
most boys try to be ignorant with girls they like .
it means they love you and want u back
only girls reply this question please !
i agree with exculsive ... get ya s**t fixed ... haha
sex is sex , no big deal .
only if she 's twice your age .
you do n't what are you doing asking a question like that ?
unless they really want it as much as you do .
if you feel like he is chancers are he is .
earth try it i hear there are a lot of girls there !
ask him where does he see his life going ?
try wallstreet : ) ) ..i mean stocks and all ...
how can i get paid through the internet ?
it hinders u from doing fun thigns with people .
dont worry you should grow up and out of that
better question ... why is he your boyfriend ?
depends on the size of the penis
i want to try and spice things up .
yeah ... if i was trying to get out of the relationship
be loyaly and nice and friendly and sweet !
your story is like in tv series .
try raising yourself.. he is not oblige to feed you ! !
and then if you havent already , get you to a doctor !
erkannss14 @ hotmail.com add me and we talk this subject later
it 's cool that you like this girl .
what the hell does that mean ?
then do n't go back for him .
it did in my head lol .
i dunno how il get over him .
that only works in bad teen movies !
who is more important to you ? ?
arent u answering ur own q
we have had lots of in & outs .
how im gon na handle to stop being a jealous girlfriend ?
what goes on in mens head ? ? ?
but if you hve to ask then you already know .
would you date a girl who was a stripper ?
u 'll see it 's much more better
send a video of yourself having sex , it pays
why do n't u just tell her the truth ?
dump him hes oviously not interested
need alot of answers so shoot
that you are the one and only..
unless your best friend is suggesting this to you i say no way .
call her and tell her how much you love her
this guy and i got really close this past few weeks .
are you sending him the wrong message ?
just do n't tell them u are a virgin .
i luv not having 2 worry about n e body but myself .
i dont like big tits ! )
that 's one of the things love 's all about ... .honesty
i would probably break up with him .
we are better liers than guys are ...
do n't you have guys you like that you do n't date ?
to get over him just play with guys
it 's just gon na remain a mystery to all ! !
? i promise i wo n't bring my friends along ! ...
she knew i was there & i love her .
otherwise if you slowly appproach ... her body language will let you know
it doesnt mean he doesnt love you .
crushing on a guy , and knowing he likes me too ?
either he 's really super busy or he 's a putzs !
hang out with him a couple times and see what he is like
the waves in boracay normally dont get that big eventhough its raining ...
they are just dreams you know .
and am i always going to have to struggle to make ends meet .
take it slow and you try to make it perfect .
because there head is not on their shoulders !
no , i know jim he is .
do n't ya love it when a man does that s-hit ?
a dinner date in a cruise , so sweet !
do you have a pic page or something .
you are the scum of the earth ! ! !
just means that they are n't playing games with their sexuality .
different times for different ladies , chump
oh , um , well it depends on your relationship .
if you love others , they will love you back
trust me i am a relationship dr .
boohoo for me because i still think of him .
or just pretend he isnt there .
nope , but who is really happy anyway ?
u do n't need to worry about that .
there is no way that that 's the problem .
realize mom and dad are happy being apart .
so how do i get it to come out again ?
your a guy love is a very wierd thing .
or whatever , he 's a dumb guy anyway !
if it doesnt mean anything then y is she goin out w/ another gurl ?
asian women are like the women of old .
i will say wait till she 's ready to wear a bra .
i prefer a friend to whom i can talk !
make him think u have intrest in his best-friend
send your ex a nice valentines day gift .
it ai n't over till the fat lady sings !
do n't say that because most guys arent stupid .
you 're making me feel like i just had two benadryl ...
and does it matter if your shy ?
and if i got my ass dumped for it , i 'd deserve it .
doesnt mean he doesnt care about you .
most bad kissers are bad kissers cuz they dont even know they are .
heck no move one , been there done that sheet .
if u dont doubt him anymore.. ur instincts r always d best sign
dark hair , dark eyes , olive skin
i only care who she is now .
to risky if you ask me ( which you just did ) .
when the ache from the love consumes perhpas ...
just hit me up and we 'll talk about this one .
they dont want to be your friend anymore ?
no dear its not a good idea untill and unless u get a perfect partner
did you ask him what lead him to cheat ?
that is just too much skin for me ! ! ! ! ! ! !
wait , even now all thier stuff is bullshit .
then u distract her and bail out !
invite him for a dinner or movie !
love them because god loved you first ... ... ...
so you can lean from it
the same reason most women are stupid !
learn how to spell cant understand your question
find someone better , someone you deserve .
im not sure but you have to be careful .
try a card if you cant just say i love you
dont force it because you might make a mistake .
why should she miss anyone who in the first place wasnt hers ?
no , because my breast to big
i see it online everywhere.. i was just wondering
not very sexy if you ask me .
talk this one out girl before you make a bigger mistake ...
well how old are u and i would like to be ur friend
yes get out of there quick
they just think differantly than you .
just move on with your life and find someone else .
i think you got a boyfriend .
the one i had with your mom .
do any other girls feel the same.. ?
i like him but i do n't know if he likes me .
sometimes it dosnt matter if you no how to use it .
what kind of friend are you looking for ?
how much does your balls sweat ?
but lately he avoids me & wont even talk to me .
dance for him with something sexy !
i like girls with nice personalities
i like school teachers ... but i 'm not one .
but sometimes he acts like he still does .
depends how far you would let me go ...
and have a happy valentines day !
have i told ... you lately that your cuuuuuuuuuuuutee !
keep your head high and dont give up hope if things dont work out !
ask her out on a casual date .
and do not encourage your girlfriend to become a stirpper .
because that description surely screams flirting ! ! ! ! ! !
yeah my boyriend is crazy abou my toes !
if you love someone then you sacrifice being with other people .
good luck and have a nice day !
when i had sex with a guy who worked like a machine .
do he still like me r is he playing games
if you only want your ex then leave the rest alone .
theres no need to keep playin games .
ur probably so d*mn ugly he has no choice but to look .
if she likes you - great .
come on yaar its ok now .
just be like hey lets kick it some time !
maybe he thinks its your fault that u have a baby .
you ca n't really tell that soon , i do n't think .
if she is getting jealous then their must be a reason why .
he needs to see what it 's like firsthand .
find me for alot of fun !
do n't let these girls lie to you !
a question that left you busting up laughing
you are truely a sad case ! ! ! ! ! !
and you can even tell him why if he ask .
what if the people were guys ?
girl , it 's not going to last , go out and have fun !
maybe because you are differant than every one else !
besides ... do we really want our moms to be liars ?
everytime i talk about it he says i am pushing him .
i would think that he is having sex with someone eles .
remember that this guy needs to help pay for your expenses , too .
lol you juos laugh out loud and you should feel better
he is a guy what do you expect
y does the skin color matter ? ?
get over yourself and go to that wedding !
my e-mail is jakb6hsm @ yahoo.com i like new friends
do n't be a wimpy , winey , wuss .
i like the woman to be loud though !
if he has money and isnt a kreep stay !
cheat on you then write a note .
if you ask him i dont think he would lie to you .
have a good life , do n't let him way you down .
the guy you are talking to is a psychopath , a control freak .
but there is no guys in this town ( worth dating ) !
i want her , to want me ... .
did his boss give him a hard time ... ?
and she just has this constant fear .
beautiful girls can be found everywhere , just look around you ! !
because distance makes lies harder to hide .
should i go back or stay home ?
most guys are n't really stupid , you 're just meeting the wrong people .
unless it was a good dream , of course .
what comes aorund goes around sweetheart .
depends on the man of course !
say adios to her , life is waaaayyyyy too short !
u know we do it too !
the boy is 14-16 years old and he likes me .
but if you decide to go for it ... .have fun !
do things that makes you happy .
its not good to date them all
ever heard of a pajama party ? ? ? ?
i 've been there it the place is really great ...
but to answer your question no there is no way to understand men .
just wanting to meet friends in amsterdam
that is like asking if love ever existed ... not everyone is bad .
! are you some kind of schizoprinia ?
what do you like bieng asked ?
do crazy stuff like cover yourselves in whipped cream or something tasty .
dont jsut wait for something good to happen .
like he is really cute then what do you do then
even if they laugh at the time .
i 'm not sure what to do
if its because you like someone else- say that .
makes 4 quick access i guess ?
he got waaaay too many girl friends help me im confused ! !
you can stop trying to control her life ?
i 'm just trying to avoid any quarrels ... she gets jealous pretty easily !
why so many men dream about living with an asian girl .
but i guess it really depends on if you want an emotinal attatchment .
close your eyes and do your thing
once a cheat , always a cheat ...
talk to me -- you ca n't be that lonely ! !
because , in all honesty , that is so sexy just in itself .
get with somone more in tune with your maturity level
i would not be attracted to her in the first place
and take a good look in the mirror .
he got what he wanted ... he is done with you .
most guys , as you probably know , are horny all of the time .
if you 're considering taking him back do n't .
send him a message from ur mobile !
god moves in many ways ?
when u r at least 16
he loves you for being his only !
and your time and your life !
he 'll understand and think nothing of it .
hope that helps ( if even a little ) .
if he is unwilling to lick it then do n't let him stick it .
yeah ... i did that and it sucked !
get her things that actually mean something .
depends on how old are you
having younger friends will help make up think & feel younger = )
say back off bitch i hate u
i do n't think the hubby desearved to have it !
you get in life what you pay for .
yeah its possible ... it happens a lot to me
if he 's cheating then kick him to the curb .
no there is no way that girls will ever understand guys .
party it up while your young .
i heard your geting married , when it is ?
try some honesty , it works for me
him asking you out is up to him , you blew it .
but i absolutely love italian women !
still trying to figure that one out myself
why their more exciting sports are the ones with a lot of contact ?
first of all , that 's not typical of a guy .
except that did n't end too great ... : (
think about it before that way you wont get tunge tied
do it when you are married
she does it again , shame on you .
okay so about 3 months ago this all started with flirting .
go out with ur ld friends to meet other new friends .
he will accidently run into u out & about .
maybe even try to hook him up with a friend !
i found someone at a strip club whom i married .
but i may whant it more then guys .
they actually have younger brains than we do .
him nd i met through a friend ( his bro . )
you should think it through very good .
yes there are , i am not one of them .
just like most of the time guys dont understand girls .
your bestfriend is not a friend if he had sex with your girl .
the least she could say is no .
it feels bad and sad ok bye
is sad how some people are..
listen to the song baby baby stay gone by jimmy wayne .
i dont even talk to other guys .
you back up everything you say to her it 's pretty simple
if it doesnt fit in the mouth
i have been to a few .
not all gals , but some do .
i would stop calling and see if he misses you and calls you !
ur future is not bright it ; ll leads u to death .
what are indications of a man flirting ?
why should u kill that innocent baby
your guess is as good as mine .
well mine is 8 to 9 inchs
strike 1 , he no like kids .
best friends always come before girls .
a girl who loves him and cares about him .
do n't run he is just talking .
if this guy says no he wo n't help .
ignore it when people start rumors .
if you find out how let me know.good luck
no , i am not soft , just trying to be fair .
theres this hella hot guy in my neighberhood .
i am a gemini actually but honestly spiking i dnt bliv in horoscopes .
it 's the only thing real serious ladies are serious about .
and i do n't really think too much about it .
do n't say to much stuff.say hi ! !
hold your head up and smile .
all i can say is do n't look back .
is it ok for me to have sex with my gf ?
i went to clubs and that was just for a fun night .
would have sex with more than one guy at once ?
personally i dont think that that is useful .
yes because almost all men are like that
its all up to you.just dont look too hard .
it does not mean good things for you as far as dating her goes .
my guy friends all say confidnece ( not arrogance though ) is sexy .
sleep with his brother , or best friend .
do n't send an im that says asl ?
im telling you this from personal experience .
but woman do talk about it alot !
she did it once , shame on her .
it can even help your relationship
so spill the beans and let it fall where it lands .
i saw them last year they were great etc
do you really want someone that does n't know what he wants ?
let her try on a sports bra .
( you all know you were thinking it ! ! )
i do n't know you to love you !
you get bored easily when with him/her .
you know your man , if you trust him do n't worry .
you know what you should do .
the gay guys love listening to them .
if he did call it was atleast once a week .
most guys arent stupid , u just associate with the stupid ones
my wife said it just depends on her mood at the time
well if u are really lookin for advice ... do n't do it ...
is it coz he doesnt trust me ?
sorry its always gona be aucword and kinda weiro ish .
divorce is not something that kids like .
tell her there 's something you 've been wanting to tell her .
i ca n't believe he is telling you .
i believe being with someone is the best !
keep it that way no matter how mad she gets .
ask her why she in the relationship and how she feel about you
i like it from the back ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
they like it up on top or bent over bow-wow style !
follow ur heart ... wat feels rite 2 u ?
do n't let some other girl get a chance with your crush .
love without sex and sex after marriage is best
that has 2 be the worst thing to do to your friend roght now !
hope you get some new friens soon ...
are u wanting to get married ?
sex is like air & water .
do n't give him too many chances .
well ... if you like her guess it is ok .
but i would not agree that girls should attack first !
depends on if you are a girl too or not .
is that a question for a guy ?
try looking someplace besides the losers section .
give him a chance and some time to get to know your children .
wait and see what she has to say .
ease into it , do n't just jump on him .
it is called , he 's just not that into you .
you have to be confident flirt with us a lil but be sweet too .
but i really really like him
most of all - have fun !
however , that does n't mean it 's over .
i know he would n't want me to either !
iam sure they think the same thing about girls .
to show sumone actions or phrases in like of that person
if he did , he would n't cheat .
but we never got together , because i was with his best friend *matt .
and you should be very respectable about it to .
ok he is 14-16 and you are how old ? ?
but that takes time to develope .
honey just come right out and tell him about the phone call .
you said it yourself hes in love with another lady !
i would hit it even if she was still dripping from his sex
my friends ca n't stand him and constantly picks on him .
get used to guys that just want to use you .
it 's fate that does that : )
a picnic lunch in a beatiful , quiet , private setting .
wan na be careful you do n't end up in that hostel..
if its something you enjoy then whats wrong with that ?
when you want to give him a bear hug everytime you see him
everything reminds me of him and wat used to be .
its so natural , why make issue out it ?
did he do it on purpose ? ? ?
i was thinking about how to kiss her next time : )
but this girl i really do love .
as long as she is n't thier boss .
a not circumcised penis is pretty nasty ! ! ! !
from my on experince it depend 's on the both of you .
i 'm 13 years old and 5'10 .
have a fun and interessing honeymoon !
dont take action , cuz she'llget hers eventually .
life is like that , everyone hurting each other .
just ask him if he would mind if you sent such pics .
no but you should take care of it before you try to get preganant
if he says its nothing , tell him you 're not stupid .
did you not say for better or worse .
anytime he says come here , there you go right behind him .
a baby ca n't decide if it wants to live or die .
where is he working.. how many hours ... ask him .
18 i think no need to rush though .
some guys really dont like any playing with their bums .
however i really do love her .
i do n't think he does n't trust you .
i like this one guy who used 2 be in my class .
i just like to get some advice .
im soooooooooooo loud we got complaints from our neighbors ... no joke
he will defnetly get it at one point
no one can control their dream .
have n't you seen the paris hilton video yet ? ! ! ? !
go out with one of his friends and see how he takes it ...
he probably thinks it 's a good thing .
the admiration s not enough reason to kiss
and crying is ok ... .but talking is more productive .
knocked up girls lose intrest that way .
talk to the guy and figure out wut made him act like such a jerk
would i date a stripper , probably not .
you no longer want to see his/her face .
he did n't care if he knew ! ! !
they used to be best friends , but now they arent .
she never got over you the first time ...
be young - have fun ... do n't take life so seriously .
sorry but no , get a job
i dont like to hurt anyone .
no , he just likes to talk to you
your 3 year already has a daddy
all i really want is my ex to realize that i only want him .
find some barry white stuff , it works .
looking back , i am not really sure why i did it !
maybe cause u sound so sorry
i kind of ruined jons friendship with matt .
i 'd give you 100pts for that one ! ! ! !
they have lots of great suggestions on there .
start talking about kids around your parents
i found out my gf was really a boy .
you just answered your own question .
some are 'snugglers ' , some are not .
do n't be dumb like i have been .
and i say this because its true ... ..its not the only thing .
or he tells you he does n't wanto do it rigth now ?
then i started smoking and drnking .
why waste your time on someone that would disrespect you in that way ?
ca n't he get a girl to share hers with him ?
my advise : dont go out with a stranger .
go to iraq and keep in touch .
at times i think only sex .
they just want to be loved
but he tells me that they dont mean anything to him .
move on girl @ go have fun !
i think you just lust for him .
no , seriously.. do n't get him another dog !
for me a girl beein mature !
was i not attractive to him that night ?
i 'd work with him some more .
i for one dislike fake boobs .
you have to take a stand .
but your bf is n't you bf .
men want ladies out in public , and sluts at home in the bedroom .
give him a bl*w job once in a while .
maybe a hot bath for both of you !
go intoroduce yourself , smile , be nice to her ...
are u matuer enough to handle a serious relationship ?
when women get togeather thats one of the main toppics .
odds are you would n't get married anyway so find someone new !
because we make them nervous and their brains jus go out the window !
becuase they usually just like to make you feel bad .
and they are more romantic.. that what i think..
you are too young and too many things can go wrong .
yes it is beneficial to not have sex .
a guy too tired for sex ?
youare no old in fact you need to do things that you like doing ?
do n't let him see you down .
honey , trust me i am a guy .
do you prefer circumcised or foreskin and why
how do i get out of it ?
no , that makes u the girl of my dreams ! ! !
we get to know eachother better
believe that you will find your true love someday ... just have faith ...
once a cheater always a cheater !
we fall for girls of all shapes and sizes ... ..every guy is defferent
of course.. just tell him everything you know
and he thought i enjoyed myself .
she tells me that she really loves me .
count me in for that : )
only if u guyz r best friends
he did n't love you , know how i know ?
your charming smile baby , which costs nothing
do n't let a man walk all over you .
jesus - why not poke every man 's eyes out ?
it means that u 've got a new little sister !
i am 26 and i waited until i was married to have sex .
yes its ok , everyone is attracted to other people .
do guys even think that is cute/sexy ?
but now he ignores me again .
you dont want to lose him as a friend .
get some cool electronics out of the deal .
start showin him more lovin attention !
may god and your fellow soldiers preserve you
but you are n't really asking anything here ... ..
i agree with rockhead do n't tell anyone
you should have sex when you 're horny .
2. my 1st time ( & last ) time having sex while watching telivision .
u cant get married in jail
why do n't you just email him your question ?
because most of them are horny assholes that ca n't get any .
look around you everyone is beautiful
see how it goes from there
u are surfing the net..yahoo answers obviously !
i dunno..i just know that i just gained 2pts .
because pain is pleaser , & when one bleeds it 's like an orgasm !
i would n't take it that seriously , it 's only a dream .
that means you can have your cake and eat it too ! ! ! !
it 's time to move on ... maybe it hurts but that 's life .
dont hurt him but dont hurt yourself either ...
it 's just the way of life
we 're not talking about flirting as in playing dumb .
when my girlfriend bit my cock off and ate it
so theres a lot more out there then what is happening right now .
u can hold a 12hr coversation witha boy just talking about himself .
1. marriage is not a joke !
sounds like a break up to me ... ... ..
its the same reason mine is .
she will always be there 4 you , care about you
i fell to my knees , i wo n't ever forget that weird moment .
just be original.that 's all you got ta do .
because they are to in love and they think that theres hope
it 's like your happy most of the time and you 're always glowing .
( careful if hes a non-understanding homosapien )
you cant and i would be disrespectful to the minister
got a good cast iron skillet ?
any man who doesnt like kids is a coward to responsibility ! !
if you ca n't take it to be his friend then leave him alone
you feel the best feeling uve ever felt in your whole life
and what does it stands for ?
if you can ( and its about love ) , its probably good .
not all guys it depends on the guy .
yes it is but are you in love ?
because red is blody color but we sey blue is love
they end up thinking you ` re a total bastard .
as long as that person says it 's ok .
especially if your used to having sex on a regular basis .
or maybe someone is trying to break you guys apart .
having sex with a guy who was toooooo smallllll ! ! !
what 's so shameful sex is freakin ' awesome !
i cant stop thinking about him .
that 's more exciting u know.shyness sucks .
do n't spend a lot of money .
i wouldnt dump my girl over those i have gotten nude pics from .
just look at her eyes and smile .
could n't have been bad if they married anyway .
friend , spouse , or even your family members .
but , to make this person stay with u is a dificult part .
if ur in bangalore i am here : )
he lies to me and hangs up in my face .
takes a lot of patience , i bet .
what in the hell should i say ? ?
but , we are happy and enjoy life !
i start quiet and get louder and louder and then ... .baaaammmm ! !
i ca n't help thinking , was it me ?
not all guys care only about sex .
prob his way of good time is sex .
it really depends how ugly she is .
so just make sure she knows how much you love her .
well then recognize what you dont want to
o and trust me it can get bad ! ! !
guys r not scared of the word love .
would u make out with him , even if u werent officially going out .
your wrong on that one personal issues huh ?
when you cant get that person off your mind
i would ask her if it was urs
how could anyone not like kids ? ? ?
and their friends will bad talk you to theirs and so on and so on
never let anyone tell you different
jealousy is a heck of a demon to fight .
- dress up & act ladylike .
if that does n't do it , then i 'm stumped .
i do n't like the way they cus .
the rest is just window dressing .
well he wont be married much longer .
i mean beauty is skin deep !
u r not considered unless u do it back in return .
she was kind of this outcast punk rocker chich with big blue eyes .
i actually prefer hispanic men above all !
if i do then why would i be snooping around in his stuff ?
not love , but who knows right ?
but definately force her because no bra is very unattractive .
probably the flirting led you to beleive he did want more ?
in places where there are black men ... duh !
hell no , u must be smart
if youre talkin about here , the internet , that is a wrong place .
ive actually heard alot of guys say that thye prefer virgins .
because they are an orgasm addict
if so how many years have you been married ?
try yes if u like him and no if u dont !
stop thinking about what could be and dreaming .
some places to go to : beaches , restaurants , ... etc .
yes tell him the worst he will do is say no
hay just be friends with him
after i busted him cheating of course .
well try kissing him ... are there any sparks ?
yeah but you get more horny than fall in love
games , games games , do n't play them , you always loose .
just remember a man is stll a man .
so ... ... you wanta have sex or not ? ! !
if he gets the point , then stick it out ...
and when she does , all she dreams about is him .
dont compromise your salvation for anyone .
yes , i guess i like the thugish type of guys .
just do n't tell her you love her too early .
they can never be what you are .
i care about him a lot , and i miss him .
u broke up leave it 2 him
maybe she 's not a material kind of girl .
its basically deciding who i want to marry .
later on that month things started changing .
really tell her to think twice .
how about a nice homemade personalised gift !
there not the kind of guy you want .
have you ever had a fallout like that ?
you dont even know how old he is ? ? ?
as little as possible forgive and forget
older as in 3 - 5 yrs so he 's alot matured
movies are fun , but it doesnt provide much bonding .
she tried to use the credit cards and learned they did not work .
i can tell u that all girl think different .
dreams are just that dreams and it is our brain working things out .
but be extra careful , you 're playing with fire !
knock that bastard upside his head .
you might not like it but pretend to .
marriage is better , no one said that it was going to be easy .
if not someone will find u
how old r u well that does n't even matter run
i 'm just not attracted you anymore .
if i did , yahoo answers would not be where i would look !
if you try it once ... its menas you tried it once .
i get hungry twice a day .
i laughed my ass off when i read it .
friends are hard to come by..
so thats why i went with matt .
my yahoo chat name used to be 'iscreamifyoudoitright '
just ask her she 'll probably like you to have some help
she or he will get it .
my wife gave me a kiss and took off with the kids .
undress yourself infront of him u will know
then , i learned that he likes me .
if he has friends though then maybe he likes you .
why in the world would n't a guy date a virgin ?
did u watch movie the game ?
leave him alone or you might be running into trouble .
i have gotten dates , not as many as if i played stupid .
i bet you 'll fall for me once you see me .
but you 're probably too good for her anyway .
and if not the pet store ... just look around the barns .
just say i love me too .
its not so good for the person who has the available booty .
i asked him if he still liked me & he said no .
and look at pictures of guys .
do whats right and listen to your heart ! !
why do n't you have a job ?
just be a cool guy , don ` t take girls for granted .
she is using you to get over here ! ! !
u need to talk to him about it and tell him to stop
i need to know if its alright
have sex right before you go to bed
if he speaks about it then listen to him and show that u care .
do n't even do that to yourself ! ! !
same reason why men do it ! ~ ^_^
dude you forget about that you move on you find someone who loves you
a boyfriend thats his friend to .
if you are a boy then sure !
ask her permission if in doubt ! !
in no way do you need him or anyone bring you down .
i could n't hurt someone i cared about that way .
have u cheated on her in the past ?
i cant stand a woman like that .
no but u can be so one 's bi***
secret admirier notes , with clues leading up to you
repeat donot tell him face to face .
no never u have to get to know her
love will find a way , if you guys really are meant to be ...
this is the problem in america !
either you get along with this person or you do not .
we think we are giving them signals but they dont get it .
maybe you should not be worried at all .
my husband and i moved in after 2 weeks go 4 it
ai n't the size kiddo , it 's how u use it .
1.when you hear that love song and all you think about is them .
but do you love somebody ?
but even if , she 's still ur friend .
do u have irish in you ?
maybe that is why it is called fantazys
some learn it and do well , others do not .
but they dont have to be half naked .
so if you find the answer let me know .
i am really mature so do n't mess with me !
until then , quit being such a jerk .
if you really like him you will just know .
not a bad person at all ! !
i doesnt matter if u do it right !
people do n't do things they do n't get something out of .
i believe a woman should make her own decission .
you should call him and ask him
i am a 20 yo female .
people have lots of reasons why they have not found that right person .
you can still be friends ... hell even friends with benefits .
and you really want him to ask you to marry him
look forget the fu ? k and go out with me ! ! !
and just do it , if yo wait you will never get anywhere .
look you just have to be normal .
every once in a while , i wo n't , just for a change .
have i told ... you lately ... that i lub you ... ?
well it cna mean many differnt things .
i say , look what you wearing .
when youlike a guy who like you back
that you aint getting none homie
she should decide to prevent getting pregnant .
i do n't like a big cry baby though !
we have flurted may times but i just do n't know *_*
but i took an instant dislike for him .
just speak with your eyes baby !
why get married ... . just become some ones biotch
u 've got ta accept the sad truth .
do n't you love your xgf at all ?
so it 's either get over him , or wait .
beside now this days its hard to find a virgin !
repeat after me ... .you are a lying dirt face !
-im just wondering- -thanks for answering-
i care for him a lot , but only as a friend .
first , who broke up with who ?
dress like a decent lady and you will find nicer guys .
i 'll try anything once and again if i like it
i do n't know are u ready for one ?
jon told me to stay with matt .
he will b pleasently suprised and will luv all the more for it : )
& i told him yes very .
if you 're not planning to marry him , why bother ?
the problem is that the girls that do smell.. think they do n't .
tell him to go to hell ! ! ! !
get yourself some self esteem and dump his ass .
its probably that woman do n't like wussies !
but yeah , guys do think about sex more than girls .
mayb its cuz ur doin something wrong ! !
older doesnt mean that his foot is in d grave.. lol .
are there reasons you do not trust him ?
hand the mofo a toilet brush .
hit me up if u want more ... digital_lyricist at yahoo dot com .
if you want to get married then do so .
astrology is a bunch of bunk .
ask him straight up , if he wants to marry you .
but to much of a good thing can turn in to a bother .
cuz they have a one track mind
have your fun now when you are single .
because its called lust , which is a sin .
i guess i just have some anxiety about it .
but my new girl really means a lot to me .
make sure it 's a good , clean fun .
now you get two of everything .
theres a mr right for every girl .
go to movies , sight seeings etc .
well now , that kind of difficult .
what you need to do is get mad ! ! !
maybe she wants to have sex but not with u .
where do u get these stats ?
i love having phone sex w/my bf .
just tell him to his face in a nice way , that its over .
its easy find someone to marry you in the jail
what if some guy would ask , why are all woman s1uts ?
do n't let anybody ever tell you different .
i am an old fashioned kind of guy .
if you are with an unsaved ( sinner ) you are a sinner too .
maybe she also got the same feeling as u are ... ... ... ... ..
why not get a job and send him money ?
give her something really nice and then ask right there on the spot .
then she will think you are really hiding something .
stop thinking about looks and start looking at people on how they treat u
can any1 here speak clear english ?
it 's about the one you 're with .
who could say no to that ?
repeat after me it 's not my fault !
i got 2 : u judge for yrself .
she asked me about my feelings ...
then one day he started flirting with me .
only if u feel like u need a boyfriend .
no because the same thing happened to me but it might be different
would it bother him if you did were asking guys for pictures ?
u r jus experiencing new things which is a gud thing .
if not it was n't meant to be .
flowers , not roses that might be too strong .
no , i think you cant spell .
you most likely can do alot better .
that would be none of your business !
it may to late to attempt abort .
so i will tell you what alot of the guys i know dream of .
boys love themselves its sick man .
if she likes you then she should know that your new at it .
it depends on u. but would u want to ?
if you like another guy though you should probably just say that !
and hes not a druggie or nothing like that .
just be friendly not fwd i.e .
and he probuble did not awnser your calls cause he was truely bussy
ask them wen theyre hooked up 2 a lie detectotr
i like him but..im not in love with him .
i would just be straight up with your friend .
you can do better , doll !
tell him your baby is in need of him
i feel old too and i 'm 20 .
do n't blow it on a thing called sex .
y cant they just treat us with respect ?
i would say in most cases yes
plus , women are n't just ready you need to help ...
do n't ask let him say it on his own
dont drag it out , but make it short and to the point .
would u like to be called stupid ?
i dunno cuz me and my fiance are like that to .
i also like kids ... but i 'm not one .
it 's not just a guy thing .
do you see yourself happy for the rest of your life with this person ?
i need advice from other ppl .
dump the one you have ( trust me : she 'd be shocked !
then a personality that is n't too bad .
i dont think that girls are bad liars .
its only normal to cool off i guess .
you need to ask yourself if you like him !
does n't sound like a good mate to me.. but that 's just me .
if you like guys and girls , then you are bi .
he should have the heart not play w/ sum1s heart .
first , choose only one guy , you love .
but men are people to and have feelings just like us ladies do .
i ca n't think of any reasons .
i really mature for my age too .
when you find your gem hopefully he 'll want you for you
the problem is , how can i say no and still remain good friends ?
you will always wonder if you never tell him the truth
make it slow and steady ... opss i 'm a man ...
good things come to those who wait .
show her she 's important and not your stupid friends
but hes as clueless as i am .
i have been nothing but nice to her everyday ... .what should i do ?
what kind of father does that make him ? ? ?
maybe the both of you need time apart .
an easy way of saying he just wants to be a booty call .
or just excited about being in love ?
if he wants to be friends thenso be it .
have u ever wondered why they have to fight ?
because that is all they ever thing about ...
we 're not mind readers you know ...
sometimes guys say that stuff to play you .
umm..prolly because you 're single and could n't get a date ? ?
if you get tied up in mess your going to come out with mess .
or , one day , slap him with a kiss !
all guys do it even when they 're married
i love to dream , about different men , i guess it 's okay .
but you 'll never catch a woman admitting to it !
if you asking this it means that you love your wife .
brush your mouth twice..there will be no trouble..
what to do is simple know her/his emotions and talk about such emotion things
it just depends on how it is .
you wo n't meet anyone too serious unless you got a big dick .
it that true i tryed taking to him but he wont return my calls .
and tell them how sad you are .
come to romania with me , i already live there : ) !
you wake up and one day just know .
they 're happy , so it could work for you too !
believe me , you do not mess with a friend 's younger sister .
if all you want is to be with him , stay with him .
lets talk on yahoo shrunkenmann_thegrass ( 100 % girls only )
i would n't worry about the embarrasment factor there .
youhave some work to do there .
comunication but are you sure u wan na do that
as for what to do ... dont do anything .
no only if they are sick
and if not , you will show him how .
) ... ..i am looking for virgin girl as i havent sex yet .
yeah your mom is going out with him
he will love you so much more ...
he must have been a friend at one time .
the phrase to use is , hey , i got enuff friends
try yahoo personals to see if you like some guy .
then tell him that if he 's interested , u could go out sometime .
maybe my mother , but that 's another story !
you might be too hot for your own good .
go on a cruise and push her overboard .
dont push her or tell her you love her .
beause they dont think with the head on their sholders .
believe in yourself ... it is very sexy !
i have dated several bi females and its a turn on bigtime ! ! !
no , it just like he loves exchanging girlfriends every now and then .
so i guess a little of both
make love with a loved one .
yeah like lumbeeman said , have your bff tell him for you
yes he is a man that is what we do !
but everytime i get back its the same crap over again .
just try to let him know you !
so we always meet and i feel like him .
maybe he 's just checkin ' if you 're alright .
with love will be full of sweet meanings
sure , feel free to chat me up anytime ... ..
your still going to feel you can not trust men .
you ca n't really expect to give him anything too pricey !
believe wat u want 2 blive .
sense of humor is very important
he says he respects tht i wan na wait and undetrsatnds ! !
but if ur ok w/ it , and it should b ok !
u will prove to be a great sis ! ! !
i guess people want what they ca n't have .
you can like who ever u like
you should definately tell her to wait .
because if you 're not , it will be dry sex and will hurt .
wat do i do with both of them ?
unless you absolutley love it i would say no !
there are men who do n't care at all about what they look like .
where do u want it to go ?
maybe its because he is not lonely .
try being the women then i am sure ull find one .
does anybody know what love is any more .
we try to make females comfortable .
and ask yourself if he is a decent person and is nice .
i have a friend who had the hood of her clitoris pierced very very cool
no everything everyone else said is true also .
tell her while in a middle of a conversation to surprise her
if he does that means he really cares for you .
as long as u r true.true love u will find anywhere .
see if she emails you back or find out in person .
easier to move on , two wrongs do n't make a right .
someone is tracking his every step .
tell her to find something to do with her life .
you 'll be unable to do what your speaking about .
he will love you more .
my wife kissed me , then left with the children .
my contact information is jakb6hsm @ yahoo.com . i enjoy meeting new people .
i do not know . perhaps i am simply incapable of lying too much .
that is what i decided on matt .
you can go to the beach or a restaurant .
it does not mean that he does not love you .
i like the doggystyle position .
you should hit him on the head .
talk to him first .
i really do not think much about it .
however , each time i return , the same difficulties arise again .
if she likes you , she will accept that you 're a beginner .
you certainly should ! you ought to break up with him .
we are now friends after i asked her to dance .
i reccommend that you call her and inform her of your feelings for her .
it is good that you are experiencing new things .
what they said is true .
you will loose it if you do not use it .
do not be late , someone else may take the opportunity .
yes , it is , but are you in love ?
on the contrary , he tells me that they have no meaning for him .
employ a replacement individual to inform him on your behalf .
i believe he was a friend once .
you sister may have a suitable solution for you problem .
that depends on your gender .
are you implying that i am not a good person ?
there are many young women on earth .
press ahead and leave this behind , my friend . have fun .
that should not be a factor at all if you like her .
why would she miss someone that was never hers in the first place .
no one can ever be exactly what you are .
you feel them , not see them .
do not worry about those types of things .
as a male , i think it relates to sex .
a query which resulted in your hysterical reaction .
you should not marry her , she is using you to her benefit .
you will need good luck .
you should look over photos of young men .
i 'm uncertain since my spouse-to-be and myself both have that quality .
i make so much noise our neighbors have made complaints against us .
well , he wo n't be in a marriage for a significant future period .
i think the same thing about wrestling .
you will feel it , and that is when you will know .
if you find the answer to that question , please let me know .
listen to your intellect and emotions .
jealousy is a difficult emotion to overcome .
in my opinion , it would be interesting .
honey , you can trust me because i am a guy
ask your older sister again .
read this and tell her to stop .
i am confused because he has too many female friends .
i believe being in a relationship is wonderful .
just kiss him out of the blue one day .
i intensely want to resume our relationship .
at least he would like for you to be involved .
seducing women feels like an achievement .
tell him to go away .
you 're not genuinely required to request her romantic partnership .
there is not even free lunch , or even fireworks .
i enjoy receiving advice .
you have to be normal .
it 's difficult ambulating to converse with a woman .
do not ask via text as that is just lame .
planning is good , but do n't plan excessively .
she has been living for you .
i was chatting with a man for approximately two hours .
you are very earth-friendly .
that only mean that you like yourself .
defend yourself no matter what happens .
the duplicate reason that the majority of women are simpleminded .
your life will be over if you try that .
i very much want to but i do not want to do it meaninglessly .
why be so worried sweetie , love conquers all in the end !
trust me , i consider myself a relationship doctor .
however , that takes some time to develop .
regardless of sex , god is happy when two people have mutual love .
men want women to behave nicely in public and promiscuously in private .
i have no certainty , prepare his dinner meal , demonstrate your empathy .
she does not want you .
no , i do not care about that of my boyfriend .
you could go out with one of his friends and then gauge his reaction .
you have some work to do .
what enjoyable activities can i do with her after school ?
we are better liars than men .
they all feel you are a jerk .
at that point , determine if he desires to continue being together .
do not act as though you are pure .
i suggest that you introduce yourself .
do not do anything .
he is more mature because he is three to five years older .
do not be foolish and ill-advised . you should strife for average in intelligence .
now , most people have had past sexual experiences .
basically , it is deciding who i want to marry .
he 's untruthful , and disconnects the phone when i 'm speaking .
if you wait , you will not get anywhere .
is he ruining his life ?
no , but in any case who is really happy ?
do you like someone asking you for a date ?
everything reminds me of him and what it used to be .
after one month , i can fall in love .
why does my former boyfriend continue attempting to arouse jealousy ?
what is the worst thing that they could say ?
have one of your family members take pictures and recording if you rent .
i do not get overly concerned about it .
are you and your partner still together ?
pretend to like it , even though you may not .
find some barry white songs , they work for setting the mood .
you do not have to have a relationship .
i am a twenty year-old woman .
however , an excess of positive circumstances may transform into a hindrance .
and you merely want to be genuine .
it is okay to be emotional while talking to her .
it is about the one with whom you are .
i suggest that you focus first on becoming a friend to a woman .
i would be very disappointed if i got taht same kiss today .
my girlfriend is perfect , my love , my everything .
it is hard to find friends .
i know because my ex did the same thing to me .
a little bit of both .
behave naturally and observe the occurrences .
you will say 'you ca n't hurt me anymore ' when you are angry .
go get a breast reduction , and you 'll look great .
you are not getting any , my friend .
he is just talking , do not run .
they better not cheat on you and write you a note about it .
i made the right choice because i see him once in a while .
he is a 23-year-old guy who is a virgin .
it is dependent upon whether or not you still care for her .
it is alright for you to like him even if others do not .
he even had intercourse with the wife of his best friend .
they are very nice .
and what does it mean ?
who can assemble me again ?
i 'm sure they feel the same way about women .
i would be worried if they dodge the question and/or get angry .
i would like to have you next to me .
why do men continuously lie ?
mind your personal hygiene .
try searching somewhere other than where degenerates spend time .
do not do something which you will later regret .
i 've attended a small amount in the past .
i have dated guys who are tall and muscular .
in my opinion , most men are not unintelligent .
mine is large in size .
are you certain that is what you want ?
are you even still not familiar with the paris hilton video recording ?
i need someone i can really love .
both of you should attempt to be understanding , to adjust accordingly .
tell your family that the person makes you happy .
support her if she is fine with her appearance .
the man is married !
you have every right to be upset .
are you sure you want to be with someone unsure of what he wants ?
my friends do n't like him , and make fun of him often .
you are among the worst people in the world .
but , the difficult part is making this person stay with us .
go ahead and send a text message .
you are happy , mature , and attractive .
it is bad when men do that .
it can not be covered in hair .
look for a person who wants to spend their future with you .
he loves you because you are his alone .
he likely believes it is a good thing .
i still think about him .
it was a different time , with different ladies .
trust me when i say that you can not change them .
you do not need him or anyone else to degrade you .
you should let her know your true feelings .
simply behave as an unruffled man , refrain from treating girls presumptuously .
somewhere inside yourself you are strong .
she will break up her current relationship and make a move .
in such an event , what 's the duration of your marriage ?
that is another story .
would i tell my husband to leave ?
i 've heard that men prefer virginal women .
do you take issue with this ?
you are a sinner if the people you call friends are unsaved .
i recommend going to movies , going sight-seeing , and other similar activities .
we frequently meet and have similar feelings .
inform her that you 've been wishing to share with her some information .
you would n't want it just once .
you need to leave her .
i care very much regarding him . i yearn for him .
what is wrong with enjoying yourself ?
my friend claims she loves me .
she may have an underlying reason for eating like that .
does this sound familiar ?
they simply want to be loved .
i want her to be interested in me .
i 'm intending to say , a beautiful appearance is merely surface-level in depth .
you will be a good sister .
he started flirting with me one day .
men will be jealous that you 're interested in him , and not them .
it 's so natural , why make and issue out of it ?
i love my wife very much .
i am 26 years old and i waited until marriage to have sex .
do they hold the opinion that he lacks confidence ?
he does not want to use a condom .
i can not because i am starting to fall in love .
girls like it when you are odd .
someone you love will always be there whether you are happy or sad .
then you can certainly do these things together !
there is a simple answer , just do not do it .
have you tried hard ?
that description sounds surprisingly similar to flirtation .
i like him but i do not love him .
it does n't matter if you 're doing everything accurately .
do not be afraid to tell him what you want .
you are beginning to dislike the friends of the person to who you love .
but , do you know what i had to do to overcome this ?
you should try love because it is not bad .
my male friends say confidence is key .
i think about him all the time .
you can get ideas off the knot website .
you are already married , so what is the problem ?
he will ask for your hand in marriage .
i want a man to be true to himself .
you can do what you like .
if he does not do what you want , discipline him .
i know that he also would not want me to do it .
do n't tell him that you want to have intercourse .
be concerned when he sees someone else .
i do not know about love .
in yahoo ! chat , i communicate quite a bit in that forum .
you should become accustomed to men devaluing you as a person .
i do not like that .
one day you wake up with the knowledge .
trust me that i know , i am married .
you need to be careful before you get pregnant .
if he is trying to exert control over you , break off the relationship .
if someone loves you they will accept you regardless of anything .
love is love . god does not care .
it depends on the size of the male gentialia .
i tried to converse with him , but he has yet to call me .
my man works out so he has a nice bottom .
i would not doubt him .
raise yourself , because he has no obligation to feed you .
stay with him if you want to be with him .
i you are in bangalore , then i am here .
you must inquire of yourself whether you have feelings for him !
if she is not willing , stop trying to do it .
what did you do in that class ?
i am always attracted to boorish men . what is wrong with me ?
take her out , maybe go shopping .
it will cost you three points for each answer .
i could please use some advice from other people .
do n't simply stand around waiting for a good thing .
i need advice , my wife and i can not conceive .
it depends on the mood of my wife is in at the time .
if you email me , i will tell you everything that i know .
you 've admitted he is in love with someone else .
you should believe in yourself , which is really sexy .
because their thinking is not clear .
girls want attention , and some good chocolate .
i do n't appreciate that ignorant word .
it depends upon your age .
if you love other people , they will love you in return .
where he asked you out is his decision , and you made a mistake .
you will get out only what you put in .
have you ever comitted a felony ?
i want to be with my ex boyfriend .
oh goodness , that must have been a really hard feeling .
some males genuinely do not prefer any sort of contact with their derrieres .
love can be elusive to people until they actually fall in it .
not all men have sexual relations as their main focus .
there might be a reason for that behavior .
i do not think my bottom is like that of a chicken .
if he has friends , then maybe he is interested in you .
you are not considerate unless to return the favor .
but have fun if you decide to do it .
it was an eye-opening experience for me .
what are your thoughts on marriage ?
can i receive custody even though he has been staying hom with the child ?
i believe you have a boyfriend .
it can work for you too .
they are no longer best friends .
he even accepted my newborn daughter as his own child .
take it easy on the spending .
find out what it is you do n't want to do .
most men are in constant need of intercourse .
are you able to handle a serious relationship ?
give her one in front of everyone and observe her reaction .
have you read what you have written ?
you are the best at it .
no matter how long it takes to stop caring about them .
i can loan you a few dollars .
to surprise her , tell her in the middle of a conversation .
it seems to me that love does not die so quickly .
i want it more than guys do .
try thinking about how they feel .
what in the world should i do then ?
a woman wants many things from men .
if you want to listen to more , send me an email .
i agree , but i do n't feel that it is a poor decision .
exclusively one , the initial and the concluding .
the admiration is friendly and just not enough reason to kiss .
that is what men do .
he did not want a second chance .
perhaps you become too attached after intercourse and it frightens men into leaving .
does it matter since you received yours ?
women like strong men .
you need to be careful .
some men are just different .
do you still love him ?
keep your main boyfriend , and then go and find you a side lover !
it serves as the single item extremely sober-minded women are sober-minded in regard to .
i assume that you have attempted talking to him .
it is best to move on if he just wants to be friends .
do n't let anyone convince you otherwise .
why would you be mean if they are not ?
giving him a hug may not have been the best solution .
i am quite mature , so it would be unwise to cross me .
why did n't they tell you ?
there was a wolf and a lab .
send him a post card from bora bora .
yes it is possible ; in fact , it happens to me frequently .
furthermore , you are hoping that he will propose marriage to you .
a girl is testing you when she looks towards you .
thank you for helping to plan my wedding !
you will not be disappointed if you try it sometime .
you really should find a younger guy to date .
the ego is very conflicting .
it depends on the circumstances .
in my opinion a woman should make that decision for herself .
all the clues from the secret admirer led up to you .
is the a possibility you could be pregnant ?
you should ask him out on a date , if he is interested .
i discovered that my girlfriend was actually a man .
be friendly , not direct , etc .
existence possesses such a quality , individuals causing pain for one another .
i would be honest with him , he will most likely not care .
we have been talking approximately four to five months .
i hope you find new friends .
when i went out there i noticed the same thing !
how am i going to be able to handle not being a jealous girlfriend .
they are weak minded , it is not your fault .
how much does the child 's father participate ?
why was he imprisoned ?
you should state that you have enough friends .
they must accept it .
my friend has n't the slightest idea , that she has ruined my life .
you have to move on with your life and find someone new .
guy are able to retain female friends as well .
i am positive he will be satisfied .
pity does not cause me to have intercourse with you .
is it normal to have intercourse with one 's boyfriend ?
it does not have anything to do with you , though .
you should approach them first .
no one knows as in the end it is all up to you .
no , not unless they specifically said that it is no longer cancelled .
i do not think there is anythign wrong with it .
you are a forty-year-old woman and should look for someone around your age .
marriage results in people acting irresponsible and abusive .
i would believe he is having sex with another person .
it depends on how things are .
would you go out with me if i am a boy ?
it is not just for lovers .
would i endanger myself for a friend or a stranger ?
i am curious as to what this was all about .
we want to get to know eachother better .
he is about 14-16 years old , and he has a crush on me .
so , make sure she is aware of how much you care about her .
what are the signs of a man flirting with you ?
you ask her and see if she replies honestly .
flirt with them and say you love them .
time is of the essence , you should move on .
he screamed when he was looking for his razor .
neither of us could think of a preferable alternative .
find her something with meaning .
when she 's no longer attempting contact .
there is still a sense of hope for these young women .
do not say that because most men are not of low intelligence .
yes , i will not be in a relationship with a large man .
i know that he is jim .
it is when she infrequently has sex with you .
why would he refuse to speak with me ?
after that , i learned that he is interested in me .
i get hungry two times every day .
ask , she will probably like if you can help .
it would be in places where african american men are .
can you please look into it for me ?
but it really depends on the woman and her confidence in her natural beauty .
you need to be loyal , nice , friendly , and sweet .
you should keep it that way regardless of how angry she becomes .
at times is does not matter how you use it .
we try to make the ladies feel as comfortable as possible .
also that his genitals are small .
especially if you are used to regularly having intercourse .
due to them possessing singularly defined thinking .
you can tell him . unless he is gay , he would do that .
have i told you recently that i find you attractive ?
their brains are less mature than ours .
not love , but then again , who knows ?
he is not an addict .
any man can be a coward to responsibility .
simply observe your surroundings . i believe this is both hell and heaven .
i ca n't tell what you are saying , but it is profoundly true .
have fun or stay busy .
only if you feel like you are in need of a boyfriend .
your question is making people aware of the fact that you are unattached .
or i am merely afraid or timid .
be careful you are going down a dangerous pathway .
it will hinder your ability to do amusing things with people .
correct , i imagine i 'm attracted to criminal-type men .
do not be tied up ; go out and have fun .
you will find out quickly if you undress in front of him !
to a certain degree , i 'd retain an opportunity to engage with her .
if she loves him , she will wait .
it is only what is on the inside that matters .
do you suppose that married women perform fellatio ?
it has to be your choice .
do whatever makes you happy
men that have good looks most likely turn out to be vain .
my father is that way as well .
guys tell me that i am pretty .
she was aware of my presence and i have affection for her .
i do not believe in infatuation .
in my opinion , it depends on how mature the child is .
what does love mean anymore ?
not unless her age is twice your age .
which people are the most important to you ?
i hope he asks you on a date .
there is no way to acquire that information .
it means dating will be difficult for you .
but he is as ignorant as i am .
this is quite an egregious negative situation .
it depends upon whether you are also a young woman or not .
here is one last piece of advice : trust her .
it is not worth your time unless you enjoy being treated poorly .
it is not boring but fulfilling .
i am a handsome twenty-eight year old .
why do the women there possess facial hair ?
he enjoys flirting , and he is an attractive man .
who or what can i turn to for help ?
he will find a girl who loves and cares about him .
he will not help if he says no .
do not be said , because i expect things to get better .
do not hurt his feelings and keep quiet .
only if they desire the circumstance to as great a degree as you .
my girlfriend really likes anal sex .
perhaps you married the wrong man .
then , do it if you love him so much .
i am in agreement with sixteen .
sometimes even the brightest people can be dumb .
they will get it eventually .
so , you believe that they will not cheat .
crying is acceptable , however verbal communication is more productive .
that means the person in question loves you and wants you back .
i also am partial towards children , but i am not one .
you 're creating the problems with him .
i do not think its a good idea unless you have a perfect partner .
inform him of your feelings for him .
however , on occasion , he behaves as if he continues to do so .
did you cheat on her ?
comment on her hair , outfit , or shoes if you are fairly attractive .
i move on if a man does that to me .
of course , it depends on the man .
you just answered your own inquiry .
perhaps it because you are doing something incorrectly .
remove anything and everything that is associated with him .
females usually love jewelry if you have the money to spend !
you will get asked out .
no , i think you are unable to spell adequately .
it 's fantastic that you 're attracted to this woman .
because , as you know , i attend the same school as you .
and you both have already had sexual intercourse ?
thaat is because they do not use their head to think straight .
i became close with this guy .
i think that your feeling for him is only lust .
it did not work after i tried it .
it was an event that occurred without your knowledge .
do n't buy a woman lingerie unless she asks for it .
how to check that i love her a lot .
are you sure that she truly has feelings for you ?
perhaps because you are unique .
find someone who is as mature as you are .
they do not appeal to me at all .
what can i do when i see her being so upset ?
take some time to reflect on yourself .
however , currently he once more pays me no mind .
go out and have a good time with your friends .
i recommend asking 'what if we were married one day . '
try expressing how you feel with a card .
all men love to be in competitions .
a lot of thoughts com during the night while you are sleeping .
god makes many different moves .
of course you are number 1. why would you ask me that question ?
he needs to have some firsthand experience .
i have a preference for hispanic men .
do you have confidence with each other when things are terrible ?
if he comes from money , then you should stay with him .
your level of worry is apparent in the way you are spelling words .
who is gwen stefani 's husband ?
call and greet them , and just be done with it .
people do n't just do things .
no matter what size she is , a girl is pretty .
if you are female , contact me on shrunkenmann_the grass @ yahoo.com .
they are not a bad person .
no , customer care removed it from the answers which is disappointing .
do men have an opinion on whether that is cute or sexy ?
there is no doubt about it that i am correct .
i admire young women with pleasant demeanors .
men are saying no to something women want .
try to get some interesting electronics from it .
tell him what is making you doubt him .
i ruined the friendship between jon and matt .
you could attempt to create a realtionship between him and a friend .
always obey your instincts .
it 's possible that his girlfriend 's homeliness drives him to seek satisfaction elsewhere .
do not pretend to act like someone you are not .
do not ever be gullible enough to believe such drivel .
he must go if he can not respect you .
does anyone here possess the ability to speak fluent english ?
post an advertisement in the washington post .
if she is pregnant , then you should end the procedure .
most men are like that , yes .
that poppycock . perhaps you simply have personal issues concerning asian females .
the phone becomes gross when that touches it .
walking takes extra pounds off .
i feel strongly in my decision to quit the school team .
let him know that you do not like that guy .
why is he out there sleeping in the doghouse with the dog ?
i do know that answer , why are you asking me ?
i know it is difficult , but it is better for you .
she would leave if she did not love you , correct ?
however , i truly love this girl .
i am a man with traditional values .
it depends on your relationship .
and , without a doubt , visit and offer salutations !
you do not want to lose his friendship .
simply because you put only 90 percent of your effort into it .
i like women who are expressive and outgoing .
i want to reach out to meet friends in amsterdam .
is she better looking then me ?
you are exploring the internet . obviously yahoo answers .
i am telling you from personal experience .
emotions and feelings are what count .
how old are you ?
i 'm aware that this is easier said than done .
looks are not as important compared to how someone treats you .
send him away if he gets too possessive .
you should get a breast reduction if you have back pain .
i am twelve years old and recently got a girlfriend .
it is how life works .
i would advise you to wait until she is ready to wear a brassiere .
are you asking him if he still finds you attractive ?
he will be pleasantly surprised and love you even more for it .
do not crowd her , inform her of your love .
you are a sly one , i was just going to ask this .
can you help me find something unique and not too expensive ?
correct , much benefit is derived from resisting sexual activity .
what are you doing ?
they are not the kind men that you want in your life .
i once heard that that was not true .
perhaps that 's simply his identity .
you are absolutely correct that you did the right thing .
kiss the man in front of that woman .
do you find them sick or wonderful ?
you run to him everytiime he calls for you .
your mother is dating him .
good luck with that situation .
i do n't focus on men 's bottoms usually .
he genuinely has a massive partiality towards you .
i recently acquired a labrador and i truly enjoy him .
it is , however , very difficult to avoid .
you are single and can not find a date .
you should ask a doctor or a person whom you trust .
simply inquire if he 'd object to your transmittal of those types of photographs .
stop letting your husband slack on his responsibilities .
if you are lonely you can talk to me .
the meaning of that is that you have a new little sister .
if you like sports , then play volleyball , basketball , or something similar .
men are moe tough then they are strong .
she is still your friend regardless .
take her out on a date .
some men with experience do not know what they are doing .
ask her is she has have been physically intimate with anyone .
oh , and tell your boyfriend why you do not like him .
i am going to personally say yes .
if you are too young , such as around twelve-years-old , then no .
one may be good at coitus and the other is good at listening .
men are beautiful regardless of their appearance or deeds .
and yes , i have many chances .
do n't expect to purchase an expensive gift .
a woman who is perverse but not promiscuous , do you understand ?
what 's the reason you 're not willing to let nonsense increase ?
it really depends on whether she is unattractive , and how much so .
i would sya no , unless you love it .
all she dreams about is him when she does .
if you smell , you should use soap .
that 's how i envision it .
the information given was a little vague .
as for me , i am a pure-bred mexican .
try and stay positive . you will find your true love soemday .
i would not be able to live with her death .
she knows it is not love .
it does not matter what gender they are .
it is your personal choice .
it might hurt , but it is time to move on .
who is on your mind ?
you need to have fun while you are young .
yes , if i was trying to end the relationship .
i guarantee i will avoid including my friends as partners !
i would not be agitated unless an unseemly person was watching .
if you are not improving and enjoying yourselves , then the relationship is over .
do you suffer from schizophrenia , or some other mental illness ?
we make them uneasy and they act unintelligently .
we only get touched for times a wekk .
you can believe what you want to believe .
why waste your time on an individual that would disrespect you .
most men try to act ignorant around the women they are attracted to .
inquire of him directly , whether he wishes to become your spouse .
it will eventually be worth the trouble .
what do you mean ?
or me male ego can not deal with a woman knowing about it .
he abused me mentally and physically .
it means that he really cherishes you .
he is the one who is n't in love with you .
i there any chance that they like each other ?
most men are not truly unintelligent ; you are simply meeting the wrong people .
the wedding is simply not about you .
we have sexual interactions over the telephone every day and never tire of it .
you should do something that most people have not .
experience personalized entertainment at this point given your unattached status .
you should not have sexual relations with your cousin .
sometimes you must let men know your preferences .
the speed of the relationship depends on how long you have been talking .
here is not where you will find one .
young boys want to become men , and men want women .
i would not want or need anything else .
there is an extremely attractive man in my neighborhood .
he either loves you or not .
please email me if you have the answer .
if you like him , then it is not bad .
you may have already made her uncomfortable .
women can also have them .
marry her at the courthouse .
see what excites you more .
find me if you would like to have a lot of fun .
you are just another booty call .
i am outside of your window .
the frist kiss sent my head spinning .
some men do and others do not .
please him orally , on occasion .
perhaps he simply is checking to see how you are doing .
i do not think we will lie to you if you ask him .
i do not like valentines day .
end the relationship , he is not interested in you .
you must speak out against it .
is putting a ad in the local paper something we can do ?
it is a sexual story as well .
i apologize , but that is repulsive .
if you like her , ask her out .
i do not . although , homer simpson is attractive .
tell him that he is an attractive vampire .
i do not believe in astrology .
the one i went to had a belly dancer and i found it lame .
nobody has the ability to dictate their dream 's behavior .
perhaps that is why they are called fantasies .
you could ask him .
is he into sex toys ?
i bet you will get him , so good luck .
do not allow her to confuse you .
tell them that you are sad .
certain people are unable to exist without it and others are able to .
it could be a friend , a spouse , or even a family member .
it can work if you want it to .
it is too strange .
she is manipulative and wants someone she can toy with .
if that does not work , tell him you have an sexually transmitted disease .
please explain why you did not ask him out .
if being apart makes them happy , then you should be happy too .
he 's no longer seeing me .
you have a significant history with him , so you know his true character .
you are living in a fantasy , not reality .
he 's not fond of your children , you 're not fond of his ?
it would be better if it was a chess cake .
that will show her she is important compared to your friends .
if it is about love and you can then it is probably good .
there are alot of other guys .
why can she not see because we all can .
we have flirted a lot , but i am still unsure .
and you can start any time , so long as you have protection .
you have to be straight forward .
i would work some more with him .
i married the sister of my high school sweetheart .
pregnant females become less interested in that fashion .
do you own a nice cast iron skillet ?
he says that he respects and understand my desire to wait .
what should i say ?
do n't let it affect you so severely .
forget him if he is joking about liking you .
it is as people say : there is someone for everyone .
do you know how i know that he did not love you ?
try to watch pornography together .
what are a girl 's options ?
get out of the relationship . then continue with your life .
you do not date a friends younger sister .
do not tell anyone .
is that question directed for men ?
converse with her and discover whether or not she is interested in you .
if you are attracted to men , you might be bisexual .
she apparently never recovered from breaking up with you the first time .
how can i inform him ?
how am i supposed to handle a situation such as this ?
depend on the woman because she will do it if she likes your bottom .
i am merely attempting to avoid quarrels . she becomes jealous with ease .
i begin quietly then gradually crescendo until i suddenly blast it loudly .
simply inform her of your feelings and the reason you feel lovingly towards her .
the one that i had with your mother .
ok , ask me one question at a time , you are confusing me .
i am certain that is what a man would want .
you will have your answer when you see what she says .
it is also good , and i invested in a food business there .
i make a different choice every so often .
go on many dates with different men in order to forget him .
you have two choices . get over him , or wait for him .
ponder it . my opinion is to terminate the relationship .
sure , if you are a boy .
but a woman will never admit it .
who knows , so you should let them alone .
just laugh , you will feel better .
you should make sure you want to communicate .
hopefully one they they will see the truth .
before you make a big mistake , have a conversation about this .
there is no better way than to tenderly tell him right away .
you should ask him to join you at dinner or a film .
have your parents hung out with the two of you before ?
no , it is only if they are sick .
reflect on his personality , is he a nice , decent person ?
be a friend . allow him some time to be alone .
i think that people always want what they can not have .
send me more information if you need help .
do we want our moms to be liars ?
girls are not bad liars .
did you ask him what caused him to be unfaithful ?
it is better to tell someone news over the phone or in person .
it is not as simple with children .
distance makes it harder to lie .
on top of the covers with the lights off and a few candles lit .
after a few days he broke up with me .
love is caring for someone or something .
wait because you are still a child .
that means you can have both options without leaving anything .
if he says no , then he is being unfaithful .
return to pleasuring yourself orally .
no , are you male or female ?
i would do it as it costs nothing .
if you still desire your ex , do n't approach anyone new .
it is the same reason as mine .
who goes on in mens ' heads ?
no , he knows that we are not acquainted with one another .
men do not think with their heads .
it is personality that makes women happy .
when you are attracted to a man , who is attracted to you .
trust me even though i know it is quite a bit to remember .
remember , this man needs to help with your expenses as well .
allow him to become inebriated , then remove your clothing .
have intercourse with someone you love .
i would probably not date an adult entertainer .
i do not care for large breasts .
what do you enjoy doing ?
if you can make them laugh , they will love you .
my guess is between 300 and 400 .
what did you expect ?
how do i get out of it ?
are you in love with him ?
perhaps you 'd best feel no concern whatsoever .
the chase is over once they are interested .
that does not mean he does n't care for you !
due to the majority behaving as oversexed morons unable to obtain it at all .
how old are you ? also , i would like to be your friend .
that is very revealing .
you can learn from this .
should i break up with him or not ?
i laughed very hard when i read it .
go to a party , and strike a conversation with the party goers .
tell him the worst thing he can say is no .
i want to be respected , and i would like him to be kind .
he is not worth your time anyways !
what do you think ?
we girls will never know the answer to that question .
i think you should since women feel mature for their age .
are you in love with someone ?
it is strange that someone so young is answering questions on here .
if you would like to , you can have intercourse .
do not allow a man to control you .
did he volunteer the information or did you catch him ?
you must accept the truth , even though it is sad .
if she is shy , then she is most likely very interested in you .
have them take a quality lie detector test .
i am having a terrible day as well .
where do you live ?
set up a dinner date with her .
in actuality , however , they are simply a negative experience .
phone sex is an alternative to having sex .
decide where you are going to live once you talk to her .
i do n't believe that would be at all useful .
she favors dyeing her hair various colors .
this is your time and your life .
i do not know .
have a nice day .
do it for your man .
in the event its size makes occupying the mouth impossible .
so how do i go about telling them ?
some people are just very ignorant .
does he care about relatable subjects or not ?
that is not nice if you do that to your friend .
it will be painful either way .
what do you mean because it seems like you know nothing about women .
do you have a website photo page , or similar ?
it is painful when you have sex .
i would not concern myself with heroin .
some men have a cute appearance from behind .
there are beautigul girls everywhere .
v6 , jj , and i go to school with him .
people invent many reasons to explain why they have not found the right person .
it sounds like he needs to mature .
you should let her try a sports ' bra on .
i have been nice to her continuously . what else is there to do ?
you two broke up so let him take care of it .
this is the best way to find your answer .
i agree with gab 's observation that there is no way to know .
finally , the muslim question is hilarious .
you know they are merely dreams .
i find a hairy chest and chin to be attractive .
he is ignoring you for the same reason that we ignore you .
i proposed to her once by mistake , and she accepted .
what is it was a guy ?
it is not the only things that is true .
simply inform her that you occasionally require a hug .
avoid simply transferring it from yourself to her .
perhaps , you two should separate for a short period of time .
school is fun around the time you are in sixth grade .
usually , you love your partner more when you 're sexually intimate .
his brother introduced us .
i would advise you to not hold back .
i suppose it requires a lot of patience .
it is n't necessary , but it is incredibly helpful .
my answer was , yes , very much so .
from the sound of it , he already has a girlfriend .
tell him that it is over , in a nice way .
i would never pack a bag for my husband !
you need to find someone else . and stop stalking them .
avoid being idiotic , as i have seemed .
i understand as i have the same problem .
obesity is responsible for the second highest amount of deaths in young people .
it will happen again if you find her .
i wished i knew the correct response .
go to a vacation resort that is very important in her life .
she does not want anyone to say anything about the situation .
that was similar to my situation 2 years ago .
i think that a lot of things are important .
please her sexually as well .
i know quite a few decent gentlemen .
keep looking for that special person and you will find them !
it is more exciting so you 're aware , being shy is a hindrance .
i used to do it frequently .
casually place it out there .
they are very untruthful .
being intimate with a friend , cab create a rift in the relationship .
find a woman who has similar interests as you .
if you truly care for this person then you ought to try it .
no , only if you would like your friend to watch as well .
it is difficult being eight years old , right ?
the two of you need a marriage counselor or a larger bed .
intercourse is an important as air and water .
trust me , it can become unpleasant .
they loved each other since ten years ago .
their friends will continually talk badly about you to others .
the internet is a wrong place .
you will not require special shoes .
who ended the relationship ?
i would say adam and eve , but they were smart .
i am taken aback by the size of your ego .
it is easy to make a cake .
no . enter reality , this is not a place to communicate freely .
why ca n't you just do this one thing ?
if he loves her , then why not be in a relationship with her ?
tell him he is the boss , or leave him to find someone else .
get to a doctor if you have not already .
say that you love him/her in order to surprise him/her .
my boyfriend is similar to a government mule when he farts and belches .
if you do not tell him the truth you will always wonder .
love them , because god granted you love first .
you should think this through carefully .
i will never forget that odd moment when i fell to my knees .
i married an attractive , rude man and i later divorced him .
it is only worth it if both of you can wait .
if you do not leave him alone , you might run into some trouble .
you have a right to date as well as to proceed with your life .
your mother was wrong in whom she kicked out .
it is n't for you .
do not pressure women as it will not result in a positive response .
yes , but i hope i never have to do so .
the options are to co-exist peacefully with the individual or to not do so .
the waves to not normally get that big when it is raining .
you 've become uninterested in engaging with him personally .
do not go on another date with her .
what will i do with the two of them ?
was his boss mean to him ?
if you look straight into his eyes , you will get an answer .
just like other men , i too like women younger .
post script , i am not criticizing or labeling you .
do not let sex ruin anything .
men are also people , and they have feelings just as women do .
both women and men are different .
it has several different meanings .
yes , if you stop being lazy .
a man is a man .
there are many men who are , but not all men .
there must be a reason for her jealousy .
it is very telling that he does n't like children .
she did it once .
if you are attracted to males and females , you 're therefore bisexually oriented .
i enjoy a man with a round posterior , it 's attractive .
why bother , if you are not thinking about marrying this guy ?
different people have different preferences ; i strongly prefer doggie-style .
if you are attracted to her , i suppose it is alright .
i reccommend that you show him more love and attention .
i could n't believe it , until i saw her eyes in person .
if you are horny , you should have sex .
i hope the girl will not care i have had casual sex before .
the man did not do it to you .
have a conversation in a non-accusing tone ?
my boyfriend loves me , and i hope your boyfriend loves you .
i live in romania , you should visit !
be married if that is what you want .
i believe he did n't , because he feels terrible .
congratulations to the bride and groom , she is a lucky girl !
you are , however , too good for her in any event .
transmit a video recording of you having sexual relations ; it 's lucrative .
her appearance would not matter .
i do not think that the chickens care .
do you have a desire to be criticized as unintelligent ?
i want to try something a little more exciting .
no , he merely enjoys conversing with you .
it can not be love , because you do not know her .
i have been in that same situation .
however , they need not be partially unclothed .
you should be more careful next time and prevent yourself from being hurt .
i believe that women also do it .
you will find the person who you can love .
you will find many sweet meanings when you 're in love .
she did that to you ?
take a chance and tell her .
my yahoo chat name was previously 'oscreamifyoudoitright . '
this is how my wife makes me pay attention .
there is something missing from their relationship , because they are not happy .
it depends on your age .
it 's simple , find someone in the jail who can marry you .
did did not know that untill now .
accomplish the task once you 've become betrothed .
you are still going to feel that you are unable to trust men .
women do not speak of it , a lot .
would you like to discuss what is happening ?
those moments during which you 're unable to remove that individual from your thoughts .
do not go back for him .
gaze into her eyes and smile softly .
it means exactly what she says it means .
i 'm a gemini . honestly , i do n't believe in horoscopes .
it is only about sex for some guys .
yes , my ex girlfriend stated that as well .
you did not mention whether your wife has children .
it appears that he has only lukewarm feelings for you .
you can pick someone better .
you will have more temptations rather than being in love .
i do not want to see him again .
when you can hear each other with out talking .
a woman knows what i want in real life , correct ?
when you love each other , you will have intercourse .
consider getting a job and sending him money .
i can not help wondering if it was me .
what will happen if the relationship does not work out ?
be genuine , but do not talk too much or be too promiscuous .
it is unfair , according to myself .
it could be love , it is possible after 4 months .
i possess a pair : you render your own determination .
do you have the same kind of behind as a chicken ?
men are so good at this , there is simply no comparison !
you can be interested in whoever you want .
just admit that she does not want to date you .
why not just vex every man ?
it is alright , now , yaar .
yes , i believe you should rehome the cat .
that is a good start because you sound attractive .
to begin , select specifically a single man you 're enraptured by .
why would a man decide not to date a virgin ?
my advice is to think deeply about it .
you will never get any peace of mind having him around you .
it was a man , not a boy .
you clearly acted correctly .
i would like a companion to talk to .
like myself , i am currently in a long distance relationship .
i think being playfully difficult is the best strategy .
to some degree , i prefer to date heavier men .
