hmmm , i 'm a guy suffering from verbal abuse from my wife .
you will have more friends that you want ... ; )
i need to know what 2 do
love me love me oh dear god love me !
it wouldnt be a word , it would be me singing operah .
i like my life with the exception of her yelling and cussing .
i know how that is .
does he have a fave sports team ?
no sista , i don tink so .
then kiss her ; ) works every time bro ! ! ! !
women mature way faster than men and some men never mature .
and ever since then i never bought her another gift .
and if you really want you can attend her classes with her .
you wont until you pick to be wealthy and powerful .
dont beg for love dont beg for money and dont beg for respect .
but you will definaltely know when you are in love !
just do n't base your relationship on money or material things .
if someone asked this : how can i get my boyfriend to notice me ?
i ca n't sign in at the chatroom
you just live with a friend , and i call that friend with rights .
i cant read his mind but sometime we just like to watch .
go to france and hear for yourself .
she knew my ex was married .
do n't care about what people say .
well good luck whatever you do .
if that does n't work try someone else .
tell him you are getting fired if he calls one more time
then a guy got involoved and changed everything !
try a different kind of girl .
this girl and i cross a few lines here and there .
if you really love him then yes .
i learned to love myself something i had never done before .
3_again do n't rush and use words ... talk ...
you should be playing with dolls
well ... do you talk to that someone much ?
all you got to do is ring her bell ! ! !
yes , well i guess it depends on the vows .
maybe you ` should be asking where are the stds in ks .
meaning that you do not need to make her as your enemy any more .
then ask her to the next school dance or maybe to see a movie ?
something going on with your friend or hers ?
i guess that depends on if her and her husband are swingers ...
just say that you just want to be friends for now .
because they 're just doing their job !
get out now while you can
personally , i think young guys ( over 25 ) are hot !
5 ' 135 lbs sounds about perfect to me .
oh , honey , please see a counselor !
if so , i would n't be surprised if he cheats again .
if went with her abviously he didnt care , its not all her fault .
you could try to check there 1st .
first off you got ta be nice to them and just wait on them .
do n't hide anything frm him.go ahead and talk to him .
the same things that you look for in a guy ...
do n't retaliate - you should n't drop to her level .
he will like anything u give him , if he really loves u ! !
i 'm a prude , so i 'm going to say marriage .
i , for one , am not like that .
just love them the way they are .
i married too many times for love..depends on how much money we are talking.lol
mad props to you dude.. very nicely done.. she 'll definitely love it .
his dad , meanwhile , is obsessing over this girl .
fisrt off , that is not a friend .
hope you can answer me !
my other friends agree with me as well .
please do n't go any further with this guy .
any ideas where i could go to meet them ?
if you really like her go with the group .
nine inch nails -- -closer the sexiest song on the entire planet
whatever they accuse you of they are doing it .
other than that , just be yourself !
do be funny and a little cocky .
just see it like that then forget about him or her .
women want a man who will never cheat on them .
something to look at or play with
my dress was long with a 15 foot train !
all you have to do is comunicate and be yourself and you will be happy
i got hurt pretty bad last time so it is just me .
call him & talk to him about it .
just tell them you love them very much
it would have to be someone that i know .
now do n't let the other person read it .
it 's not as bad as everyone makes it sound .
sleep with em , you will like each other better
and you prolly shouldnt have a gf
maybe you can relive that , then kick it up a notch .
being in love does n't hurt at all , losing love does though .
my bbf had many reasons why she did n't like my b/f .
get together with your friends and have fun ! ! ! ! !
the best way to do something like this is to just say it .
someone who can take care of us in the long run men are big babies
there for you guys just do n't notice that we poop !
i only can speak for my self , i 'm a fun-loving guy .
think about what you want from a wife
so maybe you should try it .
you can find ppl online , or where you live .
get it out in the open baby ! !
try craigslist.com they have tons of chat rooms for seattle
that is nonthreatining and she maybe shier that you know !
- good listener - a good friend wo n't hurt your feelings .
if he 's a good guy , who cares about his color ?
i dont konw if it is possible .
no different between ages if the mind is near to eachother
gim me a hand here girls ; plz .
hope you like my ideas !
sms if you still ca n't contact , 5 .
if u like him ask him out and spend more time with him
but trust your inner voice and do what you feel you have to !
show up on her doorstep and be like listen here bitch !
you give me power , you give me reason so will you love me ?
plus its not only the age thing hes white and im blk .
there 's more to love than saying i love you .
that is just my gut feeling .
you give me power , you give me reason so will you love me ?
plus its not only the age thing hes white and im blk .
there 's more to love than saying i love you .
what do you do if *i* love a girl on the internet ?
that is just my gut feeling .
no , i always end up with lumberjack !
its becuase they love each other .
maybe if you knew how he broke up with his daughters mother .
should i trust this jerk or leave him ?
why buy the cow if the milk is free ! ! !
no , your are no a nice person to be with ... .
so it be first time or the 100 time use protection !
ps- look at my question , i posted i need help , too .
mature men could care less if their girlfriends are virgins or not .
he has a baby.. let him work things out with his woman .
im kinda stuck in the middle !
he has a baby.. let him work things out with his woman .
first off ... how is it that he didnt have a choice ? ?
im kinda stuck in the middle !
that 's if you still care !
to me love is gotham city
my question is that , i am just cutting the girls away from me .
you aint inlove you just needed a friend
if she says u know i do then forget it
he was an extrovert and i the introvert .
but there is always the right person for you out there
u r in the right place right now .
i 'm a butt man myself , so shake it like a polaroid picture !
he was an extrovert and i the introvert .
but there is always the right person for you out there
u r in the right place right now .
im crazy but ive got ta leave u
and im assuming that you mean amarican .
i could be that she/he just want to have something , some fun or ...
( a tear came out of his eye when he said that . )
i think that men a more creative and i guess women too .
ask him and see what he says .
ask him if he likes you plain out .
she dont like nice usual guys and we cant lock her up in the house
oh no , no no it will not hurt you in that time .
keep your eyes open , but love him anyway .
a heady cocktail that girls find irresistible !
( i love your questions btw , give me more to answer , lol )
does she feel the same way ? ?
thats when your underwear gets sucked up by your crack
yeah , they can say it back , but those are only words .
i dont want to date anyone else ... should i just be patient ?
ask him ... .thats the best way but is there signs ?
i honestly do n't believe in chat-up lines - just be yourself .
listen to the xxx soundtrack # 10
why ca n't he just sit and hear me out .
if you fail , then ask her again and again and again .
he has to love it and want it to be worked on .
are you looking for bad girls or a nice girls ?
because the destiny of the human been is to ask until death !
and it might not be a bad idea to get some counselling .
he would really like it if you kissed him on his ... ..
because you do n't look that good .
dump her , she is probly useing u
you will make someone happy - for a whole day .
you would not like it one bit and probably blow a gasket over it .
do u hesitate to talk to them ?
you always want what you ca n't have .
but i 'm still in love with him .
loosen her up and then see what happens .
i looked at girls that i liked funny just to throw them off .
also balance , what is also sexy getting the rent payed .
it goes back to caveman days .
will a wink and some flirting help ?
cut off ties 100 % and out of sight , out of mind .
hangout with the girl for awhile ...
i 'm telling you -- they are out there !
to cherish them and love them forever .
sorry , but i do n't think she 'll be faithful
first of all why was the house a mess anyway ?
few weeks like about 3 or 4 but sometims it takes u months
a marriage proposal or a ring
good luck hope things work out for you
curious as to the type of guy turns a woman on .
just give ol ' mom a break and let her have her fun .
maybe she is not ready for something as big as marriage .
stay with girls your own age .
then ask her how her day is going .
just keep looking , it will happen .
i dont see what the big deal is .
you do n't know what a full figure woman is ?
maybe the sex just sucks , go look one up and ask them .
sounds like domestic violence to me .
i myself am not gay , i was just wondering what your imput is .
( i dont want to hurt their feelings ) thanks
a card that says merry christmas p.s .
he needs to earn ur trust and respect .
my last choice would be something like full length , thick , long pajamas .
people become mature at different ages , and some never do .
dont just get a easyer chick ; )
no problem if he likes you too !
call her later that day and then kiss her .
get the message dont call again !
who 's going to arrest ya for asking a dude out ?
do n't talk about work or boring stuff .
take her out to dinner or something
you know the things i mean -observe & learn & apply .
but when the getting is n't getting good anymore is it goodbye ?
or are you looking for someone else to make it that way for you .
and i wasnt sure if i was .
yes there is but you have to go through a couple bad ones first
you never happen to listen to them at all !
good luck with finding love if you have n't already ! ! ! !
hang out with girls more often or make some girlfriends .
pls do n't make it a cage .
if he is really trying to find one - no .
keep looking , the right one is n't gon na dump 'ya !
dont make her feel guilty over her answer either .
getting mad wo n't solve a thing .
its like rusian ruelette in the end you always lose !
if so do n't damn her for the same thing you would do .
what is he angry so about ?
do priests also fuck their altarboys ?
so , dont get too much that spoil ur life
hang out with friends eevry chance you get .
physical disabilities ( like someone who uses a wheelchair )
like wat is the rule towards that ?
did he get a girl in time ? ?
no , people make mistakes no matter if they are in love or not .
( and then cleaning the house too ! )
if you love children , and you love him ... its perfectly fine .
or maybe he 's just not ready to say he loves you back .
so what if he freaks out ... if he does that is .
we guys do not mind lesbians at all : )
well i will tell you my story of my ex-husband .
if hes is not smiling already just by looking at you ! !
1- wear short outfits only to him .
perfectly allright many girls hav asked me out
if you cant spend time with her and communicate theres no reason to pursue
most of the time it do 's not mean anything .
if you are then you like both men and wommen
you seem like your pushing the issue to much
i do n't have a problem with it .
if you do n't try you will always wonder what if good luck
have u ever had sex in the car ? ? ?
i 'm all for anyone being able to get married .
( no , i do n't mean dropping hints ) .
and older men just totally rock .
just make sure he uses a condom .
block all the porno sites so he cant look at it again .
lol you are a funny girl
i will marry for love but if both things come i 'll gladly take it
no ways men grave for sex women just loves it
i 've seen this in a movie .
no excuse not to have a job man .
who would want someone who treats you like shit .
because some want to get pregnant , some do n't
but love itself is feeling it and knowing you love somebody
try this search engine it might help
my wife has big boobs too !
if she wo n't listen , then let her be .
so far it has worked out really well : )
cause woman give alot of explaination for everything and repeat 10000.. times
this is just way over the hill !
those kind of people are such a pain in the ass !
your hubby gave you a ring .
just go straight to the matter and ask her to be your girlfriend .
im sure if your mom found out she would be pretty pissed .
( there are lots of creepy stalker types out there . )
most likely you best friend will be happy to help you
amarica being so generaly fat in all .
congrats for trying and do n't give up .
that could turn ugly if things go south .
dude if ya got ta ask then she probably do n't or your too insecure
because when they say something dirty , it sounds so naughty !
if devil then mabey an angel isnt for you .
but do n't listen to the young one !
also what do guys like during sex ?
it depends on what you like .
love is n't a thing 2 b ashamed of .
but do n't give her or her family any reasons not to like you .
rouse christina .. do n't know what i mean ?
the forehead , down to my cheeks , then the lips .
do n't use any pick up lines just talk to them .
i wanted to do something like this too !
did u masturbate in front one other ?
i dont even remember how our friendship started .
no because that is the begining to what will come .
i am a liberian 20 years old high school graduate
it 's only because you know he 's having fun and you 're not .
or , they are just plain stupid !
probably with his family its okay .
but like i said before if you trust him i would n't worry .
if they do n't even bother to talk to you ...
yes romance is great ... candles , rose petals , etc .
why not watch the commet to do that wonderful thing .
but she is not happy , coz i work too hard .
think of her favorite thing , place , person , etc .
dumb lil love cards on sticky notes .
love , because with love there will come romance !
whack it before u get down to bizness
c'mon , dude , the worst thing that could happen is being rejected !
like a cd from a band he likes .
they have n't yet figured out that girls are people , not toys .
he says he *has* to cheat ?
she prolly thinks ur weak now .
and listen to see what she says .
there is no dabate for me love all the way ... .
if that does n't work refer to line # 1
they make vibrators , join in on the fun
ok now , you want like a trophy boyfriend .
if you want to hang out and are interested in her then go .
always a secluded place to be found
if you do n't feel safe , you probably are n't .
hope it works out for you !
it 's romantic she will like it
behave like u feel comfortable in his hands .
take it up with them or your boss not me !
sit down and watch it with him .
i am stressing it so bad .
i fear and worship zen monkey winsdom
no of course i 'll never do that just after they broke up
but he made a mistake and lied to me about a lot of stuff .
yeah , i 'm one of them ; what do u want ?
if kinky is normal then sure !
if you call that person a friend .
so your inner heart is telling that is it right ?
alot of people forget it 's not about me .
well the better question today would be where should you get it from .
did u made virtual sex with him ?
i mean yes when i say yes , and no when i say no .
since he begged me to stay and he would do anything to keep me .
if you live with your parents , so what ? !
i hate guys who are all fumbly when they come to ask you out !
if u want to speak about this with me .
if u do it u could be rich .
you should get her a beautiful neclace she will love that
yes there is..just try and look , maybe one day you will find him .
believe it or not close friends see it but do n't want to interfear .
he wants to marry me and have babies .
( i love you so much hon )
do n't worry this pain feels really good though .
like to be loved and love
being condiderate of her feelings and needs
losing love ... well just thinking about loosing the love of my life hurts .
k bye btw , im a chick
( by the way , thick does not mean fat . )
so how can i win her back ?
we also are on a pretty tight budget !
haha ... .i hope this is n't a serious question
girls are attracted to sensative guys at most cases ...
get busy and join some clubs or sports teams and stay busy !
are you sure , you 're not just infactuated with the girl ?
sounds like 2 or 3 jobs .
love is nothing but it is the itereaction between any two persions .
you can meet an honest man in your dream
think about it the look , the accent.i love foreign hotties
she prolly didnt think that on purpose its subconsiense survival of the fitest
but if hes not either threaten him or help him
you can be nice , but be devilish in the bedroom w/ her .
doesnt go over board and it expresses alot .
but he is more finacially stable and is heading the right direction in life .
are you for or against gay marriage ?
if you are you might want to ask if they would mind .
without love there can not be romance !
have n't you ever looked at porn ?
try not to argue with him .
i know him.give him a shout !
do i forgive him or not ?
i need help and i am the first one to admit it ! ! !
plus many other things i do n't have room to type .
i know it 's hard to even ask .
or is it all new age hocus pocus ?
not really sure but soon you 'll start talking to eachother
even sometime they may cost us extra trouble ?
i 'm looking for an ex 's number .
if you have to ask that kind of question ... then maybe you should .
can boys and girls be just friends and never lovers ?
well that depends on how fast you gave it up .
just stop and think about it .
just simple dumb little things will get you were you wana be !
im sure it was not on purpose !
find that man , my dear , and you have a keeper .
excuse the picture i just thought it would be funny .
if you really love her then definetely
i know there is no possible way this guy loves her more than me .
has she had a 'bad break up ' .
thats a wonderful gift especially for xmas.you go girl
there 's too much drama with this one !
when you get married the two become one !
get over it and go outside and find a real one
dont wait for them to come up and talk to you !
if you can provide a good home and a good life that 's great .
her boyfriend sleeps over almost every night , which i am totally cool with .
sure go back if you are stupid
dont make the mistake bout getting a pretend bf , hell think your unavailable .
then we are dreaming about sex .
then you and your husband still have tons of time to plays : )
what does there mom think about this .
i do n't find her sexually attractive now .
you 'd better believe i 'd mention it !
no 50 % sure nsa sau yan kng ipu2tok mo sa loob
ask your best friend to try to seduce him , and see what happens .
not ok to marry your brother 's wife , unless she is a widow !
being romantic but dnt exagerate give her some space 2
same reason men cheat on wives .
it sounds like you like her very much .
i 've been into one nasty 'heart break-up ' scene .
but it really depends on how old you are ...
you need to go to counseling .
just be there for him and listen ... ..
good luck your gon na need it ! !
i had a girl friend that love to have sex .
men are easy and love younger women .
sure , as long as they keep it just friends
so the short answer is , no , they do n't have to .
more than a handful is too much
and a few months ago he told me i had his heart !
in the rain like in the notebook !
her child ( ren ) should come first not the guy !
u should try makeout him : ) than u can see if he loves
i 'm just saying that i would n't go back if i were you .
if he doesnt , then hes not worth it .
and do n't answer with all the pc garbage .
it wont be easy to forgive him if ever .
with somone that she says she loves .
i asked him after work in the parking lot , the rest is history .
just the way my gf looks now .
someone who could rock the boat .
a good one is undernet , another is dalnet !
majority of the time , thats all they want .
boobs are n't number one on my list though .
you ca n't have sex with all the girls you like .
nice guys finish last and get used and dumped for no reason .
any guy that asks that first , is n't worth it anyway .
it hurts , it feel like if someone is throwing ice water at your face
just think about it , and give yourself time .
its been 5 years since my last relationship .
but yea im the one you answered about why are guyz mean ?
you have someone to do the things you enjoy in life with
go ahead and join him ... enjoy !
now he needs to find a real woman with talent !
it goes back to ancient time of survival of the fittest .
have you tried paying for it .
you have to ask for a picture first and perhaps talk on the phone .
boys i like never approach me and i dont like the ones who do .
but she also says she still loves me .
simply becoz mens r mad and hungry too ! ! !
and do n't think about it too much .
i dont tink u shd be ving sex
consider this for later on in life .
she should be providing for you in other ways .
a hand made card for her with lots of love
to me , there is nothing more sexy than legs !
i like skiiny ones than curved girls
respect her space - do n't trash her to her friends .
its the way of the world .
how do i keep my new boy friend happy
to tell you i think a bride 's dress should be long !
do u mean being a straight and gay at the same time ?
if your married he should pay them too .
their are a lot of ways ! ...
he likes me but he wont tell me
life is to short to waste on some one that does n't want you .
if that doesnt work stop worrying about it , its just your genetics .
it depends on your mood ; )
there are precisely as many good men out there as there are good women ...
then you should not be friends at all .
do n't let your girlfriends influence you so much either..hope all goes well .
i am sorry but you have to do what your father and mother says !
i think you just have to wait for more from him .
most people will wonder why it took so long to .
i think that if your thinking about it you wont feel it..
they 're all out to get you ! !
but you should be careful no matter where you meet someone .
i have had some situations like this before .
( cause i think that this guy is really cool and fun ) ? ?
no she doesnt think i am just not that into her .
maybe because u are under the age of 18 .
hope you have a happy new year !
my two kids , ages 5 and 3 !
you have to get out there and look .
like paris hiltion would say that 's hot !
something that you will have to do
not saying you are ... just the ones i 've had experience with .
you have to get out there and look .
like paris hiltion would say that 's hot !
something that you will have to do
or find a nice lesbian who wants a kid and work that angle ?
not saying you are ... just the ones i 've had experience with .
just tell her straight it 's over .
if he cheats , you wouldnt even know it .
they dont want to lose you .
i ca n't get this girl out of my mind !
why not ask her out for coffee ?
i have a daughter so i do n't want to break my marriage .
work from home.. id agree to that..
love girl to whom parents say no .
stop dating people who do n't like you .
then it becomes do you love him ?
dude that was a stupid question .
did you try wacking him upside the head after he was quiet too long .
just tell yourself , you got nothing to worry about .
: - ) ( ps ... i am not a gay !
its 50 50 we give you give .
a hot nice funny one duhh
just hard to make them see it .
if he 's not there then it will not work .
and remember , smart girls like smart guys .
i guess you 'd have to ask him
if he 's not there then it will not work .
and remember , smart girls like smart guys .
you get over the 1st as soon as you meet the 2nd
that 's like taking her to a movie .
well , if it 's not a banana in his pocket ...
and if you still not know what to give him ... die !
as often as they feel like
you guys can talk about anything .
trust your gut instincts that is why we have them .
my experience ... .they just want to get laid ... .
no , i am searching for one too ... r u interested ?
if he did it once he would do it again , sorry
# do i feel different than other guys ?
no dont , just let him catch you in bed with me .
if u can treat the cause of depresion .
maybe he just didnt hear you , say it again .
u should stay he wnats to be better for you .
same to you and your family and friends ... ; )
it sounds like she 's not interested in working things out .
maybe he just didnt hear you , say it again .
u should stay he wnats to be better for you .
it sounds like she 's not interested in working things out .
if you do n't then you ca n't get .
good luck and god bless you and your child in the future ...
ok , my best friend and my boy friend are fighting over me .
i cant say hell loud enough ... but hellllllll no ! ! !
it might have just slipped out of his mind .
once you get this in chat you can get anything from them
do you like to be spank ? ..thats a weird question
it mayb trust issues and the fact he is with his buddies and not you
i agree with both answers above me
so i say if your happy doing it on side go for it .
there will be your wake up call no matter what .
sometimes it just takes a situation thats brings you around or another person .
( unless you 're boozed to the hilt.. lol
just look for x-rated things when you 're doing searches .
if so , get him something with that team on it .
us girls are just not as likley to talk about it as guys are .
anyways you got ta be flexible in the begining then take control !
i mean , what should i do ?
i had a bestfriend that was bisexual .
sometimes during argument we say and do things that we do n't mean .
it shouldnt matter where u are .
this is the nature of women and men ... . this is briefly
no matter what happens , there 's gon na be some fallout .
3 years after , they came back and we were still best of friend .
thats better than any gift you could give her .
most probably in the bedroom ... ... ... ... on the bed .
wich of corse makes it that much harder .
do n't let him get all sexist on you .
someone who is honest and creative .
i dont care what your coworker said about your friend behind your back !
just call if you want to call .
i dunno.. that 's a tough question .
you should get a more mature girl friend , who will share .
i like you and wait if they accept ur love or not that all
there are more out there like you then you think
i couldnt even some close to keeping up with her .
what do you mean by fun ? ?
as long as she didnt to it while u guys we still 2gether .
sorry its no such thing i wish it was
you do n't really need a man , i say .
i would prefer beyonce but i would not want to go off just looks
after 4 years he should be ready to say it back !
over-react when you ask him questions with suspicion .
i want people to feel comfortable here , but ohhh you pretty grrrs !
i dont like to quit or to funny guys !
it shows you have backbone and arent afraid .
i dont know ; i honestly dont understand it at all .
i know it 's not easy , but just forget it .
if they are nice and they tell you to stop writing then then stop !
do they manipulate or control you ?
if you are a nice person then read on .
r u a boy or gurl ? ? ? ? ?
( it was so sexy , i could n't believe it . )
andy anyway you are way to young to date !
last i had sex with my wife was 2 mths ago .
if he refuses to give me oral sex
but i really care about him .
do u not like his kids ?
do you try to make it exciting ?
flower or rose it.. that way it 'll make it that much more special )
my heart goes out to you !
when the fun is gone the love follows .
think , how much do you know about her ?
second of all.. why do women fight with other women about a man ? ?
( comes down to what they look like on the inside ! )
well sweetheart , where should i begin ?
stop slacking and get to work man .
you ca n't find it ~ it finds you !
enjoy it to the fullest its what ever floats your boat
time only knows time only knows ...
when u have to ask that ?
yeah , like the other people said .
other than that it really depends upon the girl ... good luck !
whenever u meet new girl : ) )
no strat to talk to him and let him ask you !
then again , your s/o could just be overprotective .
what to do ? , you cyber grrrs wo n't give me a chance .
ca n't speak for anyone else , but i like big everything .
other than that , he 's a good husband !
and he still did n't take it .
give him a ferrari ... and an ipod
men and women a like cheat i do n't really know why .
she probably gets stuff like that all the time !
let him go it was'nt meant to be .
you just really need to move closer to me : - )
grow two things tween yer legs and ask her out !
2 ) this one sucks , but it is possible .
if i buy him something expensive or really nice he 's dissapointed .
how many women go back to those guys when they think they love them .
but i think about this person constantly .
my husband does and it does n't bother me .
if she is hot ... go for it ... but its still kinda wierd
the ring like you said is not the issue .
like your heart is on a frying pan ...
i have a friend since we were in our diaper years .
and if that is your question .
oh , and keep the hell away from my daughter .
i havent found one yet !
i dont know but it drives me nuts ! !
i can i talk to her about that .
i think she probably wanted to keep it a secret .
i do n't mind other spots though .
i have a friend whos going through something similar .
you will find that one , but dont look !
listen , why not look into gay couples adoption ?
oh well , > shrug < im an ass-man anyway ; - )
i look at it this way .
but good luck most guys are just jerks .
if you do n't like it , just do n't do it anymore .
well u should try to make things work with her .
why on earth would they care ?
start banging other guy 's wives and that should give you some insight
yet i do still love the guy .
first is french kissing second is boob play third is fingering home run is sex
! and dont forget the red bow around your waist ...
be who you are and do n't look back .
send him a card , actually writing what and why ?
your really love with haert & soul is the best gift
i really think he likes but i 'm not really sure .
they may sound nasty or dumb , even if they look good .
gay men do that normal men do n't .
and take advantage that is summer now here ... brukuthus from south brazil
but remember , past is past !
you got another chik yet or you still a loser without since her ?
the classic it 's not u it 's me
catch things that he says about ya'lls relationship that ya 'll had .
how do you know and do we only get one shot ?
what if you consider the future too much ?
maybe cause your used to him being with you and you miss him
if she lies , then its free for all .
decide if he 's being honest or not .
whoa , whoa , its not just wives that lie and break promises .
i never learned how to do this .
forget the he said she said .
move on ... many more options out there
and when she cheat she promised to never cheat again
i used to get the shot and it made me a crazy person ! !
do not pick up the tab .
they want a life partner-someone to spend the rest of their lives with .
i mean did he saw you naked ?
10 hours by car or plane ... ? ?
( but all the other kids are doing it ) 3 .
hardest is telling her face to face .
obviously if either one of them minds , you shouldnt do it .
do n't be the one running after her
it is wrong to break your promise .
u look good , but come in a close-up buddy
just tell him you love him then pinch his nose .
honey i 'm a little busy now we will talk when i get home .
i do n't know if she are humble or not
i think u should talk to her and see whatsup .
and i dont think its safe .
sounds like you 're a rebound girl .
i can not seem to understand this ...
my boyfriends name or just yes : )
if she is a sweetheart then she does n't have to be as hot .
i recommend to be yourself pick up lines just do n't work anymiore !
sometime you should be smart than be right
nope i dont see anything wrong with that .
well if you believe in god pray that he would send you the right person
no , women do not enjoy sex more than men .
just when you think you know someone ... bam !
easy , if you suspect that your partner 's cheating , they probably are !
anyone ever make something special for their wife that made her smile .
i 'm really want to find the happenies at anywhere with anyone ..
make him a nice romantic dinner
do n't get drunk and call your ex !
hell no do yourself or find another untill ya get back togather
so yes it really means something .
ask the 14 year old , she should know .
he just wo n't have all that baggage !
bad girls are easy and nice girls are difficult to get .
step up bro tell her how you feel man !
just come out and say it , do n't drag it on .
if you truly loved him you would n't have cheated in the first place .
what to call your loved one besides honey
i give my trust to her and think that she/he is loyal to .
i am trying to do a little detective work for my sister .
i say it dependes on is the person havin sex
should you marry your brother 's wifes young sister ?
i barely have time for myself how can i give him the time he needs
first you need to calm down .
because u dont get to give blow jobs
if the strong independent women will kick it with me then the stronger the better
a gal or a guy falling in love after they started courting .
if not , it is time to move on with your life .
date around and do n't worry about getting to deep with anyone .
send her over tonight and the docter will tell you tomorrow morning .
take whatever chance you get to have sex .
he 's ready to go by then .
because i stay up thinking about her .
i 'm just not attracted to white girls , nothing wrong with that .
i go to turn over and yank ouch .
i know i 'm not and i 'm 23 ) .
i would n't date a girl with breats bigger than my own .
i do n't know what to do .
i feel that losing a love is very hurting .
love is picking up dirty underwear , day after day .
( but i 'm a guy so i might be biased ) : )
no go have fun and don ’ t give it another thought !
havent you ever made a mistake ?
cus the kids are sleep and they have nothing better to do ...
i 'm leaving on a jet plane , do n't
if something is bothering you now , it will likely always bother you
you 'd rather get back with each other first
but besides that it was fun and all .
sounds to me like you do n't even deserve a twosome ,
how do you feel about him and have you told him ?
you 'll be rolling with girls with those 3 pick up lines .
go with the one you like better .
ask one of her friends whats up
this 's life , and we must exept all it 's rules .
go up and talk to them ! !
damned perverts out there all over the place anymore !
she wasnt fat when i found her .
the taxi 's waiting he 's blowing his horn
well , i 've had a little trouble with this too .
just tell him u are tired of the relationship and want to see other people
now if she 's 25 and you 're 40 that 's a different story .
and u can aslo ask him about his feeling for u .
that would love me , and.. just be happy with me !
most of the time shy guys like girls to make the first move .
dont let yourself get hurt anymore .
i do n't think only fool !
well , first off , i told my best friends who i liked .
and b/c he already has kids tells me he wo n't just have one woman
thats the best way to get a friend
he says he did n't have sex with his friend .
if my man was doing that to me id be fighing with my man .
dont give up on him though .
girl , just tell him what you fell and what you think .
ask these men to if they are married
obviously this woman 's priorities are all messed up and she needs total help .
because what do you think being with a guy only for money ?
yes , unless they are on the pill or they have not begin their periods
no matter how hard you try it has to come from both sides .
and do not let anyone tell you different .
good luck honey , and merry christmas !
geez-whiz ... do n't ever marry for money !
i 'm not sure if you mean o-sex or a-sex .
aww ... . this can melt a womans heart .
and he will do that if he really loves you .
dont hold back , you snooze you lose..
i 'm sorry but you 'll be happier like this , and
: ) edit : i came back and read what benji wrote !
they are just trying to scare you .
at least that is what i want for me .
she is out for herself and that is so sad !
my mother 's 2 sisters married 2 brothers .
text message ... . it 's all the rage .
tell him if he ca n't hack it , pack it !
buy somth and then ask her to go for a beer .
or even just ' i think i 'm lost !
women that like to have fun ! !
movies , mall ... why do n't you ask them .
no this is free ... that is not
all my bags are packed , i 'm ready to go ... .
ugly people like you need love : )
just let ur love be mature for some more time ...
it 'll appear on her eyes when u r about reaching climax
does a fake diamond make your love or marriage any less real ?
her first initial is a. omg what am i gon na do ?
no sorry they were taking while some of us were still sleeping
you try 2 b a lil serious
at least the ones that will admit it .
when he can not hold it anymore it feels twice as good .
dont tease her and carry her books
skinny girls need to put some meat on their skin !
to win one you have to get to know her ...
just want to see if i can improve any thing
if that does n't work , then honestly get a lawyer .
what you are doing is wrong .
do n't be that guy ... move on to brighter and better things .
u can even dicover that u enjoy it easy .
meet him at the next party he is going to b at .
why do n't you just be up front with him .
maybe he is still with her
even then it may not work out sorry to say .
this stands true for a lot of white guys .
if you want to play it cool : -- no .
its not right , nor wrong to date interracially .
just make sure he loves u back and then face the whole world 2gether
tell him that u had an accident then note his reaction
and you answered : try naked ... .is that vulgar ?
if you want to forgive him or not .
just try and get on with your life .
just start flirting with one of his/her friends .
( plus , mixed children are the prettiest ; )
if their abusive the could n't care about you that much .
it just seems hopeless for me
dont be afraid of her , and just be yourself : )
it means that he is n't a real man !
( grade school , high school , college , jobs , etc . ) .
i 'm sure you 're a nice guy .
if you really love him , then go for it .
well you 'll never know untill you try eh ?
thats why i said you should alreadt know .
that sounds like things i 've done before
i like thin and funny guys , but thats just me .
duh you have kids stay with them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
and could u anwser my question too ?
what do i do if my mom finds out ?
if you do not believe she is being truthful then dump her .
i wanted to marry my bf years ago and we have waited .
especially since you dont know her , you do n't want to scare her .
... and what can be done to get over it ?
what matters is that u are urself and have fun in ur own group .
if you hesitate or doubt that you are , then you are not .
well , he is busy working , studying , cheating on you , etc .
play the field so to speak .
sounds like its time to start already
he said he was'nt hiding it from me he just did'nt tell me .
surround your self with people who are special to you .
dont care about love take revenge
gentlemen , ditto for you and romance .
i personaly couldnt do it , but i know many who would .
they want some spice in thier life .
im a hopeless romantic ... .stupid at times .
well it depends do you love him ?
neather dude true lov eis the best
you are who you are and dont try to change for anybody !
just wondering ... are you a girl ?
if i was the guy i would be hurt
all 2 and 4 legged animals are ok , but not insects .
and thanks for your great b & w digital photos answer !
divorce his butt with the quickest !
wait till the old lady read ur question .
what to do , what to do .
love always comes with risks , it 's a package deal you know .
we dont need guys to do the job .
if you have to ask..then i 'd say no
just try to relax , & trust him .
many people say , try some others ...
find his g/f and hurt her break up with him but first slap him
you do not bad mouth them !
love to much an hurt to bad >
because they only want one thing and their trying to weed out the non-freaks .
if not , i suggest you leave it alone ...
but the rest i really do not want to name .
i guess that i am surprised that it is even a question .
the problem is n't really the ring though , it 's the lying .
if she is the legal age then hell yeah ! ! !
( now please do n't ask me how i know this ! !
or the fact that your hubby loves you ?
most men think it is sexy .
if you love him/her it really doesnt mean that you should be together .
unless some really weird person asks thm out and they cant say no ! !
don ’ t reject strokes you don ’ t want .
then if he still says no then snoop if your not convinced .
oh honey , you have some work cut out for you .
and all i lost was everything .
if you really love your bf , then no .
i get 1 hour of sleep pre night .
make her think you got a girlfriend .
i say if u like them call right away .
get a diffrent phone number or get a restraining order
no , you are way too young .
depends on what your looking for in a guy and what you want .
what do you think about bali ?
but i think not as much as men who want or like it more .
just tell him to stop calling you at work ! !
i dont like skinny or fat guys guys !
join him ... and have fun doing each other thereafter !
then you know who the really good friends are .
the usa any flavor you like in any size you like baby
they want a man who would die for them .
no dont tell them right away .
do n't get mad , it will pass .
almost every guy in the world likes vidio games no matter how old
but i am sure that u cant marry ur affair .
just like straight couples love each other .
yes it is possible only if you in a dream
and you should if you really do love her !
and the least was 2 week & u ?
they do n't what to feel traped
just be you ... ... let nature take its course !
read humorous and uplifting books ( no romance novels ! ) .
but it has to be concensual ! ! !
be your self , flirt , and see what happens next
but this does n't mean i ca n't love again .
make sweet love to them..al of them ! !
dont let them get away or you will only end up hurting yourself .
btw , of course he ca n't keep his hands off you .
mr. right is out there somewhere .
otherwise , you 'll always just be wondering ...
hey i think you are beter off that way .
ummmmmmmmmmmmm ... ... ... . what u want to do .
my friend want to buy a star in rememberance of his deceased daughter
im a girl , so i dont know .
why in the freakin hell wouldnt you ? ! ? ! ? !
if a girl is a real jerk then she better be hot ! !
im currently 22 dating a 31 year old man .
realize you have people in your life who will be there for you .
why did you guys break-up did he want to ?
no ... u should help him find a job
do n't let anyone tell you how to live your life .
that does not make it flirting .
and remember if hes not close to what u like he probly wont change
also i like a guy in my class how do i tell him ?
when your in love no one else matters when your together .
i was married 15 years to a liar .
girls just like to know that they are sexy and appealing to guys .
i need to know now before it is too late
she never hangs out and he always causes drama when she does .
well usually it depends on what kinda girl were talkin about here .
he has a baby and she claims that they are married .
someone who will be by their side no matter what .
mary jane u r acting parinoied maby it is the name mary jane toke up
and for xmas i was thinking of giving him mine !
girl : get the heck out of dodge .
ive been dating this guy who is amazing !
just to chat , wtf do you think you should think about that ?
its easy to say but to feel it is amazing .
try to figure out exactly what it is that has upset you .
hey , nice guys finish last , remember ?
u are pursuing ur own dreams and he should be able to understand that .
ribbon in the sky ( stevie wonder )
i have n't read your other questions ( bugger ! )
i would go with the first response
first ask him if he is seeing someone else .
but seriously , get a photo dude .
best buy or itunes gift card
and i dont like guys who are to short or to tall !
upon the death of yourself or your child
it sounds like his the one that broke up with you , right ?
forget what 's she thinking , make a move .
you dont need a jerk like that .
yes , when it comes to an end ; no way to stop it .
or , failing that , keep on truckin .
she may not enjoy a day at the spa , i do n't .
he 's horney and your too young ... not to mention it 's illegal .
that 's because guys can see better than think
i want to get married and breed , i cant do that with gays .
of course i always try to make her happy but not with gifts .
or the suggestion of a night on the town w/ you !
if you want to have kids , yes .
someone that i know and trust
but does n't have a straight only policy .
if you get returns then it will work out .
someone that i know and trust
but does n't have a straight only policy .
if you get returns then it will work out .
do u like to wear the same cloths everyday
i like pretty much all breasts .
like this is good for one backscratch what else can i put ?
promise him sex ... he probably wo n't refuse !
most likely your insticts are right !
your 're only in for a false future
if it was a total accident then no i would n't - things happen .
not so much shopping , but window shopping .
and it does n't just jump up and grab you at a later time .
you guys broke up so you ca n't hold that against her .
if you have to ask , then the answer is no .
go out and have some fun ( read : get laid ) .
he is 20 years old & i 17
you are hanging out with the wrong crowd
sorry but my wife did the same to me ...
just like some guys like alot of sex and some do n't .
i hope when i am your age i get lucky like that !
lifes short so think carefully : ) the best of luck 2 you !
i want to know about this .
if you would like to delete your yahoo !
if he tries to hook up then u will knw
its all about what the person wants .
if she doesnt want you i do = )
now just use your courage and say it !
if she keeps doing that its probably b/c she knows it aggravates you .
with an negative attitude like that , yup .
buy her stuff and tell her she is right .
i would'nt have thought it bad if had not hid it .
really , though , fun dates do n't have to be expensive .
well i heve heard that australia has the most beautiful woman ... im not sure
know when i 'll be back again oh babe
cause thats not all a relationship is all about .
i believe men look at porn and so what .
and that 's the kind of guy you want anyway .
my wife says they are taken .
it was something that looked like a kid made but she loved it !
you ca n't affect free will , so ... you ca n't .
accept the fact that he/she is n't the one for you .
do n't let yourself get that way .
its not just going to be a gift instead its going to be gifr-for-a-life-time !
i heard a guy explain this best .
i have done every thing that the law allows ... any ideas ? ? ?
u need 2 refer 2 a site 2 know ur frnds email address ?
if he broke up with you , no .
just do n't run to the alter .
i always cheat on my gf and take girls to walmart ! !
yah he is going by his self ! ! ! !
drink too much talk too much ...
i dumped ya , but i didnt mean ... i was drunk !
take a good looka t he situation and u can prob tell
dont fight it , learn it , and u will be better off .
your a jerk and your gon na burn in hell .
ok my man here is the scoop .
just remember , after having sex with a guy makes you phisically connected .
people does this because there ai n't nuthin good to did at school .
oh yeah , but only if they have the right shape of a head .
actually i believe in both at the same time .
nipple and ears are good ... definitely not tongue .
i really really want her back but idk what to do .
just do n't be surprised if he cheats or dumps you .
she has an awful lot to lose .
so , ironically , i love people that i hate .
is lunch in a nice rest .
nothing under the sun is that important ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
it 'd be great if someone could give me the url to download the picture
it 's not that men are dogs .
time , money , or some of both .
they make love face 2 face eye 2 eye .
ignore him some more , he 'll get the message .
dump him and get on with your life .
why is she cheating on me ? ? ?
no , my parents are divorced and only my dad dose that
and tell them that you are n't interested .
if you are a very deermined women like myself then yes .
; ) second part : kiss her below the waist .
ever heard of a friend with benefits/ booty call ?
do n't try to force it , though .
tell her straight out ... ..get the hell out of my life !
they are jerks ... .slap him next time
i read your questions you two have too many issues run boy run
other things that make you happy ?
some people do and some dont
if she is a tom boy , take her to a low class diner .
you also need to keep yourself busy and not think of him like that .
pure & simply bcause they 're selfish !
12 year olds should n't be dating .
then slow down and start again !
i found one that is pretty cool .
i do n't know what to do .
call her and tell her and maybe im or something
someone that is extremly hard to get .
sign up and track ur friends .
then it relates to getting laid .
i do not have a special bond with my father .
and if you find it hot where do you like them at ?
if your brain or heart ca n't tell , wee willy winky will tellya !
sometimes things bother me that does n't bother him .
hit him till he stops bothering you .
i hope u like my answer !
no because if you are only around for the sex where is the relationship ?
men can seperate sex from emotion alot of women ca n't .
u shoould be able to read these signs .
learn to cook , if she ca n't .
i think she 's still not having sex .
i dont want to pay $ 6,000 to someone who does cheezy wedding photos ...
finding someone you want to spend your life with would be love .
how can i find a girlfrind in iran
try talking and you might get that romance once in a while .
mabey you shouldnt say it , maybe you should just go 4 it .
real love in the world is sex
one man and hes 5 years older than me ! ! ! !
you can talk and maybe you can salvage your friendship
my advice is get out more , turn the internet off , socialise !
she is short and fine looking .
most people just go for easy .
no - he is n't worth it and you are worth more .
i am not attracted to girls that do n't shave .
do u look good in them ?
if he likes you back , well , need i say more .
you just have to follow ur heart and see what hapends .
what love words can i call my lover ?
and i not arrange marriage is not at all bad .
used to live in long beach , ca , moved to texas in 1992 1993
you can get hom only in the dreams
i am really shy and talking to girls is really hard for me .
you need to dump that fool girl .
the worst he can say is no .
to break up with my boyfriend for somthing he never did
if so , give him a chance .
im not huge but im bigger than average and ive never had a problem .
the worst he can say is no .
if so , give him a chance .
im not huge but im bigger than average and ive never had a problem .
tell her you have a crush on her lol
well girl , most of the time you do n't !
where as some guys are just desprately looking for any girl to love him .
unless you 're a super model , nobody want to be your sugar daddy .
yeah wast jazzy girl said ^^^^^^^ i would fall 4 that
i think if your in love leave your husband and wife and be together
becuase i so dont believe in marraige !
we were lucky cuz we could
hope this helps , best of luck .
i dont know much about her .
but it seems to me ur looking for a way out of the relationship
no ... unless you are stalking them , then it is bad
what say the rest of you ?
well sounds like from what you said , he is soooooo not over her .
is she someone you wish to spend the rest of your life with ?
those are the hottest things on my man !
my daughter is 26 , and not married , but beautiful and smart .
i just ca n't relax and enjoy sex .
you deserve someone better to that man .
cuz we are like that oh and learn how to spell ( girls )
talk on the phone like i suggested in your other post : }
do n't if you guys have a connection , he 'll ask you first .
just show her a good sexperience .
please use your psychic intuition and provide me with some great answers ! ! !
if you 're lucky , wifey wo n't find out .
back hair ... . can you say yuckkkkk ! ! ! ! ! ! !
there are a couple of things at play here .
i do n't believe there is a correct age .
she needs to learn how to be an adult .
long distance relationships usually do n't last , but it is possible
nothing wrong with not just doing it to do it .
b'coz i thought thts gud for her and after tht our relationship is low..
bet the guy to kiss you
and look at him right in the eyes .
in your case i would say no .
i guess it would n't be so wrong as long as your like 16 .
i mean do really take that much
because it cant be a one way street .
first ask youself if he is the right guy .
still can she have a crush on me .
because she ate all of his food man !
one was 30 the other 20. they were really nice & sweet .
yes ... either tell him to get serious or get lost .
i am not sure when she will say it .
yes it is it just takes sime time.try it and you will see .
what will u do with all the data ? ?
what is it help me plz ? ?
and that they have no business messing with your marriage .
well i think if you love her than age does n't matter .
because girls are more emotional and get alot of their think from early on .
you can enjoy him/her in any way , any where , and any how !
i work in a junior high school , i can wait .
just be a friend to her and sooner things might develop .
once a sl_t always a sl_t .
meet a female to date for free
if you find him ... .do n't let him go !
i want , i need , i deserve a pretty girl .
i do n't think anything of it .
the magic 8 ball says : ask again later ...
just keep on loving him , but do it genuinely !
does n't matter the key fact is she 's your wife !
here think of it this way ...
to watch ur little one , and have some fun together .
some women are easy to persuade , some are n't .
if u like a girl and ur allowed to date go for it .
get legal what a great advice !
! i really need some backup on this one anyone ?
this irks me ... are girls really nice or are they really mean ?
my first love was when i was 14 !
not a crazy word , just a crazy world .
men like asian chicks because they are female .
we fall in love becuse we are very very happy
my guess would be because men are lazy .
i think holidays could give us a real rest
you fight a lot with someone you love .
when u are in love and know that this is the right person
well since it wasnt a real relationship , id move on !
hot guys that smell good and have a possitive attitude .
of course its good , if u make it so .
that he does'nt want to talk about .
im in love and it feels soooo good .
but it does n't mean they guy will last longer than a minute .
find something unique to make it special .
but when you actually think you are ... you really might not be .
do not try to date just yet .
i want to know my future i want to know my marriage
a 4 letter word that has created havoc for years !
espcially when you argue over dumb stuff
but make sure he feels the same for you .
should i send her a note n cc him ?
its hard but your gon na have to let go
buy one of those sex dolls instead .
girls like older men who can hold it down
how old u r anyway does anybody agree w/ on this question !
if not in your area , then goto another area .
girls you would say no to if they asked you out .
that always ( and i mean always ) works .
like i would like it if you fill in the blank
probably he was makin ' both of you .
when he/she is what you think about all the time .
tha other was a white guy in 6th grade .
just want to see what other people out there like .
but talk to him first that is number one !
hope i did n't confuse you too much .
but nothing can come out of it cause they are best friends
but one has to make it that way .
listen give him a break maybe hes going through something .
so how do i start things off ?
well ... you should just be your self !
when she says no , she means no !
god loves you if you love you .
well ... yeah , some women like nerds .
if you like you could bring them to whatever sports your into .
wait until you are sick of her .
christain are propose to go by the new one .
if you want some diamonds for your birthday , just ask !
this man would go celibate before ever thinking of screwing a man !
rip his clothes off when he gets home !
when you hear their voice u melt .
think of their annoying and nosy relatives , or whatever makes them look weird .
sorry , but i 'm just not interested .
play just sounds so much more fun !
move on , this sounds like a one way street
oh and be ready to pay for the check ! !
probably not ... i do n't want random germs !
yet , he says he still loves me .
or i have been lied to and i suck .
you might even make some money talking about it on jerry springer !
please be waiting for me baby when i come around .
honestly , you 're just gon na have to deal .
... he sounds boring ... very unlike men such as myself ... lol .
he has liked me for soooooo long
my first time wasnt good at all .
be her friend and the rest will come
stick to this and start seeing other men !
if he likes sports , buy him a skyblue basketball or something
but is there any way to look at it ?
because women give men fake relationship so we have to cheat on them
but is there any way to look at it ?
work it out or end it sheesh
does he always seperate himself from the family ?
they only like to be tied up with a ring on their finger
i am not sure what to do or think .
let me know if this helps
it would be best if u asked a family member about that
if you both like it , cool .
i met my son 's stepfather at work : )
you ask a married woman if she has a sister .
are u both willing to take that chance ?
a true friend is someone you can talk to and someone u can trust .
i think you should tell here soon
but you should n't trust my opinion , i just like lesbians : ) lol
sounds like your man is an inconsiderate pig .
you already have alot of doubt .
he has a girl that lives far away though .
if that does n't help you can always try the yahoo !
how do i win her back ?
wow , sorry to hear about your girl , thats sad .
i told her and she is thinking about it .
if she does it again , start looking for a replacement ...
ask his friends or better yet a sister or a brother .
ur not sposed to make a boy interested .
what you feel when you met the guy/girl of your dremas
do n't wait for him to make the move ! !
chat with me and email me .
take him somewhere energetic or make it a romatic night at home .
you should wait until you are married if that is what you want .
you need to get him checked out .
this way you will always be having fun while your looking .
maybe she is sick or got kidnapped ... be creative .
i can tap my feet for hours !
why do women cheat on men ?
what has she always wanted to do ?
now , who say age is just a mere number ?
it does n't have to cost anything .
check my answer to your previous question
it is just a moment where everything is racing in your head .
then you can face him or away from him .
always go with you first mind .
once she 's gone , she 's gone , unless ... unless ...
if it looks 'cared for ' i wouldnt worry too much
but now , it 's like a dream come true .
if he was chrisitan like he should have been ( equally yolked ? )
i have learned this lesson the hard way- mind your business ! ! !
omg i would just enjoy and say nothing .
i 'm not perfect nor will i ever be , but better : )
all he can do is say no .
you cant stand to be apart and you do everything together .
think of that little thing they do that 's so annoying .
well maybe u should get back with ur ex instead od using someone else
it is a two way street .
i stay platonic friends with all my exs because im just a nice guy .
no it will only lead to problems , trust me i know !
so when in doubt ask your girl what she wants out of her relationship .
guys also love talking about themselves .
well honestly i think who ever this person is , is so self absorbed .
i know what you mean man .
there is one out there for you .
i dont have a problem with that .
then after you have enough , get love .
you have a complex , get over it ! ! !
be sweet , but do n't overdo it .
if the two of you are apart now you should keep it that way .
otherwise she may think that u only want to fulfill ur desires .
easy to massage and i like that sleek look .
when that certain person starts acting weird around you .
if your not already friens with them , get that first .
i think guys want sex , women want security .
but i could be wrong , this is just what i 've heard .
he was just good to me and the kids .
both man and woman enjoys sex
but make sure you get her permission first !
going to the movies were it is quiet
and dont talk about porn or masterbating in front of her
tell them you do not see them that way .
he likes the colour skyblue & he likes chains
our lip when talking those words
a bf that she is about to dump ?
is she willing to give it up for you ?
and that you want to try to work this out .
being yourself and not something your not .
get over it and just f -- k her good ... answ3r3r
sounds a bit funny to me .
i would prefer a girl 20+ years younger ... .girls my age suck .
they 're hunters , so let him hunt !
its sounds like your a bit angry ! ! !
as long as the person wants to stay on the phone , hell yeah !
just go , its better being single anyhow .
once in a while bring her flowers .
just wait the right person will come it just might take a while
they have more class and are more > what should i say ?
now think of this guy ... is he worth that .
why did n't you think of all that before you did what you did ?
then i gave it to the lady .
your gon na have to hurt thier feelings regardless .
so that they can make as many babies as possible .
but here 's what i would do ...
you go with your bf on their meetings .
so just think about what your getting into before you jump in .
duh when summer comes around again go back .
especially the ones from eastern europe !
maby one day your will come along
but everyday we hold hands and each other when its cold .
i think it means they flirt with other people .
how do i get him back ?
is it such a bad thing to be a virgin ? ?
what if you did that and you lost your friend ?
chivalry is dead ... and women killed it .
well it depends ... ... ... .. do u really love her ?
theres , this guy that i see all the time at school .
say i love u and ur good at sports and ur hott
did he bring me breakfast in bed like i did for him .
and i might be boring him .
i do n't want to be nasty to her .
if you love that person , you should n't wan na share them .
and the manly answer is ... both at once !
if he hurts your feeling , he dose not like you
oh wait- maybe that 's just 'tired ' .
they are fun and everyone likes them .
i need somewhere to hold on to
why get involved with this type of guy ?
this way you will have both .
do ur thing and have fun .
depends on how old you two are .
any way you cut it , divorce sucks .
at the homepage highlight songs and click free downloads .
tell him the two of them might need couseling .
this girl definately is interested in you .
but that is only what i think .
sorry im a decent heterosexual man
both of you dont really mind if you dont do it .
love that 's how money starts ... ... ... .with love
do what the f % ck u wan na do
hope that helps and you do n't take my advice in jest !
once you are married you can have all you want !
do what the f % ck u wan na do
hope that helps and you do n't take my advice in jest !
once you are married you can have all you want !
long hair , girls licking their ice cream cones
if that isnt unconditional love i dont know what is ...
the eyes are the best part of a woman
no there are people out ther just like you .
i met my boyfriend at my school !
ask if she likes this or that .
when you do not have to sneak
tell him i want you to kiss me .
when u know the reality of real love .
ask him wut his answer is .
should i hang out with him ?
trogens r supposed to be good
not to small , but not too big .
someone you would die for is love .
this has happened to me before , it sucks but you know what ?
did you see the movie trois
but statistically it is up to 2-3 times a week and 10 times a month
it does not.. greek gods does have a small ones , believe me !
getting back willmake him think you changed your mind .
although nice guys can whoop your ass too .
but watever , i guess sense im not in that postition i dont understand .
i totally agree try and spice thinngs up a little that always works
once alot of men hear they have a baby they tend to leave
you ever hear that saying no one loves you like you do ?
not to get nasty or anything but have you tried phone sex ?
he will cheat on you just as he cheated on her .
maybe be friends with the opposite sex .
in comes joe nathan in the 9th ... ...
sounds tight , if you find out let me know too !
but waht if i like it and want it to continue ?
well , it was like reading her diary .
have sex before and after studying
oh yeah and he 's going to me birthday party .
i have an 18 months old..so i know ! !
well didnt have one so no high and no low
just my experience : ) good luck !
soulmate comes after love which come after friendship
dont do it if its not something you want .
just keep looking for em ' , she out there .
as she stands there with her boyfriend .
- do you still want to be married to your spouse ?
you have to make sacrifices for those you love
but i want to be with him .
her and her boyfriend discussed everything ... ! ! !
you wo n't go to hell just for being a lesbian .
make out when the ball drops !
only if it was a wrong number
if he is super cute you should go out with him .
oh god ! , why would you ever do that ? .
that would be something you would need to work out with her .
if you are not ready ... do n't .
and i can wait to go to school .
head games are for kids not adults ... k
when they act shy around u and when they r really really nice .
this kind of questions comes up qhen you are in doubt .
well theres still plenty of years ahead of you , so dont worry !
personally i wouldnt care either way .
my motto is say what you mean , mean what you say .
im 25 male ang good looking with a daughter
should i tell her that and then dump her for her mom ?
next someone will want to marry a tree , o
guys to like conversing and they love it when girls approach them at all .
it wil lblow her mind that you listened to her .
real women want the good guy .
hang out at the snco or o'club .
see what can go wrong in this picture ?
i wonder what exactly is on the east coast ? ? ? ?
he is missing out , not you : )
so no , soulmates do not exist .
there must be some things that work and some things that do n't .
well ... because ... we are girls ! ! !
buy him a brand new skyblue car with key chains on it !
but , it seems like lately we do nothing but fuss and disagree .
frankly even gay guys would dumb you in a heart beat ! ! !
ask yourself these questions..am i happy .
call the summer camp and con your way into getting her info .
the girl and i never see each other at all now .
u 'll never go if u did n't become a lesbian
when you are mature - interdependance .
but was his love for her love , period ?
*shrug* but love is beautiful if it 's the real thing : )
he probaly just did n't find her yet
listen to bearhead , that 'll do the trick .
so gay that im going to quit talking now .
ok question ... ... . would you have sex right after eating 9,000 doughnuts ?
? ... use protection regardless what you decide..
of course its easier to run .
the strong and silent stratigy has always worked 4 me
dont blame her blame her mom or dad .
just be a man and ask her out .
well dressed girls ... and long hair ones..i love em ' !
it sounds like you 're in love with this guy .
u go to school with these people called peer 's get to know them .
when i got home he was still there sleep .
it 's like a big sign that says i 'm easy !
realistically have 3-5 times per week
it dependes on what he likes .
they need medication make them go to the doctor .
most bestfriends that tried the relationship thing , arent bf at all anymore .
~~pretty stupid that i asked it !
angelbaby you just ca n't go around saying this you have to ask seprate
during school i have two jobs and 15 credit hours .
it drives you crazy , so it works .
men tend to get lazy -- when that happens the body gets lazy too .
should n't you be concentrating on school & doing your homework ?
your brother is going to be fine .
give them a chinese burn ... works every time
but if it is assault , battery , etc .
but it sure makes it fun ! !
how long did they date and what was the nature of their relationship ?
thats just fine as long she is 18 and above play on playa
girl , it sounds to me like he only wants the booty .
yes and no ... ... ... but they love it ... ...
if there is one out there they are welcome to e-mail me a picture !
i like to be with you ... .
i always tell my fiancee if its beautiful , then its beautiful ...
anyone with a suggestion please reply to me at earldbjr @ yahoo.com
if it is just for a night , just enjoy it : p
i ca n't seem to find a heterosexual straight guy anywhere ...
being friends with your ex is actually healthy .
gee , i dont know , how long u been datin her ?
probably , but so is everything else humans do on a daily basis .
; ) just kidding , i personally prefer loose fitting underwear ...
and , no..i 'm not fat or a loser .
i 'll leave the rest up to you !
love love is more powerful then money
if he does n't ... well , then , you are better off .
if he really likes you he 'll open up .
i 'd say whenever you get married .
i do n't mean a one nighter .
good luck in life and love ! !
what are your intentions with this person ?
and also why gripe about honest men ?
easily , but you should spend lot of time with otherwise you lose it !
i told him , then we 'd do what you have planned of course !
they dont like it ... they love it !
love is a game no doctor can explain it tickels the and affeces the brain
what can i do to make him want me again
u dont ... ..unless u ask ... . ( her out that is )
ya , they are everywhere you just have to know where to look .
not some girl who frets and never tries asking .
i really adore big girls ... but i 'm not infactuated by them..
i found out the hard way ...
other than that i think it is great ! ! !
just make sure he is the one for you !
( i 'll send you pictures if you do n't believe me ) .
i met her a while ago ...
do n't listen to her , she 's a dyke .
because nature is boy wit gurl .
some like it , some love it , and some hate it .
and do n't bring it up again .
if he did n't hear you ask , then bring it up again .
some girls like it but i am willing to say that most do not .
well hottie do you spend time with your girlfriend ?
i 'll mary u grrr , but what if u suck in bed ? ?
that is the damn nature of a women !
if he says no , then they are yours to keep .
6 months later he is still so egotistical .
people need there space why dont u call him at all be fair
i do n't think it is wrong .
if it does , then i am cheating way to much .
if it does , then i am cheating way to much .
cheese people would say this person likes you but its just a battle ! !
i am single , rich , hott ( very ) and women love me .
then when you see she is enjoying your company , ask her out
yes love can hurt but then again it may not
( we are best friends or should i say were best friends ! )
speak up and do n't assume anything ! !
that 's what marraige is all about .
i wish i can change that .
if u like my addvice e-mail me at , tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
do n't worry about the young men , they 'll get old too !
i would like to get her number
but i dated a slew of women .
walk up to one and say , kiss me big boy !
just get a girlfriend where you live .
dont push her but dont act like u dont care .
everyones i know says i was to young to b in love !
going on dates and disturbing girls
i really think you should leave your husband a.s.a.p .
thats what attracts them to most women .
1- make her loves you , deeply .
suck it up and take it in stride .
are there bigger issues at hand that he doesnt wantto discuss ?
give yourself time to get over him .
diffrent people mature at diffrent ages and some never do .
your not ready for that now .
than he could feel how u r feeling .
i do n't think i want to .
basically , if we do do it we are just messing with you .
i do n't live in ohio , got family there though .
of course they both had girlfriends !
people suck and sh** on others all the time it is human nature .
i have one & i am married to him !
happy new year to you tinamaries43
but about the whole marraige thing !
cant force somebody to like you .
afternoon morning night who cares it is sex
get a calling card at talkloop.com .
because we do n't want to give it up and be that weeks flavor !
i think most girls like a taller guys than they are .
but yet ... .if u know..u can aswer and give me a hint !
i know alot of guys that do .
no way unless you are shelly on this message board
i love my grilfriend veary much
i rather us be friends then nothing at all .
ooooh there 's a whole bunch of stuff ... 1.attention whores ( ex .
girls prefer both tall and short guys ...
just do n't play too hard to get .
if you barely know here , maybe not .
why they take what you say , and twist everything around .
yes we do it on prepose , some women dont need men anymore
but my wife wont take out the garbage .
i dont think i ever was .
ive had my best friend since i was 6 and im 16 now .
because no one has been down there before stretching her so thats why
nope cause it gives u a break from everything
no way forget what the haters say .
you should be more focused on their personality : )
stop trying so hard , you 'll end up losing him that way .
if there are sparks he 's probably interested .
one more your age girl , not a 56 year old ! !
anyone much younger that that would n't be ok , generally speaking .
if he pay like he weighs sell em asap ! ! !
i 'm actually a really good looking , well educated guy .
for man 23 to 28 and for female 20 to 28
if she is not attractive then who knows- once per week/month ?
i took a lady out and she drank way too much .
then it is the wrong time .
i talk to him more at school then my own boyfriend
then just kick that useless wuss out .
and : what kind of person pays for sex ?
i guess we never know until we ask him ?
yes i have a younger boyfriend and our relationship is fine
ok , guys dont lose anything after having sex and gals lose most .
now dont be mad , calm down .
and forget the past- can not return it back anyway !
give him beers and let him get drunk .
now when i see him , all we do is ... .just stare .
truth hurts ... ..thats the way it is
how can i meet other 15 year olds
hey chopdown101 that site is brutal .
ask any way you want , but be sooooooooooooo careful with that step .
say hello my name is & youre name is and go from there .
depends on the guy , depends on the girl .
if you are a guy , girls like brave guys .
sounds to me like she certainly likes you !
do n't listen to ignorant people , girl .
or you 're the one paying the rent ?
barry white ... anything , even just breathing , is sexy .
but i think u had this thoughts before marriage also..if im not wrong .
if you do it with him now you 'll regret it later i promise !
when you find love , you will definentily know it ! - i promise !
you keep on the way you are !
everyone deserves a second chance ! ... .but not a third ! !
do n't hint around about something like that .
she was a down to earth great person .
no life can be replaced ever ... not yours , not mine .
of course not.. unless u want a relationship only based on looks..
they do n't have mind ... believe me ; )
if u have to ask u have a problem
she is really scared of getting hurt once again .
do you want a buddy or a girlfriend ?
yeah , i think its about time , just use protection .
guys would n't date girls if they could n't get any action at all .
this my dear is totally unfair .
sometimes we forget that we simply need to ask .
it shouldnt be just about sex .
seriously , if you have to ask , you are an idiot
be honest , and accepting ... thats the christian way , huh ?
do some checking out before you ask him again .
love is love have it your way .
short answer , i guess i dont know ...
of course you girls give me your two cents worth too !
everybody wants to know this but nobody knows really ! ! !
so hang in there man there is a girl looking for the nice guy .
ask your mom and your blumber
i think true love only comes once .
i like being called pet but that 's just me ... . : )
no one uses drugs just for the fun of it .
i think tat 's are sexy as hell .
i would pick- > latin woman , hands down .
there 's some more , but it varies guy to guy ...
i dont know what to say sorry !
a book or cd that she really wants but dose n't have
yes but cheat on him first
and it would conqure all if emotions were not involved .
seems to me like mr. x is playing the field .
during sex ... are you a top or bottom ?
i am in love ( sort of ) and need to know
its ok to have friends but dont take it no further than that .
he says i tell our business but people around us already know .
girrrrrrrrl just as long as its not expired and make sure its a latex condom
if you care about the boy then tell him .
you obviously got married for a reason .
u had a baby and he 's not ready to be a daddy !
ok , who or what are you searching for ?
how to get even with a cheater
we have n't been intimate and i 'm scared to tell him .
well , u can start with that .
have i lost my best life : ( ?
especially when his head is shining .
i do n't know what to think .
women want their guy to know what they actually want.. without even saying !
just be your self , dont try too hard it will happen
thats like being with your dad and thats just sick .
my wife does not know , i do n't want her to know .
not many men out there like a woman that dresses trashy or slutty .
a lot of asian girls look like asian boys .
another trick is just get a boy toy to hang out with .
moving his head back and forth like a chicken ?
i was going to ask this one too !
why is he even having sex w/you if he 's gay ?
it is still paid , if you want further info .
if he dosent ell u , then that obvioysly means no .
you could try asking a girl out to start .
try to make her comfortable and assure her that you really love her
plus you said it yourself , you guys are all just really close friends .
no because your being a iddiot
ya just ask her and secretly go out wif dat person
oh yes oh oh oh yes yes yes yes yes ! !
if you ca n't talk about it yet , you 're not ready .
even if using it with your hand .
we love you guys and you let us do it .
not even sure what friendster is ?
trust god and you will know !
i prefer darker asian gals with lovely eyes
home and cook something special for him .
if you love your bf , you will trust him .
is that some sort of a miniture dog ?
do u even talk to her
my friend is real big and she has plently of guys wanting her .
app $ 400.00 , and it 's a lot more fun .
its good for me but i prefer morning
go to a place where you are all a lone and then just ask her
it 's too late dude , you 're not going to get one .
i like long haired guys too , but really ?
listening to what they have to say .
lip to lip is n't french kissin ... .usin tongue is french kissin
but you have to mean it .
wait till you are at least 30 ... twenties are too much fun .
i do n't want to jump to conclusions ...
men like them young and some men like them a bit to young .
hunny , its valled the 1 week rule !
find a friend that lives closer to you ... sorry
i will not ever do it again !
my husband still does n't have a job .
give me the real thing any day .
you date as many as u want until u purse a serious relationship w/ one
no your guy friend is not a good person to discuss it with .
you keep all men happy with that .
if it a sex headache , get over it already !
do you intend to disown any grandchildren born from this union as well ?
dont be shy and ask her .
my advice is to stop looking ...
bc its finds u not u find it
you can not make someone want to have sex with him .
if the time is right though .
well where a uniform ha ha ha ! ! !
how many times and how many people will ask this question ?
go a looooong time with out fighting .
proposed in jan fought in march got forgiven in oct. married in nov .
the sooner you do , the faster you can get on with your life .
or ask when it 's a good time
i mean hes going to be gone for 3-6 years .
wait until 15 to allow that , then mini golf with an adult escort .
try base.google.com , if you are seraching for a person
i am a girl and i love boys.especially cute ones
be yourself , take him somewhere that u like .
tu es mui bonita or tu es caliente !
well its your choice its about time you experience true pleasure
not because he wants you to .
depends who you ask ... some might find that hot .
fly over there and knock door to door .
go and speak with his homie .
why would you not of picked that as your best answer ?
thats so how bad things happen to ppl
now i know what your thinking .
will you do me the honor of marrying me ? ?
so in answer to your question ... ... ... ... .yes .
no tats , no piercings , thick hair but clean cut .
also , can you just move out ?
dating should be fun and not always trying to work problems out .
she is bit shy away and introward .
18+ because than your on your own
i think u guys need to talk -- -seriously !
give a nice smile and there ya go
then u can ask her out on a friendly get together .
if your looking for love wait on sex , you 'll thank me later ...
if it does then i 'm cheating waaaaay too much .
if it doesnt hurt , then its not love at all .
do mind not bieng # 1 on her list .
he just does n't want you with anyone else .
if she 's attractive then once/day is normal .
im college trying to get my degree in photograpghy !
did n't quite work out cause i lost both of them
well i think there is one out there for everyone !
dude 3 months and snuggs has given her answer already ...
because he 's a man - only deals with important things .
when someone plays w/ ur angus
always remember why you broke up .
why would she all of the sudden do this ?
well , do you like the boy who really likes you ?
no and the sad truth when you get married it is not unconditional either .
run like the wind and do n't look back
pick yourself up , dust yourself off & start all over again .
the gods are telling me no ...
and just like prettyricky say age ai n't nothing but a #
if you are , you just know .
it really depends on her past time frame
and it sound like he wants to control you girl
printed , colored , white ... .it doesnt matter : )
do n't beat yourself up about it .
wait till you think your in love then determian that question .
hmmm all goes back to what you want to believe ... .
you just might need to take it slower .
keep them and do n't look back .
no answer just i want to collect 2 points ; )
i am not saying that is right .
my personal favorite right now is angel eyes !
you wo n't lose it until u die .
whats good i need a gurl to talk to
what do guys do to show that they like a girl
i guess that it depends on the girl ur with
if u really love her go on and marry her .
or u can have a friend ask her 4 u .
if you get a good answer , let me know .
someone that you want to please is love .
say bye and do n't look back
( and that was almost 4 years ago ! ! ! )
well theres no real good way .
some ppl are just into really kinky things
the first thing i so do n't want to forget ... ... ..his words .
just tell him how you feel .
faith honesty beauty femininity what lies inside
they always say wat they do n't know wont hurt
its hard to remember when you 're with the next chick
i will still be working..no holidays for me : (
good friends do n't care if you ca n't call them .
if you like areal men men come chris_rou2000 @ yahoo.gr
you will have a nice life , if you make it that way .
or , he just does n't find you interesting .
i was the first one to ask this question .
some never , some sometimes & some all the time ... it all depends .
pretty gals can make guys extreme excited .
shame on you if you do !
you ca n't turn it on and off .
this is driving me crazy , what should i do !
but , that does n't mean that is has to be huge .
do n't do it just to make him happy .
first of all , you should n't do it over the phone .
i 'm going to tell it to ya straight .
in the first i said to you hi my honey .
maybe women are just more vocal , like they are in day-to-day life .
ask this question in december and i 'll tell ya .
but know this , men lie it 's like second nature .
he 's trying to close this one out ! ! ! ! ! !
just go out with another person .
is the thing that worth running all life after and die for ...
do n't give up on us baby .
you got ta get out there and talk to them .
the one with the bigger boobs .
yes yes and yes ... . if ur flexable
i found out that if i talked to guy friends of mine .
well , if your the one who wanted to break up , no .
many men are n't this way at all .
do let him go or hang on ?
now that gay and gay marriage has become law .
neither they both smell like curry
how old are the 2 of you ?
i agree with ans 1 & 3. just enjoy while u can .
you can never be to young to be inlove enjoy it
guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are .
how old are the 2 of you ?
i agree with ans 1 & 3. just enjoy while u can .
you can never be to young to be inlove enjoy it
guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are .
what if men couldnt screw women ... .would they resort to men ? ?
she helped out more seh was not only concerned with her appearance
if it 's okay with her , why not ?
i like men tall , dark and sexy .
just come out and say it .
go literotica.com i send my hubby stories from there .
he will not talk to me on the phone .
well.. i say it directly n quite frequently !
when my sister was nine she wanted one soo bad .
if he will not listen then leave .
but you are not for sure it could just be in your head .
weve had ups and downs but weve always pulled through everything .
11 and a virgin at that ? ? ! !
yes , depending on a person 's life experience .
no god is very very special !
where 's ur faith , and ur mountain ? ? ?
but a man is always a man .
i say atleast 3 times a week -- --
you do n't want it to fester .
! but look into your soul and find the right answer ! ! !
is he always living in my dreamland ? ~~
just curious , cause i 've heard arguments on both sides
18-25 - have fun , carpe diem .
i had them sign the setlist .
are u a database designer ?
it depends how they were in bed
tell him to stop jealous or ur life will be as hell
easy ... go to a place filled with hippies
should i stop being her friend ?
just try spending more time with your family .
get busy without him and watch him come running !
dont spend your time with a man that doesnt appreciate you !
u should be mad but do n't over do it .
there is a girl for you .
to young ... wait 2 more years at least : - )
if i only had one head i would cry .
can anyone tell me how to flirt ?
if these do n't work , give it up , there 's some other problem
i only like germs from people i know .
as soon as you see his eyes start to wonder its already too late .
yep that would be the quickist way to fin out .
it is just a number as long as u r healthy and happy .
but dont lay it on too thick cause she 'll think your cocky !
keep a tortia in ur pocket
probably not for most people though
( my bad ) and he 's doimincan with gorgeous light eyes .
time will tell ... she may never appear
did you ever just love an animal like a cat or dog ?
if you love him and give him the best sex in the world !
he will get annoy and you then can tell him to go away .
i know it 's crazy 4 wives in 20 years .
! dont ever say you cant meet your soulmate online !
it depend on youre out look .
catch aids , and you 've got it until it gets you !
we are not together at this time
love is meant with sincerity and compassion and hate is with deciete and lies
unless death was not natural and under investigation
trust me there are nice guys , i 'm one of them .
if he likes sports , then a jersey with his favorite team on it ...
now if youre butt ugly , please dont ask .
the lack of ... .. from one side or another..
they are all working on the farms girl lol .
as i can see you doing good with him so give me some tips !
tall , rather muscular but not arnold huge !
no one likes to be hurt .
but we want to feel wanted to
depends on what are u comparing it too .
trust your instincts they are usualy right .
ha ha ... ive heard that joke before
i think you strong and wise for that desicion
do you think that i have a chance with him ? ?
get with a close friend duh !
hope you will find your love soon : )
well most women do not need a man .
did you see the movie trois
try asking her if she 's trying to tell you something with this .
most do not , but some do .
enjoy the fantasy if you want , but forget making it a reality .
2 years will not matter unless you are really young
that person could really like you
anything , man , that you know she is into !
lust at first sight ... love at first conversation .
so is it possible , hell ya .
how old are you in the first place ?
well try to tell them reply me if you can marvinndlovu @ yahoo.com
but most of all , do n't try to be someone you are not .
she knows how to make men suffer !
your friend really cares about the guy .
there is a website called theclitoris.com .
stroke you up ( i forgot the artist )
when he 's constanly eyeing u and smiling .
too many people use that excuse .
we have been dating 3 1/2 yrs .
she can be a b -- ch for no reason .
she was lucky i didnt press charges .
would u want ur boyfriend 2 hang wit sum chick that liked him ?
i think grandfathers always right in these matters
sure , i have lady friends that hang out with me .
much easier than it is to switch back , i 'd imagine !
i think its changes things for the worse !
first of all your already asking the wrong question .
might as well say he lives with me .
whats the worst that could happen .
you ca n't help him unless you help him .
if you want it go ahead but put your own rules on it .
kind of like trying to take a shower with your clothes on .
that is a beautiful woman , something about her look does something to me !
tell him to leave you alone , and to go cluck him self .
should i stay or should i go ?
i would n't wait for him , i would dump him and move on .
first u have to think about the consiquinces .
um , i dunno , maybe he likes her personality ? ! ?
they are married or have boyfriends .
i hope this gives you a good start .
heck ya its possible , want some help ?
i 'm a guy and it kind of gives me the creeps .
just take it one day at a time , and see what happens ...
he said he was just thinking of something .
go get a job , and a car !
thats the way it is and will always be , dont know why .
i miss may family so much most importantly i miss my lil sis .
do you have food to eat ?
and then again dont be to high ! ! !
call your lover..your little ginger snap .
but i do n't remend being friends w/ benefits .
the problem is that i always end up looking for the wrong girl .
anyway she sounds like she meant a lot .
but , if you 're like 30 , most people will consider that weird .
think of this , take him to a resturaunt .
see if he talks or follow u a lot .
to try to get someone to like yourself .
i get you bro im tired of that shit happening
but i dont see the point either !
differnt ppl determain this in diffrent ways .
always willing to try new things , cheez_it_lord
put it this way it dont feel pretty .
how do you know that u ar in love wity someone ,
2-choose the right time { for a female } 3- words are very useful .
do not ask a guy if he likes you .
men wan na hump every day..unless they are cheating or gay .
if he does n't like u , u 'll know and can move on .
she is not your girlfriend anymore .
your wife has doubts , that given already .
why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
cuz i dont want my plans to get ruined !
i have to tell ya , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
if i only could pick just one !
your wife has doubts , that given already .
why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
cuz i dont want my plans to get ruined !
i have to tell ya , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
if i only could pick just one !
btw -- you guys are my 8-ball right now .
if u are a christain , then its a sin .
yes you and your husband should move to texas and become an engineer
lol i think its retarded to have gay marriages .
then , think about this ... -- i have food to eat .
i dont remember the first only the last min .
get the book , you wo n't regret it ! ! !
maybe you are a good person and you just dont get it .
if she was worth it then , she 's worth it now !
when he is comfortable , ask him if he 's been seeing anyone else ?
same answer for a gift for mom : 1 .
you wont have to ask this question
your not fat sweetheart your sexy !
it is a dumb way to mess up yours and your frens lives forever .
what did u get ur self into ?
if he drinks every day than thats to much .
okay here is my lil input .
i would call the police , just to protect the child .
i 've found that it usually means that they are inexperienced .
he probaly does if you are attractive and have a good personality
what if one day they did that s*** to you ! !
i do n't like too many muscles .
they do n't think with the right head ! ! ! !
why ca n't i get over this one person ?
my daughter is going out with a grade-lower boy .
its fun and its helps u move on .
its the same in both cases but there are some dudes who prefer big women
well i thought i was in love at 16 , then again at 17 .
if you hit her..even better , just don ’ t knock her out .
but some guys are just so good at cheating that you cant tell .
you say it for as long as you actually love her .
3 weeks i told her that i was falling for her .
get your devorse because you do n't love your husband any more .
most certainly ... the hardest part is keeping things going long distance ...
it 's undescribable but you will know when the time comes .
how can u tell if he is the love of your life ?
did you make actual plans or did you just ask him to come over .
it 's the thought that counts , really , it is .
like i said they are all jerks and assholes
if anyone abuses you in any way .
i am a christian so i want a christian respones .
well i found out they were seeing each other for almost a year .
been going out for 5 years ...
by being pretending a resposible / busy / gentle man .
i reckon if you do , you do
i gave u some addresses where u can meet gays without paying .
that should tell you she is honest and adventurous
woah , that was an easy question : )
i 'm 17 and still have n't had a date yet : (
when ever you both are in the mood for some lovin '
it 's only wrong if you say april fool afterwards .
if you do n't see each other !
i better answer the last questions !
but a could meet this fat girl that would die for you .
let me say this as calmly as i can ... ..absolutely ! ! ! !
do not ever even think about getting physically abusive just because you are angry .
lol try it ... or do sumthing huge ! ! !
good luck ask your lawyer !
even if you just had their first child ?
serve me is the idea i see .
guys/ girls love to talk also .
and he has to put me before video games .
i am going after my partner not the person they were with .
did he ask you to marry him ?
and yes it works the other way around .
too much detail than asked for .
sleep in my bed and see what happens : - )
do u want to speand the rest of your life with me ?
a good friend that will listen will help more than u can imagine
cook and clean for him : )
well , first i am going to put this out there .
it 's easy for me but for her it 's too big deal
you have to be strong and move on !
i did n't even gotten married during christmas season .
but merry christmas to you too !
the morning after a nightlong beer drinking taste testing contest
if so why and if not why ?
but easy may not be a good thing !
nope and nope and definately nope .
you would not like to do it always right .
i hope you find good news ... .
you 'll know it , no doubt about it !
isnt it illegal if ur under 18 ?
do you really want her back ?
kiss him goodnight and whisper i love you..
because laws very from state to state .
i would n't try to talk to her .
if you ar n't poly , just date one of them .
then decide if its actually worth your time to date her .
so good blessings with u & all-
if he 's that affectionate otherwise i doubt he 'd mind .
time will show and actions will prove !
one : why did you get married to him anyways ?
a lady in the st. , but a freak in the bed
if you dont , it wont be as good ... for any of you .
plus relationships now adays end up in divorce so why waste your time .
who matters more , mom or her ?
cuz i love somebody i dont even know at all
and , i tried to make her see/feel/know how much i love her .
one last advice : you have to want it as much as your partner .
all can see is there face & there voice sends cills down your back .
think of where her favorite places are- public or private ?
its girth not length that matters anyway .
maybe women are n't your thing ... . : ) ; )
first , wait for your sack to drop .
because guys are really weird and they like looking at girls boobs ad buts .
if you sacrifice too much of yourself then you wont be you anymore .
if you even have to ask , he 's not the one !
if i could rearrage the alphabet i woulf put u , and i together .
he seems like a wise dude .
why dont you go a bit slower .
let this child be a child .
start by just talking say you know ?
i think it means she does n't like kids who spell it luv .
depends on what type of violence .
they are quiet because they like the girl
you are not over the relationship with this guy .
just have to show that u want it .
no las vegas style weddings , either .
! ur loser if dont do something positive k ?
but , i learn and i have fun .
i 'll call you when i wake up , i promise .
i still think u ' l get a better reaction in person !
stranger of the night i 'll always love u
see how things go after that .
to me it sends the wrong signal .
have you ever known a guy who did n't cheat ?
love ... ... is friendship that has caught on fire .
i love her and i want all whit my girlfriend , my life .
if the answers are no to all the question then i run !
you need to get a new man .
i want to bless ( i.e. , cause good ) my kids .
never ask any questions - always tell or do
i think from 19-25 by then you are fully mature .
she wont be much else to you..
no but i went to school there .
well..why is she mad at you ?
i broke up with my boyfriend so i am single ! !
even if she came back would you honestly be able to trust her ?
girls always wait for the guys to call.bc they dont want to seem clingy .
maybe i just liked my bf to much .
i always had a blast just playing games and laughing .
but i am over girls ! !
does he touch u alot make comments toward how u look ...
i really think it depends on you two..
ive found someone but it took alot of patience and time .
there might be some but where they are i do not know .
and y shud u break up if he really likes u ? ? ?
friends and husband who clain to love you wouldnt do that !
the previous night she asked about moving in with me .
be the bigger woman in this .
just continue to be her friend tell her later that you care about her .
( he did n't do that , did he ? )
and the rejection hotline is always good too lol
ii think the age is 16
ok let me answer u straight to the point !
ask to borrow his credit cards .
you can say if there was no trust , these would not have existed .
hope you are the one with tons of experience .
what makes you so worried that he would cheat ?
just consider if you think that it 's worth it .
start having fun with them and making friends .
def not a sign of appreciation.is that why u do ?
see if homeschooling works for him .
obviously you need him to love you !
not that we ever finish the movie anyway .
if you applyed as much thought to that you would probly make all a 's
if hes not cooroperting try social services .
well you know what they say right treat them rough u get the muff
was any wrote up when you got married ?
are you really really sure you want him back ?
it depends on your mom ... are you close to her ?
date a leftover , lose a friend .
but all in all , it can be a great start to great things !
these are not people who care about you or your child .
if i had to pick one though it would be ... loveless sex .
guys are like a rubber band .
i guess that makes them horney !
be a man and just ask .
what your just dieing to do right now mmmmmm and as that fire ! !
start by telling him that you guys wont be home .
this might not work if hes determined to do drugs .
i would marry him because he is so good looking .
probably hates you , but in some cases they like you
if they flip you off take it as a no , and go away
do not be the only guy .
( she so needs to know this ! )
its cheap and it wont mean anything to her .
if you have to ask , you are n't .
do you two have many problems ?
someone to love , and love them back .
u dont program urself to certain levels it just happens !
what does he say when you ask him about it ?
you would be very busy and taken care of ! ! !
and if you dont see that then i suggest you find a new mirror .
if that doesnt disturb your daily routine or schedule , its no way bad .
if only it were that easy .
heres an easy one ask him ! !
leave your husband , and dump your friend , thats sad
i do n't about dumbest but definitely the worst .
yup ... go search your name..i found there to be several pages ... : )
before they pulled the plug 2 months ago
that or be sick for the day .
but once they start they cant stop .
i 'm sure you 'll be fine : )
tell him you love surprises so much you can have'em everday ! !
i do n't remember who it was from ? ? ?
buy a green hat chicks dig green hats
if he does n't like her , why is he with her ?
i ca n't say this stuff again b/c i enjoy spending time w/her .
just give it all you 've got .
some guys find there same gender attractive o.o
just because your partner didnt feel like telling you ?
it 's strictly for fun and i expect no serious involvement .
ugh , that 's tough to hear guys say that .
if they are crazy crazy do n't go .
well , i guess you could try to find a skank and just f**k .
tell me what you make of this
well most guys i know do n't really have any feelings .
u should probably just show up .
do him a favor not sex if u dont want but just get him happy
shure i dont see why not .
guys are broutht up to think if you feel your not a man .
that way you will surely get over it .
the right age will be if any girl asks you for that ...
they want control and the only way they can get it is through u .
look at you waiting for him !
there are many many gods ( supposedly ) .
it might work , but probably not if you get married .
the right age will be if any girl asks you for that ...
they want control and the only way they can get it is through u .
look at you waiting for him !
there are many many gods ( supposedly ) .
it might work , but probably not if you get married .
either you are gay or you 're not .
however , that guy you were with is a real jerk !
girl u should go and see a doctor ...
now-a-day 's it 's mostly looks that we want .
i am very happy person-whats that tell ya .
you can be sexy - try it !
yes i do it/cz then i enjoy more
i for one do not do that ! !
girls like to flirt , though , i 'll give you that .
but trust me , dont ever go back to him .
like many have said talk w/ your girl .
show her you realize you were a bonehead idiot .
i dont think you really ever know .
i am now 8 mos pregnant .
let me guess your either in high school or junior high .
try adamandeve.com they have rubber coated vibrating ones .
! ... there are good men..we just have to weed them out ...
you do n't need a girlfriend to be happy ... ..
you dont need gods love , learn to love yourself and all else will follow
in the morning ... right after you wake up .
them giving in can just make things worse .
alot of people love the internet yes even me its not so bad
neither really ... . say byebye and im keeping the pets ... .
that is wat my best bud did at a chris ledoux concert
but mabey im wrong has he told any one you were together ?
i found a couple here ... i hope this helps .
only if you like beautiful beaches and nice weather .
it will be your last kiss .
just thought of the song when this question came up .
: ) that 's a good one though .
dont be a assaholic and say stuff like ha your stupid
just keep thinking about how nasty the other girls mouth is .
i have a boyfriend sence 3yrs ago .
hey i know you will find someone but you have to love yourself first .
maybe you do n't get out enough .
find a way to join in a thing where she goes .
because they used to masturbate in young-age
if there 's grass on the field , play ball ! !
she will think you hung the moon !
but do you really want a cheater back ? ?
it even has the part in the book that talks about your issue .
do n't act like a slug ... get active ... get into it !
knight rider does n't look so bad now does it .
but a lot of guys do n't see it that way .
its not in the penis ... its if you know how to use it !
try it chat or somewhere else .
i was just wondering because a lot of my friends do that..
do n't just say it to say it .
just ask her how to please her .
and believe me , you would love it !
you did not mention what is your relationship with her .
i guess by spelling horny properly ?
yes she can get pregnant cause it 's not very safe .
i am so sorry about this question ! !
wow , i feel sorry for you !
so do n't worry about embarassing your self .
you couldnt see that from where your at though .
crawl up a chickens a** and wait
so when i am wih girls i dont care .
if you are afraid of him yelling april fool !
but when it comes to cheating ... never .
just look for the gay men .
talk to her , see wat she likes , wat shes into .
i mean , where they with their bfs or were they single ?
or , actually is it weird nowadays to think about sex all the time ?
( i would 've cheated on you anyway )
i know it seems too casual -- but the relationship is so new !
dont get something for the girl .
if he wants to stay with her , let him !
do n't go to bars or clubs .
listen to the blink 182 song stay together for the kids .
the best decision i ever came up with was to let him be .
you can writte in spanish too
that depends : my first time around what ?
i try to get her to relize that im not interested .
teenagers can have sex from the age of 18
( sorry for my english , i can speak very well )
u think a girlfriend can make you happy ?
wait until you are at least 22 !
ex girlfriend says i love u to my boyfriend
you have not lost anything in the ex or the friend/fam member .
think of which one u would wan na be with forever .
and a lot of men have become use to getting over on women .
he may be just playing a game .
ur gon na loose ur friend , maybe a tooth or two
from your mother or father= anytime .
others u could tell cuz they act different !
stay with the one you love and have sex with the other one
i feel really guilty about it .
i do n't think it matters if you act like it .
well how do you know her ?
is your girl an ax murderer ?
well if you love him and are over 16/17 then yes ...
put favorite tunes on the radio or play favorite cd 's .
i would not tell even with the gurantee - you or him !
what if we want to be left alone ?
home plate if you 're talking about baseball .
if sterling & real love then commune
'why is this grown man hanging around children ? '
oh and one more thing once and drug addict always and addict .
u have 2 choose good luck
puhlease ... borrow sugar once but after that she 's on to you .
you should be friends with yourself first .
i really like him but dont know how he feels .
if you ca n't get enough ... you love her .
you are just saying merry christmas .
i can definitely tell you he 'll call the next day .
he wo n't admit he cheated because he still cares .
if you hit it off woth someone right away great !
chances are they 've done all the things that your doing now .
not if you do n't know what to do with it .
wait until you have a wedding ring on your finger !
change you adress and leave him alone .
talk about what you both like and be her friend .
there are lots of nice guys out there .
if you were so pissed then why did n't you say anything ?
either she does or she does n't .
maybe they are n't getting what they want
lingerie just comes off quickley anyway !
just do what ur deepest soul says.good luck
but i guess it really depends on the person .
how can i get over this asap ?
it doesnt work and will only end up hurting you !
im just wondering if thats normal ?
i feel like a total fool .
might as well just get her a ring !
not all men are so sex crazy .
get dolled up and watch that suckers tongue hang out .
alot of people dont like sex .
ill ask my mom when she comes home if i can see you .
okay ... you just have to know that not everyones out to get you .
so here 's your holiday hope you enjoy it this time .
be as ur nature is , smile and speak by ur eyes
second , that depends on what type of person your mom is .
damn , i thought i was the only one ...
the wat to tell if you feel like they are hidding somting .
well ... you can always try a dating site .
you either trust her or you do n't .
over the age of 18 and when you get married !
i used to hang all over my girl friend .
my bf told me beat him up
face it girlfriend ... men only do this when they are dating us .
my husband had been cheating on me since we had a baby .
sure we have all thought of it .
and this is just brutal honest .
patience my friend is the secret..
dont just stay home doing nothing cuz then you 'll really be depressed .
i have n't had that problem that god ! !
women can get laid anytime , jut hit a local biker bar ! !
and i do n't swear like you !
it depends on what of your 's you showed me
if i am mad i will not put out or have sex .
like , when he calls , say , i am so busy !
she wanted 'our ' day to be 'our ' day .
tell him you wont tolerate his lies ... ... .
depends on how long you have been with her but i think be love
do n't know do you come on strong ?
r e s p e c t just like the song says
sometimes it can scare the guy off , if he is committment phobic ...
then if you dont you 'll live a miserable life !
then you find yourself in a real quandary !
is when u think about dat person more than u do urself
why not a proposal to go then too ?
guys want to have sex much more than girls .
you got three options 1 ) tell him you need to see him more !
but if u do answer below : d thanks !
in fact ; alot of men cheat on women but not all of them .
guys always leave certain tales when they are cheating .
would you honestly not care seeing another girl with your man ?
how comfortable am i with this guy ?
trust me , i was 20 and i screwed crap up .
no - men are useless at remembering dates .
something you do or do n't do , he does n't like .
women like that make lots of other women look bad .
god hates divorce hang in there ... .
embaress ur self in front of a whole bunch of ppl ! ! !
if they go first ... ..it 's pretty much over .
games- it 's fun or easier , and they like wining .
if you get one easily is she really worth it ?
obviously this guys wife is not .
of course i would be mad .
ever thought about what 'll happen after boot camp ?
you ca n't force people to like you if they just do n't .
a person has to want to change !
talks about himself ... about how he needs to improve his looks ... etc ...
but if he doesnt know how to use it then it better be big .
i do n't know but if you find out please let me know lol
i 'll do everything i can to see you tomorrow .
i left and it was the best move i ever made , while pregnant .
if he says yes then ask him why he does it to you ! ?
marry the one with the big b**bs .
i like the name sia and manav
1.money 2.husband 3.and a child and finally bla bla
so give him a pair of glasses then he will see the big picture .
if hes for real he 'll ask u to marry him = )
if it 's true you love him , then love him !
just turning up after 9 years without contact may freak her out .
i just saw your avatar.. now ... here 's mine ! !
looks , personality , inteligence , sense of humor
asian woman are known for that huh ?
tell him that you love him
if your doing it right youll know
it 's probably just boys being boys .
if you got anymore questions hit me up at eidal3 @ yahoo.com
look first try getting your self-esteem up do things you would never do .
some people you ca n't tell cuz they can hide it very good !
there are different kinds of love mum - > son love .
you are not still a slut ... .you 're an ex-slut .
dont worry about gettign over , worry about getting on with things .
sorry girls it is n't our fault !
hope this has been helpful ; )
that is the best thing you have to do ! !
leaving the place , or better , the country !
he will not look at you in the eyes .
chloroform and zipties.. late night mall parking garages..
if he 's not interested he 's not .
i dunno ... tap his leg twice , or something .
after you have define what psycho really means for you .
most of all , do n't loose yourself in the hate and anger .
look him in the eye and ask him that .
necklace or a braclet but not a ring .
about your lovers , which you cant with your lover .
of course it is good for you !
my husband is wants me to try new things in bed .
do what is best for you .
some ppl do that to get attention by getting mad .
i depend on him for everything and couldnt financially make it with out him .
because they dont have girls to fuck .
i dont see anything weird here .
do what your gut tells you .
break up with your boyfriend and go out with the other guy .
if they are virgin its better .
having their dad around , ignoring you ?
if you want her to like you .
they have been friends for 3 years and are both christions .
i was an insecure little kid back then .
she married me and now i hardly touch her at all .
ur child may not be gay ... he may just be going through a faze
i think u should rephase that .
( if worse comes to worse , use anything but cologne )
i 've got slightly above average looks , and am pretty smart and cool
there was a girl that i was talking to in august .
do what you got ta do to keep what you have !
great stuff and no you 're not alone !
stop being a bitch and asking us on the net go find her .
in love we do it to express how much we love .
they will say : i will never do this again .
most guys will be totally flattered that they are being asked .
ciao bella , you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa .
ciao bella , you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa .
they 're just as special as american brunettes
or else u will chase al ur loved 1 's away wiv ur behaviour .
no phone call , so i take things into my own hands .
just talk 2 her she 'll understand
i have been married for 6 years and have 2 kids .
unexpectable persons mostly are amazing and unique
samart and pretty but naughty does help
i would try a pawn shop
i know that i 'm in love though !
yeah it does , just like girls .
if you 're the type that says , are you ok ?
that will in turn make the girl happy and you win .
if you are married u can still be friends .
i am in love with * & $ % & ! ! !
what do u mean by that ?
anyway either way you will know .
girl , kick him out the door .
problems cant be solve if dont have the gots ! !
if she does it everytime you have love , she 's faking it .
like some nice jeans and a small , white t-shirt .
people cheat because they need approval that they are wanted and needed ! ! !
what to wear so just what sort of clothes turn girls on ?
what do i do and how do i tell him ?
they should be white - with a subtle opalesence that catches in the sun .
last year my brother stole me a winter coat .
maybe you should ask her that way .
i do n't want to see you anymore . )
- she just may feel the same way !
u definetly should n't have done that hoodie thing .
verbal abuse is just as bad .
then , listen and follw her advice ! !
he just does little suttle things he never did
i have tried to get over it .
you already know the answer do n't you ?
ill say yes or no when he ask me.if you asked me ill say yes
has not done anything ... anything means anything ... so can you be gay ?
dirt scums looks more macho and are carefree ...
just tell her how you feel and if it dont work out move on
when he 's away , you wonder if he 's cheating .
she could have a lot of stds
you just climb on board and holler , yeehaw !
in the end your gut is usually right .
anyway , good luck and merry christmas !
is it what they buy you ?
if you do n't beleive me take a chance .
because they do not love the person that they are cheating on .
because there are other easy women out there
some of the guys i know are mean .
women do n't deserve men who treat us like trash .
yes there are girls that are not worth dating .
call him and say it 's over .
get a haircut or new clothes .
how else would you not be able to figure it out ? !
and religion does n't mean anything in this case .
when u just say it and dont wait for a best time to come
the answer is b'cuz you feel good having that person with you .
no matter what anybody says gays are wrong .
and then she will be like umm ...
what in the hell are you doing with a married man ? ? ?
if she moves in a little , than kiss her .
i say get an education and then worry about that !
no there 's nothing wrong with you !
if they are in love with you , great .
but this i know is just the want for sex and nothing else .
or sexual intercourse if you 're an adolescent .
being hurt is hard , but you need to move on .
its too bad women are not more easily aroused .
you should n't be with them because you deserve better .
plus they get the best of both worlds by not admitting to it !
i see you on here alot .
u r looking in the wrong place .
it will make the kid happy , and you double win .
at least not in the wrong anyways
love is not the question in love is the question .
trade her a pack of twinkies if she breaks up wiht you
o and hes a sensitive guy
but think of what the future holds .
so you asked , what is god 's name ?
player to ex- player true game is just what it sounds like .
if you like her , then tell her .
and then think of something they both can enjoy .
just go ahead and follow your heart .
if u want a peace full life dont behind money .
i think if i did that so the gift will not be a gift
infatuation ... ... says , we must get married right away .
just remember it is women they are cheating with !
that means not calling him just a friend or someone you know !
has your sex life diminished any ?
dude -- only you can answer that question ! !
thanks everyone for ur reply ! !
and also someone to do the heavy work ( ha ! ha !
no you are not fat and yes you can get good looking man
and who knows love better than books eh ? ?
what do you smell like ?
just between you and her , if u can do that .
i mean the girlfriend not the crush .
men think it is easy to make someone happy that is already happy .
bots just anoy us while we are chatting
if i was a girl i 'd be gay .
would n't it depend on number of people invited ?
once and ex leave them an ex .
the man takes this as why did n't you call ?
girls have no clue what love is .
if your desperate than make the move !
and not trying to impress her ... ... ... .2 much !
i do n't think he 'll do it voluntarily .
but i love him to death .
let them see you at your best .
u better treat him 2 date ...
the average penis size is 5.5 inches hard
that way you can get used to it .
depending on how u look at it and mean .
hmmm ... vin diesel b/c he 's a hottie .
unfortunately , all of em cheat so not good guys .
they have n't been togeather for very long ! !
i knew her , and he always said they were just friends .
he/she might be the one you are in love with : d !
i do n't think you wan na be tina again .
you like someone because of and you love them in spite of .
because guys are just interested in looks .
and never let a man do that to you again .
sounds to me , you went after a high maintence girl .
2 types of love : love 'the verb ' & love 'the feeling ' .
right i just said it to you .
because being mean for them is to find themselves and being happy
then all you have to say is i l-o-v-e y-o-u
yes , but why would she want to ?
they had a bad first-experience c. they think guys are only after sex .
*wink* ) good luck ... ... i 'll be rooting for ya !
` coz she was a virgin before you
sometimes they do n't see it looking at them .
do n't worry , she will forget him when she will get 18
little shy girl , i see you have posted a lot of questions .
does he not want to see me ?
he may go to jail too .
or ask yourself : am i ready for a kid ?
i wouldnt cheat on u if u were nice
i 'm sure that any girl would be happy to hear it : )
i honestly believe that most people are bent on what other folks are doing .
how can u identify true love ?
because maybe you can try me 4 size .
maybe you 're just not this person 's type ... .
yes you should because that very bad to forget someone birthday or christmas too you
i am gon na wish people happy 2006 !
no my wife wnt give oral sex i know how you feel call back
may i take you out to dinner ?
so why dont u fight for it !
i do n't know why but i just ca n't help it .
and it 's toolate to turn back .
just make sure the person your havin sex with does n't have an std
so b cool n u r going to b allright !
i found the profile under there .
listen dont look for love because if its right it will find you ! !
well if you really like him you could give him a little more time .
do women do this to men ?
is it really fair to love one more than the other ?
please help me i dont know what to do ! !
you have to think of everything..
i dont think the money was everything in your situation .
just want to know 'bout general thinking
heres what the recording will say .
and everytime i tell him its over , he wont leave me alone
she is living with him now in adultery .
not about how nice a guy is .
no its not if you realy care about someone ! !
be original.do n't copy someone else 's idea .
its hard to tell with men am i right ?
probably 20 percent of married people .
when you are willing to risk something to be with that someone
if you are just having a tough time ...
the movie line , do n't say anything
no , i would n't pack up and leave .
guys prefer girls that know when to be naughty and when to be nice .
but that does not mean that career and money are not important .
because good girls are gullible and bad girls want it too ... .hehe
but i 'll never go back , never .
or maybe , men are afraid to hurt girl 's feelings about it .
learn ... grow ... enjoy your baby , i doubt they will .
the money does n't matter , the love does .
by how you precieve how he treates you
and at night ... kiss her like none other !
us guy need to think with are big head not with are lil head .
go to aol.com and find chat then find that room .
either ignor him or tell him off
it will make her mad as hell
get rid of both of them .
but good luck , and happy gaming .
yes some day the perfect match will come along
if he did it to you ... you know the rest .
some people dont even have the money to buy things .
maybe one day ask her to the movies or something .
ignore the exs , go for the new girl and be open with her
would you ****willingly**** spend your life with her until you die ?
you wont believe this anyway ..but age 52
i 've liked this girl since i was 19 y/o .
look around her room or apartment to see the kind of things she likes .
is there any girl from punjab.i want to make her my good friend
if not , try to give him little hints .
i hope it all works out .
names , does the child have his father 's last name or yours ?
be open and honest about it and dont be surprised if ppl laugh .
i 'm tired of all those ghetto @ ss guys trying to be pimps .
but do n't be a wuss either !
wait until you have been dating at least 1 year ! !
u must choose one of them regardless all the difficulties
except , you could start flirting with her .
if you get started today ... you might have something in hand by xmas .
not tonight honey i have a headache
see if she wants to have a go at it .
why do n't you ask him to invite one of his boy friend ?
thats the easiest thing to do ! !
if you think he is not , then dump him !
its 6:34 on new years eve and im all alone .
imo you dont love your boyfriend .
j/sayin this happened to me last week .
cause they are pretty and sexy , soemthing between the ears would be helpful .
if she is not screaming it , try asking .
what 's mom trying to tell you ?
might have something to do with thier childhood .
i do n't think u 'll find easly ... . girls always think themslves rare
or try to find my true love ?
for some reason we always want what u ca n't have .
u have to choose between the two as to whome u love the most .
do n't let egos to come in .
or were you pisst because you did n't go ?
i 'm 15 , too but i do n't worry about it at all .
if you think hes attracted to you then go for it !
do yourself a huge favor and get the heck out of there !
go and tell her , that u miss her
or is it just a physical attraction ?
once a cheater , always a cheater .
lol dont know what type of girl u are ... .i hope i helped
i love chicks who dig vidio games
just say srry and go off with some other ppl .
ditch him you can do better
well u never will intell u stand up and talk to them
i had the most fun day ever !
oh yes , just do n't subtitute , use the real ones .
i probably first told mine when i was a little kid ...
hi , your name here ... .. then she will respond .
two : why did you get divorced anyways ?
( rarely works , if it does be careful ) where else ...
why not just get a man ?
dont trust ... **** her forget her
i dont know what it is , but im dead serious .
three : track him down with a pi , like inspector claseau .
would you be alright if you tried it and ended up hating eachother ?
! just go directly to what ur weaknesses and redirect it ! ! !
commitment , sense of humor , love and some money too wo n't hurt
no sista , i don tink so .
i do n't want to eat here .
a feeling that can never be explained
do you always look your best ?
we split up because he had to move .
true love stories do n't have endings !
love is when you like someone alot .
if it had n't been her , it would have just been someone else .
i always start my love letters with , hello beautiful , or hello sexy
if she 's mad 4 a dumb reason .
age aint notin but a numba .
! anyway just always remember we are all humans ! !
if you truly like this guy then be his friend .
if you really like the girl.. you know what makes her happy .
where you always not so interested in sex ?
3rd , keep your legs shut until at least the 3rd date .
we say that we love you sometimes just b/c you say it first .
and then i would think about 35 more years ... .
just watch football and take your laptop with you !
wow ... .have u talked to her since ?
it 's fun doing it and watching it to
maybe even a guy who isnt in juvinile .
how do you know love is in you ? ?
if you have gay intensions then try it - see if you like it .
well well well what are you doing there ?
goofy you can relax with and mysterious guys are just too much work .
there was a man in my life .
if he did something bad then no if he didnt then yes
if you work with them think about getting a new job .
get her plastic earrings from clair 's .
you have to remember that what you children see ... they become !
ask him , if you did it would it make him uneasy !
please send any help info that is available .
no wonder your avatar looks so sad .
i was just curious cause i wan na try with my boyfriend .
have you ever heard of the saying that there is someone for everybody ?
looks dont really matter to girl.be funny .
do not attempt to do this with someone you know .
dude its like asking what can i do to grow .
but he didnt tell me that he was moving his cosin did .
the body language ... she will laugh at everything .
only if he makes less money than you do .
now i am working retail and i like what i do .
no if you hear that they are wrong or lying .
have you tried stalking , that tends to work .
if he hit you once , he might do it again .
you do n't really have to ask her out persay .
so here 's your holiday hope you enjoy it this time .
6 to 6 and a half inches .
both have the same level of perseption ! !
you should n't ask out a 14 year old , that 's too young !
then you can look for weighted or heaver duty ones .
im so tired of him ... it ; s not even funny .
there are men who are not like that .
if you want romance , give it .
and please dont let yourself develop a hard or bitter heart !
yes , even if he 's in jail .
not very hard , if you 're hott
if you do n't really care about her , then go for the career .
uhh , if you 're a man it sure does .
i do n't want my son to know because he is only 8 .
) if he refuses/ he 's not with you anyway .
not only your body matures with age , also your mind and character .
: ) much love to you in this hard time .
cuddle , kiss , makeout , and then help him get some relief .
when you do n't have to ask anybody if you are or not .
it applies to guys and gals both .
how to approch them and ask them ?
damn , i want that for christmas !
just think about all the bad , that can go with the good : )
you just have to learn to trust people .
ipod with her favourite nos 2 .
part of it says : kids ca n't cause divorce !
romance is the ultimate key ... rose petals ... music .
work it out or move on and quit playing with your heart !
yes sweetie if u r still comfortable with him u shud ! !
bring her flowers ... flowers are good.. remember that ! ! !
as i said before - greed
yup that should about cover it .
wait until your late 20 's early 30 's .
i would cut ties with so-called fam member/friend .
hi sweety , i used to be bio .
if you really care about your friend , find someone else .
if your girlfriend too aproches him then you should seprate from them ...
any more questions e-mail me at allarcon88 @ yahoo.com
that depends on who i 'm with .
youve lost that loving feeling ... . affair
im 19 and married to the father of my 2 yr old child .
ok.. there is this girl that is absesed of me .
; ) but do talk more when you 're around with crowds .
any ideas as to what i should do and what i could get her ?
no u want to stay friends w/ this person right ?
just a thought ... things that make you go hmmmm
so they like us naughty and nice for sure .
( this is when she wants casual relationship with him . )
and you need this 3 things mature enough to enjoy sex .
they both have very good points ... and do not have sex before marriage !
i take it that you are a christian .
you wo n't believe how many girls hate sex because either a .
it is not just men , women are like that too .
likewise , do n't get him anything similar .
try to sneak around and get an idea of what she likes first !
well , lucky you if you only met such guys .
ask what turns a guy off instead .
after u see that there all gay shoot them
i 'm still looking for an answer
my fiance and i are going to have two weddings .
just hang out with him , and act like you like him .
i never hung around gay people being raised .
keep your lips relaxed , at first you dont even have to use tongue .
the last one i was in i married the guy .
you find the right guy someday .
i dunno , even if she like you , and then she 'll prob .
because they think in the same way like us .
let me tell you that really does hurt
just waiting for him to make up his mind
yours was not one of them .
because we can beat off to them when we cant hump a hore
no , i dont think your wrong .
and the next day say srry again .
but never stoop to his level by trying to get revenge !
i actually had the same problem with another chick .
good sex is ... . not all sex is good .
she is ready to be kissed .
hang in there do n't give up man ... ..
not in love but in like
thanks for playing i hope i got this rite ( jk ! )
do n't believe anyone who says there is !
i can not imagine life without kids .
if the juices are still flowing then great !
leave your husband and find a new best friend
if a guy becomes involved with a girl , does he have to cheat ?
give me an instance ... .yes i am single go figure .
what did your best friend do ?
please , write what you think ok ?
girls like jewelery , flowers and expensive things
i thought he was a great guy - perfect man .
to much sifting through the sand and ur gon na find a broken glass .
my world is brighter because you walk in it ...
wow that was hard , mentally retarded or just fantasizing about him too much ?
jennifer lopez is the right one 4 me ... ... ... ; )
have you tried beer and pizza ? ?
it kinda blew up in my face .
just checking this out , because i was curiuos when i found it.= )
not all girls care about money .
both girl and boy are living happily ever after ! !
get it tattooed on your chest .
he 's hot and funny and hot and sort of smart
best shape n models to d eyes of anyone does n't gaurantee d best !
make her a basket of personal favorites
i do n't want him to go else where .
bring her around ur mom more .
yeah u can its weird but then again the way love works is strange itself
if so then just show up and see what happens .
i am 23 and i have 2 kids with my husband .
yes , men do need attention , but women need it too !
you said it beautifully already , now just say it to her .
they care about no one except their self .
yes , but they can never get divorsed so , but you can
we will probably get married one day and have talked about it recently .
think about it i mean seriously what do u think it feels good
but remember , pretty n sexy gals also like handsome n macho man !
his answer is good enough for me ...
yea the r and t are right next to each other on the keyboard lol
they 're probably little kids who think it 's funny .
not all some of people in this genaration ...
and girls do go for a good aftershave - that means the expensive stuff !
some pretty n sexy gals n handsome hunks stinks !
im afraid i will look stupid ! !
dress up nasty and do unsual sexual things ; )
sure , head off to the alter !
umm i wouldnt get jewlery for a female friend .
by the he looks at u
then , flirt him back to you ! ! !
sex is not that big of a deal .
being a full time mom is a job !
focus on finding a mate , not getting a girl .
who big of a babe are you ?
we want a fairytale at least i do .
maybe you really do n't want a girl friend .
they would never do anything to hurt me eather
usually those do n't last too long , but they 're probably the easiest .
usually if she 's talking to you she likes you
someone who i can be totally myself , good and bad .
of course not , go ahead and goodluck
so that 's what she might be doing .
do n't expect him to pull this off , it 's up to you .
first , it really sucks that you are homeless ! !
look at what she wears and get her something similar !
he had been sick but now it is crazy .
if so that might be his way of asking if you didnt deni it .
if you know like i do , you need to wait .
but if he or she is they are not worth it !
what should we do when we se a sexy girl ?
hope it helps most excellent one ; ) gary
once a snake , always a snake .
anyway , i can ’ t think of more right now but good luck .
you do n't want to hear *anything* about her ex-boyfriends or stuff like that .
but most of them are the rude kinds , make fun of you etc .
after you said yes , no you are not wrong .
you ca n't unless you are the one that filed it/
and if he or she did n't tell you , well .
she is too young - he is a grown man .
got any hints from her or ideas ? ... use those .
does he take a shower the second that he gets home ?
maybe thats why u dont want to have a gf .
i dont have any money to spend on this .
thats when things went down hill .
get out of your mothers basement .
the bigger the man , the bigger the ego which is a turn off .
i 've never heard it before ... .but i like it !
and dont go with sexy in your name .
sometimes people cheat because they find no other way out !
no i didnt love my husband and left-kids are fine
ask her best friend for ideas vince c , orlando , fl
just become rich they will like you then
depends if you want to or not
i failed to answer this question.peace out !
because there not a real man .
just dont try to make yourself grow up to fast .
but i perfer not to talk about that with the person im with .
i know this one , honestly , i do .
i think they have too much time on their hands .
well , if he just forgot , that is not a good excuse .
i dont have the haurt to tell her to go away .
she wan na talk about it , but she cant .
or you want something really bad because you cant get it ! !
have you ever heard the saying , boys will be boys ?
if you love her , tell her .
i have twins and i get sooo many matching outfits .
are you sure he 's working out at the gym ?
if not , and you still want her back , do n't file either .
if you like her , start flirting with her .
making out with guys is really gross .
if not , you should not worry ...
why dont you just ask him ?
your perfect obidience in every way .
some women tell lies ... some men tell lies .
you two only see each other for the time .
if the boy tries to keep it secret , its still gon na get around
but i never let my family know .
tongue her til she gets off .
go and have a good time dont worry about them .
keep looking for that person who will love you , and isnt taken !
if you do , i guess you do ( 5 years ! ! ! !
tell him to mature and start reading up on pregnancy .
are men or women more persuadeable to cheat ?
if she doesnt notice you im here ! ! !
when is it a good time to give out your phone # ?
i hope this helps a bit .
what does your gut instincts say ? ?
oh and i m very open minded i have dated women before .
aww i love what ineedlotsofhelp118 said !
they do n't want to be pregnant
nope ... but i think it would be hilarious if it happened lol
i guess when he starts to like men
why are some guys more horny than others ? ? ? ? ?
becasue women already have all the answers
even if its just a sentence .
i do n't feel right around them .
god , then mom , maybe ur grrr if ' n ur lucky .
money is good but i do n't go on looks .
by her doing that says a ton of stuff about her .
gone so young by amber pacific is amazing
did u say a joke then she thinks u are funny .
i m not a virgin.. but i dont regret it .
simple is boring , complicated is not ...
i like craigslist and ok cupid .
what do u think i should tell them ?
she jumped him but he got up .
once a guy said , nice to see you .
and i want to call him again but would it bother him ?
he only said hey to me once .
why is n't he moving in with you that is the real question here !
im also very loyal to my girlfriend .
no flower , no candies nothing like that .
do not beleve if they say love is a feeling !
if not , your just wasting your time .
because the grass is alwys greener on the other side .
help , i do n't know what to do !
or try to laugh it off .
well there is actually alot of different points to this question .
i 've actually met four people i chatted with in online dating sites .
no he is not a cheater.. the rings not on the finger yet .
so we secretly ganged up on him !
any tips to at least hide it ?
do you really think he is a bad guy ?
wait , i forgot a good nap is up there , too !
ask her what she likes and doesnt like .
so i thought i 'd ask you .
however he shouldnt be leading you on with pillow talk .
if it is , nobody never cheats .
if she says no forget her
i personaly go for the guys with blue eyes and blond hair .
and what if things do not work out ?
coz i had it with a person ... who is my best friend
gifts dont always mean he love you .
i honestly do n't agree with most people here .
was there someone that cheated on you , that made you upset at girls ?
i never get enough kisses and hugs .
people ask me that for my last question
i 've always been the type of person who falls for my best friend .
but if he does it to you again .
it 's just not worth the safety risk .
you do n't know you have to trust him
pls help me out here truthfully .
my boyfriend just proposed on christmas and i dont know where to start .
ask , but never hide your feelings .
if u like mt advice e-mail me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
they are out there , we just have to start acting like one .
surf p o r n online , or mas tur bate .
if you just told her a funny joke then it is a good thing .
money is good if your thinking about the future or just a suga daddy .
suggest that you date others for awhile .
i met my fiancee on the internet ! ! !
not all girls are like that .
! even if i start to do dating by net ! ! !
i agree , start seeing other women .
they do n't give up the sex answ3r3r
that is what women like , real guys , not fake guys
or ask him if he still likes you .
make sure its okay wit your cousin first .
i will make a bloody love story for our p.e .
first of all , do n't just bust out with i love you !
life is to short for the what if 's
cuddling with my husband and reading a good book !
well that you will find out more later ...
if he says he loves you but is not in love with you .
good luck and try to do better next time , god loves you !
tell them the same thing i do .
there , i said what you want to say to her !
i got to go now and take a time out
cuz this one girl is confusing me
if u do search for it u may ot with a false one .
men nvr understand girls ... ... .its ok we nvr will
you know it is like a marriage .
ask her for the dvd version , vhs tape will not last !
cuz this one girl is confusing me
if u do search for it u may ot with a false one .
men nvr understand girls ... ... .its ok we nvr will
you know it is like a marriage .
ask her for the dvd version , vhs tape will not last !
show confidence and treat her well !
i make great friends on here .
what should i do to flirt with her ?
god blessed me with that special someone , i 'm 31 yrs .
luckily i have n't had to start a fight .
i clapped my hands and my face shows it too !
beautiful face with some extra baggage .
because guys are turn on by sight .
you just have to do the research and ask around to a couple places .
its a nice question when u look at it .
basically ... dont dwell on the past
then again-who says a girl could n't have both : )
maybe that is the motivation he needs .
and the other guy goes to the college in the next town over .
people read everything they just do n't always answer .
a peice of shit that hangs from your ass hairs .
lemmi know .. as soon as u find 1 !
they like a guy who listens .
women have it so tough these days .
well.. just sit back and think ... who would you give the world for ?
do n't look for a problem that is n't there .
not until both of yall start going out will he like just you .
definately a liar.. and possibly a cheater.. my ex boyfriend did the exact same thing
uhmmmm how about looking for a job .
take it from me its not worth it
he 's keeping his options open incase you guys do n't work out
oh , i would n't be happy with that at all .
forget her and them then u 'll find them follow u ... believe me
take it from me its not worth it
he 's keeping his options open incase you guys do n't work out
oh , i would n't be happy with that at all .
forget her and them then u 'll find them follow u ... believe me
if you are thinking about sexual things about that person , then it is .
they are only uncomfortable if you wear em on your head ... ..
you just have to be willing to take that risk .
apparently , this guy has issues ... with himself .
its not gon na be a quick fix and it takes time .
that 's what i heard once , & thought it was cute ...
my ex-boyfriend 's sister and i used to be really close .
and what would that do to your self confidence if it didnt ?
have fun untill the ride stops , then get off and get another .
my husband made me a pair of half caret diamond studs !
how should i become a ladies ' man ?
but what if it does n't work out ?
but one time i asked a girl for a date , and she accepted !
when you do n't talk do u miss him ?
o.k. , those are my quirky turnoffs !
no we actually do listen but you guys can give such silly answers ?
he cried , but was n't really hurt ...
mn_sassygal you can lie to me any time whooooa what a dish
does this kind of love last for ever ?
maybe not now , or soon , but one day she will cheat .
: ) not so bad is it ?
u could always try just talking 2 him and see what happens
mabie he wants you to leave .
if you dont ask you will never know .
it 's just something you feel deep down
eats lunch with them 3 days a week .
stealth setting are like the ignore buttom ?
mostly his choice.i just ca n't seem to get him out of my mind .
when i realize that some one like you cares to ask me that .
most people do n't even get that .
take a left when you get to hell .
that way you know what you 're getting into .
because you 're thinking he 's not okay .
hey , that 's a cool necklace you have there !
i did n't like the french way , it felt too dirty .
nowadays women should take the hand of control all the wedding side
you ca n't ... that ship has sailed .
about four to five times a week .
never try to be bitchy , doing so wud only make matters worse .
i think that means that she only interested in in only boys .
never use a pick upline on somebody no matter how funny it sounds .
u should only have sex if you are married .
im is a good way if you do n't care too much about him
i would definitely go for true love !
yes ... and farted too ... but not during the same episode .
you just have to find us .
we 're all gay ... it 's all about what u prefer
if she just want to have casual sex with you , just enjoy it .
just say i love you 2 .
a walk in a park , feed some greese , something like that .
when was this golden age anyway ?
i think a kiss is harmless , so any age .
worst is , she will not answer her phone or e-mails to explain .
it will find u thts the only way
but i 'm oldschool and think thats appropriate-maybe i am a dinosaur .
lets vote and put it to rest
and do it before the other guy does !
because we are just attracted to the opposit sex.thats just how it goes.try it !
this may sound hard but best way is : to start dateing again .
maybe you just ai n't cool enough .
be confident dont think negative make ur mind positive .
dumped her sorry butt and found me a good woman .
because they get the male species hot !
maybe he had it on there and forgot about it ?
yeah they would , yes i image so if thats what they want
i woke up with him on top of me and his***** inserted in my cl*t
he 's a jerk - get rid of him
i found the person i was destined to be a little 2 late .
most gays wont admit that they are .
but the point is ... ... you need to tell him ! !
usally it means the cat/dog needs to go for the night before going to bed
if you are n't happy move on .
no please do not feel bad - instead feel good !
who goes to death by his own will ! ! ! !
if i were you i would question it and be worried ...
2. do n't ask do you love me if you ca n't reciprocate .
because what you are doing is wrong and it wou n't last well .
avoid it like the fiery pit of you know where !
they are n't you just got ta learn thier language .
oh , and i like a good cup of coffee and sunny days .
coz i am not a native speaker of english .
i do n't want any drama , i just want my dress back .
are there not enough problems with this world ?
hm , let me think about that ... .no !
do n't ask her if it 's ok. just do it .
hey my dear friend dont worry man .
my answer ... most men do n't ( from what i observed ) .
the same way a single mom does !
i think its hot when a girl is a virgin ... most guys do .
that 's tough , its an unusual setup .
and how sweet , and kind you can be !
old and we have been together going on 4 yrs .
there will be drunk nights where hooking up is all too easy .
put down the magazines and go out of your house .
did i just cheat on him ?
and she is wonderful.. now it 's a parttime job you do n't like ?
some guy just want to have fun , other guys want something more serious..etc .
how do i know so much ? ? ? ?
its hard to forget things that were between you .
if its pass then let it go .
no sweetie , this is not cheating .
just try to remember its their loss not yours .
just wondering cuz of the holiday season
if your happy but it 's other people that are not happy i.e .
not at all , you just want that special feeling you get from it .
most men could care less if they married or not .
? may be on the street !
you already know what you should do .
do you not wan na help him ?
see if she is your tipe
call her and tell that you love her
do u think he might not feel the same way ?
casablanca ( ca n't believe i 'm the 1st to tag this one )
because you 're dating the wrong people
i am sooooooooo lucky to have him : - )
however , do n't worry , there are still guys like me out here .
then get out quickly/cleanly , take the children !
some thing is lets get in bed
show her your sausage and if she smiles then she likes you
how old is ever1 on here
ya never know until you try it .
but dont forget she is your sis and no man is worth it .
outdoor wedding..lots of colorful flowers , jewel tone fabrics.no silk florals
it could be anything and he 's just to scared to tell you
entice him by showing him some skin ... ... .. a sure fire success .
after they 'll b relaxed , feeling great & ready to thank you ! !
it 's not as scary as it seems .
you better give her a dinner date .
breakups are hard but youll find the person that is love of your life .
problem is , i still love her .
you need to leave him right now , its only getting worse from here .
do n't let her bat her eyelashes and convince you its not .
what should i do now ?
it really depends if the guy really likes the girl or not .
not.it is not cheating you just start or trying to cheating
you should start your life a new .
omg so ask him to go study with you in libary !
a 10 dollar gift card for a thrift store.. lol
everytime i look into my girlfriend 's eyes , i can see the beach .
u dont have love without a lover !
is he sure he is ok with that ?
u just have to be ur self .
i do n't belive in the lifestyle !
i dont care about the diamonds or the cost of my wedding ring .
no it is not bad at all .
easy ... ask yourself if you would take a bullet for him .
but then i wan na be with my kids and husband .
alright , so you and she have the same taste in guys .
ppl read anything they can get to .
1 of my friends cheated on somebody and they hate her .
but falling for everyone is not right .
ok , if you ask nicely i will .
remember : men are from mars women are from venus
cus you guys are a handful .
do you want to get married ? ?
hell , you 've known him for five years !
the wilder the better , i do n't want someone who just lays there .
( interestingly none of them would dare date a black guy ! )
you go girl and stand up for yourself you herd me !
guys do n't care about telling them romantic things .
whatever jason says will lead to a war and will not be effective ...
barefoot on the beach with just family and a few close friends .
you need to do some investigating before you assume that she is cheating .
so should i give him an ultimatum ?
fool me once shame on you .
should i hang on and wait .
yes there is i have a best friend relationship
and if he says yea , kick him in the crotch .
anything less than that , forget it !
talking sexually or intimatly with anoyone other than your spouse is cheating .
evrybody does it ... try it , its great
i 'm yet to discover the same !
especially if you 're not the girlie type .
there are so many things think about first .
the female brain is far too complicated for that !
i know it sounds superficial , but wow ... .wear good shoes !
( psst , it 's the 6th string on the guitar )
so suck it up and ask him directly already .
instead wait for the true love to find u .
have a nice life.then find another.believe me there are plenty out there
and try to do things for little money to begin with .
if he 's your ex , do n't get him anything !
love is not about the size ... is about the all the rest toghether ...
never give up or stop trying , its too important
so you should really take time to think it over .
so that guy who u like is also a gay ?
if you have to ask that question , just walk away
she did n't want to quit doing it .
my boyfriend and i just do n't have much fun .
not having much fun just now , are you ? ? ?
u and the friend need to keep quiet
cuzzz they are women they have pussy and butt that why .
but sex is a bigger issue .
some girls jsut do n't know how to say no , same as guys .
well girls and boys do the same thing .
if theres a second date , thats a good sign
how i can enjoy her sexually
slower is better than faster except for the occasional quickie ... lol
i bet you she will want you then !
look for a guy who does not attract you .
if their happines means more that your own .
i 'm a married guy that loves shemale porn .
if you do n't think that that is cheating then no you did not .
if they cant stand it or get used to it maybe you shoud move .
maybe your not enough or good enough for her that she has to use it
email call drop a note yeah its okay to ask .
she 's drunk passed out laying there isnt she ?
its right next to your heart .
k what he told u ask it to him back
ask yourself if you only fall in love with forbidden fruit ... ?
is it so you do n't get caught looking ?
he told me he is tryin to wait it out with her .
they should go to dinner and a movie .
sure , people do it on line every day .
you sure you know what you 're talking about ?
boys like girls personality and their looks .
a guy that takes the lead and stay in control
so you can please her better so she can forget about that vibrator !
sounds like you are just interested in appearence , check myspace groups
maybe he 's after that green card
i say go for it and enjoy it ! !
? , , , nuttin to worry bout in my opion
that 's how men think , we 're a simple people !
because some people do not like other people .
sorry im at work with no messenger .
because no one told them not to lie .
just always remember ur family does love u and always will .
you leave everything in a mess , and expect us to pick up the pieces
tell him the bitter reallity slowly with hand in hand .
if you need to dissmiss him , then do that too .
no i met my baby online and we 've been together for 4 years now
i gave him a note , but he didnt reply yet .
if u realy luvs him , juz go ask him whether he or not ?
not french ... the language of love ... the most beautiful sounding language ...
wow i know how you feel .
but it would be wrong if you actually did it .
if she 's just messing , flirting around then a quite talk wud do .
you do n't trust him or you would n't be asking .
but trust me not all women are flirts .
forget her with a little spit - even she do n't diserve that
he or she is n't worth it .
but you can not make him want you in his life .
he raped you ! that 's rape if he di n't have your consent .
how do i get a bf ?
true love ... money will fade away but true love wont .
dont get involved and ruin a marriage .
if you have to start counting on your toes ...
give to her a flower today and a present on christmas
an ideal wedding spot would be near the beach on a sunset setting .
oh ya there is always some body out there for everyone .
for share our thoughts & love
show her that you really care .
but i do belive in love online !
do n't be afraid to take a chance .
no but ... im comiong for you i know where you live
it kinda backfired but it was worth it !
give him flowers.give a good bye kiss .
sounds like were in the same boat .
i would go with the artist
come on girl , get up and get your baby and leave the fool .
and i was in graduation final year .
did he ever give you reason to be ?
being happy is the right thing !
no unless you trust him with all your heart
and no other guys in the picture to be jealous of .
if not then find someone else .
dun u have specific quetions than open ones ? ?
marriage wont change a thing either way !
there 's a big difference between a crush and love .
hes a d ! ck you dont want to associate with players like him .
mom always told me not to talk to strangers !
if you are like me ... once you love , you always love .
( trust me this works 4 most of the time ) good luck : )
i 'm going to bring my family with me i 'm not that stupid .
if not talk to him about it if he loves you he will understand
do you know what your saying ?
gurl go on latino sites u can meet people that way .
they want all of your time
he 's just not that into you .
if he persist , then get 'ghetto ' with it .
cz they too will think the same way about us .
because it taste like banana cream pie !
since you have raise the point , i realize that too !
i wouldnt advice eyeing another person 's gf .
im asuming you are a woman .
now back away from the computer dude ...
also compare them with a list of what you like/hate about this person .
i had a crush on a guy for 3 yrs .
i once told a gay friend to be careful or he would get aids .
be honest to husband , love his family , do n't say everythingto hubby ,
if he gives you a bad time about accidentally losing it ... red flag .
do what your heart tells you to do it is the best thing right now
now , now ... there are great dating sites out there .
she definitely wants you to ! !
no chance at all..i 've read it .
this is like asking , how do you know if your straight..
so stop looking , and just hang out with your friends and have fun .
or do u believe in love online ?
you know , maybe they 'll invite you over for trist !
be careful w/ the company you keep .
brunette for sure ... who said blondes have more fun ?
if you 're an idiot keep posting stupid things alright ?
well my advise is for you to tell him how u feel .
he wont be worth your time .
there is no way u can be together ?
brunette for sure ... who said blondes have more fun ?
if you 're an idiot keep posting stupid things alright ?
well my advise is for you to tell him how u feel .
he wont be worth your time .
there is no way u can be together ?
eventually , reality sets in though but you are still always happy .
a nice dinner a movie and a soft kiss : x
i never miss an opportunity to tell her .
does that excite you , guys ?
just another way of spicing up thier sex lives .
just tell them that you dont want a marrige right now .
and what tune to talk to him in ?
it goes back to the cave man days babe .
good luck and remember it 's never your fault .
because thay fell something inside of them and thay want to have you know what
its beautiful , might be hard to come by though .
i guess , she just missed her son .
its beautiful , might be hard to come by though .
i guess , she just missed her son .
if it does work , there are trust issues at hand .
i was going to simply asnwer 'about what ? '
warm cocoa makes peeople feel in love , you know !
you should set things straight with her .
dunno what else willt ake ur own judgement
she cheated on me but i still love her because of her courage .
you wo n't know unless you try though !
sorry man - do u live in theran ?
they would not love you if they did not care of your well being ...
no but farted did i say that lol
she tends to giggle and become sort of shy when your around .
show her the man you really are !
mmm ... before you decided to left him ?
so what mental hopital do you go to agian ?
just do n't call like every 5 mins .
then give her that stuff and leave .
you are just hanging out in the wrong places .
things that most guys do to hurt your feelings..let me know..
if you dont wan na lose here , just trust her .
they also think that they want a listening hubby .
i think it 's more accepted that men cheat .
first of all she shouldnt do that .
gifts are not perimeter of true love
well that is jus my opinion but it is what you truly think
because women think alot of things that do n't make sense .
girls hardly ever use an obvious pick up line with men .
( ok i also giggled ... ..but wow ... .horrid date ! )
he may of had it on there before seeking for a gf .
have a couple of beers first ...
it keeps everyone wondering where you are going and who you are going with !
you should be asking a lot of questions .
he needs to show you he wants you !
alot of money would be nice , wo n't lie .
i pick it up and just stare at it .
reality is that you are not gon na get such a girl .
would apreciate helpl with this difficult problem
there is nothing to make up ! !
call on the phone and ask her out
cuz love dose not hurt you ! !
if you have at least 1 , then your set !
then every one else has to understand .
she will always think you two still have something going on .
i going to wait 5 or 6 yrs after i get engaged .
let him go , soon he 'll realize what he had !
since you already called him once , donot call him again .
whta is the right words that i should say to this kind of man ?
the guy above please note that its grammar and not grammer .
i was a good looking guy to begin with but i was just shy .
sitting at the beach , watching my kids play .
shell think that ur way 2 serious to start .
oh i so have the same problem .
whch ever ones work out more ( depends )
gim me 10 points please and call for voting
having one girl that you really care about can be very satisfing .
i was n't doing it for the money but because i loved him .
have your friend find out if she likes you and then go from there
then proceed to have cyber sex cam to cam ! !
or do what the other guy said , large members work too .
but do n't just go in at the speed of light !
us guys only think one way and thats the easiest way to get punani .
and boy was that a mistake !
oooo girls like to be complimented .
try to flirt and then be cold .
but even then ... you best bet would be child support .
give her a red bull and she 'll fly away just like in the commertial
yes , your baby 's father is your husband only
if you are sexually attracted to the same sex then you are gay !
honey , if it 's taken him this long , probably not
is n't that trying to gow up a little too fast ?
( there 's more questions coming about her ... ..help me out here pls )
we dont wan na be thought of as 'easy ' .
lets refraise ur q : why do weird guys confess to me ?
oh my gosh , your on cloud 9 .
it is not all about the sex .
i had butterflies in my stomach b/c he scared me .
i know u heard this b4 .
if you do n't tell her , then nothing will ever really happen .
how do i deal with it ?
neither ill just keep dating my girlfriend
the cougars are out there ... and they will find you .
she said she is gon na call me and let me know .
a ring is just a ring
surely you arent that desperate that you have to go on an adult site .
only if the girls are sexy though .
just that the girl is straight ( not a lesbian ) and somewhat immature .
you just sort of have to help it become perfect .
there is no future in it
maybe he wont mind if you werent even there
shell flirt with you and be nice to you .
i 'd be a rich mofo right now .
the only thing i regret is that i married the wrong person ... lol !
if he is a geek or nerd thinkgeek.com
some place that is not full of noise !
and please , do n't ever get married simply for that reason .
think of things to say to him .
every girl wants to be asked out !
girls like to play hard to get ... not knowing the age here..
how u can be sure that the wife too is not cheating the husband .
a lot of guys want that too .
listen & listen & listen & listen & then talk .
he was probably the only man i ever truly loved .
and what i should do to overcome this proplem ? ? ?
that would win me over in a heart beat !
money , cheating , in laws , no time spent together
u had to ask : does the exist love ? ?
milk in la frigerator or my ignorant little friend
his girl hitting on another guy right in front of him .
it 's either your appreciated or funny or you got something on your face
also , ask yourself , do you feel bad after doing it ?
not interested in rekindling the love you once had .
if you are the same age go with friends and check it out
do you really mean that because i think it is really bad to date online
you ask him to stop and he wont hes bisexual .
well , first off she put boys instead of men .
sometimes i feel i should because he dont see her anymore .
the best advice my mother ever gave me was marry your best friend !
you dont need that in your life .
the guy 's got issues he needs to work out .
flirting is healthy ... cyber sex is cheating ... .
i am in my mid 50 's .
if u meet nice boi then they would like 4 just doing u .
damn ... now if only i could take my own advice , lol !
thats what i did and it worked .
you just have a high sex drive .
because guy are sick perverts who make us think that !
of course you should n't go out with him !
like they all said very slim !
try to meet real woman off-line ... that 's the hard thing , huh ?
but i also cherish my female friends because they are awesome , too !
if you do what this then keep doing what your doing .
dear , you are friend even now .
maybe he actully did lose your phone number and he likes you back .
ask her about her and seem interested in what she says !
this will be hard if your really really serious .
what if it was a part-time job you did n't even like anyway ?
well if u can amange a long future with them then your in love
have a talk about it with her dont yell or get in a fight .
tell him you 're pregnant and see what happens
most women are pretty shy about voicing what gets them off .
listen this happend to me alot .
am i going to believe in him ?
couple here not often enough , cause of the kids ! ! ! !
dont take it seriously i dont mean it in a bad way .
if u wan na have a relationship online , just keep it at that .
my fvorite aunt is dying , i can not take anymore deaths !
myself , i always stick with the ca n't go wrong routine .
get on the net on a webcam .
go to a nice restraunt and eat n talk
men w/ men is not beneficial to anything , man with woman makes life !
i told him to call me and he had not .
guys are more about what you do -action based expressions .
why ca n't you ask him out ?
if he loves you ... he loves you !
i joined her in her english coaching class .
neither are what you would want him to think if it 's not true .
you know she wont be obsesive or anything like that .
yes and i have done so in the past .
this guy choose the option of not reciving instant msg
all women love it but most guys are to stupid to realize it
best of luck to you jolly roger !
go to my 360 and check a few pics i have listed .
girl , if you view your grandmother as fabulous and fun , go !
as one of her interests in an online profile ?
guys think about sex all the time too ... probably more than you .
for my wife and i ( 30 yrs ) on my birthday .
i dont live anywhere near that place ...
no ... .dump him and find another one
regardless of what anyone else thinks .
why do you have-to have this gal ? ? ?
i almost always have to initialize the quick pecks during the day ! !
no once a cheat always a cheat .
and her cousin , and her neighbors .
just pick the one you like
i did n't die or even explode .
but that would be too direct .
just tell htem that you havent found the one yet .
u never never know what she feels .
take him a beer and say sorry about that stupid argument .
also , do n't ever give a girl money .
cuddling on the couch and watching tv with my family !
most of the tim eits for sex
everyone knows what is the love , but no one can explain what is it
you can get close to them by either dating them or to have sex
of course i do n't live in nyc .
there 's one nice thing about having a car without auto-locks ...
then go ahead and stay with him/her if you want .
when in rome , you know the rest .
: - ) sorry , did you mean something else ?
1-200 box , for this month rent .
coz my partner is a good player !
there are a lot of handsome guys .
we split over a year ago .
i wear thongs because they are sexy and they turn on men !
and no , i do not regret it .
we have a 1 year old lil girl together .
he si the most coolest guy in school .
3- a toy for my baby .
a lot i ca n't count.lol.no seriously i think about 25 ... gee !
well , i play the drumset , but i 'm not hot !
just ask someone u like out
how well should i know a guy , before meeting him in person ?
b/c marriage changes everything in the relationship !
if they keep callin you after..you tell them to quit callin .
at present i do n't have money for day care , maids etc .
just tell him youd like to go out sometime ?
they are just afraid to be alone !
but he is a real nice guy .
even now i am 39 years old .
i think you should think about this .
start there and she will lead the way to the rest .
first you cant allow or unallow him to do anything .
macsteed/blondegyrl2004 : the long and short of it .
if that does n't work for u .
yes once when my nose feels so itchy 'coz of bad bedsheets .
hang out with him and these friends in the apartment and out .
macsteed/blondegyrl2004 : the long and short of it .
if that does n't work for u .
yes once when my nose feels so itchy 'coz of bad bedsheets .
hang out with him and these friends in the apartment and out .
if he was like 5 yrs younger ? ?
maybe she is telling you that you please her so you wont feel bad .
i 'll agree that you just need to tell her how you feel .
now thats a quesion worth answering
little boys dont really ever like girls .
i have slammed peoples heads in their lockers once .
we tell each other i lov you every night .
make them work for your love to .
dodge ram ; it 's a pick up
because she didnt do nothing wrong .
jesus man , might aswell shoot myself now !
if that fails ebay ebay ebay
but it was good for me .
if its not right then way waste anymore time thinking about it .
im not sure that it is nagging .
it 's all biologicial and dont let anyone tell you different .
yourself is a best gift for your lover , trust me
if you dont you will never will find the person .
it depends on who dumped who .
i do n't find it sexy the other way around .
you should find out what your parents dont like about him and .
0 % unless you are a computer you read it while writing it .
no why should u suffer .
do you trust people online ?
but do not let him use this as an excuse .
thats wat i want a rock hotty but not a sex freak
seeing each other is not dating it can be that yall are just friends .
read his book - ultramarathon runner
can all u girls help me out with this >
just tell him to back off .
because if she likes him there might be problems in ur relationship .
good god , leave the skimpy underware to the girls !
cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are big turn offs .
if you already done the best you could ?
because if she likes him there might be problems in ur relationship .
good god , leave the skimpy underware to the girls !
cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are big turn offs .
if you already done the best you could ?
depends the age honey ... .really , no timje is the best time ...
and a ring can not influence that .
if you like her enough to risk that friendship just be honest with her .
the rest look at men for sex .
and its either to feel sexy or to not have a panty line
*looks in the mirror* there she is ! ! ! !
you should never speak to him again
i 'd rather not have a slender girl .
bummer ... really do n't drag that cross around ... .
you could try to think about all the bad things he 's done .
my wife has no idea that i do this .
good luck to both of you .
got ta have trust in a marriage .
know what your lover want best and get it if you can affort it .
tell them to mind there own business .
if he is worth marrying he will wait and you should wait .
you can also try the yahoo !
i wonder how would *you* help her out ?
if it can happen , it will happen : ) cheers !
but do n't act like this did n't happen .
well , i am a 30 years old guy .
tell him your true feelings and you might be suprised .
fool me twice shame on me .
well i just want to try and get him to like me .
i like the blonde , but i love the dark red .
all the while watching her go through guy after guy .
rule 2 : if she 's wrong , reread rule 1 : )
life is complicated and its just the way it is .
that joke about the baby was funny .
if not , break up with your girlfriend and do what you want .
what do girls want from a guy ?
guys dont play games only girls do
he used to be really sweet and do things for me .
good luck with your shopping : )
yes they do like to be held and cuddled alot
i would get rid of her asap .
yes they do like to be held and cuddled alot
i would get rid of her asap .
if it does not smell right , run !
mistake # 1 - cheating on him .
you need to work on your english ... spellings and grammar .
what the heck do 13 yearold guy 's want ?
girls like guys that act like jerks .
i want to get to know her but what should i say ?
it might be infactuation , not love
what does it mean when a girl puts that she likes 'boys ! '
yeah porno stores most nimphs advertise what thay want hope ya size up .
its like two for the price of one .
it 's perfectly fine , there 's someone out there for you .
i go for the beautiful face ...
seriously though , its got ta be quick .
good luck and let me know eliza
and for his granny tell her to mind her own business !
so guys growing up with a dad not showing them about chivalry .
' i 'm going to go hang out with the boys . ' )
you do n't want herpes , i 'm pretty sure of that .
i also like playing games with her too . )
! and how i will start with her ?
in her purse , its the credit card
**** is a natural phenomena and it is a myth that **** is bad .
foooooooooooooorget them u 'll find them follow u
ps divorce makes the money thing worse .
a gift card nothing to personal
gee maybe he thinks passing notes is stupid ?
if hes a cheater ... hes a cheater !
have peace in this if not anything else .
he always wants sex ammm , you know , help me
why worrie about it just call me
: - ) relationships are like babies , they need a lot of care .
bang her mom , sister and best-friend .
have you ever been a victim of a bad/funny/or rediculous pick up line ?
pull out a gun point it at him and laugh .
if i told you ... it would n't be secret .
if your not happy brake up .
most of them will have their own chat there that they use .
tell him nicely to back the hell up .
she just ca n't find a single solitary guy over there that likes her ?
if she considers it to be cheating , then it is cheating .
or maybe she 's just a sl*t .
same reason women cheat on men .
unless you want an open sexuall relationship with her , get out now .
he sounds a lil fruity to me ... .
dont even pay them any attention and be you .
tell her to f**k of , just kidding .
by all means ask him straight up if he is gay or bisexual .
anyone with self dignity would not go back to person who 's like that .
just like anything else in life .
do things you would n't do before .
the sirens only go off once every 2-3 years .
have you tried kissing her yet ?
if the guy hve a wife ?
if not , then you just like him as a friend .
it 's just what i 'm attracted to .
but wit my baby its more of a mental thing !
so good luck on what ever your decision may be .
if she cheated on him then she could just as easily cheat on you .
flowers are not cheap ... depending on what kind you get .
give her something about yourself the she can brag to her friends about
how you gon na start a fight and get beat down ... ..lol .
why would he want to kill them is he like a murder
you need humor in your life to keep the relationship going .
i think ur negative attitude is spoining ur time .
ask yourself this , is she worth waiting for ?
trust ur self and be the king in ur sight
but even a little check like that would be worth $ 15 .
might be a little hard to find ... but check it out !
just keep doing what your doing .
this is how you avoid being creepy gym guy .
if it bothers you much more , report it to people with more authority
i would want to stay friends , so no
reinforce that she is always right , no matter what the circumstance .
the airport is a very public place with lots of security around .
1 to 3 times a day .
how long does a quickie run ?
i though they love you a long time ? ?
i let him go , it got kind of boring .
well u have already posted your question and then too asking to us .
u just have too see how he act i am one off then
he comes to see me very weekend b/c we are still young .
i let him go , it got kind of boring .
well u have already posted your question and then too asking to us .
u just have too see how he act i am one off then
he comes to see me very weekend b/c we are still young .
but let 's be honest , does size matter ? ... ...
whatever you do do not cheat on him to get back at him .
better start saving these gals from ? ? ?
just be yourself , and have fun !
yeah but if shes a tease well dnt who wants to deal with a tease
wow that is a good anticipation .
short or none everywhere else ... it 's my personal taste ...
if not think as its over and get over with your life .
not really a great option , eh ?
cant seem to get over this .
i do n't think ur boyfriend would like another man touching you .
if it smells good it 's go !
he just might not be packaged the way you think !
what would a woman do that would make u think forever ?
something like , will you go out with me ?
i do n't know but i read it
if the boys cheat , then they are losers .
dont let her hurt you like that
it potentialy could happen ... and it sounds fun !
i never got to tell him exactly how i felt .
guess , i know how yo feel .
( he might pick it up in a single ring ! )
u have something to lose both ways .
because u did n't face the true love till now
all she cares about is spending time with you .
never let em see ya sweat , at least this young .
you got issues ... ... go to a doctor , a psychiatrist !
like i do n't like to have fat bf or husband
match.com and if your jewish jdate.com
( get a divorce/leave him first ) mistake # 2 - calling him stupid .
what about races of kid 's grand-parents ?
they were boys ( of course ) lol
! or have a detective organized u could be an detective tooo .
i guess this just is n't the place for that .
but she will not want to fall in love with them .
i even feel like i sort of know you now even .
do n't get in a serious relationship and just have fun .
dont go back just 2 go back cuz u love him ! !
no you should not give up on a woman !
tupac_lover_00 @ yahoo.com i am a girl and im single and looking e-mail me
of course hes cheating on you ... are you on crack ?
oh yeah btw we r both 12 .
he 's and old man but hes only 20 .
stop focusing on looks and quit looking altogether .
tell him that and you will own him .
snap out of it join the rest of the world .
it was just what you envisioned .
first try to break up with him but not in person .
thats because most of them are pigs
people get married it is because they love each other very much .
if you are lonely then you have friends that you can have fun with .
then both of you can move on .
considering there are only 49hrs left , most likely not .
where it ca n't really be anything more than jsut friends rofl
of course , it does take two ...
become rich , good looking , or famous .
to stop relations that happend before mirrage
give him a chance to be good .
he might marry u depending on the kind of luv he has 4 u
each time i cried like a baby !
yes ... your family should be happy for you that u found your love .
flirt , flirt and more flirt all while making them laugh .
worst i ever heard was ... .hi , wan na f*** ?
think of better thing that has happened , is happening and will happen .
there 's 5 in mine my husband , my 3 kids and me
does she dye her hair often if she does u might have a problem .
what is wrong with you boy ?
several tips for getting a girlfriend : 1 .
no way gir were is his respect for you .
true friends wouldnt leave you out there like that !
how do i post questions on yahoo !
i killed my cousin because he refused to smile ; )
no it is actually not .it depends
but just trust your heart and what it says .
or they think that by telling you that it will turn you on .
talk , get to know him and finaly ask him on a date ! !
you seem like a sweet guy who only wants happiness .
not if you were a smart cheater !
my boyfriend never gets me anything .
and u dont want that now do u .
keep it all the way real !
take your bucket of worms and just go fish in another pond .
some are because they have issues with men i am assuming .
that is just wrong plus shes older .
well technically you have not penetrated so no .
tell him you now a lesbian .
if you want act sexy around him .
and if he says no , kick him in the crotch anyways .
i always knew that some woman are smarter than men !
you are just gettting surounded by a lot of jerks !
you better keep your eyes open or joe next store might steel your man ...
if a girl fancies a guy she rubs or touches her neck frequently .
i could go on and on .
if you ponder this question more then twice in your life you r probably gay
i get dumped for guys that wo n't do anything for a woman .
maybe because you havent found the right guy to respect you
buy a car and go where the wind takes you .
explain exactly what you want and what is going on .
*also very easy 2 get drunk*
u just keep silent like u dont knows she is existing
any just do n't replace cologne with soap
i dont think you should be worried .
man are you gon na be sick .
and it wo n't cost you a dime .
is he old and yer young ?
hope everything works out great for you !
it 's just one of things you know ...
then pray to you favorite deity .
the key is to show that you are different !
love yourself and dont let any man put u down eliza
it is a cool thing to do !
go up and start talking to her
if you really care about her , you will want her to be happy .
and thought you should just introduce yourself !
and he ca n't just kick you out anyway ?
pray about it and you will get your answer , watch
; - ) anyway , lower back pain is a terrible thing .
ask her out if she says no try to move on
i have recurring dreams of my ex almost weekly .
i 've known love from friends , guys , my moms , n family .
then when you feel the time is right ask her out
then one day the guy turns everything around and says he loves me ?
i waited until i was thirty , and guess what ?
there 's like 20 million women right here !
that means that u are on his mind all the time .
love is really all that matters .
ask ur wife to get on a webcam .
hope you 're in that same boat .
becareful in who you fall in love with !
do u love this person deeply ?
but they do things that say ' i fancy you ' .
try to get him/her out of your head .
but hun i hate to tell u when they got a drinkin prob .
pray to god shell take you my fukin gurl dumped me so good luck
ehehehe it 's not weird at all .
old but this is a golden saying !
he probably is n't cheating on you .
gay clubs or church but not both at the same time : )
tell her she looks nice and that you love her .
yes , but not freaked out ... okay , maybe a little .
al pacino did why ca n't you .
i am 21 and i have only had sex with 2 people !
but seriously i dont know what i would prefer
hey that is how i feel .
then just tell him you dont like him .
you can not have your cake and eat it too .
shall i call her back ?
my frineds ex was really annoying and controling .
i like this girl and iv never talked to her before .
you can not have your cake and eat it too .
shall i call her back ?
my frineds ex was really annoying and controling .
i like this girl and iv never talked to her before .
when he sees nothing wronge in what ever you do
most men have nothign to flirt with ... lol
firstly i can say girl friend is not on road .
otherwise y would b want to b alive , if we 're alone ?
your reward will come , just hang in there ...
first off he is your ex .
you could play the what if ?
we do create a lot of our own problems that way : )
you definately shouldnt hide it for the rest of your life ! !
because of this she will cheat on you !
u said her hair different colors so it shows it happened different times .
1st does he want to be your boyfriend
i think its over and it gives me an idea for my relationship.thanx !
do you really wan na start it with that kiss ?
i am due in two weeks is that good enough ?
i do n't know if he has girlfriend or what .
and leaves plenty of opportunities to get close to one another , and talk !
well there you go clash said everything i was going to say lol
does your heat skip a beat when you see this person ?
guyz that cheat are secretly gay
if not then you should ask him if he likes the company u keep..
find someone who really cares for you - someone is out there !
denver co. hun if you are into chiks who are really hot
i 'm 20 and my boyfriend is 29 , so beat that ! ! !
thats pretty much impossible , id personaly want a really overly sweet boy ; )
you ca n't make someone like you just because ... you want to .
i never really have , although truth be told i always really wanted one !
but i prefer older or the same age as me .
she 's an i-mac and your a pc ... get my drift
2 ) get out and meet some girls .
it would n't hurt to dress nice and fix your hair ! !
or you could let him drink a love potion ... hehehe
pep rally at high school 15 years later we are still together
i know that cause i did that be 4 and is didnt work out
yeah i did aweek and a half ago
ask him if he can stay home for one day talk about the issue
i 'm serious african arabic man i wish to get serious women to marrige
because guys like boobs and the internet is the easiest place to find them .
if you are not , you are just using him .
personally i would n't worry about it .
perhaps because many do not believe that they can .
classmates.com helped me find a few
there is something they do n't get at home .
you dont just get her to give it time dog .
it does not matter if two guys or gurls care about each .
if i was you i would n't do it .
either he loves your or he does n't .
especially if you dont want to have sex .
it all depends on how you feel when it 's all over
get his s/n ... .and send him messages every once in a while .
do n't be cheap in first sight ... ..
or what are you doing now that you were not doing then .
do you get butterflies in your stomach everytime the person calls ?
it seams you love him already so tell him according your heart voice .
mayb ur personality is off beat .
you have not said whether you are m or f .
not according to the bible ; otherwise i dont know
see how it helps to give ... ?
depends what there and your dateing history is .
i mean the list goes on and on .
i do n't know but tell me when you find out
i thought he is looking for someone .
not as long as your happy and you are doing/geting what you want : )
i tried it once but he immediately knew that was me : )
i asked a guy out and he said we would ... sometime .
is it just a want or is it really a need ?
he does so much stuff 4 me .
i will tell you this though , ..
e ) it was like my body exploded !
any chat pro has such rooms
i just want to know what you guys think of this .
but i confess that the whole blog thing baffles me ...
( i really hate smoking -- of any sort , and drinking )
girls get serious about it as long as they know ur serious .
i ask myself the same shit
find some friends to hang out with and get her off your mind .
nothing fancy ..eat with your fingers kind of food ... it 's more fun
first of all why do you call yourself darkangle ?
is there a problem with me .
why do men do this you ask ?
you love him and he loves you .
yes 2 years is no big deal
angel honey give his ass the boot
but again i say do not do it wait for marriage !
so nod and say ur right honey i never thought of it like that .
she calls you back when you call her ( 5 ) .
but i want nice guys not complete jerks .
even the perfect man , is not so perfect .
depends on wether ur choosin ' the good guys or the player type .
best said in the movie old school love its a mother fucker
she wo n't dare want to be with another if it is !
not all women think like this , just your woman .
no i wo n't , but somebody will ...
someone i could look at forever ...
and she should love you for that .
bring it up like in bed during pillow time with each other
he would make us all look really bad ; )
really , for better or worse was your vow .
he says i have bussniess trips everywhere lately .
why do you need a man to spoil you ?
if he does , give it a try ... go for it ! ! !
it 's just asking to get hurt ! !
does he tell other ppl when your not around ?
if he please to do all that it would without asking
it is natures free gift to all kind .
she shares her lunch ( food ) with you ( 9 ) .
yup absoloutely ok as long as ya look carefully
but the truth is : i want one ! ! !
his excuse was that she was like his sister .
if you are a guy : you are setting yourself up for failure .
as long as they are over 18 .
guys do n't like drama , and stuff like that .
the kid that they all ready have .
i love him for just being himself .
and is it possible that he realy loves me ?
theyn will always defend you no matter what .
good luck and congrats on the 2 years
my boyfriend did stuff like that all the time .
if we guys could have multiple !
did i mention that he 's hot ?
marriage is for life my friend !
trouble related to love n relationship ...
introducing bride and groom , cake cutting , dinner time , dances , etc .
marriage is for life my friend !
stay offline for goodness sake , if you think like that .
i do n't want to lose the best friend i ever had !
is to let them get it out , while you just listen .
this is because love is blind .
no , this is not a joke !
a couple of tattoos are ok. certain peircings are hot .
i do n't ever wish he would buy me flowers .
stop trying to get a date online & get off the computer !
with a cucumber..and a shaving cream can
hand her you american express card
i think is to cut off the shit of getting hurt !
one with a hot body and a hot personality .
just chick him out..like try to have his schedule .
thats gettin kinda thin ice right there , with the touching .
he will probably go back there .
just be nice to him when you are telling him off .
someone who is smart and funny .
it 's just going to make them mad .
just dont hang out with them .
if you banged her mom or sister , you 're not getting her back .
i do n't know about girls in general , but i know i do .
so eather way , you should n't worry about it .
because your boyfriend wo n't let you have one .
its you he should think is sexy .
try to do things that will take you 're mind off him .
but it 's the normal looking people you should worry about .
ca n't live ur life to please others .
so you want one and do n't want one ?
any way if you truly love him you should trust him no matter what .
if they dont and be honest with u u wont be able to take it
i beleive in lust at first sight but love ? ? ?
it actually depends on the girl .
you should always be who you are .
its like working out how do you get stronger ?
turn on bc grant rd - go 1.0 mi 11 .
and never do anything you dont feel comfortable with .
yes.try to bring a girl to orgasm.she wont leave you
then , it 's up to the guy to if he wants to .
if you have to ask ... he doesn't.. !
cuz maybe you 're a good kisser and u do n't kno it .
anywhere the 2 of you want to .
if so he probly feels obligated .
get married ... . no wait , then you 'll never get laid !
if you 're not married break it off .
ill go to the first one !
spend more time with your wife .
do n't do it no matter what she says !
if life puts you down 7 times get up 8 times !
just on days that end in y
and wants a family with me .
that 's not a good idea on any day !
what type of party did u throw and does he like parties ?
i think she is tellin you to smack dat ass
every guy has a different fedish , some like ginger some like marry ann .
you ` ll only get hurt in the end .
up to you but if i had it to do over i would n't .
i take it that you are trying to see if he would cheat on you..
i just do n't think theres hope ... ..
maybe phone-sex with each other ! !
let her know just how much she really does mean to you .
whatever you do , do your best !
but other wise i agree with you completely .
try one with a special room or the empty side or outside .
i 'm not being gross , do you see what i mean ?
report abuse why do i want him back so bad ?
if he loves you then he will wait for you !
i already gave him a nice card for xmas .
just think a man that does all this and you 're stil not happy ?
going somewhere that has a pool table !
you 've never even seen a pic of her ? ? ?
i just checked and they have versions of the song by
health or sickness , rich or poor , better or worse .
you know the old saying goes boys only want one thing so just wait .
if he 's a nice guy then maybe things will work out this time !
no , it 's not bad at all .
hello mate urs is the same problem as mine ! !
only you can answer that question but it is not legal in some places
he says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments .
no , it 's not bad at all .
hello mate urs is the same problem as mine ! !
only you can answer that question but it is not legal in some places
he says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments .
being 'in love ' with someone does .
what if they wanted to wait for marriage ?
my mom always said , actions speak louder than words .
my girlfriend used to get jealous fairly often ...
no if u dont want the kid use a condem
maybe you need to anser that question .
picture yourself telling someone that you love them .
ask him if he likes guys
my boyfriend does a lot of things that i do n't approve of .
then tell them thay let you know .
if she thinks the guy is mature then she will admit she likes him .
i like one guy , i never talk to him .
all guys think about sex all the time .
this is why devorce is so high .
hey , do you want to be my boyfriend ?
i like one guy , i never talk to him .
all guys think about sex all the time .
this is why devorce is so high .
hey , do you want to be my boyfriend ?
was he like this before you married him ?
heck what will you do in your free time ... lol
depends on the weather and where you live ...
well when someone loves you they look for you .
if you meet a guy and have been hanging out for over month .
please send any help info that is available .
what so if she also loves u .
whatever you do , do n't let her go .
if you are in love , your life 's going to be hell !
you made a promise , does n't that mean anything ? ? ?
well you should talk to that persons best friend .
and its not this dick with legs .
would you love that person any less if that happened ?
i dont wo n't to be nosisy .
but oh it was so much fun getting there , lol .
when you talk about other girls she gets mad ( 6 ) .
i dont wo n't to be nosisy .
but oh it was so much fun getting there , lol .
my room , so i can watch .
when you talk about other girls she gets mad ( 6 ) .
because it is a big deal to you .
cause they love to have sex with someone new
it cuts both ways , i think .
when you do n't like something do you say that it is gay ?
go out with somone else without telling anyone .
( short answer ... ask him what he likes ! )
i know my bf cares 4 me .
i know its the good ol ' usa .
when your ugly what do you have to lose .
whey people do n't like african girls ?
you got ta feel out the situation though .
man i totally sympathize with you .
guys do n't play games like you women .
but he 's married , with three kids .
its hard but that will make you slip up and he will know .
im a women and i do n't get it either
is it good to remain virgin for a boy till marriage ?
tell him that u two can just be friends and maybe something will happen later
that should take all the stess off of you .
but just have a sence of style and hygene and you 'll attract a guy
u just need to ask her frequently about what she feels for u !
easy just tell them or show dem how much u love dem
if he loves you he is gon na change his stupid crap .
at least that is what i find and i 'm sure an average guy .
if u will not do it someone should .
go to google and tipe in ecard then u can take it from there .
so how can i show her i care about her feelings ?
men do not like a weak woman .
maybe you just have too many trixies in your life .
they can but it 's not likely .
do n't think of it as spying ... .
he was what i breath and thought about 24/7 .
if you want a life partner ther it matter .
spends less time with you always has an excuse to everything
then if they say maybe or yes ask her to do something .
but i got ta admit it does seem stupid as i look back .
someone who is not bitchy or conceited .
go out to a club and ask some girls .
helllll naw ... .does he have a brother ?
if you want a pertner to eat panipuri then it not .
i know it 's corny but it 's romantic .
now you know what he 's *really* like .
sex ) he knows exactly what to say to get what he wants .
i hopefully i helped you a little .
you take your wife for a reason right ?
ask him if he wants to be your boyfriend .
i mean it will be her ring so she should like it .
if he really likes he 'll understand what you want too do .
but never push and worry and distress .
i dont care if they are popular .
( that may not be the best choice though )
no , you 'd have been a prick had u said yes ! ! !
if it floats your boat go ahead .
opening doors is sweet but that cant run low .
you do n't need friends to get yourself a girl .
because your getting old and they want u to be happy .
girl , i 've been there done that !
surprise him once he comes home and take a wiff ...
it means he is a real jerk
( butterflies in the stomach ... know what i mean ? )
well if you ask my true thoughts nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooo !
if you dont you wont be together forever for sure .
it depends it would have to be a matter of life and death
yeah , keep your mouth shut and leave this situation .
i say wait till your in your 30 's .
you go to her.its veryy simple
jerk is only one of the items that make some men .
the one thing i 've learned is do n't force life .
yes it is a sin and it is illegal !
i ` m not giving her any attention and she calms down herself
lol just cuddle up behind her .
guys look for a girl that is not retarded and looks pretty good .
relax ... lots of woman have this problem .
ithink long hair makes guys look dirty and like girls
unless you have alot of money then it might be 46 .
trust fund , yuppies , preppy girls all hang out in uptown .
90 % of women do not orgasm by penetration alone .
my boy you asked a very good question !
# 2 do u enjoy the doormat position ?
did you ask her why she did that ?
if he is not eating , he if flirting .
suck it up talk to her and ask her out .
sorry that it did n't work out .
a boy in my school and i have his pic and # .
a lot of people say yahoo chat .
ask your girlfriend because she obviously knows them best .
but i think it effect only if you want a life partner .
not very expensive and you get a lot for your money
do n't believe anything you see in a movie .
do n't do it ... oh my god you will so regret it .
baby girl : a first love is a tough one .
ok , the last part may be overboard ... : )
am i being stupid or what ?
n am not crazy at all .
thats why they say better or worse , not better or nothing .
turn on manchester expy - go 1.4 mi 4 .
do n't u have needs other than that .
and go about your business like it was nothing .
you were not a prick , you were a gentleman !
next time he goes on a business trip go along !
flirt a little and ask her to go to the movies !
yes , let him think he is macho.even if he is n't .
my friend told me he love me to but i dont know what to do
maybe both her birthstone and yours !
only i kno that he doesnt love me .
you just said that he likes someone else .
i have said this already in many diffirent but similar ?
good luck in finding your soul mate : )
usually there not mad at u , she may be deppressed .
tell him to stop chatting online so much and start working out .
find someone who is willing : ) then ask
do whatever comes from ur heart
if u two have a strong enough relationship outside of dating that is
i think that he is seeing another girl , but he is hot ! !
but i do n't despair that much .
i 'm guessing that she 's around 50 ?
be honest , smilling , funny and gentleman ...
cherish true friends and love your boyfriend !
when she asks you to do something and you do it w/out complaining .
so it is not just the guys .
its mean the one who needs it , ie getting bored by the relationship
not my husband..but maybe someone elses .
he was fair and honest and didnt lead you on .
be jerk back , and do n't like him anymore ! ! !
you do know what a houdini is , do n't you ?
if may seem that your using it to your benift .
good luck and go get em .
in family meeting i see her and i like her from the first look
you just have to stop ... no one can do it for you .
dude , there are plenty - plenty of other girls out there .
i have , on more than one occasion ... and i 'm a dude !
i do n't have that specific kind of fetish , exactly ...
another guy would not happen , lol .
should i try and talk 2 him again ?
they say that sex for woman , means family , love , safty !
dont be afraid of embarassing your self .
d ) i felt my whole body shake uncontrollably !
they want to fire down the sexual instinct
admit all wrongs ( even though you are not at fault ) .
maybe she is not a girl ?
please send any help info that is available .
its never too good to b either one of these .
if someone else is happy he will be happy .
do whatever it takes to stay close emotionally !
she likes u ... but she seems kinda immature .
whats the worst she could say ?
as your exchanging phone numbers with her .
ever heard the saying women need a reason guys just need a place ?
if things were meant to be they will fall into there place .
it all depends on how turned on you are as to how wet you get
my mom chose a younger guy .
you should n't trust him if he 's in a different area code .
but im not sure what im doing wrong .
we buy each other stuff and leave it there until we find it .
you can still be his friend .
instead of agreeing you should be exicted .
you do n't really ever get over it .
there 's alot more ways , but i got ta go .
if so then id bet yes .
i just knew , not like that childish knew , but really knew..
be shy , but speak ur mind wen u feel u should .
one of the most awesome guys i know has cp .
do you really want someone around you have to keep proving yourself to ?
nope , as long as you do it back .
you have to ask your self do i deserve better than this .
tell them how you feel about them
do n't give him a reason not to .
asian girls are like other girls .
no just kidding just dont answer it if you do n't need to
maybe u will even get one 4 christmas !
maybe thats why they come here ... .
that way you last longer : p
i know someone who is looking for work ... thanks !
i mean look around outside it 's everywhere
i really dont like to babysit on my days off !
if their is no reson for you wanting to leave !
to love & to be loved is the greatest thing on this earth
maybe they are not looking for a wife .
ofcourse they are human too they are just into the same sex .
if he says yes , you know .
because he dont like you , hes gay
why do guys say they need sex ?
or think of it like this .
do n't try to be mean , be yourself .
have a 1st date at a cafe ( lunch or coffee ) .
do you want to hang out sometime ?
just take your time because you have lots of it .
i just love a squirty lady ! !
but it 's good to know what the girls like : )
ya i am interested in this question too .
the woman who is now my wife .
i do n't really want a relationship .
why ca n't your dad be friends with jen ?
personaly i dont know what to say when my bf complements me .
try to remeber why you got married in the first place .
be nice , concerned and keep your mind on school and friends .
ha ha , guys do n't always wan na have sex .
go ahead and have sex- but use a condom .
try sitting her down , and try to talk about it with her*
well if he is a friend you should be able to just ask him .
how do i know its her ?
have you seen the movie a lot like love ?
at a consert or any where where you need a lot of money
i think a restrant would be great
but , i never saw my cousin again !
because mature woman are good companion .
if he truly loves u he wont leave u !
just what should he say ?
put your kids first every time
if u like my advice e-mail me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
im going there something like this now .
and what 's not to be attracted to by that ?
make friends with him/her and ask them out
soon u will find the right guy .
and it will knock you off your feet .
and then be a good lis-ner ...
he might he that as fun .
it 's not worth loseing a best friend over .
my husband is working in new jersey right now but ppl said hes married ?
you see ... she tells me she loves me .
i think some how some guys are so week and aimless
hmmm ... .i do n't usually recommend asking right out .
spill a smoothie on his shoes..
maybe she 's in love with it .
so there really is n't any clear cut way of knowing .
she say very little just wondering why ?
love is love ... live and let live .
i dont know why so it scares me .
even so its no good men are always ( almost ) like that .
i would rather he had some meat on dem bones .
because you have to ask a question to get the answer ! !
im in the same pickle tell me the awnser
if you or they have ever cheated on somewon dont bother .
if she smiles and hangs out with you you have only moved up .
they always want to be with you .
if he really loves u then ' i love u ' does n't matter .
i think in most guys it is just a want .
no , b'cos that is what your heart desires
i fall in love with my husband again and again !
why r'nt u happy for u ?
pair of kids , so its all good
on your wedding day you 'll be so thankfull you waited and say wow !
just say your right to everything she says
and break down the wall and make him feel comfortable with being near you ..
its like there addicited to it ! !
second , just tell him you do n't want to hang out with him .
if we are crazy ... so be it ! ! !
sorry but it is not your job .
holy crap ... you 've got to be kidding me .
i would dump him and find some one that really love you
well im a girl so maybe i know your answer .
but always keep yo eye open holla !
do you think he really loves me : )
im going out w/ my bestfriend ( guy ) and we bearly started .
you do n't want a man , you want a servant .
we argue alot about stupid stuff , but he treats my son like gold .
sit down and give him a good talking to .
now that said lets talk about the guy who left to think .
its like the air we breath .
sure you will someday , when you are married .
someone you met at a bar - at least you know what he looks like
or blonds red heads lol sorry
i know it depends on the woman ! !
anything above two and half inch rocks !
even if he does leave his wife and kids .
dump her ass if she is arrogant like that .
lust is when you are first with someone .
you want to be just friends too .
( ** ) < | dead fish ollec , the fish slayer
do n't try to force yourself to like someone .
how men get rid of clamydia ?
not one parent and a child .
ask just 2 people - her father and your boss .
what should i give him for xmas ?
and , you can also ask her out .
your soulmate could be in europe .
i love peach fuzz on women .
( i hope i got that right )
if not , stick with your plans .
soooo ... .yeah ... ... .my little emotional overflow session here ... .lol .
if you do n't like it , then it is wrong .
so whats another way to know if she likes me or not ?
say your guy loves you first .
not often enough , too many other things going on .
should i call him or what ?
only when we 're not thinking about sex ... oops !
when you are in a relationship and you are seriouse about it
the wedding/ marriage is n't just about her .
act like your name triple h
not sure ... wan na grab a drink later ?
he loved her so much he married her and had kids with her .
hahaha , you sound like so many other single people i know .
haha -- mens are free for anything
she laughs , we dream ... and ca n't stop smiling .
wut do u think i should do ?
forget him , y would he live that relationship ?
cause i cant message at school but i can do this .
he is most definitely cheating on you !
i like long hair on guys .
so will he divorce with her ?
you 've got a set of balls on you !
girls dont really like fucking around with peoples hearts unless they get paid .
buy her flowers or something she wouldnt expect
ask him why dose he like you ?
hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs .
that does mean that there not still in love with there 1st love .
ask him why dose he like you ?
hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs .
that does mean that there not still in love with there 1st love .
if fate permits , things will change and you two will go further .
im 24 and my wife is 35 .
get over it and get on with your life .
bon jovi-ill be there for you .
2 ) how she acts 3 ) who she hangs out with
but my reward for hanging in there ... .. ?
guys ( especially teenagers ) , pretty much only think about sex .
no really does mean no and whether u like it or not they rule .
can u tell me something abt u ?
my man is in brooklyn new york .
you do n't want to hurt her .
well , it 's pretty clear that you two are n't an item yet .
when we love a person , we want him/her to be happy .
thats the key , the rest will follow .
i dont want to have friends that hate me .
depends what kind of ladies u want .
guys usually do n't play games , that 's for women to do .
you need a guy that is going to love you for you .
when u make your mind think before ur heart
he and i are both very attractive and sucessful .
then hell yeah it would be us but that 's just it !
so if he wants to kiss then let him unless it makes you uncomfortable .
then , find a great guy and have great sex !
try to see a girl that has alot in common w/ you .
first of all how old are you ?
and i always thinkg she might find someone better too ...
you go up to that person and ask them out .
i wake up several times and toss & turn ... just never feel rested .
because girls have holes that we want to put it in .
its always nice to exprience something even if its good or bad .
think about your kids ... you might end up with nothin in the end..period
and if he says no , then ask him out !
some men look good bald too .
wait until you are 35 ... ... ... that 's when life gets good .
once a cheater , always a cheater .
txs rngers say : cmon boyz , we got right on our side !
also watch my best friends wedding
keep your chin up even though i know it 's tough .
when you ca n't stop to think about that person
thos would defenitely help u dude !
any place where u like to make love is heaven for u .
it is ok but you must be carefull cause there are freaks out there .
and it must be a 2 way street .
how much younger ... lol some women do .
if there is doubt then i would wait .
i think it really depends on what the female is looking for .
i guess it can be a resterant .
how to encourage a guy to ask me to go out ?
if kids are involved though , got ta do whats best for them .
trust me she wo n't care after that .
men do this sort of thing because they generally get away with it .
ima virgin so anything will help .
i have noticed that it depends on the girl .
b ) i 'm just glad i got one women - alot ! !
you cant let anyone persue you like that .
! also you need to take things slow if she wants you to .
i had four kids for him .
men do that sort of thing because they can .
i guess u just listen to what she has to say .
all good things to those who wait .
i would n't do him again , yuck !
report abuse how old is everyone here ? ?
laundry ... ... my god next question please .
probably best if you just muster up the courage to tell him , though .
i do n't like shareing my guys .
i 've been with my bf for about a year now .
we do n't have to see everything in the damn store .
most of the girls are just talk , and never follow through .
i know it is hard but you will find the right man someday !
let him make the first move , if any ?
check your wonderful abilities then trust your self and carry on
everytime i do something nice for people i get slapped in the face basically
asians have money no doubt about it .
it is good to talk to a mature woman
bj , then go bake him a pie .
if its meant to work out it will , so hang in there .
if not he might be obligated .
washington dc - the ratio of men to women is huge
some have it as a laffy taffy answ3r3r
we are funny about that stuff .
it depend which country u belong ?
it would depend on how the chat goes
if you do n't talk to her than yeah ! !
if you get feelings then they are because of your lust .
now if she loves u and u love her then stay with her !
just be the most what u realy r
wait til u get married , lol .
i hope everthing works out let me no chris_myhll @ yahoo.com
dress sexy and then get naked
i have no ideas what to do !
why would they freak out if they are single it shouldnt be a problem
just tell him to back off .
i dont know ... do you ask him where he is going ?
only if you want it to .
first of all try gaining her father 's trust
girl on girl kicks ass guy on guy is nasty
( ladies and gentlemen answer me here i 'm drowning ! )
umm ... it takes me a while , ' k ?
he wants whats his own baby .
just got ta have faith in another person
but it sounds like he wants his cake and wants to eat it to .
try watching the movie hitch ... you might get a few ideas ...
we 've tried yahoo personals , and chat rooms , gay bars , etc .
no ... pheromones actually work on the person using the perfume/cologne .
let him come to you he did it wrong not you .
- satisfied customer is their best advertisement !
makes me wonder if she is like 12 or something .
tell him whats on your mind .
not really , why are you even asking this question ?
next thing i know , he 's kinda got a girlfriend .
go in for the quick swoop .
just be up front with him .
have ur cousin talk to him .
the age old song ' happy b'day to you ' always work
especially if you know your ugly .
you 've got so much of it !
if u do n't how could u live w/urself ?
dont drop the l word ... you dont even know what it means .
i dont wan na get deviore with the kids i have .
u do take a shower everyday do n't u ?
tall..dark n handsome..u c.. the best combi !
your a sicko and so are you paul !
i did n't and could have saved 3 % .
sweetie , i thought i met me soulmate online .
i have a crush on this girl but she dosent know it yet .
like ive already said time will tell .
hope you manage to suss it out .
just try communicating more n tell me if it works.good luck
remember , they 're not monsters , they 're just grrrs .
learn methods to use no matter your size .
if he 's not living up to what he says , he 's lying .
do n't beg for their friendship either !
well i hope this helps some ... .i know it helped me let go .
i will be so much better if you two wait for marriage !
if you banged her brother , you 've got issues .
they got a divorce , the women re married a few years later .
thier not as scorned as you
only his boyfriend knows for sure ...
believe it or not , guys tend to daydream more than girls .
first of all if its a coworker , becareful .
.when i call him back do i ask him if he likes me ?
i love my boyfriend and he loves me .
if he is a guy , then he is cheating on you .
why surprise her after you eat ? ?
show up naked and bring beer .
dont worry u will meet someone someday .
try to fall in love with him again regardless of his stupid sister .
so if you have a gut doubt about it .
never marry a man just for the kids sake .
look at the cars they drive .
or if they call you just to say hi .
some guys prefer more cushion for the pushin ' !
fore go tacky and cheesy pick up lines .
why look at porn when you are just right there waiting in bed ?
he will like you so much less when you do .
you just realized sooner as you get older how dumb it all is .
like if you both like movies or things like that .
she does not act like her self !
if you want but i would wait and play it out .
beautiful it makes a girl feel special
here 's a good date idea , do n't be cheap .
i also think its against the rules , in my college at least .
it makes it that much more precious when you do say it !
men- sex men-power women-money ( theres always a gold digger out there )
a huge soft bed ... . some place where you feel most comfortable and relaxed
i also prefer my guys big .
love will not vanish slowly if you do n't let it !
i think that would just be awesome for a guy to have it personalized !
if this is like the nice guys finish last kinda thing , thats easy .
ask him if he has a gf .
flowers do n't last long , but are nice once in a while .
wheather it b verbal , mental , physical or sexual .
girl , age aint notin but a number !
ya lookin at the best definition of cute
just say what is on your mind !
you got ta have trust in a relationship .
some guys are just as afraid of rejection as girls are .
but i like her very much ...
ask him what his fantasy is .
get some girls in your college .
does he say it only after you do ?
b strong do put a stop 2 the torture of a innocent child .
rub her shoulders if shes washing the dishes then jump in and help .
i gave him a big tip !
goodness will boomerang back at ya ' .
cooks a meal for you and it 's not your anniversary or birthday .
hold her hand while your watching tv 2nite .
or else you gave those vows for nothing .
i love him and i do n't want this to come between us .
soon you 2 will be doing all kinds of things together .
i felt sorry for him , even though i know i shouldnt of .
i think he was kidding ; )
- now , always and forever and to stop asking .
well i can relate to that being a guy .
so you might as well tell them save yourself that drama later .
dont let him kiss you in the dark .
i like guys with short hair .
mak him/her love u by being loveable : )
i think about 90 % of them do .
i want the wedding of my dreams !
why not the precious moments store ?
it 's time to get some counseling .
buy them a pair of white socks !
tell her that there is another great year with the woman of my dreams
make her jeleous , by flirting with her friends for instance !
yahoo chat is pretty good and it 's free
the one who never says 'no ' ; )
i would n't think that just hers is such a nice idea .
is he trying to make me jealous ?
wow ... why did you limit that query to just 2005 ?
when you get married she should take your sir name ! ! !
just go up and tell her .
he does n't like you , be better looking and try again
when she talks , listen in that way you will know whats bugging her .
dont kill me before i finish ... lol .
sounds like you two are just in a rut .
when you find him ... ask if he has a brother ( haha )
if she says no then ask to be just friends .
not just to please your boyfriend .
unlimited music download membership for 1 year
they will never talk behind you back .
it 's like a nobody going to tell me who i am thing .
should i stay , endure it and try to work it out ?
and i have a camera phone she does too .
you do n't have tell her right off the bat .
guys think with there minds and women think with their emotions .
you should tell him how u feel and if he loves you he will understand
am i loosing my best friend ?
is he really abusive or are you making this up ?
firs of all it depends on how old u are !
girls like that will rub there crotch anywhere .
dont cheat , but especially not with her friend !
i mean what is the worse that he can say right ?
if you love eachother you will find ways to make it work .
i think thats ur problem tofigure out no offense ... .
some females do that , make it on you to leave .
he needs new friends if there that immature
and if you love something you always go back .
let 's see ... if you really hate her , she probably already knows .
get out there and be yourself !
i always find out , its like i sense it .
dont say it before you get to affectionate .
but like if u over 30 dats stragiht .
lots of nice , intelligent girls ... ; )
do n't see him one last time .
yes : do n't sunburn your back on your honeymoon !
we ca n't choose who we love only what we do .
i dont know him butim guessing .
even though it 's olny 2 yrs .
but , women are just better in hiding , and lying .
do n't worry if women need you or not .
or cyber online and all that kinda stuff !
hard but true , maybe she does not love u. right ?
say are you doing anything some night & ask her to a movie .
i dunno u n i havent met u .
yes us girls really do want sex as much as you guys do .
she just wants a good grade , forget about it you geezar
i would watch out and not have a real relationship with this person .
if you really dig her ask her out but no sex .
old guys young guys , it doesnt matter .
o theres hope a lot of hope trust me
yes because we need to get to know people
depends if you can find anothr queer near buy
surprise her with flowers ... forget the sex .
maybe she thinks u r some kind a virus or 3 .
i think there is more intemacywith a person you are in love with .
most boys wonder what are girls good for anyway ?
because they are just so interesting .
we dont have to work as hard b/c dudes are easy prey
lol , i 'm with wendy on that one .
if you know what i mean .
above all he has to be interested in alot of stuff i am .
but dont worry.. there will be other guys for you to like .
not too long like to ur shoulders though .
guys just have urges when they 're around pretty girls .
if you ai n't getting none , then start masterbating
be there for the person , help out , be a friend .
but if you want to kiss him , ..just lay it on him !
i personally think that 's so lame .
just tell him its your first kiss .
if i found it a real so i do n't have to find it again
you want to be able to play .
its really impossible if they care about you .
if you obesess over them , or die at a young age ...
3-4 times a week at least .
so take it slow and take care
i say just leave it alone .
heres the deal , theres love and lust .
asking u out may seem risky because he doesnt know u like him back .
how much do you like the guy ?
guys are jerks when they try to be nice .
do u believe in love at first sight ?
yes of course it 's normal to have guy friends if ur a gurl
no he is just a player that all .
if so , how much celebration does it warrant ?
sex as a weapon is just stupid .
however , that does not mean you dont have a chance with them .
so is he trying to make me jealous or is he just a player ?
better do not dare..it is not a good chance why is he/ she old ?
it 's how you get a job , dumb ass !
anyway , he may be saying it because he means it .
and trust me if he did all this , he would not be faithful .
you do n't really like him like that .
i spent $ 65 4 christmas on him .
so my advice would be to quit being so shy !
believe me he likes that big butt !
if your intimidated she will know .
if she 's like that you can take her to a perk .
it depends how how much younger
are you a compleat prude or any thing ?
through my ups and my downs and he still doesnt leave me at all .
and you dont deserve this kind of man .
go to an interview with playboy or sumthing
such a bad idea if you decide to hook up with her .
the girl he cares about more than himself ...
also , its from a 14 year old guy .
my friend totally backstabbed like three of my good friends .
fatherly ... ..wow ... ... should this really be this far down the list ?
say mom dad i have a boyfriend and i would like you to meet him
ok , first be careful who you hang out with .
buy her flowers take her 2 the movies kiss her !
they either do or they do n't .
but that does n't make it right .
it is n't good , i will tell you that much .
who cares how much money he spent ?
just the two of us a grover washington/bill withers version
show lots of cleavage and use the bedroom eyes .
so i am going to say - no !
you can start by spelling loser right .
but i really love my bf .
sort of like if walmart sold xxx movies .
the mysterious and fun loving brunettes .
pretty much the same thing girls think about guys but in reverse .
b/c your always on this darn computer looking at these ridiculous computer conversations !
if you havent yet , dont let it bother you .
turn on wilbanks rd - go 0.3 mi 10 .
there can & will never be trust between you because look how it started .
well i see how you feel .
you cant just find it , you have to create it .
i got to know this gal thru online chat .
but she never told you ( not that she has to ) .
not my idea of a boyfriend .
act like i do n't see him ? ..wave ? ..
that people even have to ask questions like this is so disturbing to me .
what you think , girls dont wan na have ?
next to a jewelry store ; - )
about what girls really think of guys..
the same is happening to me
go to yahoo messenger and find the country you want
tell him your answer is no !
the only stupid part is staying with some one that is cheating on you .
none of his or my female friends are our type .
you both need to get a life .
unles your mother has a good reason to worry ?
but it should be whatever the girl likes .
maybe you can have some backdoor action with her ?
: ) i would know i have had a crush
well i hope i helped ya out !
girls like guys that are romantic .
please , please , do not listen to any of the above .
ca n't you find girls in college ?
he likes you but could not find a good flower
( both your dad and jen are dishonoring that vow , fwiw . )
do n't come on too strong a first .
be yourself no matter who 's watching !
i really do care about her and she cares about me too .
i would take you with lots of love.i do not judge
your either not confident enough , ugly , or your personality sucks
you must try and i mean try to move on .
no beacuse if thats how u feel then naw its not bad
you dont get over it , we forgive but we cant get over it .
in the meantime , dont do anything silly ; ) .
it wont hurt to have a killer voice either.. thats my $ 0.02
meaning that it need cared for and about .
ofcourse if u rate this as best answer : )
well that is the same line i use to get a girlz pants off ...
i hate her 4 not protecting me .
wow ! believe me , there is nothing wrong with you.kudos to you !
if your husband did n't want you he would n't have married you .
! im 14 seeking for lots of advice .
she invites you to go places with her ( 10 ) .
u should also ask- how do i prevent stds ?
you should be glad you got a second chance of being with someone .
unless u know what she feels theres no question of understanding her .
guys arent complicated like girls are .
judas priest turbo lover , has the groove & rythym just for the occasion
i would just be totally natural about it .
no one deserves 2 b abused in anyway ... no one ! ! !
i try and manipulate people to get what i want .
just want to see what other people out there like .
love is n't something that is , just beacuse it once was .
guys are feeding you a line .
anything else you just stumble upon is lust .
because women these days dont care if someone is married or not .
wonder what white gals like about asian guys ?
as long as the key 's are not sticky .
at least they can drink ( i guess ! )
i think its because girls judge ppl by their appearence .
beware and wait this one out .
secondly why would she hate you for moving ?
no it is not a sin .
if he gets another girl to give him what he needs .
yep it doesnt mater where you meet people you always have to be careful
do n't be so hard on yourself !
there is a reason he/she does n't want you anymore .
true love finds you you dont find true love .
dont give in too the divorce temptations .
that baby deserves a chance to live !
write me back with the answer please
thats what mother nature forced them to do .
read he 's just not into me ! !
just get annoyed or freaked out .
because youare just talking to her then you are just being friendly then .
i am gay and think i love him but only a month now .
guys think about the following things about girls : : 1 .
if u are seriously shy online , u need help .
rudha , i would like to know abt u a bit .
but guys do n't intend it that way at all .
or ... wait while some1 else does it before u .
question is not complete , u must mention the type of girls
then you 're just a bad memory .
sex is for the marriage bed only !
- old habits are hard to break .
i have alot of favorite colors but the one i like the most is blue
though we live together i find that we do n't get much time alone .
if in doubt talk to her drs .
i would think it to be more special that way !
how old are you , are you totally clueless ?
if a guy cheats , he 's a dog .
the aged old saying nature knows .
i see ppl mess up everyday or make love mistakes everyday .
even if you did n't do anything wrong !
happy folks get on with life .
he may finally say all right i trust you so stop following me !
and one time at band camp
there really is not any best age to get married .
dude have you seen 40 yrs old virgin ? ? ?
do n't force yourself to try it .
your heart will tell you if you are in love !
why would you go into something you 've got no experience in ?
but i miss her every day .
she might just have the expereince your looking for
love its that gut feeling you get .
i wan na no if i fit in .
i like men my height or taller .
and it also depends and how the guy acts .
he will try to have sex with you
i would have been a kid longer !
at least that 's what i 've heard .
my ex is a crazy byoch !
i sure you will have lots of luck .
and why would you even want someone that would cheat on his wife .
well ... depends of how much you would like to invest in one ...
see how he looks at you girl .
she will worship you in return ... isss thaaat soooo baddd ? ?
i fell sorry for the women that you run into .
due to the way they get the diamonds .
because women deal more with emotions , then men do .
like tell me is they mean , flirty .
step four : get to know her !
be the fun girl he knew once upon a time .
but here it gooes did it hurt .then they said what ?
not sure what her rule should be !
i am more of an orange or camo turned on guy !
honey those days are long gone !
mostly it depends on : sex , past , etc .
sure , what do you have to lose ?
she wa svery glad i told her and she was mad at her hubby .
staying inside or sleeping only makes it worse to recover .
if you really want to know ... ask him .
a good movie to see with on a date ?
it 's just like any thing else such as broccolli , liver , cheese .
i even asked her why and she could n't give me a straight answer .
we can chat on yahoo mikegoti1972 @ yahoo.ca
are you really looking at the big picture !
was i too soon , she seems ok with the term .
i think it depends how this cousin is related to you .
dear god thats cofusing just tell him what happoned and apologize ... ... ..
who said americans are the ones who have girlfriends ?
god did such an awsome job making women and now everyone wants one
their shape , softness , the nipple everything !
that isnt to say looks arent important .
how do you know its them ?
it was like looking at tommy lasorda .
they will usually go for the money
i do n't want to be caught .
just like me , they long to be , close to you
black men like big butts and breasts even if the woman is fat .
is ruff sex a bad thing ?
dont let him get to you .
mo money mo money mo money ...
thats the same question that i asked for years .
so your just the backup boyfriend just end the friendship your getting played
remember there is no shame in waiting .
i lost my virginity at 17 and drunk ... .
be yourself that 's what i like i guy who can just be himself .
depends what you use it for .
do n't think another thing about it , hun .
he says what when you ask him .
well you should just forget that you are doing it .
everyone reacts differently ... just have patience and be there for him .
you know for sure when you do n't doubt .
not to sound mean but why do u care ?
dont get married until your finacaly stable .
amorous < -- - i think that is how it is spelled .
and if he really loves you he or she will wait !
so go out there and live !
sometimes no strings can be fun ... just be careful & protect yourself ...
some girls are more interested in somebody with money instead of making it themselves
sounds a lot like my 10th grade year .
but they are still dating and still living together .
well does age have something to do with it ? ?
i am definitely not trying to say thay ca n't help themselves ...
probably not , but it could work ... .no probably not .
should i or should i not ?
you really should be asking why people in general cheat , not just wives .
that actually worked for me once .
no , they could have just not found the right person .
same as all women are looking for in men : security
some men prefer bigger some man smaller breasts ...
do the rings bearers walk before the flower girls ?
at first sight it might be lust .
tell a friend to ask him or her
did someone tease at school etc .
you should go watch it with your date it might be a little long though
it means a lot that people still care .
um i would just to be nice..
no ... obviously you know she has a b/f .
if he does and he lloves his little girl stay .
show her how to eat properly and encourage her each day .
i hated my life after that .
girls like lots of things silly .
find couples to hang out with !
and is my best friend for more than 1 year
if you have to ask questions like this about your relationship .
no guarantee tho , because some men never grow up .
flirt with her till she knows it .
i know i definately would want to know .
definately ur relationship is some wat different .
it is up to you to leave or stay .
be happy with each other and enjoy life .
dont make it a racial thing .
no you dont , but you will need a lawyer for each state
they might not be the crazy one look inwards
now you tell me - what does that tell you ?
just because you look it does n't mean you want to buy .
man just get over it ... you will get mates not a mate ...
let his name and location be known to the world !
no if you try your an idiot
naked pictures ... or jumping up and down naked ... both work..
so be honest..talk it out and be willin to try new things .
^ i agree lol thats funny
hit me up if you got a question i got an answer luv yah chausss
it depends are u two in a realtionship ? ? ?
and you better check her ringfinger boy !
its better but it can be more painful .
if you 're hiding stuff , you 're probably cheating .
both need to be good to go !
if he 's bigger than you and has a bad temper you should be .
i want you to know right now , that they are wrong .
love for yourself ... .all else is secondary
just curiousty , what about hilary his wife ?
cds shirts dvds an iou for a movie or something , your treat
we fight about it and he still dont care .
butt out and get a life
your the one she promised her love to .
it depends on your preferences ... : )
if you are a chick , then give lots of tongue .
ioono but i kno i dont want no unattractive ( ugly ) boyfreind
you only 'kinda like ' this guy , dont take the risk .
i masterb*te almost 10-12x a day .
always behave in ur nature and ur honesty and u 'll get them
same goes with im , do not archive your messages .
or else he will never know that you have a problem !
coz 2 stupid makes no difference
what the hell am i suppose to do ? ? ?
and so we could share it with others .
in general..white men prefer smaller women..hence the asians they like , too .
do you know about his past ?
i use myspace and xanga check out my myspace n xanga !
honestly i think you should just out and out tell him .
im always the one to attack him i want to be attacked .
but of course.. that 's just me .
it means sad ... ... ur having a sad christmas ... ..ur lonley
your thinkin about doin it , huh .
or is your family trying to save you from making a mistake ! !
but im spending almost all my time out there .
not really but if they mean it they would never do anything to hurt you
there horny people alot of thhem arent though alot of them are sexi and fun
it comes natural unless she is tryin way to hard to get your attention
you do n't mess with chics like that .
life is a one-way street , and , gee !
big , small , lopsided , perky , it dos n't matter .
you have to get past him just looking good !
a nice guy that does not care about what girls like .
i do at least three times a day
long winded way of saying : chill .
with an transplant of hear full of love .
others would find blonds , readheads or even grey hair sexy .
just put them all together n you got the perfect girl !
sometimes no means yes , and yes means no .
honey , i thought told you to wait in the truck !
their shape , softness , the nipple everything !
so technically ... the question shouldve been y r guys so stupid and slow !
so why do you guys think this happens ?
i guess i 'm going to go to hell when i die .
it really sucks actually , cuz your like damn i screwed it up .
but it does sound like cheating .
make compliments ... talk about what you are interested in ...
slap him in the face and remind him who he is
using lube will help a lot too .
it really sucks actually , cuz your like damn i screwed it up .
but it does sound like cheating .
make compliments ... talk about what you are interested in ...
using lube will help a lot too .
i told darryl but he 's willing to take me back ...
go out and meet a beautiful girl .
because there is not god in the relationship
depends who she is , cuz alot of the time its not worth it .
or how do i find out ?
these things sound like it 'll make your reunion that much sweeter !
just call her and take a chance .
you should try and use a phone .
any advice or ideas on what is going on ? ?
looks alone will not do it .
good luck buddy.. but take a long time..
they want something easy or they are sluts .
i think all in favor of females always have it on their mind ! !
but , i guess you knew that .
if u love him then no
yeah , you just have to have a lot of money !
if you want to marry him .
oct. 16 1996 , and they have 3 little girls ! !
dude you sound so wishy washy .
or is he cheating on you , or stealing money from you .
its been my experience that most men set there sights to high .
eye contact is the may key
just kiss her in front of people .
i like the medium ones : )
that person wont judge you no matter what you do .
he was 19 and she was a 29-yr-old divorcee with 3 kids !
he stood me up for two hours and its not the first time
a lot of humour and crayons .
im with bruce on this nye tends to bring out the slut in us
so , you should be happy to be so .
good thing : they listen to what you say .
with that in mind ... .go for it !
the one you truly love - > you ca n't miss that feeling .
i had a problem like that no to long ago .
maybe because birds are afraid of getting close to people ...
start being nice to her return everything that hers and keep talking to her
i 'm 11 and i would n't mind going out with 2d though hehe
i mean , am i just a booty call ?
and tell a neighbor whats going on .
take it easy for the first time .
( please exuse my spelling , i suck w/ it )
show her love during the day .
if it is ruining ur life , u should talk to her .
they suck , but so do std 's .
but ask her , not us , ok ?
it sounds harsh and hopeless but you got ta try and try again .
oh , and a guy whos cooks is great , too !
so i told his wife right after he tried .
yeah , if you 're stuck on getting with her .
therefor you love her too , do n't cha ?
find someone single and tell the cheater bye
most caucasion men do n't like fat women .
love is proof that god is with us in this dark world .
find someone single and tell the cheater bye
most caucasion men do n't like fat women .
love is proof that god is with us in this dark world .
( a video tape of you confessing your love , singing ... .
does he always seem happy to see you ?
you guys could go out as friend to like a movie or something fun .
and the gal always think the guy is infactuated towards her !
i am not so sure why i dont like it .
the real question is if he really loves you ?
i see lots of guys anytime i leave my house .
i mean if its the second date i suggest u dump him .
it 's not what you buy , but what you give .
you have to atleast be able to feel it , or even find it !
yea i think you should ask her .
when you just like someone and dont even think why because you just do ...
and nice teeth , got ta have 'em all and white !
he 's like one of the best guys ever .
who has a good head on his shoulders .
try aa if you cant get him sober get awy from him hell destory you
maybe you havent found your true love !
gosh , what does she like to do ?
im sure you will like it there .
something had to make that relationship that bad
i say you should talk to him .
and you just want to be friends .
well good luck with the ladies !
girls like lots of stuff , but you have to be more specific .
good luck and dont forget to strut !
hard to get mad at your your own team mate..lol .
we just have to except it and move on .
oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that ! ! !
i guess it all depends on your desire to find a soulmate
oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that ! ! !
i guess it all depends on your desire to find a soulmate
and ofcors , most important thing is brain ...
most women lie about how many guys they 've slept with .
jealousy mostly , but it really is his problem not yours .
but some do it because they feel they need to rule you .
being lovely from all people like how i love him
well the no is already there because you are not with him .
now go see a psychologist before i slap you .
read sex for dummies by dr. ruth !
well u could still be lovers n be friends .
if she loves you and you love her ... then no worries !
i dunno , probably because it keeps the human race alive .
either they do or they do n't .
or she 'll be surprised and responde to u .
tell your mom that you dont like her family .
because its a part of life ...
look them in the eyes and if they start to smile thay are lying
try impressing me with your other end !
even if you 're just friends with someone , go out .
if she does n't like you , it 's not personal ! !
if you guys are friends , then you can definitely send her a card .
go out with my friends and flaunt what i got .
just say do you like me or her
didnt you get hurt when you fell from heaven ... ...
i do n't think it 's too soon .
you just do n't know what their responce is going to be .
but i have never heard of reduction .
i will miss him terribly , by the way !
they fell for the wrong guy .
i wear mine on my ring finger because it means more ! ! !
sometimes it can be cemical and a easy fix .
he said oh that 's wonderful we 're going to drink champagne tonight !
have you ever seen skid marks in your own pants ?
ask him to his face ... live your life
when u see anything familiar and widespread do u 'll do it without fearing
search better ... and low your aspectations..
what can i say , i 'm a catch !
1 - should she leave him ?
cause you are other fan of the carpenters ! ! ! ! !
a women who sleeps aroud with other people even thougfh they have a bf
good luck with however you like .
do you call even your girl frinds every day ?
im not sure but i dont think its your thumb .
at 50 , a 32 year old .
... guys in their late 30s/early 40s ...
yahoo is one of them !
im pretty sure it does n't mean anything .
it 's like telling them that they ca n't go shopping on wednesdays .
not like a old maid either .
if he does then size won ` t matter .
cheap and good is the best way to go .
i know because something like that happened to me to ! !
go down on her or use your fingers softly
that is what it turns me most .
what if he asks questions ?
why would they admit they 're cheating if they 're getting away with it .
( i.e lots of hugs or geez your hands are cold .
if that does n't work he is gay
all i can say is good luck !
he wants me to be super-aggressive & it 's just not my thing .
guys do n't always think a bout sex 24/7 .
well first just go up to her and ask her how she is doing .
funny thing is i realized that the other guy i loved more .
no they go to their own instincts on what they want t odo
you do n't jump up and start yelling hey puppy come here ! .
their is no such thing as a girl friend when your a married man .
because he already loves someone else
who you are , where you from
has told us they are hot .
nice point mace , women _love_ shopping .
if he does n't want it you can always ship it to me .
i wear thongs and i wanted to know if guys like them !
guys : how long would you stick around until she does ?
if she does not bring a date have one set up for her .
( and most of us over analyze things ! )
we dont do anything fun , he keeps me in like a hermet .
talk to him and ask him what is up .
just say you are sorry for being a jerk ... ... ... ...
bite it off tonight and tell him merry christmas you bastard
big teddy bear w/real diamond earrings
well hummmmm it all depends what you are looking for
and probably sharing the same bed with him .
i 'll tell you something i was told a long time ago .
if you will like some more advice e-mail me littlecastgirl @ yahoo.com
) do it for god do not have sex reyesempire @ yahoo.com
and get back to being you .
i say get a neutral friend to ask him .
or 'lol i would n't do her ' .
get help and get it fast !
if you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed .
i say get a neutral friend to ask him .
or 'lol i would n't do her ' .
get help and get it fast !
if you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed .
they keep telling you that it 's wrong and dirty .
my hubby & i make love !
you obviously do n't , yet you 're still hanging in there .
he might feel threatened and feel as though he 'll lose u
well it sounds like you got a boyfriend that just thinks about himself
hi , i m ... ..start talking to her .
many shy guys have an easier time getting dates that ways .
start out slow and you 'll know when to speed things up .
yes you are a booty call .
all males dont cheat upon their girl friends .
if he wants nothing serious , then go where your heart tells you .
not to say other women dont .
u 'll find the right guy , there 's some1 for every1 .
but feel free to pick up the tab once in a while .
other wise , move on and find someone who really deserves you !
or they are desperate to get a guy .
if you were a guy id say.. are you crazy ?
dinner and a movie always works !
she has to be very relaxed ! ! !
i guess it all depends though ! !
so whats worse making two meals or losing your best friend
did you grow up near gay people ?
hi , this question was repeated earlier .
i think they should do something to these little fast ass girls .
i dont know y they do n't make me leave
if i want to fight i 'll get into poitics.. : d
an idea that is in your head .
and you look that good , man .
she sounds like my last girlfriend ( someone i nearly proposed to ) .
i 'm guessing your not the brightest bulb in the house ? ?
ok i have been seeing this girl for 2 months .
your time and attention ... now get offline and get to it
just admit it that you were just looking .
just make sure they never come between you !
it 's because you do n't have them .
... and that may sound harsh , but i mean it kindly .
what they have onthe outside could be very different from the inside
depends on her age and if she is a relative
if you are a guy , ask a chick .
no.but some men are really sex maniacs .
because you are not looking in the right spot
please oh please do n't listen to them .
you might have low self esteem
well yeah a lot of boys do .
dump his sorry ass and live well .
no , i like to kiss girl
u can never tell boys are really weird unless he makes it obvious
it 's definately alright with him , and he knows why .
absolutely no , would any guy find a farting lady sexy ?
huh , is plastic hot , are brainless bimbo 's hot ...
keep it up - you 're scoring huge points with her ...
it might scare her off , not wanting her life with you on here .
no it just mean there is something wrong
but i think that most wives cheat because of lonliness and lack of intimacy .
it depents if you have contiunous comunication ! ! !
do you want to hang out ?
maybe its your right ring finger .
only the nasty ones like you do
girl , i was just having the same conversation with a friend of mine .
but i would be tempted if u wear pink .
but 12 years later , im still wishin ' .
you wo n't have any pain after that .
but you might not be soft hearted like i am !
do whatever it takes , but get out of there .
and when you think your ready talk !
and if they are , those are the ones that do n't last .
try tickets to an event ( sporting , concert , etc . )
first you have to get him to admit he wants to quit .
i need answers from both sexes plz ; - )
life is always fuller when you have love .
well that may just not change .
break up , and run forest run !
2 me , not really , it just depends on wat u think
so you had a bad experience , big deal , so have i .
just a little friction just the right way , and hey we 're ready !
rob this girl from you frd
he loves you but heis best friends know whats up with him .
air supply , making love out of nothing at all
if not talking to him will help recovering process .
but remeber , the power is not in the breast but the nipple .
if he 's just friends then it 's fine .
first off , do the usual and ask their name ...
women change after sex , they get even more moody
everyone needs time on their own ...
montel had a great show about it .
a person should not rush to loose thier virginity .
if the retina moves to the right ... its an indication
we 've always liked eachother ever since we met , but in prior relationships !
initiate the foreplay ... .you deserve some o 's too !
ok not all girls are like that .
its what men tell to women to get them to the bed
u cant controll ur heart .
well do n't call him n bug him cuz he might say ur eazy !
basically speaking , we 'd do anything for the other person .
then girl make your bed rock as hard as u can ! !
its possible that you have nothing to do with this
tell her thats how guys are born .
then girl make your bed rock as hard as u can ! !
given on the family member , sorry .
its possible that you have nothing to do with this
tell her thats how guys are born .
a home boy have u ever heard of the song lovers n friends ?
he well tell you that he like 's you
it just looks like the guy has no self-confidence .
i am 13 and just wonderin
no honey , probably not on the long term .
grrrs are crazy about men , cause men r crazy about grrrs .
have you discussed it with him ?
it all depends on the person you have a crush on .
kissin another guy is really bad .
men are dogs well lots of them are not all are ! ! !
) look do n't do it god will be mad .
which was funny caus ehes a dick .
keep looking and do n't give up .
it 's not that it 's yummy , but it 's not so bad !
sure they will ! after all a hottie like u is gettin ' married
it is so not worth it !
give her some roses and chocolates and just kiss her on lips .
smell good look good and have a possitive attitude
no one is worth ruining a good relationship !
all he wants you for is sex
use your tongue , but dont over crowd the other persons mouth with it .
black and green = get him an xbox ( not 360 ) and netflix
because you have a higher sex drive then him you need sex more often .
it 's really one of the girls attractions ... ..
if that does n't work , get yourself a drug habit..lol
ps - while hes gone , wan na hang out ?
probably because he knows how men are .
i know that we 're friends and nothing more ever again .
if so , then see if she 's trustful .
and dont cover the other persons whole mouth with your lips .
usually guys who date alot have commitment issues .
take good care of you self becouse you have something realy especial .
and the best way to find out is to ask him out .
hey , i 'm looking for aliens too !
( sorry , that is the only word i could think of ) .
no one is mr. or ms. perfect .
it 's because people find joy when they 're having sex ?
guys these days just dont value respect the way they did way back when !
want a 10 point for this
if u luv him go 4 it as soon as u see him
well tell him things that actually matter .
you call him your guy friend ?
next time i would go with him .
do n't let anyone else tell you otherwise !
i knew before i ever even spoke with him .
she 'll just have to get over it .
its not bad if you like it and nobody actually gets hurt .
finally , remember that women cheat on men too !
when you are a young child you know the difference in love and hate .
but i kinda like this other guy in hawaiia .
like my mama always told me , mind ya own business .
because you have not met me yet
you probably just pick the wrong women .
only if he 's breathing really heavey .
because that 's the way love goes
only if he 's breathing really heavey .
because that 's the way love goes
plus , girls look at other guys too .
a new place will help a lot .
she grew out of it , i think .
in what year did they get married
if they think thier in love then thats how they feel.i do n't know !
you have to say wat age/grade you are .
by her charming smile which the man will never find the same
i rily like blue but why they are using them as that way
depending on the area you are in .
do n't return until you 've sold 12 pairs of shoes .
i not sure if were going to reconcile .
be careful though , she might want to just be friends .
you keep doing what you do .
i wan na come out of this .
is he hot if so heck ya if not no
best way , is to spend time with all three of you .
the 11th finger for a boy , and on your thumb for a girl .
so try to spend time realy talking with her .
with someone you love it can be very special .
he says he is in love with me .
thier very deep feelings that we ca n't control !
- having a girlfriend while hating people ?
but his girl ( my friend ) just broke up wit him .
we do not wnat to continually be hurt !
dont worry your boyfriend loves you just the way you are !
go get yourself some and find out .
good luck , you already godn'thave anything to loose .
want to hang out saturday night ? ?
stalk them back or confront them
all we need is some good dick and they can go on they way
and remeber there is the right person out the for u !
they have little other objective on earth .
ur guess is as good as mine
lololololol just tell her shes too fat to fuck
so he could be ugly but treat her like a queen .
there are so many things as to why people cheat .
we really love eachother though , what should i do ?
no , and you should not be .
b4 he gets to out of controll .
do you even wan na date exclusively ?
they badmouth others only to hide their own imperfections .
leave him , get on with it .
something u will learn when u grow up
because the way they were raise ... ... ... .
playing games is the worst thing to do when you really care about someone .
what do women really want from men ?
especially if the guy eats lots of fruits .
hey its always good to be on ur b/f buddies good side !
buddy women dont know what they want .
if you have to ask , you have n't .
when u getta girl u can show ur tru side .
but if he is sweet he gets sweet in return
old if you 're trustworthy , responsible , & mature ... 18 yrs .
if you really care about the girl then why the heck not ? ... .
i get drunk and stoned and forget abotu work .
pray and ask god what to do ?
if she 's really romantic wit you to then fine
chances are she already knows and just ca n't find the motivation .
if he love 's you he will not have sex 5 .
go out there and find yourself a fine lady .
then if shes that dumb u dont need her , even if shes hot !
it 's been very interesting and entertaining so far !
marriage can cost a lot of money ! ! ! ! !
i still regret it and wouldnt put myself in that postion again .
obviously , if my life was on mtv , id be f*ked too .
if she still does n't want to do anything ... get out now .
lol well from experience , asking gets you nowhere .
the dude is a control freak .
this place turns a lot of guys on ...
if the person rejects u just always remeber things happen for a reason .
ya i think some of my friends are jerks because they think the oppsite .
there are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking
buy him a slinky or play-doh .
kiss him on the tip of his manhood .
if he does n't return , then he was never yours .
you can tell if you really love that person open up your eyes .
talk to her with out them seeing you .
you cant say for certain he is cheating on you .
not if that 's the color you dye your hair !
get a girlfriend and move on ! ! !
you could well look like bill gates .
and yes , girls usually like it , they say !
lots of people like me at school .
maybe you could sit down with her and try to work things out .
i walked in on kim kissing another girl .
its like your asking why is life unfair ?
( ie , russians wear their wedding bands on their right ring finger )
if he takes his time you should be fine
the guys who act like jerks dont last long .
also if he cheers you up if your sad
one , and make it very pretty
if you feel it is a ploy then do n't bother .
just come out and ask them .
i 'm just hoping it 's not anywhere close to now .
good looking or not a woman looks for the heart !
stay with him then go on jerry springer .
thank u all who answer me ! ! !
anyway ... that stuff is usually good .
ok , that will be $ 8 please .
yes you will if you get connected to me
no one deserves some pinhead yelling at them .
for girls , and i am a girl , it was uncomfortable .
do n't let someone walk on you .
i wouldnt feel bad about it thought .
like dress nice or something just tell me
you 're too lazy to get out and meet ?
that just makes if worse for every one involved .
and have a couple buddies that married older woman
dont put your lifes in a situation you will regret !
what were you doing around a brothel ? ?
well , dating any races for that matter is not that important .
your ring finger on the left hand .
i hope that it helps u a lot .
if you ca n't or do n't want to report him then do n't .
why do guys lie about it ?
( trying to keep this clean here ) .
but i will tell you a little secret ...
when men have sex it 's just that sex .
because just like me , they long to be close to you
naturally , guys are more turned on by what they see .
love = opposite sex friendship - same sex ( switch if gay )
wow , what kind of women are you hanging out with ?
my friend caught him sleeping around last fall .
+ let him go , go out w/ someone in your own grade .
love makes us all do dumb thing trust me i know .
just find a girl that looks nice who you can be open with
it just seems like you are ready then .
if u do that- you 'll score big points w/ him !
stop looking for her ... she 'll find you
try telling her how you feel and bying her things
plus you love him and are with him now not the others .
like whut is they really about in life
right now you are probably feeling lust .
depends on what you call cheating ...
you will know when you find it .
i have no idea what a delmarva is ...
just tell him like it is .
so it is only 50 % fool proof .
and stay home for a little time to myself .
do you not like being gay ?
attention , alot of it is very important !
no grrr wants a guy with dandruffy , stink hair !
do n't worry , you 're not alone there ( hee hee ) .
spill it i jus did and it went great
it 's hard but hang on in there .
relaity , if it 's like men it varies .
if you want her to do more things in bed than let her know .
so no use putting an age limit etc .
the guy always thinks the gals loves him .
maybe it was only lust and not love to start with .
if she is not that close to you , a necklace would be better .
i 'm doing something wrong ... something dirty ..
find a girl who you love a lot .
ask him how its all going .
plz talke 2 me in arabick if u want thx
you might bleed a little your first time
a woman ... at least in my case ! !
once a cheat , always a cheat !
then wait for her reaction and carry on what she said
( ** ) < | dead fish ollec , the fish slayer
only he texts her just friends he says men lie
and i think , i do n't need to say why .
if you find one let me know where and if she has a sister .
do something really rude to the guy ( not to yourself )
too bad you do n't live in new england about 400 years ago ...
i just dont want my kids in a shelter .
hey my e-mail is pyro_97531 @ yahoo.com are u really gon na e-mail me
please , once you find out , tell my wife !
or are you a non-mormon trying to find others like yourself ?
relax ... oh , make sure the guy wears a condom .
play a game on yahoo games .
depends on how old you are !
but guys and girls can be friends without the sexual attraction .
i ca n't win no matter which way i turn .
us guys are dense sometimes ( well ok most of the time ) .
give him a pedicure or feed him something sexy get zane book
first , you kick him to the curb .
as often as you want , without going broke .
she said she hated me for awhile .
i got ta be the worse daughter .
ai n't nothng more then a man like then some good sex
there is no rule book when it comes to love !
love is right or wrong in life
go to your nearest military post/base !
same way u survive a cold , plenty of rest , and juice
maybe you should take some time to grow up .
it takes time to forget someone .
when you do not have to ask .
maybe he/she looks like a bird house ^_^
plz help he 20 years old
do n't use a pick up line on a woman .
i 'm gon na need more details to decide that .
if you do n't know either of them i say keep quiet .
stop and look at the situation ! !
sometimes she misses me like crazy ?
well it depends where you want the meat .
thats how im gon na break it to you .
girls love that kind of a guy .
but that is to be expected and is a good thing .
love implies respect , but if u cheat you respect neither her nor you .
be friendly keep ur mouth shut and be a strong and silent dude
if this person is a life long acquaintence then no doubt .
women are the deep dark devils of this world .
honey , not all women are like that .
he 's the word of your mouth
for guys it 's really important to look good .
yell at the dog , luv tha grrrs !
if you ask should i dump my boyfriend ?
but my x-b/f cheated on me !
cus people like to see others miserable when they are
he will never say that again .
take her to a clothes store and ask the assistant for the fatass section
tell her before he does some serious damage
do things yourself for you until he is ready .
my dad is always supportive no matter what .
we love corny stuff , so do n't worry that it 's too weird .
love is a very deep word so is hate .
how can a shy guy start making girlfriend
and willing to meet her half way !
horn dog ... my fantisy is two guys and me
i herad that green is the horny color !
elijah wood because he has amazing eye 's !
get a girlfriend and try with her .
you got to love to hate , and so on .
my sister did that a lot too .
even if you do n't believe in god you can still read it .
if u get slapped , she is not interested else urs ash .
and your girlfriend/boyfriend knows you 're that type then its not cheating ...
it is about interacting with the person u love
maybe she sobered up and realised you were ugly when she was n't drunk *wink*
... i am no longer my own but yours .
if you have to ask how do you know , youre not .
: ) actually , honesty is the best way .
thats some bull , she is getting waxed every night homeboy .
do n't ask for forgiveness , women do n't forgive .
you make your own decisions just dont worry about it
and you 'd get more agitated if they persisted .
then , you e-mail me so we can talk .
two outta three aint bad , little cuzin : - )
i have met 2 guys online and they both went down hill
he will look at you a lot .
it happens , once in a life time , twice if youre lucky .
only if you get his wife 's permission first .
if she ca n't skate , it 's even better .
heck , i do n't even think one can even spell <
so what if she does n't look like a runway model ?
maybe start walking with her daily .
people always like dreams than reality is it not ?
guy can also play with girl feelings if he is inteligent
i want a person that i can trust .
how bad does she want sex ?
oh and never make her pay the bill lol [ jk ]
when you always think that person
damn that could have bein me .
does he find ways to always touch you ?
if you are in love you know it , if not you know it .
i found true love and i hate being away from him .
as for the yahoo ad ... who cares ! ! ! ? ?
girl , you are like flour ... .i knead you .
if it does n't work out , you 're not out alot of dough .
once a cheater always a cheater
try to make it a fancy restaurant .
that is all that is out there are stupid guys .
but it doesnt have to be as great and pretty as ur dinner .
it 's like asking why do we hate .
because if a man treats me bad he can kiss well you know .
the best would be to move on ... it is n't always easy ...
if it does , i would like to know it myself !
i think that will be cool !
you got ta make a tough call .
what is it with guys and breasts ?
its better not to do it .
even saying somthing in the wrong tone .
or just send him a note on a holiday !
its like being in love with love .
you 're best and only girl friend should be your wife .
just jokingly , but that 's just me .
i think i 've seen it on t.v .
it 'll make you look like a devil worshipper or something !
and dont forget to keep eye contact !
and when u see him u will know .
just show him what u really fell be honest .
goodluck and remember it is a new year make it a good one !
i am currently waiting and im a guy .
do n't know never had ruff sex !
( work , play , education , whatever you do ) .
2-always be ready to try something new 3-spend more time together ... go on dates
i really do n't want surgery but i 'm at my wit 's end .
if you know the guy is being abusive .
having your fav icecream or candy avail is always sexy and tasty .
love is crazy ... and i love it !
a little more than a friend but with a whole lot less meaning .
( and you know what i mean ) .
never have only one girl spinning .
and it 's not like they are all that .
browse yahoo personals ... that 's where i met my husband .
because we did n't try being married
no because women do n't appriciate a man just taking care of her .
thats the different in life between men and women .
sweetie , you cant be in love with someone you do n't know .
stayed friends -thats all- for 6years .
by expressing ur 'communications ' with another 'miss ' : )
they must have someting going on !
maybe you have just bored him to death
when kissing breath hard and bit there lip gently
i dunno ... if classmates doesnt work then i dunno .
married and with a beutiful 2 year old .
this works pretty good to ( she wo n't think your player ) .
but it 's bad if you go too fast .
by now you know that chicks dig talking ... so , good luck !
( i 'm still the horny guy she married ) : - (
now once they conquared one , they move on to conquar another .
if he returns , then he 'll stay 4 ever .
even if other people feel it is wrong who cares about them ?
a bundle kisses with red rosees .
someone to insist , to come along with during my life .
what happens if you get caught ?
i have tried everything because im very sexual .
im more sexual then my husband .
ask yourself : does he look at you differently than your other guy friends ?
ur lucky that u r evn friends .
well its ur fault in the first place .
i would have to say yes ! !
love doesnt have an age minimum !
haha talk to your husband , do n't cheat .
for woman to do rather than men ! ..
i would take my wife out every other week .
( although that 's good , too ! )
i think that puts a woman in a position to receive a lot of criticism
man is jesse mccartney , and girl is britany spears ... ..
( as much as i would want my gal to be that special )
smart girls are fun to hang out with ... smart girls are sexy .
get dressed up and go to a nice place and see how he reacts .
do n't do things that you dislike just to impress a girl .
worse ... ..cause the courts would be full of couples gettin divorced ...
k..we get the fresh breath thing .
because he 's getting mad at me because i make more
you never really know whats going to happen unless you try ...
all you have to do is look !
that but i hope you good luck .
you could just smell his dick .
do n't forget , women go grey too !
not right then , but after a few days .
well , dont tell her to get over herself ! ! !
good for him , but are n't you going to be there ? ?
colors i would avoid - pinks , purples , pastels .
there got to be a lot of guys out there who woes her .
you might have to look for larger built women .
i dont really know but that sucks .
aww dang i knew i forgot to do something !
good luck ... ..i think women are smarter than that ... lol
some like it big , some like it small and some even like both .
umm maybe expensive drink for having good time
do the rings bearers walk before the flower girls ?
maybe when the children are old enough to be a ring bearer/flower girl
i hear some people play sport on weekends though .
i still love him but i dotn show it .
i told her she and he was full of it .
you should be enjoying it too !
not all men but some do .
i do n't think it stands for anything .
who told you that men do n't look for a relationship ?
if he loves you so much that wo n't matter .
some women are just that way .
depends if your a jerk to them quess .
( i , guessing thats what you had in mind ? )
so everything you listed , if you mean a glance as in lust .
do all of us a favor , though ... take this person down !
but never give a lady yellow roses-those are for your sick grandmother !
and how do i tell my viego ?
so anyways this guy tried kissing me .
is she willing to come to me ?
depending on who she is , she might like some other stuff ...
your self esteam can not be that low .
keep ur hair combed an look people in the eye .
though after a while she really needs to have a good personality .
if you are a teen ager go to a predominantly black high school .
no , unless you count what was in my thoughts .
a sad christmas.. like if you 're not with your loved ones .
rip the band-aid off , as they say .
and on the other hand a slim with over sized doesnt look impressive .
maybe he wants to cool things down a bit .
does he ever say i love you without you saying it first ?
do n't mess with things if he has a girlfriend .
but definitely call him and tell him immediately that this is bothering you !
maybe a holiday kiss would do ?
if i love her then i dont want anyone else really .
we 're not complicated ... were just beyond ur knowledge of understanding !
this man is all about himself !
you would n't want to be branded as a racist , right ?
if i love her then i dont want anyone else really .
we 're not complicated ... were just beyond ur knowledge of understanding !
this man is all about himself !
you would n't want to be branded as a racist , right ?
i know exactly what you mean about the black guys .
if you think he 's cheating he probably is .
but one thing to remember is that you get what you pay for !
you must be one hot guy .
now that song will be in my head all day ! !
im talking about that emotional bull crap .
as soon as he knocks someone up it 's over .
eat light drink a little smile and sleep then u 'll dream of this woman
if u really love her , u should stay strong .
if you are a mature person just ask him .
yeah , sorta what fallon chambers said .
haha , yea if they are pot heads : -d
if she doesnt know you then why dont you tell her who you are ?
do n't ever lose hope because they are just around .
i hope so : ) iam not that old iam only 21 .
she went off on me saying that i lied .
there 's lots of good women men just tend to over look them .
wife or child beating is repulsive and has to be dealt with .
he did n't really care for you and he finally found his way out..
im not talking about gifts here .
not if you keep looking under the couch
if a man is too big , it freakin hurts !
you have to walk into it like you have nothing to lose !
if they are mean , they might hate you forever .
just cuz they 're a guy does n't make them obsessed .
u have to roam out side u cant find any 1 sitting in ur home
and are they willing to change ...
trust me , i 've met a lot of girls off of the internet .
like when u want her to be u gf
only you can ever know what your dreams mean .
in case of guys , guys like big ( er ) breasts .
if true love existed why do so many soldiers cheat and get cheated on ?
u can buy perfume for him or u can ask him what he likes
if they like each other.no problem
make sure you are completely shaved ( no stubble ! )
do n't date dumb or evil women and you 're golden .
( you do want her married to a nice man , right ? )
it means she wants to go to a friggin movie !
ofcourse , you take care of how you look .
and actually , figured out that you really do love your man .
u can never rush or ever have 2 feel obligated 2 .
it 's ok to seperate the two .
i have no friends male or female cuz he do n't trust them .
in short it 's all about self confidence .
well short answer : i think i did obay my parents !
but lots are and if he was cheating then he 's not worth jack
that way you wont be alone in this .
yes most of the boys always have sex on thier minds .
that 's what i want in a man !
if you would then try asking him to dinner .
and on the other hand you know ur husband well .
well..you will have to ask alot of people.. and get alot of different answers ...
ok i 've struck out many times by doin ' this .
so look what i 'm doing now ? ?
i never talked about hers but she did a lot with mine .
sensitive guys have trouble approaching girls so fewer of them have girlfriends .
so what is there to be worried about ?
or maybe you need to take more baths ?
i love him but i know i desrve better .
some guys go through with it , some guys do n't .
honey , baby , sweetheart ... you are being played.. bad !
or i 'm kissing you , not him , so shut up already .
sometimes i go off just because i hear my wife getting into it .
and how you project that to girls .
classic red dresses with mango calla lillies as flowers .
but do n't overdo it , the brooding thing i mean .
it never hurts to just ask him to hang out
just depends on the dude actually
you just start hanging out , spending time together .
some ppl are worth sacrificing everything for ... others are n't .
its like he wants a no strings relationship .
where as on online u can say what ever u feel withou inhibitions .
aka : have fun with other men .
start exerising , ex 's hate to see the ones they dumped looking good .
i mean , you are not the town gossip for nothing .
your a man now and you want a woman to keep you warm .
tell someone so it does n't keep hapening ! !
you guys are bitchs , wat is so bad about her writing ?
16 for girls , 17 for boys .
white guys do n't even look at me anymore .
but everyone is different and it 's something yuo have to discuss with her .
rent her it 's cheaper on your soul !
u could call him up to c how hes doing
for a good name is foxy , that make a person feel sexy .
what is it with guys and breasts ?
good q , good ans so far .
he has to spend all his time caring for his child now .
dress nice but not sexy at first .
flirt with the cutest guy in the room
then if non of these are it sit down and talk to her .
you can buy condoms basically anywhere .
tell her friend and more then likly her friend will blab to her .
what exacly is it any way ?
because girls often do n't know what they want .
what exacly is it any way ?
because girls often do n't know what they want .
- when you get the courage to ask some girl .
now we do n't have much time .
cause they r the people with more money .
just rent a girly porn movie !
do n't believe his crap for a second .
sorry i could not help much
seemed to be interested , but how do i know ?
love is something that worths running all life after and die for ...
and he said bye and hung up .
i mean , was it an affair ( i.e .
what the hell is wrong with people ? ? ? ? ! !
take it from a chick ... i know these things
suicide yourself after askin ur wife hehe : )
in the end , is it really worth seeing things like i am ?
yeah guys are really strange are n't we ?
if you have to ask , then you are not ! !
lol , what would be wrong with that ?
3. does he truely love you for who you are ?
yeah guys are really strange are n't we ?
if you have to ask , then you are not ! !
lol , what would be wrong with that ?
3. does he truely love you for who you are ?
give yourself time to get over him and get on with your life .
i feel like i dont want to be with anyone else .
( and i say that meaning no offense . )
once a cheater , always a cheater .
well the moral issues should n't be a problem .
yes but its really whats on the inside that counts
try this have him be the house dad and you work .
i prefer blondy with a brunette redhead
thats the best thing you can do for him right now .
it 's just people , grrs & boyz .
and who knows , if you like it , try it ...
whta is the right words that i should say to this kind of man ?
but he has to make his own mistakes .
kids have a funny way of picking up on things that are going on .
men think that love = sex and some men are not comfortable with that .
i let a guy know and leave the rest up to him .
i think she 's using u for ur dick and likes women .
or is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
the website newfriends4u.com is a good start though
just be there for him and give him your support .
dont waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
get some gift for her which she really likes in her life ...
or is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
the website newfriends4u.com is a good start though
just be there for him and give him your support .
dont waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
get some gift for her which she really likes in her life ...
i 'm sure you 'll find someone more worth talking to anyway !
ask , what does the other person have that i do n't ?
you dont , they tell you they are
if u want u can mail me also
now im trying to become friends with the new kid what should i do ?
but.. thats just what guys do .
u will not be dating her .
go , hug him/her , and say ... .i love you darling .
i want him back but i dont know how to ask .
does he seemkind of controlling if he wants to do all this ? ?
if it ever happened again leave & dont look back .
could be a whole host of things !
you just know , it feels right .
we only have enough blood to work one head at a time
u should try touching her or hug her a little more ! ! !
i dont know , but i really dont like them .
i dont think so ... its really all the same
thats ok relationships fail and you get some experience for when you try again .
becaue u see ur self wise and never be mistake
yall need to sit down and really talk about it .
anywhere thats fits the mood ... want it..do it !
the woman and ex brother in-law were freinds growing up in school .
and remember to write it down this time !
my best friend is a girl .
anywhere thats fits the mood ... want it..do it !
the woman and ex brother in-law were freinds growing up in school .
and remember to write it down this time !
my best friend is a girl .
my wife is driving me crazy .
a guy wrot this it shoul make u think ... ..
just remember it takes two to play tango
not totaly committed ... meaning your having an affair ?
act supercool do not play hard to get .
there are ways around a cheating husband ; believe me i know !
i do n't know why women get with guys that treat them like crap .
tell him you like him and hope that he likes you too
my wife and i were married this month after meeting online .
try using pillows ( under her butt ) .
because they look prettier than girls when they try .
when the age difference makes the relationship illegal !
: p and im not even one of those overbaring and controling guys .
because mostly use yahoo for chat purpose .
then i do n't go back there again .
they ca n't get that if a man makes too little money .
do i diserve ur love ? ?
same difference ... ..do n't believe it , it 's bs .
forget him if he doesnt luv u .
it matters wat your lover thinks .
most likely she is n't in to you .
love is not lust but it sure does bring it on .
i would be happy to pray for you consistenly ! ! !
and last but sertanly not least has to love god !
having some control is good , but too much is bad !
if you are a guy the you are gross .
yes i think it is wrong .
i 've been in a situation like this before .
your girlfriend would be upset too if you had a girl pick you up !
because most hot girls are idiots and just do n't know it yet
my advice is to cool it and try to stay with one .
so u also doing like that to me .
personaly i would say though ... bald and proud !
sounds weird if u take it serious
now i have a very nice husband of 13 yrs ! ! ! ! !
so u also doing like that to me .
personaly i would say though ... bald and proud !
sounds weird if u take it serious
not someone else , even if ther worth it .
now i have a very nice husband of 13 yrs ! ! ! ! !
now i feel like were not friends any more .
girls want that challenge thats the same for a guy too .
then yes , we ai n't gon na get it .
now i feel like were not friends any more .
he said 6 i said an hour he said a month .
girls want that challenge thats the same for a guy too .
then yes , we ai n't gon na get it .
no you cant make anyone do anything that dont want to do
i was looking at a guy in my class .
if they come back to you it 's meant to be !
some guys do n't like people rushing them .
lots and lots and lots of hard work .
no u can not cuz its not stong enough s p r e m
( if you could , i would 've by now )
i 'm not happy , everything i try to achieve looks impossible ...
if he cheats once , he will surely cheat again .
does he talk bad about his ex ?
my boyfriend of 3 1/2 years cheated .
and i do n't mean hair and eyebrows .
a gurl should like you for being who you are .
so , thats why they cant profit from it .
doews he want to be w/ me or are these hints to back off ?
walk up to her and say hi , i 'm so and so .
you met him/her first , made friends with him/her .
oh , and do n't go crazy like anna nicole smith ; ) haha .
i soppose you care about her , don´t you .
i mean , i know youre supposed to ply them with boone 's farm .
why are u in the middle ?
oh , and do n't go crazy like anna nicole smith ; ) haha .
i soppose you care about her , don´t you .
i mean , i know youre supposed to ply them with boone 's farm .
why are u in the middle ?
i never got to tell him exactly how i felt .
not just for yourself but for the children too .
he does n't want me to go back .
and sometimes kids are want their parents to stay 2gether
you do n't know because you do n't see what 's wrong with you .
you can flirt with me anytime lol
you do n't know because you do n't see what 's wrong with you .
you can flirt with me anytime lol
till the time they feel to get rid of each other
i asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did .
movie tickets + popcorn and drinks for 2
the other person climaxes or stops too soon ?
i asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did .
if she says it 's cool , it 's cool .
he talks to me alot but i dont know what to think
men ... sex and only sex ... no room for anything else !
always be gentle , unless she likes it otherwise .
girls , like guys , want what they ca n't have .
find me with a foreign especially american girl friend .
and that is something that will never change no matter what .
i think that you should meet new guys .
last monday , she said me she was very sick .
that said , sexuality is not as ridgid as people think it is .
( even if only in their own eyes : )
liz gave you a very good answer
because the only two are gay .
well what do u want to do ?
: ) ask about his life , etc
2. then you counsult doctor for testube baby .
its so hard when you wear your heart on your sleeve .
even if this is your own mother !
good luck and i hope i helped ! !
and give him a friendly little peck on the lips .
at least 16 or possibley older ?
once again , i do not mean to offend anyone .
l need someone in my life
i think its because you can help others better than u can help yourselves .
u can love alot of ppl but u can only fall in love once
there no way to tell asking just that question .
does n't really matter what its the thought that counts
do n't try to guess her feelings .
of course , you got to do it right , you know .
keep in mind meaness is often from insecurity ...
to me i dont get it .
you can certainly forgive , but the hell if you can forget
now i am in 8th grade and he is a sophomore in hs .
i have heard dr drew on love line talk about this one a lot
and i like nice nerdy girls .
for one , props to what richard said up there .
has he ever lied to u , even about little things ?
plant a bug on his bedroom
so dont waste your time on a woman , move on to another .
hair is what makes a man sexy .
but if it really bothers you , just talk tohim
sorry is hardest word but gudbye is the very difficult
take just as much as u give
so i 'd just do whatever i want .
e-mail me iam married : ) jazmin_lucifer @ yahoo.com make sure that you ask someting
over 20 , shes was or is a professional wh***
or is he just fooling me ?
who doesnt long for physical anyway ... the key thing there is trust !
it really does n't have to be this deep , ya know !
over 20 , shes was or is a professional wh***
or is he just fooling me ?
who doesnt long for physical anyway ... the key thing there is trust !
it really does n't have to be this deep , ya know !
12 is way too young and when your 12 you might not see that .
( i 'm still in high skool ) ... ~ thanx ~
get out before you do something stupid .
my wife is 30 and i 'm 38 .
yes , although it depends he might get jelous
why dear u dont see mom dad love you
it 'll get old for her 2 .
now iam in situatation of do or die
kick his sorry you know what to the curb !
0 % it 's not cheating if its in a different zip code !
cuz not all of us are like that when we 're young .
mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 pm fantasy place to have sex ?
her intensions are not good if she is doing that .
or you could get him something that he enjoys , like some gourmet coffee ...
why is he a jerk , or why doesnt he like them ?
and if he really loved you , he would n't without good reason .
mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 pm fantasy place to have sex ?
her intensions are not good if she is doing that .
or you could get him something that he enjoys , like some gourmet coffee ...
why is he a jerk , or why doesnt he like them ?
and if he really loved you , he would n't without good reason .
honestly we love eachother but we are not compartible health wise .
you may miss the paradise you let behind you !
try u2 cds , thats what i got : )
it mean u didnt finish what u planned on with him .
honestly we love eachother but we are not compartible health wise .
you may miss the paradise you let behind you !
try u2 cds , thats what i got : )
it mean u didnt finish what u planned on with him .
it seems like if he said dont go that you wouldnt have gone .
forget that girl and get a better one .
u miss him and still have a crush on him .
but above all , love is something that keeps life going .
try yahoo personal since you are a yahoo member already .
chance is , if you belive she is , then she probably is ?
she was 23 and you were 52 when you got married .
) .almost everybody knows- dat girl is bad .
she is stil the same girl .
i just think that men and women are equals .
just be the kindest parent to the kid
it may or may not help
13 was too young for me .
just come out and say it .
dont worry some is loving u then u love this girl .
do n't you remember your own date of marriage ? ?
my heart wants too but my head says not too .
dont think you can , im sorry
i think im cute..but i 'm not out of the closet ...
why would you have to call first ?
unless the guy does n't want you to .
not all love is meant to be
and it depends on how old you are .
i like take him to whatever lookz like fun in town .
let romance take its course ... it does still work !
it hurts ... because it 's our fault , guys i mean .
and it depends on how old you are .
i like take him to whatever lookz like fun in town .
let romance take its course ... it does still work !
it hurts ... because it 's our fault , guys i mean .
and you 'll know when youre ready !
there is n't one answer to this question .
so i just do n't do it .
and you 'll know when youre ready !
there is n't one answer to this question .
so i just do n't do it .
the rhythm isnt quite right for you ?
no , if it 's not a good date , no need to kiss .
ask him to marry you - see what happens !
once a cheat , always a cheat !
try to convince her that u are not going to cheat her daughter .
check it out with you doc
the side of your personality your boys will never see
surprises never seem to work out !
i like a girl touching me .
its actually good to do that .
men should be rugged , strong men .
if you really like her alot but first you might want to check her looks
because that have n't made up their minds yet .
they do n't sleep with every guy .
if you really like her alot but first you might want to check her looks
because that have n't made up their minds yet .
they do n't sleep with every guy .
just another random person with some usefull advice
he probably wants to buy you out with money .
well i can relate to that .
go all the way but do n't blow your load on one girl .
thanks for your advice to my vacation question ! ! !
most defenitely ur not asking for too much .
they should be up by 12/16/2005
if you are my student ... um ... call me ?
you blew it with this one .
it is just nations arguing ( ? )
or your mom asks at christmas dinner .
if ur a chick and dig chicks
try to tell her what the other things that concern you about marrying him .
oh , and if you can cook .
well this is a it depends matter .
havent been there but dude its been 3 months already ...
females from other black seem to love ... huh ? ?
should i talk to him , or see if he talks to me ?
i just have to ask this , cause i have to know !
this is a frequently asked question on y !
they will then tell you !
- plus have you thought about your health ? ? ?
i like this guy at work a lot .
then do n't f**k around with someone to whom you are not married ! !
if she 's not the right girl , that should be a big clue .
then back to giving her the attention again .
must you really ask this question anyway ? ? ?
sex is for the marriage bed only !
ears , women love ears , dont know why
just tell him as soon as possible .
dont degrade yourself hes with your friend do go back for left over left overs
ask questions ..dont discuss religion..sex..or politics .
sad but true being something your not is a hard thing to keep going .
its simple they all think u r sexy and hot .
heres a secrete that men have passed oin for generation to generation .
your kids come first no matter how old they are ... .support your kids !
let the guy chase the girl .
yes.and whenevr i feel like showing love , i kiss her
... or driving you crazy not wanting sex ?
people change grl frnds.. every week !
ha.. good question ... now i know what to tell my girlfriend i want .
if he ever had his hair short ( like when you first met him ?
what should i do ive tryed every thing !
dsease because i hate to see babies suffer .
do you mean the guys you have dated ?
think about yourself first and his feelings second .
honstely it all depends on the girl .
they could not wait until they became grown .
you already have it in your head to find each persons faults and downfalls .
the kind that gets other good things going ! ! ! ! ! !
like it is a one way street .
i l ask her whats this proposal about ? ?
because some sup or vid models like average guys because they keep it real .
cmon , u will find someone that want u as ur self !
definitely take her to small claims court .
ever try talking to one to see if you like them and vice versa .
jeez ... this guy could be a fake .
well the big question that i have is do you work as well ?
your wife and her feelings or a friend ?
people do n't know because they do n't see what you see .
i dun trust and i dun sleep ... no ways ! ! !
probably because no one is there to tell them not to .
what the heck is her problem ?
and honestly , why wouldnt a guy want a young beautiful woman ?
i meet a girl on phone , we become very good friends .
then i got a loaf of bread .
u might find out later you lost the perfect one .
nice guys dont like nice girls .
the same things that unattractive women like !
i 'm 51 so it is very hard.but got ta do it .
well it is not a turn off if you have children and it is .
if they are in love and there are no showstoppers then go for it .
meaning , you got her attention so go and propose !
take her an run to the bed..lol
spank the monkey if you have to but remember .
hit it and move on your tooooo young .
try asking her what she likes .
you just go ahead be proud ... she is a pro player ... merry christmas
do you two hold a friendship ?
dont waste time thinking of ur old one
then she saw that i didnt care , so she went for it .
i just admire the womans facial beauty and her good looks
how do i make it special ?
you ever gave them a chance ?
if you find that guy you 'll be happy and it will last .
make sure u r gon na be able to understand each other
might intimidate boys , but never men .
my ex-boyfriend 's sister and i used to be really close .
yea it does on my girl
then when they are on the dance floor they feel intimadated ... ...
let time tell you weather you do or not .
give them a little bit to disipher that feeling .
whatever happend to prayer in school ?
you have n't found the right one .
first off , your kids should be your priority .
what kinds of things are you into ? ?
the same way you always have !
i said i would quit my teaching job and go too .
it all depends on the guy .
mmm ... . nice question but u didnt tell about ur charactor .
i said i would quit my teaching job and go too .
it all depends on the guy .
mmm ... . nice question but u didnt tell about ur charactor .
hrm.. why not be friends with him and just be friends .
no , he doesnt love you beyond your body .
am i going to get hurt ?
u can start with a punch line .
there is a generation gap between the 2 of you .
why wont you ask her out ?
most important thing is dont give up ! ! !
but reality is , that it would be like dating your mother .
what if the guy turns out to be a total jerk ?
so , how do i do the start ?
once more into the breech my bro !
it 's like having your cake and eating it too .
... i 'm going with one 's answer ... .vote for one vote for one
it is not always true though .
well it depends on how much you love her .
shower a gurl with all your attention.. then after a while ignore her .
and sometimes i felt like i was having chest pains !
dont act crazy or stupid , just be yourself
remember , there are no ugly women , some just are barely pretty .
for the same reason men do n't like women have male freinds .
men alway want to be right , even when wrong .
do you mean how to get a boy to like you ?
bring a red rose and go somewere that she likes
and some taste better then others .
ask her out take the risk man
if you really love her that much , ask her to marry you .
i have plenty of men friends and we hang out .
id say go with your heart.. thats the best i can do ..
ask her out take the risk man
if you really love her that much , ask her to marry you .
i have plenty of men friends and we hang out .
( ** ) < | dead fish ollec , the fish slayer
id say go with your heart.. thats the best i can do ..
i dont think not emotionally ready covers it .
my b/f is jealous , it 's funny .
my gf and i we 're together for 5 and a half yrs .
he is obviously keeping things from you .
for once in my life i wish it will change !
you could type in his / her yahoo id and search for the person .
breath a little bit deeper once in a while .
as if they dont even have to accept it .
-- ok , so you are n't my student ... but same answer .
i used to feel the same earlier ...
it depends on how the date went
you wanted equality so very much , now you 've got it .
if you dont know all ready you dont need to ! ~ ! !
go out with friends and talk .
if you 're not together .. never !
cheap-check.com they can make a different types
cuz they h8 being wrong ... thats how my bf is ... lol
if she wanted you too it was wrong .
after thoes years , u be with ur lover by understanding each other
so as not to regret anything .
i do n't really think that 6 is that common .
not if you do n't want her to be pissed !
support your daughter in whatever she decides ... and does .
wan na go see if friday night ?
i guess it comes down to what you consider love ?
thats what most of yall men think about .
that would be suprising to me !
when hes hurt or something be there for him .
here smell , do you think it stinks ? ? ?
from the looks of your picture , it would n't be hard !
that would be suprising to me !
when hes hurt or something be there for him .
here smell , do you think it stinks ? ? ?
from the looks of your picture , it would n't be hard !
some guys really dont care though .
start seeing other women.that should work for good
all gurls are n't atleast not me contact me at holagurrl411 @ yahoo.com
or is that going to make things hurt more ?
yikes ... .he is quite the mature guy is n't he ? ?
make it a bit more universal like 'no fear ' or something like that
a great name for a punk band
be yourself with a little bit of spreading ( being the best in you )
just im me with the right answer
ask yourself this-do i really love him ?
where i cant find them : (
briefs ! , i like to have the package next me
we have 3 children , a 15 yr. old and twin 3 yr. olds .
well , i am not sure exactly what a surrendered wife is ...
people always love talking about themselves even if they act like they do n't .
yeah yeah go and tel her
they could at one time have been a sl*t but have cleaned thereselves up .
enjoy your self while it last !
do the best and as a simple man , bro !
if not dont worry if you do or dont have a guy .
your are the forth who ask this question : (
or am i just to paranoid ?
guys can never go wrong w/ a woman if they give her jewlery .
women , you ca n't have it both ways .
start with heavy petting , move to cunilingus .
thats the first step , i suppose .
i love a man in boxer briefs !
most women will never ask a guy out .
you can check the yellow pages ...
right after the date or on it
not in mid mi , clare area
( guys hate it when they feel that they are being nagged at ! )
why would u want 3 g/f 's ?
yes , go talk to your doctor .
also remember that the wife is always right !
it is like losing a love one .
anyway , e-mail back when u get a chance .
disclose everything u want ... ... lets make list out here
try to go to partys and stuff he might be at .
there are lots of women out there that will be interested in you .
go at it in a church
love is not sex - that is lust .
so remember not to rush it .
you 've said it , but do you mean it ?
11 with a card sayin that she/he completes the dozen !
is two dozen twice as nice or is it just overkill ?
did you get off to it ?
he said i could be a housewife .
if deep down he 's a nice guy , it wo n't work .
stop and ask her for directions or something and just start up a conversation
if ur family does like ur girlfriend and ur girlfriend does'nt like your family .
) , her fate is already sealed .
that is a bad sign bro
love all , as if you are loving god .
get a picture first and send her yours .
if that 's their answer , they probably do n't .
especially when most people suck at it !
what is a major reason for people straying ... boredom with their partner !
nobody does , unless they 're psychic or something
i never act embarrassed / ashamed to be with him .
i do n't want any drama , i just want my dress back .
even he agrees that i m a nice , good friend of his .
if that is so.. tell her that reaching climax will not affect that .
that 's how it goes , i guess .
free to do as i please
i love this girl very much but i have no idea how to start !
then he sits around alot playing palystation 2 .
and make sure she does n't read any beauty or celebrity magazines !
does it matter if he is what you call gay ?
you cant make someone love you .
but the ring on my finger is enough .
hey and i said oh , hi , c. what 's up ? ?
i understand that and i respect him enough to not do it .
who care what they look like it is all about there personality .
then again she may have intimacy issues , i guess u 'll never know .
could the ones you are trying to dance with be hoosiers , bu chance ?
offer little gifts seldomly and tell jokes to her .
if you do n't already know , ask your mother !
then that 'd be perverted or vice-versa !
depends if you really believe in love .
plus i found out she just does n't call people back very much anyway .
go to the member directory of all of the yahoo members
but we mostly forget that and let the bird runs away .
bc they love him and do know how to get out of the marriage ?
so.. practically married , just no paperwork .
eather through note or e-mail.not unless she likes it when u ask in person .
she was scared i wouldnt like it .
single mothers ca n't leave house ... . or are too lazy
most men are interested in younger women !
wht do u have 2 do ?
but remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice .
single mothers ca n't leave house ... . or are too lazy
most men are interested in younger women !
wht do u have 2 do ?
but remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice .
pretend like you do n't know she exists .
my boyfried and i have been togeth for 6 years
just about drove my husband crazy .
i would agree with wat nichole says .
they think about how good the women looks
just dont take it to far .
never change just for a guy .
then call her and ask her if you guys can talk .
women cheat as well , not just men .
if it wasnt , u 'd just be friends .
not one of these sites that dirct you to pay porno sites .
not sitting on their butts at home , for sure ...
lol i was just kidding about last choice .
some are okay with it , others are not .
no , there is little chivalry here .
i said what ever you have to say say it now .
although i think it 'd be kinda difficult !
( if you get this message please respond .
every woman has a taste ... no matter how clean they are .
i never cheated when i was married .
find out the things she likes , spend time w/ her .
talk to her about this beforehand .
( if you get this message please respond .
every woman has a taste ... no matter how clean they are .
i never cheated when i was married .
find out the things she likes , spend time w/ her .
talk to her about this beforehand .
e-mail him and say you have a surprise for him and them do something sexual
give me a call , ok babe ?
if you find that perfect man then let me know .
do n't let your enemy discourage you !
i would like to say , honesty , but that can back fire !
but now she looks sad everyday .
but thats only for outgoing people .
believe me , you deserve much-much better !
she has to want it heself .
you can flirt with me at cold_dark_storm @ yahoo.com
where did you get that , do you know ... , nice dress..
how long ago was the breakup and what were you so jealous of ?
just do n't let them get that close .
i always thought once people were engaged they were sure !
hey there , nice to know you love the girl .
love is a feeling but feelings are not love .
love to see full big ones , pretty sexy eyes , not butch looking
or maybe hes never thought of you in that way .
i live in ohio and i dont see much chivalry either .
if u have summ thing in common use it
what would she do if her son were to really die .
he however , always quits or gets fired from one job to the next .
im not even sure how he feels about me .
get out of the house once in a while !
they were the one to cheat , remember ?
had anyone in love with 2 sister at once ?
like saying all that suppose to change the way i feel about them .
well ... i love getting new jeans and/or underwear .
being married is becoming one ... ..you have to give and take
i think he just needed someone to feel sorry for him .
make sure that you are the one .
( i am blind in one eye ) ..
you get that felling in your stomach that when you know
if he is telling you he dosent like you , suggest some time apart .
he is not interested in your .
kempie ... ..what the hell is up with the train analogy ? ?
there is know h thinking about it u just feel it .
it would be even worse if i did n't know the guy .
that other guy did n't answer the question right .
... maybe he just has a sis who hogs the phone all the time .
oh yeah , helps that i 'm a hottie !
yeah you know you are , jus go with it !
yes and no , maybe she did n't get the message ?
im only 13 ... but still ... if he didnt ?
man , there is so much porn out there ... ... must you pay ?
if you ever gave this line to a girl please tell me why !
what fancys her , what baby girl likes .
man , there is so much porn out there ... ... must you pay ?
if you ever gave this line to a girl please tell me why !
show her , tell her , draw a diagram .
coz those who r the one who helped u to come all the way .
yes , it matters more than it does for a guy .
- and 'accidentally ' bump into her .
say im sorry bla bla bla bla bla do u forgive me ?
if your not having sex it because she choose this not you .
sometimes you got ta play the game to stay ahead .
i dont get it ... youre supossed to be wrong , you know ? ..
i keep thinking she 'll be back .
and forget him , & enjoy your love .
try yahoo email search , for one .
people like and want what they ca n't have .
i buy my wife flowers every couple of weeks .
ignoring it does n't mean that they hate you .
i kissed my date on the first date .
i also have an infatuation for an elder girl .
if you have to ask , maybe it is not love
there really is some nice , single guys left out here !
do n't ask a girl out in a message .
and no- i 'm not talking about sex , either .
well , you could try asking your wife .
think of things you know he likes to do .
why wo n't she ask me out ?
disease ... because innocent people get that too .
ah leave em alone ... people learn by getting bit ... .hondo lane .
and what if it does n't work out ?
i do n't mean with war either .
if you are a chick then that is awesome to do .
what if you like this person .
ah leave em alone ... people learn by getting bit ... .hondo lane .
and what if it does n't work out ?
i do n't mean with war either .
if you are a chick then that is awesome to do .
what if you like this person .
that would be so uncool , right ?
i only have 5 and women never complain .
i 'm 27 yr old , 6ft , not white
that would be so uncool , right ?
i only have 5 and women never complain .
i 'm 27 yr old , 6ft , not white
id give em a 100 if i could !
smile and say great , fool proof .
move to a new fucking city .
i do n't want a divorce or to live without/away from my husband .
love is what makes sex great !
i dont want to get hurt either .
i no there are good people out there just be careful
mmm well when you get older you will find out : )
what you need to do is learn to trust your man .
i still like having the door opened for me and i love my feminity .
i hope you get caught on asking that question ...
im sure he would love to help !
7 years are enaugh , to understand alot of things in life .
i hope you get caught on asking that question ...
im sure he would love to help !
7 years are enaugh , to understand alot of things in life .
i just think this is fun to hear about .
why not try to seduce him ?
sounds like you should not be engaged .
like they say , if you love someone , set them free .
lets just say i wont ever forget it
hopefully she misses you as much as you miss her !
girl , i have been there done that .
more of the same stuff you probably already talked about during the date .
good luck and keep your chin up !
they even want to marry me .
if you 're not in love with her , then do n't stay .
sound like a little single time is what your in need of .
if you dont know.you havent had one and don tneed to worry about it .
just enjoy and go with the flow !
some men like to spoil their gals .
i do n't think it is 'wrong ' at all .
picking up girls is not all that different . )
she 's driving you crazy wanting sex ?
just because you hang out with a person does n't mean your dating .
if u think ur family happiness is urs .
she 's driving you crazy wanting sex ?
just because you hang out with a person does n't mean your dating .
just sit back and keep doing what you are you doing .
also can you deal with the way he spends money ?
remember its for better or worse !
i dont really know but i have the same problem
no , she 's your wife , and she should know that !
also can you deal with the way he spends money ?
remember its for better or worse !
i dont really know but i have the same problem
no , she 's your wife , and she should know that !
idk wat is ur name sweetheart ?
some guys do not like this .
try telling her hey girl you look damn slim aa
listen to ur mind followed by ur heart
god created man ` s head unlike womans- seldom it match- and iff ?
but only if u can handle whatever answer you get .
or go on a date w/ ur husband or go 2 a concert .
what is it that they 're lying about ?
maybe she just isnt into you like you are into her ... sorry
by the way why did he leave you ?
when u could decribe the love so you do n't know it .
that is kinda weird also he was being very weird around me those few days
get a penpal thats a girl thats your age !
if your still in love why would you move on ?
no to going to other girls .
( found out the hard way ... broken heart 4 12 years .
there is no us law that says they ca n't .
becuase you also have the chance of not gettig hurt and being happy
just watch their actions and listen to what and how they say things !
dont let anyone tell you different .
13 herb bath ) and get on with your life .
hehe maybe u must get warm him first : p
they just do n't want to admit they were dumb enough to get caught .
i hope this helps and best of luck to you in the future !
*in philly , i like the restaurant morimotos .
it 's so easy to marry the wrong person .
i too got married early but we did n't have kids .
do n't let yourself be hurt any more ! ! !
if he goes to a party , ask if u can go with him
no , thats true , i 've had that too .
you cant make anybody love you .
try a little trick i heard on the radio .
1st , you hafta be open with him .
this keeps happening to all of us ( guys ) all the time .
guys do n't pick up on hints as fast as women do .
well i like when girls have eye contact with me .
if so is it better to have multiply orgasms or one big orgasm ?
what did you like about it there ?
if demi can why ca n't we ... lol go for it !
if its there you will know but hold out on her a little
but that just my plug nickel 's worth .
be yourself because will like u being urself .
in general , if guys want sex , women want romance .
personally i dont like a girl to have kids .
she & i wound up dating & then we got married .
tell her exactly what you said in your question .
i am not a person for that like that u tell to ur boyfriend
if you want to talk let me know !
by the way.. he is very very very stubborn !
the one i know is loyal and i can count on .
this guy is just bringing home the drama y even bother ?
2. do the two of you have experience in solving disagreements well ?
how do you get your dog to roll over ?
why ca n't you ask her out ?
but you have to regardless of how hard it may seem .
how do you get your dog to roll over ?
why ca n't you ask her out ?
but you have to regardless of how hard it may seem .
maybe she got ate up by zombies
if you can wait then do..
ask her to get up and clean the house
the second rule - saying anything is better than saying nothing .
and i would say for you to do the same .
they act like your killing them
if you wo n't ask him why , then your wasting your time !
well , i am really out of it .
kiss them ever so softly look deeply into there eyes and smile .
but i think that i love you and i thought that you should know it..
touch her face softly with the back of your hand
be your self and talk to her , then ask her out ,
girls love a guy with confidence .
so if she is looking around the room instead of you .
i then think you are a rainbow warrior .
i want to see aishwraya rai 's toes
ask your mate..its only cheating if it would upset them .
i 'll give you a tip though .
then he with to ntice you and ! boom !
tell him to sit at home and you get a job ! !
i want to be happy in my life and not miserable every day .
they like it when you treat them like crap .
thats how it worked for me and my wife .
take a shower then talk to her !
best of luck to you ...
go up to him when you get back to school .
thats how it worked for me and my wife .
take a shower then talk to her !
best of luck to you ...
go up to him when you get back to school .
flask item # wak3060p knife # zbk1752p
one reason ( for me anyway ) it really turns guys on .
cause it 's one way of being honest to him no matter what .
and , i 'm just getting started here ... ... ... ..
hope u got a good lawyer ... lol
might be he is feeling lonely .
or a gay women thinking a man is hot ?
you left this question kinda late , did n't you ?
if you feel you need a wedding ... do it .
why you got ta be all up in my grille about my attitude ?
tell her that ur father in law will watch over her
depends who starts it ... if u did , an apoligy is nice , ..
i prefer blonde , and i do n't know why !
hi , i go to an academy and there 's a woman i like .
why arent u comfrotable with talking about sex ?
just walk up and tell him
if he is not that type of man .
tell ur mother in law that she is safer at her own house .
yes , but on the boobs/tits only ooooooooook ! ! !
a girl who is kind and honest and wants to make me happy .
why do girls dress like tom-boys ?
nope..as long as your full time job is n't looking 4 1 .
10 years ago , mine cost me $ 5,000 .
i do n't think that u should kiss at all .
tell this friend that he needs to get a backbone and ask her .
do n't linger , get in and get out .
honest men love women : those decieve them adore them
lol what the hell.. were you drunk on your wedding day ? ?
if she still isnt doing it right ... well , your call .
they , actually were jealous of my mother and i .
i actually went through this recently myself ... wow !
please do n't think all men are the same- we are n't .
then u 'll understnd the value of life .
if your wife wants more sex have her call me.ha !
yes mosdef you can get pg .
thats the kinda thing that guys do .
give him his freedom for christmas !
she 'll probably be flattered that you only want her !
move on its over post a pic and maybe we can talk
( i 'm totatlly going to get kick out again )
i 'm sure it has nothing to do with you .
ive kissed many women in my life jest go 4 it balive in yourself
how about 5 , 10 , 20 , 30 ?
or go to a foreign contry !
the cats will get fed ... do n't worry .
sorry that i ca n't help more .
well how old r u bc i might know some that does
he just wants you to be happy .
he s in my class n a good friend of mine .
then he lost his job right before we moved here !
im only a freshman and im in love .
and at the end of the school he gave me a hug ! ! !
look directly into his eyes & ask him if he is faithful to u .
did he think about you when he cheated ?
depend if you have a hot body
or take her out to spend time with her at her favorite resturant .
im coming at you from the cheaters side .
there..s no match.. r u planning to hang out with the same girl..
it is not as easy as it sounds i know that but it works .
you will know when the time is right
i think it is okay but just dont over do it ! ! !
if you do n't then someone has issues that need to work on .
it goes back to do as i say , not as i do .
i do n't really think about it .
what ever happened to spare the rod spoil the child and spankings in school ?
am i happy when i 'm with him ?
talk in a cool enviornment , afterall he is your father .
he said same thing like her .
no i never send christmas cards out
you should be pleasing her and she pleasing you .
are you able to let some things go ?
got ta agree with applejooce , just tell him
eeek ... marriage your thinking about this too much .
anything that will make me laugh all night long ...
old when i had my first kiss first real boyfriend .
i dont celebrate x mas myself ... 3 months dude xmas is over ... lol
lick her body starting with her hair till her toes
try burning a cd with his fav .
will you ever get drunk with tthem again ?
i was just wondering , am i in love ?
lots of gurls are this way .
cant put my finger on it but going to see her really scares me .
can he look into your eyes ?
i was just wondering , am i in love ?
lots of gurls are this way .
cant put my finger on it but going to see her really scares me .
can he look into your eyes ?
no , it just doesnt happen as often .
saometimes the hardest part is totally letting go !
you have to open for him the way to not be a shy
and both of them ok with it ?
and besides , i just popped a mint .
i can go on and on with reasons !
like i said , though , it 's a hard question to answer .
tell your wife before she does .
tell her youll leave her alone if she wishs .
i think that a guy should love his wife if his wife aggrees .
that it may or may not help them .
do n't hesitate just tell me i wo n't tell anyone !
a girl , i see , but i do n't know , named moonlight !
email me back with more info.mandie_mo_of_co
there is nothing more attractive than a girl who 's having fun !
no sir not wrong at all .
should i wait or should i go ( as wham sez ) ?
many women always say they want a real man ?
ask more girls til one calls you back ; )
and should i get her a gift ? ? ? ? ?
do yall not like him for right serious reasons ?
people that fit have better sex .
its happened to me like 3 times
i belive that u can only fall in love once .
you stuck the knife in your own back ... ouch
no , you 're not weird , unless you think you are ! !
do you know the way out
do the one thing that many never do .
i 'm wondering how old you are .
wwii singer from the jersey isle in britian ...
dont jump to the assumption that u will definitely get hurt .
how would he feel if you were friends with ur ex .
because a lot of men are looking for trophy wives .
if you sucess then congratulate you !
sex is very important for men also money
look for guys that are serious about thier studies .
both should be able to have friends .
as i am not married i dont know .
do n't answer just smirk and continue .
and if it is -- still no excuse to cheat on your wife .
sit down and think of it and speak up .
is it wrong for a woman to date her ex-husbands brother .
no stings muah have fun and just do it
how about a man that will take care of themselves !
ill tell you what worked for me .
the kids get hurt the worst .
( frankly , i do n't like roses all that much ! )
nothing , you broke up with him in the first place did n't you ?
if you want to ... without question - yes !
first off , you should get to know her , become her friend first .
magic 8 ball says : ask again later
for the upper answer ... a player @ 42 years ?
why do women feel as though men want to controll them back at you
she still wants a relationship with the guy , that 's pretty obvious .
you should ask youself some questions before beginning a life with someone .
cause your partner trust you that you are not deceiving him
if i do n't marry her she 'll leave me .
some just like it that way ! !
gift cards are the best way to go with anyone these days .
who 's to say , just go with whats comfortable for you
a good woman woudnt do that .
if i ask him out then i 'll pay .
all your actions have consequences no matter when or how long it has been ...
how do you love him if you barely ever talk ?
hi sweety , well not all women do but i guess most do .
is it really worth it to cheat on your wife .
think about this your are saving the best for last !
i did once just for fun .
just b/c you asked doesnt mean you do or dont .
if u love him , can talk to him about anything .
does n't the other grrr deserve a chance ?
yeah because parents like 2 screw ppl up
and if he says no , then that 's just that .
but too difficult to wait till marriage !
h e l l o : )
that 's quite impressive - 90 a day and that 's just one service !
but i assure you ... ... never stop looking .
my condolences go out to you !
when you move , keep your phone number unlisted and get a p.o .
how do you ask a boy out ?
if they belong to you , they will come back .
because if a girl chases a guy , he feels cornered .
well it depends on the guy how old is he how old you are .
words do n't mean much ... actions speak louder .
you do n't trust him again cheating is disgusting .
but , i asked , and she explained .
who knows maybe u two might go all the way ! !
give her all she wants and more ... ...
yes it 's bad ... you should be desiring each other all the time .
you wo n't know until you try
flowers or choclates and you can always get her some earrings man
wow ... thanks for the kind compliments you fine bunch of wonderful ladies !
if your a 30 yr old dude leave the kids alone !
flirting can lead to a lot of things just dont let it do that ...
if so then you are in love .
actually the average size is 5 , so it really depends on the genes .
you have nothing else to loose .
i know a girl like that , and i try to stay away from her
mtv also has an influence on girls too but hey thats their problem
then he will ask you y u r doing like this .
some things are just not meant to be .
look up their phone number in the phone book ?
whether that is worth trying , or even possible , is up to you .
u will never know if he likes u unless u ask .
dude ... it as easy as reading your letter ...
give a smile , or do something which makes her laugh at u .
i 'm sure another girl would appreciate u better !
something clicked like magic , and it was like i was in heaven !
is love truly in the air ? ?
dump the cheater & move on with that information
ok the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
heh i believe it is ... wo man ! !
i would kick both of their a** .
is love truly in the air ? ?
dump the cheater & move on with that information
ok the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
heh i believe it is ... wo man ! !
i would kick both of their a** .
think of your kids first..they dont need abuse in their home .
acutally i like cats answer , it 's prrrrrrrfect : )
think of your kids first..they dont need abuse in their home .
acutally i like cats answer , it 's prrrrrrrfect : )
about everyone some do n't even know
move on homey ... .plenty of fish in the sea ! !
noone forgets the date of the wedding !
no i always hate my sex life !
blondes ... ... ... coz they are beautiful and stupid
if you cheat , get caught , and get a divorce ?
go to the website and look up cesium chloride and oxygen drops .
believe this if he cheated and if you take him back he 'll cheat again
try oriental restaurants or karaoke bars
if i wanted a femme guy i would just date a lesbian .
if you like him then go for it
he has somthing to ask you .
type that into yahoo and read the articles .
dont break it off just yet , let her dump you .
oh and yoda say use the force .
and how do we snap out of it ?
her name is fur immer liebe samsonellen .
how could u forget look on the license
get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar .
see if he finally gets the message .
get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar .
see if he finally gets the message .
now things are really messed up .
and add a good pick up artist online resource .
how much dating did you do ?
and let 's talk some more o.k .
that even goes for a 18-year old dating an 17-year old .
is n't that wrong of her , or what ?
make sure u really want it .
sit back and peep her out .
just get it over with.and try to be sincere .
not really its usually the other person has something you do n't have
because there is no such thing
or put an azo pill in her soda to make her pee orange .
welcome to the 21st century , dave !
and the second and third from what i recall ... ..
do you love him for who he is ?
goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
worth looking for if hard to find .
are you dating younger men just to play around and they get too serious ?
but it 's not that big a deal , when you think about it .
no more than 12 no less than 5
goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
worth looking for if hard to find .
if you can get over that then your str8 .
let me know if it works .
u tell him , so you are really serious , huh ?
just because you want to get back together with him .
if you can get over that then your str8 .
let me know if it works .
u tell him , so you are really serious , huh ?
just because you want to get back together with him .
depending upon.. who is and how the date went..
yes , i think its really bad ! !
they 're everywhere , you just have to identify which is which .
well if your family is anything like mine .
what can i do for her ?
go with the flow cause maybe he is just scared to be in love .
i guess u just have to date until u find the right one .
do n't mess up a good friendship .
this will be an investment for u for future
yall just think aboout the ups and downs with it .
this will be an investment for u for future
yall just think aboout the ups and downs with it .
he is controling wants to make you think you owe him
live*laugh*love its as simple as that
its not the best situation to be in
if you like the person why not ?
ask yourself , is she worth waiting for , are you willing to wait ?
start checking out other guys , let him know how it feels .
because people get married with divorce in the back of their minds already .
first of all , do n't let him know you are thinking about leaving .
if have not already found out , make sure shes single .
but women see it different than us men .
just go up to him and asked him out .
britney spears ass or carmen electra 's mouth !
if i 'd had the choice i would say yes , without thinking twice ...
now if she is just being polite and not interested in you .
i do know one guy who met his wife that way !
i 've cheated , and been cheated on .
just look at it like this ... men expel and women retain !
u kno they could be sex addicts .
im impressed by a man who does n't try to impress me .
frankly , its not that big a deal .
if hate is amiss , it 's like a funny smell in an elevator .
i said how many do you drink .
for me it is a felling u can never put in words
you will definitely know if it happens ... its too intense not to notice .
if he looks at other girls when you are not around then , o.k .
( unless u do n't mind other guys banging your girl )
it depends on if he really really likes u or not
either u have a good figure or u r extremely beautiful .
i like a cool chick with a hot ass .
i think you are more lonely than in love .
what if he gave you something .
i 'll take the brunette please thanks
go to usa if you like an american girlfriend ...
if you have to ask , then i would say no .
cus they are bored and do n't have anything better to do ...
and if he stalks , call the police .
many , many girls ( and guys ) prefer a uncut guy .
but you must enter his full name .
why do you want to see her toes ? ?
i think you should be bold anough and ask him
i have never heard this before .
and legally you ca n't do anything about that .
cuz everybody got a freak side to them .
no cry-baby whining stuck-up prissy high-maintenance jealous back stabbing hoochie like most women are .
the limits are but u can not hold it till death i think : p
quit nagging him and get him a beer .
she needs some attention from you sweetie !
best of luck finding the right answer ! !
because they are insecure dweebs and ca n't handle a real woman .
jest look to her eye : )
best of luck finding the right answer ! !
because they are insecure dweebs and ca n't handle a real woman .
jest look to her eye : )
its in the people search section .
to an extent ... yes it does .
she refused you once ... meaning you two werent really together ?
i tell u this from experience !
if u trust him , have met his family and i just pray .
when u missed him/her when she /he is gone
nice guys sometimes are too attainable .
cheat while she is buzy cheating u
he 's looking to cheat on you .
i do n't think it is wrong .
i did n't realize how sick i am .
show her you are a nice caring guy .
like french kissing and makeing out .
small claims court ... if you got proof that they have it ?
the answer is : no , there is not a chance with him .
and have kept a freindship since her divorce .
did you try to turn around ?
let your friend do as they please .
plus it always kinda hurts when a break up doesnt affect the other party .
i have n't heard anything about them.why do n't you ask them ?
what if she is really mean/crazy ?
arcade , go cart riding , bowling , play pool
any where i perfer some where nice
because you 'll always come back to him .
or you could just talk to him !
and if she likes you to she will understand .
it might be that your wife only had cybersex but that is still sex .
i need one for a guy that i like alot .
the whole saying about ... guys mature a few yrs .
so flirt one of 'em and you will be in love .
a gravitation force which pulls u
girls never go for sensitive guys .
if u still have problems file an complaint and reverse it to them !
i certainly would n't do that to just anyone .
my husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th christmas ! !
if u still have problems file an complaint and reverse it to them !
i certainly would n't do that to just anyone .
my husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th christmas ! !
have an affair with married man .
why you are looking for free do u have some money problem ?
i jst wont waste my time .
why you are looking for free do u have some money problem ?
i jst wont waste my time .
you could just hang back and see how she handles it ...
he is most definitely a lowlife who sucks !
does the cock size really matter ?
actually i know more women than men that way .
most of the guys that like big girls a really skinny .
ignore the ones who said alcahol .
if you know he frequents a certain club or resturant , just stay away .
i like answering these kind of questions !
just as some women do , and some do n't .
not downing anybody , just trying to constructivly think here .
in a woman : long hair , nice legs & butt , small breasts .
but like i said the best advice is time .
he will not care about it .
you have my confidence good luck bro .
my question how do i go about this ?
i am a girl and i am not .
guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next .
you have my confidence good luck bro .
and kinda watch over the whole situation ...
my question how do i go about this ?
i am a girl and i am not .
guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next .
i just had sexual relations over the internet with some other random guy .
and flowers ... there must always be flowers : )
one guy was really creepy and scared me .
or use yahoo personals i am looking for a part time lover too .
but that they do not want to have children with you or marry you .
plus its just having fun with one another and pleasuring one another .
well , first off ask him if he is .
you just know if you like someone .
redheads with a fine sexy body .
i really like this girl but im too shy to tell her .
just remember a life long commiment is just that , life long .
i really like this girl but im too shy to tell her .
just remember a life long commiment is just that , life long .
head it off at the pass ?
hey dude ... wake up and smell the coffee .
go out with friends not necessarily males but females
maybe point out to him if you see someone kissing .
family in general division - ew no !
just go whatever the best that you 've had think !
and he did n't try to have sex !
i would say good just keep looking
how can i get her to love me ?
just do n't go overboard with it .
if he likes women older than him , he probably likes a mature woman .
do n't forget to use your ears .
no matter how cool and charming they are .
i first started dating at 14 !
in fact my girlfriend does it sometimes ! ! !
friends friemds or she may be someone u allready know
when did i stop doing that ?
men are hunters , women are nesters .
you know i get the same crap from my friends and family .
when you find out , you let me know
tell them that you like them .
that do u gurls look for in a guys personality attributes ?
it wont work out ... if he cheated on ya once , he will again
its because she doesnt think anybody would like her in the flesh .
sorry but your are still a child !
did he spend time with u at least on that day ?
for the same reason men do !
think about the world of problems that alone opens up .
hey , i have a crush on you .
good luck ... hope he kicks your face loose !
my big brown eyes and my boobs ... yes they 're real !
i want her back ... . and that feeling is not going away .
if he invites you to do something with him and/or his friends .
is she in love with you soldier boy ?
i saw it with my own eyes .
most people these days look at physical stuff .
women can be equally as guilty as men .
that way she can get what ever she wants .
look for signs that she likes you .
once they are mature enough though..
then smile , peck him and give him a big hug !
most girls only look for the wallet and they are idiots for doing so .
thats the only solution until you 're ready 2 move on
i would n't go back out with him for one thing .
maybe you guys could have a really strong relationship .
do n't mess with the other girl 's boyfriend .
[ whew got tired writing that last sentence . ]
you can have one with out the other .
she is 18 and she 's a big girly girl .
once ; if they are the one , you 'll know it .
its not the end of the world if it goes wrong .
ok then do you have a job ?
knowing you can spend the rest of your life devoted to that one person .
i heard raz b told that to sister to sister magazine .
oh god i m so confused please solve my questions .
do n't be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
i heard raz b told that to sister to sister magazine .
oh god i m so confused please solve my questions .
do n't be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
ok maybe that 's just me again since i like art .
durex , unless you want a sensation of a broken condom : )
always jewlery or chance by channel .
and then of course there is always the naughty christmas gift .
but then kiss him and such .
u got ta get ova that shit .
men who are best friends are friends because they trust eachother !
take a cruise you can find cheap if you book late
really give it to the salvation army
if he does n't like it-just ask him to cut it
no i heard that was a rumor .
at the moment i feel like fall in love at the first site .
# 1 rule never go back always go forward .
do you get that a lot , or am i crazy ?
what do u gurls look for in guys physical appearance ?
that statment ... .well i am still waiting .
but if not wit untill you are really ready .
use manners , so many people forget that lately !
dude as long as ur not loud and they 're asllep just do it !
but with love with eyes closed .
and before you ever get married always get tested together .
coz guys dont think twice b4 going for it ..
if the love you have found hurts then , baby it 's not love !
and the cultural and religious differences ; we wo n't even go there !
why god set my mind when i cant get him .
well it depends , especially for me .
i say this because once you cheat once you can not stop .
the more she treats me like shit the better
yeah ... .i like this one girl and i only have 2 classes with her
said he tried to kill her with it .
who cares if you kissed another girl ?
when we were kids we plkayed that game .
your gut feeling is usually always right .
yeah ... .i like this one girl and i only have 2 classes with her
said he tried to kill her with it .
who cares if you kissed another girl ?
when we were kids we plkayed that game .
your gut feeling is usually always right .
and i now that doesnt apply to all guys , but most of them !
i thnk u must give more time for ur relationship .
i went crazy and bought my boyfriend all sorts of stuff the first christmas .
hey i think either is just fine with me but i prefer bad guys .
) ; to me you 're taking a chance both ways .
is gay what your intersted in ?
or if it does n't brake up with him .
you just do n't know about it .
some men are sexier without hair .
when he feels comfortable with his gf .
ask a friend to do it for you .
no , men just think that women answer questions like that .
i had a great friendship with a 37 at the age of 18 .
try to have any details about her !
if its respectable and mutual , its a beautiful thing .
you 're 15 thats a little too old for spanking in my book .
because they want to impress them
try to have any details about her !
if its respectable and mutual , its a beautiful thing .
you 're 15 thats a little too old for spanking in my book .
because they want to impress them
he said no that means there is no womenly instinct matters .
the first love it the hardest to forget !
it did n't work out for us .
so i told him that we should be friends .
tell him though you are not a stalker you just felt like saying hi
or did she give you something .
so tell my why do guy do that ?
i guess men just get caught more .
but hey.. it 's a unique thought !
or did she give you something .
so tell my why do guy do that ?
i guess men just get caught more .
but hey.. it 's a unique thought !
porn n : creative activity ( writing or pictures or films etc . )
we 're just waiting for the catch !
man i have the same problem ! ! !
that he 's a disrespectful bastard that likes to get smacked in the face .
so i feel u need to move on and still rember your kid .
yes , but make it a coupon for a blo-job or something like that
hey , sometimes you find love where you were n't really looking for it .
if not , there 's plenty other fish in the sea baby !
someone whose not scared to cry .
to young to date or be in love !
they might be feeling the same way and want more too .
hope you find the right one .
how does this make you feel .
it has been 37years now and well ... what ever ?
if she fell in love , well , it seems hard .
i think it is wrong to cheat .
there are two ways of cheating at a modern day .
try getting a girl then taking her picture .
if you want extravagant , then $ 20,000 .
relax and if it is meant she will come to you .
( fyi : not putting civilian guys down ) good luck hun !
i guess all men need is lovin and nuttin else !
no real man waits until marriage !
do i really want to get married somewhere else ?
somebody said to just do it within 3 seconds .
( if she does n't pull away then she wants the kiss ) .
it 's how tight the you know what is .
how much you should spend depends on a few things .
so now everybodys happy but him !
my answer : ( pssst ... is it in yet ? ? )
do you not have grounds for divorce ? ? ?
just do n't get 'em mad by getting them drunk !
is there a heart to listen to or just a teenage puppy love ?
both the girl i dated and her sister are very beautiful .
get a bass boat instaed , you 'll have it next summer .
use it and get him to loose the hag .
if it doesnt stop report him to the authorities !
in relationships i find making out wonderful , then the last base !
love is something that two people share .
not weird , just do n't let security catch you !
ask him to pick u or her .
he supposely likes and we hold hands and he flirts .
then you 'll be happy and he 'll be all yea ! ! !
well that all depends on if you want your family and friends there .
and so wht if u get the girl , he 's just haten
now he is broke and pissed off all the time .
beside you marry him and your the one who really proposed .
yes go for it you love her
think long and hard , do you love him .
if thats not an option there are other sources
it depends what hes lieing about
let her know you think about her .
it seems small but it means so much !
what can i do to get her back ?
love is a thing which everone do's.we get stuck in love
1st of all- do n't marry him .
she said hes just a friend , even refers to him as her homeboy .
they need no extra reason to kiss lol happy holidays !
she did n't cherish your love like you cherish hers .
is it to make love wit somebody ?
they prefer them with back hair instead
ur girl friend had not accepted no .
maybe he thinks ya 'll can get back together .
ur girl friend had not accepted no .
maybe he thinks ya 'll can get back together .
other bitches call my house 24/7 and i have to tell them off .
you can do it but thats nasty and your kids would come out all wrong
the list is too long to name
but sometimes its not so n iam sure one can judge the best him/herself
hi kat , you have to be safe with this one .
i think now men and women cheat for various reasons .
why not say it if you are not married if you really mean it ?
your questions dont make no sense ! ! ! ! ! !
do exactly what your heart is telling you then .
if you did n't have sex with him .
grow some nuts and talk to her .
guys do n't really care too much about birthdays like women do .
although guys rarely take girls back but girls seem to take guys back .
make me feel happy and free
i do n't think you ever stop loving your ex .
lol kinda like a caveman gene .
funny cuz i have that problem but i try.it helps some though .
all its doing is asking for is trouble .
i call her my meali ' i and i am her po'okela .
ask urself these questions ... did he have the money ?
and if it does n't , just be happy being happy
if you like more things about then go for it .
* > but thats cold not giving you something for your birth day .
i 'll create one and give it up ... wait
and presto u 'll have ur love back .
if it works out , great ... if not , no loss .
because they are friends and family ?
now that all depends on what you look like
most people at my school know im gay anyway .
i feel liek i should do something .
lots of things to think about if you 're looking for life !
im 17 and shes been with me since i was 8 i think .
its illegal and the 20 year old should be put away
oh try it with the lights on !
when men talk to men they rarely lie ...
because most guys are wussies around women .
one i just never hit it off with .
without grabbing her arm or stepping to her to be rejected .
if your mother thanks its ok tell someone else.teacher , nurse at school .
buy her what you want her to have after all its the thought that counts
whiles standing infront/on the phone with her , of course ...
nothing it just makes the illegal , legal
but carry on , love and be loved !
y do they always forget important dates unlike us women
if i see a cute woman , how do i ask her out ?
i got divorced and went broke ... she did n't care ...
i have no real advice , because i ca n't do it myself .
he sounds like he likes playing mind games to get girls crazy about him .
they say it is a mans ego but a woman she is a hoe .
blah and then call only once a week ?
maybe going to the beach , somthing interesting and creative .
once again trust me it work
do n't deal anyone throwin ' curve balls at you !
unless u ca n't afford it then do n't bother ... lol .
though he was honest , it still sucks .
just be careful , a lot of guys are users .
i do n't know , your the one in love , right ?
see i broke up with this girl and then it broke my heart
well kill them with kindness has always had a funny sound to it .
but if all you get is promises after promises , watch out !
its a friend but you can have sex and its ok = )
try to listen before speaking you might miss out on somthing inportent
and if you love the girl the age doesnt matter is all about feelings ...
someone i like , attracted to , who shares my dreams !
yea it 's possible.kids sometimes do n't come out right
best of luck in your search .
i doubt einstien knows the answe to that !
yes , guys never mind girls asking them out .
if you reali like hem yes you should try to get my boyfriend back
so you should probably do it in his bed .
people are crazie bitches these days
but i do enjoy it more when i find a big guy .
to give ugly people their first kiss
if you want to have sex use your hand .
an ice cold six pack and a good game on the tube ! !
he prob wants to take it slow or become friends with benifits ?
b/c in the end you will all get burned if you dont .
you just have to wait on her , she 's out there .
ai n't that a great news !
it 's like asking why do n't women find bald men attractive .
lol you put the peepee in the vagina and hump hump hump
the same reasons that men cheat on women ... personally i wouldnt know .
try a country bar ... there are a lot of them there ...
does it matter in todays world
so she asked for the moon .
yes , but it does n't last long .
well it wouldnt be as special if you didnt write it yourself now would it
thy looking at it that way
so even though it 's not easy move on .
it means he is still heterosexual and still alive
get her something she can use with her husband .
oh my god , do you even have to ask that ?
i think most people likes to have a christmass gift
so even though it 's not easy move on .
it means he is still heterosexual and still alive
get her something she can use with her husband .
oh my god , do you even have to ask that ?
i think most people likes to have a christmass gift
just forget it and save yourself the embarrassment.. trust me .
yeah i wood probably say yes if u were nice
i finally wised up and left .
you 're not married to the guy right ?
if she gets mad she wasnt that good of a friend afterall .
then again after our third one .
open for guys and chics to answer ...
is this like love at first sight ?
your heart cheated long ago if you are kissing someone else
i appreciate n agree with above answer
other wise whatever trips your triger
shoot that was a big mistacke !
there once was a man from nantucket ... lol
the heck with that guy he is a two time loser .
if you do it online your just getting a little help .
just try to stay out of eachothers way .
unless & untill ur penis enters that gir 's vagina , u r virgin .
its depends if they are not phycho 's or stalkers .
tessa , you took the thought right out of my head !
what do they say size does matter ?
i only say i love you when i mean it .
( watch the movie walk in the cloud )
now , did i try to fight it ?
some people spend the rest of their lifes together without ever saying i love u
do n't tell her - show her .
some guy walking down the street saw it and said you are a gentleman .
nooo star wars is over rated and thats crap !
love hurts because it is real ... ..
how old are you and why do you want a wife
just act like it doesnt matter and you will be cool .
yes wait until you are married !
and definitely dont be a jerk if you dont want to be slap !
if you want to call then call .
with words comming from your mouth !
i do n't know what i am going to do either .
some will tell you to forget about him , but i no thats hard .
actually , even thinking about someone without your partner knowing is cheating .
hi , my name is < insert name here > , what 's yours ?
make him feel like he is the man !
use people-talk openers like 'do you know steve ? '
and you said i was a loser .
talking about cars , cell phones , & buddies , negative !
shown how important he thinks it all is .
tell him something like , we should n't be doing this .
i wouldnt go down on a girl thats stank .
yeah unless your related to them or they already have a girl friend
do n't even try , he will see throught it .
give it up , girl you deserve better !
under 25-30 bucks but is my favorite gift yet ... .
hey babe ping me on coolnishith2000 @ yahoo.com .
i 'll pray for you.. god bless .
and if you are , do him a favore , dump him .
get over it and do your homework !
for some , it feels like falling .
love simply flies away when hunger knocks .
take him out for pizza or play sports .
looking for a woman to date
i guess to put in just one word -- -kind .
nope the speed of air comin ' out is toooo much
i mean you can think a girl you know is hot .
we 're not best friends , but anyway ... ...
i just realized you said how , that 's good .
then ... no one else will appear in ur dream
you need to find a guy who actually cares about women ^_^ .
try it out my top 5 -- it works .
so she left me high and dry .
re you willing to fight till the end ?
you 're not cheating , you 're just outsourcing your orgasms .
you probably ca n't do it without offending him .
remember actions speak louder than words .
yes som time ilike to be alone
that was better than a man
avoid worn-out party pick ups like 'do you want another drink ? '
this is my first year ever having a guy w/ me for christmas .
sounds like he just wants to have sex with you .
my ex-girlfriend and i where alone at my house .
your father will eventually come around trust me !
when the time is right wham ... you got hit .
my mom asks for a list every year so we get something we want .
stop looking so hard and she will come to you ! !
makes you feel like you didnt matter .
dont u think we love our parents , grand parents .
just forget that you had a very bad nightmare .
tell him everything but the cheating with a friend part
yes , long as you dont have it every day ! !
yes you should stay with him maby time will fix it .
if you like her and you feel shes interested yes .
it frowns on women who just want to get freaky .
of course thats about the when i started liking people .
but it would be great to marry a girl/boy who loves u and viceversa .
if you like empty parking lots , then stick with them ,
he knew it wasnt right but he didnt want to be alone .
so i hope what i said helps !
i even do n't know if he is alive .
you just learned to french kiss .
i dont think its harmful at all .
invite her over and pop in a porno
men are individuals just as we are .
hey i wan na be your friend
i 'm sorry that guy was such a butthole , no woman deserves that !
i do n't care what anybody says , somebodys gon na lose a trailer .
tell him/her how come its over/gone .
so ask urself wut is luv .
i 'm sorry that guy was such a butthole , no woman deserves that !
i do n't care what anybody says , somebodys gon na lose a trailer .
tell him/her how come its over/gone .
so ask urself wut is luv .
if you wait too long , you will have over thought it .
the eyes , the wallet and then the ears .
but if he 's not , dump him .
it do n't need any third party applications
get hurt physically or something else ?
how do you get back at a cheater ?
me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out tho afterwards .
that along makes me not want his sorry ass .
get hurt physically or something else ?
how do you get back at a cheater ?
me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out tho afterwards .
if you whine he 'll think you 're a b**** .
depends on who you are doing it with
and ofcourse a sense of humor ... ..chocolate and wine never hurts !
and , of course , they are young men ... they want sex .
thing 's might change any moment for the good .
love is what u make it .
you just try to forget everything good , and remember everything bad .
i dont know , and trust me i have had sex before !
and how much total you have to work with .
ya if you live in alabama hahahhahah
if he gets nervouse around you and says stupid things .
take 'em to chuckie cheese or whatever 5 year-olds like now .
suppose he 's a duck hunter ... buy her some waders .
lose him , and do n't give it up .
and you know that he is a married man .
it is like you are kissing their ... ... ... ... ... ...
and i know shes been hanging out with him lately .
say somthing like hey ya want to grab somthing to eat ?
try setting her up on a blind with a guy with some morals ...
you got it all wrong , hon !
when you feel hurt , that means , you care for that person .
some people are into it and some are not .
no im one and i wouldnt .
um ... no , unless you want to go illegal .
some people are into it and some are not .
or else he is dead ... .either way , he 's gone !
no im one and i wouldnt .
feel good that you just did it ! ! !
kaely thinks you are a dork .
totally i ask for naughty things all the time : )
if it worked once why not again ?
my work here is done , toodles !
then you should get on with your life !
just give it to him straight .
be there for her in the good and bad as you always have .
or , if he does like guys , jump his bones !
family are generally a pretty good place to start ...
i think you should keep trying .
and the woman at home cat must aint good to him anymore .
lil hugs and kisses touchin thing like that .
why do u need a free girl fiend ? ? ?
let her know what you were thinking from the start .
is that what you are asking ?
im sorry i thought u were gay
or an average looking girl that actually cares about other things other than herself .
maybe try to convince him you want a lot more than just a hook-up .
all for one and one for all .
i had an ex who cheated , lied , etc .
do n't let any kids see your dirty little christmas list !
you just have to keep looking .
further u need not to tell , he himself will tell u .
hi , i am kong , some call me king .
remember there are plenty more fish in the sea ...
but if you do not mean than you should not say it .
start bangin someone else ... ... .she is most likley
now it seems like just an ordinary , everyday thing !
do you just not like him ?
do n't bother dating , just renew the marriage & make it work !
i think that u should talk to him about it .
i did once , many years ago .
no gift , thats a big mistake .
you ca n't have it both ways .
you 'll never know unless you ask .
if you really love him you wold reconize that size doesnt matter
dont worry hell come to you .
i believe that some do , some do n't .
if it doesnt make you happy why are you doing it .
if you really love him you wold reconize that size doesnt matter
dont worry hell come to you .
i believe that some do , some do n't .
if it doesnt make you happy why are you doing it .
i knew how to keep my apartment neat , did laundry , etc .
think of something he always bugs you about when your around .
beyond that , it 's freakin ' nobody 's business !
they always think the grass is greener on the other side .
what ways can u give a guy pleasure ?
would you do me the honor of bieng my wife ?
belive me , what ever you decide you can handle it ! !
like emails and stuff like that ?
if she acts like that , you probably shouldnt be friends with her .
some want it every day and some want it twice a month .
and the toucing things have really impoved .
it sounds like you love the person but feel that they dont love you .
life never turns out the way people want it too .
the love they deserved to have
when men talk to women they have to lie a lot ...
as a catholic i say after but as a hott lonly chic is say before
but , u marry ur life-partner only .
his favorite television series on dvd ?
without getting turned down and painfully .
they are n't as complex and tthe just need to get over thir ego .
what does this have to do with singles and dating ?
buy her a k & n filter charger for her car !
first ask the basic ' w ' questions : who was she ?
for the same reason that women do ... ask any lesbian !
it might not be that you are a loser at all .
u find what your not looking for .
we rnt suposed 2 meet people here ... .thats stupid
so , be honest and try your luck !
than well the rest is up to you : d
it would probably bother me if he didnt .
of course u can love a person even if you are not married .
so , be honest and try your luck !
than well the rest is up to you : d
it would probably bother me if he didnt .
of course u can love a person even if you are not married .
i got ta argue with that one .
hopefully you are n't too old or you are screwed .
first you have to get yourself busy .
show her that you took the time to make it special .
shouldnt be that hard they 're easier to spot : p
cause if there is one then it will be plenty more to come
this is you just heve to wait for her
if you are a starving artist ... do n't spend 300 dollars .
the true and honest love always win !
i want a man with confidence .
heck.. you just might find mrs .
you do not have to be married to say i love you
high school ( according to my brother ) .
it means i 'm just not that into you .
fight ur urges friends are worth more than cheap thrills .
have u gotten him anything for his bday ?
do the i do n't what to screw up with you line .
so many things to do here if you speak portugese..
have you ever asked a girl out ?
wow , did n't know i could go so long .
is there some unwritten rule about the girl never saying i love you first ?
yes it is ok to fall in love with a young single guy
even if the man is n't gay , it 's not considered cheating .
but shameless flirting never hurt anyone .
ask him if he is gay ?
you can tell him its over thats what i do
mine is doc and hers is kimber
dont feel bad , my son is 31 and still single .
get out and smell the coffee ... ..
that way , they can leave without any problem .
this one does n't care about you .
just tell her , or write her a note .
is it because , i 'm a giant gorilla and she 's a woman ?
all i can say is you know her and what she likes .
get ready for an odd little story !
it 's a fact ... i can deal with it ...
well personaly you need to pick .
if there is nothing you disagree on can you just file and be done .
well guys in a nutshell are assholes .
but if he treats you or the baby bad then i would say no !
if you hurt all the time then you need to find someone else .
and trust me ... ... .you so do n't want to mess with her !
oh mothers ... ... .. where did that come from ?
maybee you dont know what lonely means
and anyone that says they love you would never put you in harms way .
if you love the woman get married .
coz u have it in ur id catchme .
she may just like you back !
if you love the woman get married .
coz u have it in ur id catchme .
good cute body & style & their face & ec .
she may just like you back !
you just have to guess and hope for the best .
out to dinner and then go have fun and do something like bowling
sounds to me like someones being led on .
yuo ten to get peace from praying .
i do n't want her to be in my wedding .
i will know by ; the care and feeling she shows around me
is only foolish men who cheat
find out what she really wants , and be that if you can .
not unless he has no desire to talk to her .
its frusterating , but then again ... a blast ! !
tiger : do n't listen to any of them , they are all wrong .
sry , yall- this is like my 4th post .
stop wasting your time and his and just leave already .
now i just get him things he 'll have fun with .
becuz , we are trying to train you to do wut ever we want
you dont need someone there making it bad .
maybe he just likes you and is trying to fill the void ? ...
most of the nice gals are married .
i think that at that age , you are just begining to live .
ost ladies like when a guy can aker her laugh .
or something cute and simple like a teddy bear or even a poem !
most guys will get over it .
ignore him and forget about it ... .revenge is not worth it
i like clubs because they are loud and women always go in groups .
to some women i ` m in between it kinda matters it kinda doesnt matter
he cheated , how do i get rid of it ?
yes , and she became my wife .
girls do that anyway , whether they are conscious of it or not .
wait till you find the right one that you love !
and you can start a conversation .
you canalways step to him first
your perfect guy will come at the perfect time
and oh yeah , wear something short .
let the kid believe what they believe .
when she keeps flirting with you .
let the kid believe what they believe .
when women talk to women they lot a lot ...
from that it self you can tell how she is being true with you ?
that 's no reason to dump a bf.unless your a material girl .
women had self esteem by being a good mom and wife .
if still ca n't tell write him a letter .
then blurt it out like a joke .
is there something going on with them ?
its a big step especially with a shy girl .
i got ta have it all , love and everything else .
some men freak out about that much responsibility .
but there could be tons of possibilities why she is like that .
it 's just a feeling that starts in my gut kinda thing ...
perhaps your scaring guys off ... good luck to you
so i do n't know what to do .
no baby i see its free good
gvie her time to feel 'at home ' .
only you will know if he truly loves you or not
get her a gift card so you do n't have to worry about anything
true true ... it comes it goes and no one knows ...
she does n't play , but i do .
so , they had sex & the woman left him .
danceing , then go to the moves !
right , no , but is he really blowing you off ?
regarding what is wrong w/ him ... .. unknown .
but some are into big girls .
fyi ... he 's sitting behind me answering questions as we speak .
that magic only exists in fairy tails .
they seem so happy to talk among themselves and nothing else ? ? ?
i see too many women like this all the time ! !
but all in all do something different .
and some ladies wonder why there is n't a faithful guy out there .
first , if he loves it ... respect him .
wear something sexy but not slutty .
its a way way of showing love like any other way .
i still wanted to send it to him but i never got an response .
pretend that she does not exsist .
try asking him for a reason .
stainless steel set which will be useful for their day to day use .
should i tell her now , i do n't want her in it ?
you dont you each have to move on .
girls seem to pick each others b/f 's .
wat he does is his thing .
i can not go back to someone like that can i ?
he will probably cheat on you again .
i do n't trust these online poeple search companies .
i saw him naked with her .
lets kiss and find out ; )
if u look for love u never find it .
i will tell you a secret..
call me for more questions at 307 351 2765
what if you hug all your friends when you say hi ?
take a chance and do it
look her up or just look for her .
move on and get a life .
god saves the best for last
that girl is a little bit my friend .
talk to her in loving manners , but dont be too pushy .
do what ur heart tells you .
( what if kids are n't even possible ?
sex & attention -they are to young to know what they whant .
should i just try and ask a girl out at my school
ive planned only a few but my input is 7-10g 's .
pass on him some hints of ur liking .
something she will love for ever merry christmas ... ... comeing from the haert
if you love this guy , it does n't matter .
when you are mature enough to understand your own feelings
yes , he 's been cheating on you .
i know what im talking about .
so tell him and then start making a list .
no , but i would be-friend them !
and that your friends are only friends !
i hate the short hair for girls .
your own hand , or your sock ? )
i dont think men should hit women at all .
why not stay home and talk !
if you hurt someone like that then you dont love them .
it is if you ca n't tell your girl friend/wife about it .
well there are probably websites for that.. they are plenty of single woman though .
who know he may doing something nice to you ?
get a life and do your school work
buy a red cheek poweder to increase shyness cuz shy girls are amazing
do n't bother getting too upset with this .
it depends on if you ever plan on meeting
come on ... ..everybody has at least one insane one .
it 's not that guys do n't want to help .
let him know what you feel .
chances are he will be back
the wallet is a plus though = )
send the kids with your spouse .
or anything else for that matter ?
of course you do n't want to pay .
man , am i the only one to do this .
that 's not horrible , it 's just practical .
just think of it as a boob trifecta .
or is it just a thing to u ?
girls do n't want a guy that they can run over .
i 'm thick and i 've never had a problem .
23 is very young and you have a lot of growing up to do .
ca n't go wrong w/ a single rose
well did you boink the guy or what ?
see it for what it is .
i sounded just like you not too long ago .
tell your girl i bet she will think so too . !
does it mean to trust care and respect somebody ?
he 's an ex because he 's an ex ... no more !
if i cheat on my boyfriend because he never puts out ?
probably he likes you but something is holding him back .
hope that helps , rock her world for me bro .
as for those that don't.. it 's their loss : )
well mainly it is just him .
if your asking that question than you are gay ! ! ! !
because they might like you and dont want you to know things .
do anyone know what i should do ?
people at school think i am a nerd
until one comes along and they start beggin and pleading .
tell him that you do n't want him to do that anymore .
is this the kid of relationship you want from a boyfriend .
you dony hsve to move to africa , they are everywhere .
pick one up and give it a try !
raising kids as a gay is wrong and immoral period !
good luck with the boyfriend & happy holidays .
why not he just might be mr .
y bother in the first place..
i guess the only consolation to that is honesty .
us women are no so complex creatures really ... . good luck !
if he says no and you believe him , then there you go .
how can i forget it all in my mind ?
why do n't you just ask her and then go from there .
give her a nice and simple gift she 'll love it
if your love hurts ... let it go .
we men are insecure ... repeat after me .
move on , , if she wanted to find you she would have ...
just be charmin and sweet girls like that
if they are just friends , he will tell her what you said .
? ... .gee , if it 's his , he 'll know..lol
what 's so funny is he 's 20yrs .
stupid question , try writing it better .
he just want to use you whenever .
i like to think they will understand and protect you .
so plz take right step and gv deep thinking to take any decision .
did n't you promise to love honor , etc .
if you do not mean it do not say it .
tell me how things go .
if you have to ask , she probably is .
there 's nothing really bad flirting to a guy .
i did not like kissing men or haveing sex with them .
i 'm a guy ... and teh poems i like most are limerick poems ...
i pick it up and just stare at it .
never do a movie on a first date .
( that 's even more modern in thinking ) .
one day they want space and the next day they want a relationship !
but identifying it is a whole different matter
choose one from ur neighbours house man an denjoy ur holiday with her .
but most women prefer it to be just them two .
dont waste your life over one girl ! !
shit i would date them both .
think about it..but before it- smile please ! ! ! !
look around , grab whatever tickles your fancy and have a ball .
yr going to be with 1000 cats and rats if dont stop it
because they think that there is something that they are missing .
ya got to love getting older .
you deserve someone that will only look and want you .
but if not you should probably talk to a grandparent or great friend .
i want to be your friend
just dont show that u like him .
just do n't let him pressure you into stuff you do not want .
of course i would date outside my race.everybody needs lovin no matter what
i want a fat and hairy obese woman that belittles me im public .
do u hang with your friends ?
do the household chore she hates most !
do n't let him and he wo n't .
say hey momacta let me hit that
take what you can from it .
till then , you hang in there !
it is all in your hand
it 's not a good thing to date your ex 's sibling !
it depends if she likes you too
if you guys are okay with the religious difference , then marry .
i am not this way , but my husband is .
some men are just stuiped like that
but lil mamma it is doable .
just spend some time hanging out .
just accept him and be friends .
ya do what you want it is your life
it 's ok to be afraid , but do n't let that stop you !
just accept him and be friends .
ya do what you want it is your life
it 's ok to be afraid , but do n't let that stop you !
it depends if you love him or not .
now think whether it could happen with your ex ...
feed that person that should keep them quiet for a while
; ) that should shut them up .
i love sleeping with me wife .
if you have to ask yourself that question , then there 's a good chance
i love him so much and do n't want the flame to die .
becuz they had it with someone else b4
but just remember , it does matter
tell me if u found an answer
i think that age aint noting but a number .
i have a feeling shes seeing another guy but i 'm nt sure .
but this is only my opnion okay..
i look to see what keeps her going from day to day .
give them a hint or flirt a little then tell that u like him/her
no your not a bad person you just have needs .
i wish i was that lucky
then you need to set a budget .
yeah , good thing i like twilight zone music
if he is not worth it .
and he wo n't already have a mrs. right .
because men lie just because they think they can get away whit it .
best advice is just not to ask guys out .
i do n't think its true that lesbians hate men .
i agree , there is good and bad ... just get to know them .
it gets more detailed but this is just an overveiw of it .
give it to me if you dont know what to do with it .
my friend wants to know ( maybe that friend of mine is me ... )
i 'm in one now and straight loving it !
then i toned it back a bit .
no that 's hot ... what 's up sexy ?
a person only has one sould mate , one true love .
because there is no one good enough for a true nice guy
go pink girly girls love pink , and butterflies .
slap a libel suit on her ass
i think u got the question wrong .
what the hell you talkin about
we are not the same as even a few generations back .
but do n't waste tons of time doing it .
because they are from two different planets !
what the hell you talkin about
we are not the same as even a few generations back .
but do n't waste tons of time doing it .
because they are from two different planets !
fox theater jan. 1 2006 playing ?
you should let it go and be friends justlike she sayd .
if you 're so interested , why do n't you ask him out ?
if not you will loose both .
u should buy her a underwear ! ! ! ! !
when they ask me why dont i get married i just say what for ?
too bad you do n't have an avatar .
do n't worry though , there are people out there who do n't cheat .
no offense but she doesnt sound too interested .
there 's also this : guys just do n't like bushy privates .
i hope kaely lykins likes me ! !
yea cause cause i have 2 home girl and we r
no offense but she doesnt sound too interested .
there 's also this : guys just do n't like bushy privates .
like mouth , just lips , just tounge , etc .
i hope kaely lykins likes me ! !
yea cause cause i have 2 home girl and we r
if they are single , they probably want to stay that way .
i do n't understand why some girls like those guys at all .
get a puppy , or watch the american pie movies .
but my friend playa to playa if you get caught up in the mix .
( at least that 's what it sounds like )
so , why would we only love one man or woman ?
try to get everyone to care
i dont have any boyfriend so ca n't tell u anything .
but secretly they were still going out and i didnt know .
this is my most embarrasing moment leave comments plz .
if that does n't work then just ask her .
there is no amount on love .
why so quick to throw away another marriage ?
i would also add ... a kiss !
set a date ... . and go from there
she is a sick woman and shame on her sorry
i hope one day there wo n't be a need to ask this question !
dam how do you not know that ?
why hell no.. he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
she is a sick woman and shame on her sorry
i hope one day there wo n't be a need to ask this question !
dam how do you not know that ?
why hell no.. he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
nope dont think all men cheat .
i think that you could go to the movies .
so explain if you want advice please ; )
if you would n't marry them ... do n't date them
coz it very easy to say but difficult to stay on words .
so there is only the girl who wants things differently .
ye love can be at first sight
how you r treating and trust your girl friend ?
you call but she does not pick up .
guess what , i lost my incentive to do these things .
and also about playing with gadgets .
and dont act like a stereotypical floozy .
figure out how much money you will have total .
if they say no , that 's it .
nothing gets a girl going like horsepower ... at least it works for me !
why do n't women like short guys ?
i dont know what to do
it is online dating , not line dating ...
if a casual friend is asking they are just making conversation .
yep and there is nothing there..just this empty space between your ears
you do n't need much to turn a guy on ... we are always on
dont let your relationship go bad .
... . because i can see my self in them .
but i do believe in love at first sight.it happens rarely .
if they ask , i would recommend saying , oh , you !
and she still shoul n't mess around she should just leave ya ! ! !
if you like this guy , go out with him .
so stop sweating and start laughing cause is sure can be funny at times .
sweet talk and get them drunk
i know i liked women from a young age .
dont ruin someones life for your own gain !
i really could just use some advice ...
sweet talk and get them drunk
i know i liked women from a young age .
dont ruin someones life for your own gain !
i really could just use some advice ...
dress conservativly , but still make yourself look good .
i mean how can emotions create pain ?
because they watch too much mtv ... : p
he should trust you enough that you only love him ! !
can you send me your answers to timitimika @ yahoo.com ?
yahoo personals is good , so is match.com
and i find thick girls very sexy.sexyness comes from personality and sharm .
well not everybody is the same there still people around with moral
if you both think it is ok then it is ok .
so she obviously does not care if you get sick or not .
when i first married i was almost 31 .
being a virgin is n't as bad as many people think it is .
cheap= linens and things has great gifts !
that is what you call a dumb ass ! ! !
if he cheats once , he will cheat again .
it is the invidibel ( it is in the blood )
be cautious if you have a hard time getting away from somebody .
honey ! you kiss just like your mother : -0
if the men is a good person he will take u and kids together .
my little brother justed turned 21 , so i hope this helps .
no , you need to get a new boyfriend
i beleive in lust and yearning at first sight .
-what do i not like about him ?
if you guys hang out after that , that means he likes you .
internet , street corners , house of ill repute , high school/college , mall
sports bar during any major event
do not appear to just be nice to get her back .
a : it is ok and even advised .
what i feel is dat my man need to stop trating me bad .
sure , if you are in a relationship , why not ?
that what is to be in love
if you have crushes on guys and girls = bi .
i guess it kinda depends on the kiss to .
if you 're a gentleman all the time she may not feel attractive .
keep dreaming and she will be there
who cares what they are up to ?
umm do you own a toothbrush
it seems you guys have good chemistry..online .
my favorite is west coast swing .
if you have faith .open your eyes and heart he may be already there .
man u and show him that u ai n't gon na take his shit .
theres the pipe dream mind games .
if you know how i can inprove please let me know !
well does n't that nake some men hoes also ?
it feels like he is flirting .
open ur eyes you see beautiful world out is there for u
get over her , sry but u cant make some one love you
had to have dropped by at least 50pts .
call him and try to get him back
or take a trip down there .
think your name says it all .
but give me credit for trying .
ok this guy that i know likes making other people cry .
sometimes ya got ta be a jerk in life to get what you want .
it came with a price - - my brokenheart !
i used to be that way because i did n't trust my partner .
) , and sit down and have a nice heart to heart .
what do girls really want in a guy ?
if that seems to impersonal ask .
look up everything you need to know at the links below
hand bag , makeup , shoes or anything that she really dream about it .
there are lots of great guys out there .
it is just not your time to shine .
love isnt hard to find , its just hard to accept .
have your family look and ask .
life 's too short to wonder and have regrets later !
i do n't skinny girls ; i prefer bbws .
eventually your dad will get over it
you should tell him that he is a disgrace to men !
men do it all the time girl .
but that 's just my two cents !
how do you really know when you love someone ?
men do it all the time girl .
but that 's just my two cents !
how do you really know when you love someone ?
you could ask any questions you like , if you know the girl .
nuttin wrong with shaving.. but the snake thing has got to hurt !
and by the way sex is not always penetration ! !
doing it sideways is also good b/c the d*ck really gets in there .
anywhere ... you dont have to specify that you are a xtian ...
just got ta love all those walking contradictions out there .
we are best friend and love every minute that we spend together .
you deserve better , dont you think ?
not at all it 's all about who you fall in love with : )
u can let him talk to u when he feels that u want that
just be best friends with her daddy .
give it time , if she is truly using him he 'll find out .
tell your new girls about her b4 any thing goes beyond a first date .
you said your shy use it to your advantage .
would he get mad a you ?
do this out in a nice public resutrant do n't ever become desprate .
what a jerko , buy him socks and underware , the cheap ones too
nothing he was there before you he 'll be there after you .
never in my life have i felt like i do now .
make you stronger or destory you ? ?
go on you know you want to
plus , it may be him that 's doing the blushing !
then you can go for it .
they say it , but they do n't .
geocities through yahoo lets or used to let you make a website for free .
what kind of sick lover do you have .
and she will not stop pushing herself at me .
if you act fake we 'll know .
but fidgeting and looking down and away is usualy a sign of lying .
you learn to deal with him , if you love him .
call her and talk about your day that works !
so it is quite important that u shud b comfortable with urself .
no , love died with the souls of the meek
i made a mistake is no excuse .
just go up to them we do n't beat if you treat us right
but if you really want to be happy ignorance is bliss
if you like her then yes .
it depends on both of you !
ps i 'm a single guy normal looking guy .
not nasty , but it can be messy !
it depends on both of you !
ps i 'm a single guy normal looking guy .
not nasty , but it can be messy !
okay -- this is without a doubt the wackiest response i have ever posted .
also you might want to get to know him as a friend .
messy , and she can get a nasty infection from it
smile and do n't do anything stupid .
believe me hon , there are plently of ugly and mean gay guys too .
i like her a lot too what do i do ?
just tell him you like him .
ignore the ones who only think about having sex with you .
now i 'm with someone and have been for almost a year now .
because the the left hand goes to your heart
than make love and one 's more say i love you
love always hurts and it never makes itself easy to understand !
because many guys dont have feelings to cover up ?
because they figured out how easy we are ...
i do n't so much just making eye contact or simply flirting..
nope what if she finds out your cheating
guys try to emulate their dads .
cause a real man does n't need sex , he needs a friend .
they just never will until they loose you .
you can always try again once you desided hes done w/ his games .
tell her you have a girlfriend already
there is nothing we do for fun .
i guess you got your answer ; )
oh yes , he is too old for you .
sounds like you got your hand in your pants bro .
or if thats hard to leave and come back to him later .
start off with how was ur day at work .
if you dont like wear it in right hand .
dont forget the bedroom ... keep the work up in there !
as for the answer , who cares ! ! !
no arguements , no ego clash- please !
most beautiful - aishwarya rai most sexiest - penelope cruz
this pain is so much i ca n't take this anymore .
everywhere i go , girls keep coming on to me .
oh i would definitely rat her out .
get smart with them , walk right up and say can i help you ?
here in canada we have a magizine ( among many ) called match .
its just lust at first sight .
best of luck finding your best answer , ice princess
or he may not be interested in you
because it is closet to the heart
sometimes men are weird like that .
is it really necessary when you hear the tunes of pleasure
a fat wallet asnd a large **** ... ..good luck
i can give it up by sharing it with him/her
if it 's that bad then get out .
it really just depends on what both of you are looking for !
just find someone right for you .
then he 'll play until he goes to bed .
how do i add people i meet in yahoo to my yahoo buddy list
im a women i know , thats a fucking dumb question
this doesnt mean you cant be friends just that your not dating .
big boobs of coures trust me i have them and they r great .
there is one better than the other , its all in what u want .
nope it is not wrong so lomg as u both love each other
you got ta actually care about em .
big boobs of coures trust me i have them and they r great .
there is one better than the other , its all in what u want .
nope it is not wrong so lomg as u both love each other
and if you dont write mails better write mails .
you got ta actually care about em .
but it does not mean the first glance and fall in love .
just be careful and alert in life .
leave ur teeth alone.. just dont forget to clean , floss and brush daily .
you do n't , you let her find you .
who ever said you have to love only one person .
a special girl which is your friend is a girl friend
because , no-one wants to hear 'no '
oh , no no no ... stay where you are ...
being it for sex or love ...
you like each other , so why not ?
hell yeah rat on that hoe .
males are never too old for females as long as they are legal
become a groupie for a biker gang .
if he wo n't - then do n't bother .
and if they do , do n't believe it - its crap..
you know , women have a mind of their own .
if uz a lady , send me a pic .
i do because they take care of me .
and me and my guy have already been there three times !
guys can get away with it - that 's the answer .
playful , who is not affraid to show his feelings to me .
once a cheater , always a cheater .
a basketball game , class assignment , some crazy rumor .
does the age of a man matter to any age female ?
eating , sleeping , watching football , talking to friends ... .
you wo n't respect yourself later and he probably wo n't either .
but hopefully you are friends or dating already .
yea he is a sick perv and she doesnt know any better
or just wash your p_ssy because it probably stinks .
understand his point of view then count till million then u can take decision
what can and should i do ?
it sounds like you are lonely .
how old are you and where do you live ?
also if you ask him out your paying for your date .
it sounds like you are lonely .
how old are you and where do you live ?
also if you ask him out your paying for your date .
busy in work more n more and enjoying life .
when she says you have changed what does she mean ! ! !
why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring ?
it depends , probably earlier if their parents wouldnt disown them for it
why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring ?
it depends , probably earlier if their parents wouldnt disown them for it
white with bow already at the top for like $ 10-15 bucks !
and that is the truth ... no kidding !
too macho ... but only coz some men try to conform
but this sounds like it is better to move on .
i would say 14 or 15 and +
not asking just tempting to see if he goes for the bait .
what present that suitable to gv to her ? any idea ?
age is just a number unless its a crime .
i am working on the same problem .
talk to you about what , the weather ?
first ask her i like you and wait for answer ! ! ! !
that & getting on with your life ...
mine did it behind my back a lot..it just started a ton of fights .
but somehow they always end up thinking you really like them .
that & getting on with your life ...
mine did it behind my back a lot..it just started a ton of fights .
but somehow they always end up thinking you really like them .
2 wrongs do n't make a right !
if less than 5 , it might not be that bad .
not that i know of ... .try classmates.com or google their name .
( nothing sexual tho ) and if he goes for it .
just say hi you look formilyor
if she 's simple make it simple ... it 's about her .
go on yahoo chat or go to skate parks etc
you do n't have to do anything you do n't want to .
: ) after that , i would leave it alone .
mabbe she likes 2 c u wen u r angry !
then you 've got a bit of a problem !
maybe because they are not worn on the right !
on yahoo search type find people
i m not getting why u ask such question .
and that is what marrige is supposed to be duh !
but if you want a fake percentage it is 43.795684 %
i have windows xp and i had windows98 on my old computer .
yes a boy friend is a boyfriend !
you 'll know right away if this is gon na click .
staring at how big of humps in guys pants
explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
using you as a rebound but not even getting there .
maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into .
you 'll know right away if this is gon na click .
explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into .
what were you doing before you got married ?
maybe he 's doing it on purpose just to make u jealous !
there really isnt anything that you can do except move on
2 inches is n't enough to get the job done .
i hope this answers your question
beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster !
only if you become his new momma .
they just want to hit it
shut up u stupid bitch why do you think .
beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster !
only if you become his new momma .
they just want to hit it
shut up u stupid bitch why do you think .
yes sex is love because you can then show you fellings
is she the right one or bad one ?
if thats so try the phone book .
good natured are the best , nothing else matters for me
ive confronted her , told teachers and all that stuff but she wont stop !
by some really killer shoes ... trust me , it helps .
just tell he what u feel .
see if he likes it or not .
the person that is always there for you no matter what .
we do this so u will give it to us more .
i lost mine at 12 and it 's a bit young ...
any of the dating sites , yahoo , match , cupid , etc .
well i am an expert at this !
only if you are good at mouth sex and will agree to back door sex
i know that @ least most guys get turned on with girl/girl action .
i really feel like this was a big mistake for her .
or is it who he is ?
if you do n't feel the same way , you just do n't .
975 n aviation blvd , 310 318-5959
looks matter ; get used to it .
wont you get nervous making one of the greatest decisions in your life ?
lick dammit ... more and more lick .
now , i feel sick , because this feel like a really bad movie .
6 : can i be your boyfriend ?
you should have to tell her !
is looking him up on the internet to much ?
somebody i can trust and who trusts me , like best friends .
ask things that are conversational not just yes and no 's ... good luck
believe me it 's not worth it !
if you have n't experienced one you are missing out !
if you mean do i beleve in fate .
it 's good that you look around you .
it does matter , well it cant be tooo small ya know
making any ones life a hell on earth is just not worth the energy .
this may seem stupid but it worked for me .
it is not just a guy thing .
id say its because the guy would receive twice the loving .
this may seem stupid but it worked for me .
it is not just a guy thing .
id say its because the guy would receive twice the loving .
but keep in mind your robbing him of the bacholer party .
if he just wants to be friends keep the relationship on a friends level .
then just build off whatever she says .
depends are there childern envolved is ex still going to be around ?
why not try to spice it up with him .
if i were u i would move out .
so you are an ahole for not making her feel loved .
how about with the city of troy ?
why not try to spice it up with him .
if i were u i would move out .
so you are an ahole for not making her feel loved .
how about with the city of troy ?
just after it and thats it .
you better try your f % & $ ing danmdest ! ! !
try something new and if that dont work cheat on him
we are getting married next year !
its the same thing with my friend and i .
if u love him he will love you with all his heart
not only should you try and date her ! ! !
guys , just read this book ... ... do it
hey will you go out with me ! ! ! ! ! !
ab - so - lutely !
if u love him he will love you with all his heart
not only should you try and date her ! ! !
guys , just read this book ... ... do it
hey will you go out with me ! ! ! ! ! !
depends on if it 's jail bait or not .
since when is it ok for anyone to cheat ?
theres to many material things out there to buy .
how i can get her to really have a good time in sex .
well of cource it 's ok if you love them .
i want a good girl , you want a good guy .
so if you give cash give $ 75 or $ 100 .
you need to bang her , screw him , itll be worth it ...
i love him a lot yet question if i am in love with him .
all above only in the first meet then step by step u can increase
nice guys are n't always super good looking , or gay !
and exactly what is ghetto to you !
not quite sure , but neways ... .it is
nah ... you just need a girlfriend .
so i would advice you to stick with those that write you .
if she 's not impressed then she 's probably not right for you anyway .
you need a girl to help ya and im one .
do n't worry about it first off .
right he needs a friend not a lover .
well get her something you know she will like .
it means he doesnt like you
if he likes you he 'll work with your circumstances ...
you 'll find it was worth the wait .
i bet there is not any gift better than love
i dont know anywhere to go other than the movies !
the queen of the damned soundtrack
what the heck do you mean by that ?
( if she is in a relationship , stop .
they say how much money you have and such .
and he could be a kid thats 15 years old with a deep voice .
sure.why not ? if they are of same mental appraoch towarsd life
he saw a surround sound yeaterday and it was like $ 100 bucks .
day bay day u will get feelings
wants to sleep with you or maybe she doesnt
the same thing happens to me .
if she says that she 's bad ask her what 's wrong .
just go up and ask her .
guy cheats on girl to get what other girl has .
tell her to take a hike .
you dump him and he comes backthen keep him .
you need to find new friends buddy ...
after you give brith to a child you love it .
before all that buy a a few condoms .
he told her he love her and he wants more then friends .
it probly looks better ( i dont spell check )
most likely , he will only dump you again
that seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully .
most likely , he will only dump you again
that seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully .
girl i 'm in the same boat .
i want u ; ) my mail is hussienothman @ hotmail.com add me
not unless you really start having a intrest in the guy/girl !
show her your real self and never lie .
there is no time to waste with people who do not care about you .
if it is the truth , then reveal it !
let him go and do both of you a favor .
uuum whisper in his ear ... it depends on who the guy is .
you know they say you got have friends before lovers maye it a good thing
ask him to use his credit cards..
more you look ; less mistakes you make .
if not , do not change yourself for her !
if she likes you it is just fine
like you would approach a friend you already know .
they are probably thinking of pornstars anyway !
when he said just kidding he really meant do n't get mad
love is just a funny thing sometimes .
your funny and good looking , right ?
can you please clarify - why is it harder ?
if she says its just not then let it end at that .
you just have to find them .
just keep looking till something clicks .
well i say just ignore them and do what you want .
.. you 'll find out after .. happy hunting : )
i dont know i m virgin .
i do n't want someone that may kill over the next day .
beware of the prison hook ups .
at least not with any girls that i respect .
if he still makes up excuses .
dont delay - because there may be others waiting !
ask your mind then your heart
there and many fish in the ocen
does he want me back or does he just hate me that much ?
may b they do but there scared 2 talk 2 u just b urself
and what kind of 'best friend ' would use you like that ?
oh , and myspace.com is a free one
you cant love somebody you dont know .
do n't get married again wait like 5 years .
if things go well , ( you will know ) .
he can get in really bad trouble .
actually , 3 hours would not even be enough for me .
ll and his lips ... ..now that 's a man !
ask her to see your husbands baby pictures and learn about the family .
you ca n't make him , he has to want to .
send a pic ... show urself up ... talk to him
if you just love him because you want an older man , yes .
you have to really work past it if you love the person .
well if your on tv or movies i will love you forever
men who cheat do not love their wives .
sounds like to me you got a little situation here .
if you want a dumbed-down version ...
2 parents are better than 1 , no matter what anybody says .
do n't beat yourself up over it if its not meant to be .
get out go date , enjoy ya life have fun !
buy a strap on , not as good but hey .
no cheating is cheating much like rape is rape .
i 'm lookin for the answer myself
just wait and see - not bother much .
i like this girl from church .
what the hell should i do now ?
if you have to ask then chances are it is probably just a game .
well , you can be nice to her to start with .
just wait and see - not bother much .
i like this girl from church .
what the hell should i do now ?
if you have to ask then chances are it is probably just a game .
well , you can be nice to her to start with .
actually , ask him what he likes and go from there !
you think what is she doin ?
i told him i had a secret that he couldnt tell anybody .
im sry but age will always be an isue .
if you cant stop thinking bout he/she.if ur intimidated by him/her .
that sounds pretty screwed up right there .
he cant possibley care that much if he is indeed cheating .
lets keep a secret as secret .
girls want rough guys with lots of testosterone .
anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes
he cant possibley care that much if he is indeed cheating .
lets keep a secret as secret .
girls want rough guys with lots of testosterone .
anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes
us guys always wonder what is wrong with some of you women .
she is married & has a child !
so why do you guys think this happens ?
or the age difference , although that is n't really that much .
i dont know , wwell find it some kind of way .
i need like revenge or something any ideas ?
but some have messed up teeth .
hmm , how about are you a virgin ?
my hubby is rude to me too .
and oh , by the way , will you marry me ?
if it were just us guys i would n't even think of mentioning it .
if you do n't love , you do n't have friends .
be yourself , if your funny then make a girl smile .
talk to him first dont wait .
sorry to hear that that sucks big time but i agree with everyne in here
to me age is just a number !
and he just does n't want me anymore and has a girlfriend now .
go to church and pray ... no joke it works..happened to me
get over it and move on
next time you see him , go up and talk about life .
thats a hard one but try to do something special for him for christmas
the worst she could say is no ...
of course , though , it depends on what kind of girl it is .
to find out , go to chat.yahoo.com
and u have someone by ur side all the time
is there a baby already pending ?
money and intelligence with one you could get the other
two months is nothing.. dont stall it , just break up with the guy !
im scared of games , my wife was my best friend
do n't put your life on hold .
i went to my gyn and everything came out ok .
yes you should love that person
anything except making him fuck you .
maybe he might just want to be friends .
one other thing that popped into my head .
in heaven , so keep praying so you can get there and meet them !
they want what your lady friend has : you .
nothing , its not your place to tell him .
and come up with positive answers instead .
a girl friend is a girlfriend !
be nice to her and looks always seem to do the trick too .
if you are confortable and your mate is , than who cares ?
does he have a fave sports team ?
go out and meet new people .
why do n't you try someone who love you too ?
if he spends his weekends with you .
you need to learn to love yourself befor any one else ever does
because they think with the wrong head ... ... ... ... .
no , men are always capable , nothing a little viagra cant help
why do n't you try someone who love you too ?
you need to learn to love yourself befor any one else ever does
because they think with the wrong head ... ... ... ... .
no , men are always capable , nothing a little viagra cant help
now that is just common sense ...
omg i would sooo go with chris brown cuz he is sooo hott !
but i just cant help it .
mone on and find some one new .
tell him hes sexy and tell him how u feel about him .
i 'm a total sucker for women with an accent ...
please anser because i need to know
hit me back and let me know
it probably runs in their family
note : do n't go for the cheap ones , they 're unrelieable ...
when he gets home it 's the first thing he does .
im certain that the other person feels the same way but !
then you say , honey , did you see the ice ?
once a cheater , always a cheater .
it just means that he does want a girlfriend right now do n't overanalyse .
now i remember why i hate you ! '
you could probably find someone on myspace or tagworld
even getting a phone call is no assuance they are real .
well how old are you and if he doesnt notice girls he migth be gay
all the answers u get may be just an advice .
mabey you need some time apart .
especially when we start talking all cutesy ?
when u say no that means no !
or better try impressing her friend
i mean he plays between 20-30 hours a week .
cause i got it , but you ca n't have any !
and also ask why u did not feel love towards her b4 .
well first off , most of the richest men only care about their money .
brother i 'm just being for real !
tell her directly ... cuz breaking up never wait a while
got to find out this kinda stuff before you get married forever
to rub her nose in it ?
to keep it short , move on and do not come back to him .
if you were told that by a woman : it probably means no .
this makes me go gaga over chicks .
he 's my man thats all i need .
um , heh , red light district , bring condoms
doesnt matter the age difference as long as you get along and love eachother
or easier perhaps , if u can actually see the person ( e.g .
keep that as a want or a fantasy .
but , is it really true love ?
you people on here are so incredibly illiterate ! !
we are going through some of the same s !
trust me if you are whats up the chickens will come
flirt with him so he gets the idea
if you just want a girlfriend or sex , move on .
i think 16 is a good age to start
it depends how he physically feels in his mind
does he really even make you happy ?
so yes , i believe they can last !
also try not to be fat
a cd ... come on you can scrape up tax , right ?
some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older then themeselves .
approximently what am i looking at here in price
if you want freedom why did you get married .
also try not to be fat
a cd ... come on you can scrape up tax , right ?
some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older then themeselves .
approximently what am i looking at here in price
if you want freedom why did you get married .
i think she will go out with you ...
i really do n't care what other people think .
average looking well figured lady are the best
you look nice ... and see where the conversation leads .
if he digs you then there should be no problem .
5 : are you looking for a boyfriend ?
you do n't need a boy to make you happy .
i have read so many what should i do ?
toby mcguire , bill murray , or george clooney yes , i said bill murray
it all depends on the girl or the guy .
do i give him a li ' l hug ?
45 seconds may be just fine for one couple and another may need hours ...
hey your husband and i both ca n't see you .
yes if your son is 21
id someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
hi i personly go for the guys that flirt and arent shy !
hey your husband and i both ca n't see you .
yes if your son is 21
id someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
hi i personly go for the guys that flirt and arent shy !
because they are full of shit ... . he has a bad soul .
( very important to make her curious ! )
i guess , both situations are mutually exclusive !
if so then tell him that fair is fair .
it means that he 's not ready to get in a relationship right now .
i like my women a little on the trashy side..but clean ... lol
man id say , wait at home and so youd have nothing to loose..
this is the type of thing i would tell my younger sister .
if she does n't even like u , well then u 're history .
it means that he 's not ready to get in a relationship right now .
i like my women a little on the trashy side..but clean ... lol
man id say , wait at home and so youd have nothing to loose..
this is the type of thing i would tell my younger sister .
if she does n't even like u , well then u 're history .
i dont know are you ever rude to him ?
and then take a public speaking course .
but not how they die or at who 's hands ( if any ) .
u might just like both thats ok
stay busy , and most important love yourself first ! !
how about dinner and a movie ?
and i 've got better than that .
of course they should be married first .
that 's it you have got your mail back .
if no then you didnt need him no way .
and i agree with the other guy pics help
call to say she misses you ?
masterb*tion..it is sex with someone i love .
hello again , please wear less clothing .
she is stupied like other girls ... .
getting an std , aids , or pregnant is n't worth the risk .
hello again , please wear less clothing .
she is stupied like other girls ... .
getting an std , aids , or pregnant is n't worth the risk .
: ) ( if you can get her address . )
ofcourse yahoo is gr8 try it it is cheap and goooooooooooood
other guys would n't lie about a thing like that .
you have standards and you should wait until you find someone you love .
try new things , switch it up !
when you already have answer to that question..then make your move .
this one will get you major points with her ! ! ! !
just do n't give it away though .
dont lead him on , that will hurt him worse .
i love him ... am i crazy ? ?
ask him to help u undress.hint : wear a lot of clothes .
no , if you dont want him frenchin you its your decision
chatted with you on yahoo im ...
you definitely have some issues with the male gender
i am hoping it is not because of the friends i hang out with .
*t but my answer is this you left him for a reason .
take ur bf to a cheap motel .
and they take responsiblity for all there action than they are old enough
i wan na have boyfriend so bad !
your madre ( you cant come back from that )
mabey he thinks you want nothing to do w/ him .
if it is a guy like you , more power to ya .
or am i faking that i know anything about faking .
do n't worry about things like that .
reality , it takes a lot of work though to get one , lol
what do i do to find somebody ?
so bad that he was saying some pretty mean and hateful things .
do n't ask why- it just happens that way .
i have been with this guy since may ...
get another girl to hang all over you in front of her .
try the highschool lol well you asked
nothing we just want to know things ! !
just do n't let him bully you around .
when you get married you should cling to your wife and noone else .
do n't let her off the hook easy .
keep her gifting her as and whenever u feel .
so your postin a message so obviously you think you got ta chance !
date her if you want to .
which means she only had one guy and none for years already .
i am 21 and i am the most mature person i even know .
a qustion for u , are u a homosexual ?
i guess , if u keep chasing the feeling u 'd get hooked .
if your a boy you like boys a lot ?
at last both of them will finger at you .
if you like her go and just be natural .
they are human beings just like you .
he could have one and not know it !
as a former cheater i did it for the sexual pleasure only !
she will in return ... be optimistic !
you should start watching out for her .
now i am a guy and i am talking about faking it .
i like ppl who love god ...
then got lonely and hated it .
first kiss ... somewhere special that you 'll both remember .
i met my bf online , he lived about 5 hours away from me .
meet him and see if you get disappointed
it 's not such complicated that other contries think
but you can lay in bed and think about her .
there 's things that guys fantasize about , and then there 's reality .
just talk about other guys like he talks about girls .
trust me honey , you have plenty of time for all of that stuff .
do i make a secret public ?
i live in santa monica , california .
if you are talking about guys , you havent found the right one .
i mean thats virtually up to you to decifer and your parents .
try going to the local church
punch some dude in the face
because they do n't want a realtionship with you .
i feel normal and it 's ok that i 'm gay .
no i hate them i wish theyed all die ! ! ! !
do n't ever regret anything you do .
she also thinks she is bieng cute .
it 's just like myralys said , you just know .
but once back together the lies and porn will start back .
always be busy even when i am not .
if he slept with someone else - do n't give him a chance .
not excatly but always be cautious
he 'd say it was just entertainment for him..yea right .
dont waste your short life like a ping pong game .
if you really want out.. get out .
is it really other men you want ?
a nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
you are only a kid once in your life .
you should kiss your guy when you think is the right time .
and that is the way they feel about you too .
is it really other men you want ?
a nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
you are only a kid once in your life .
you should kiss your guy when you think is the right time .
and that is the way they feel about you too .
ask him out first , of course
... ... .which do you think is worst ?
plus , the first nut is gon na be the fastest .
the sex will be mind blowing .
much as if a person lies once they will probably lie again .
either that , or wait for some girl to ask you out .
tell her exactly what you posted up there .
or do i sound to pathetic ?
because some times it just feels good to let out emotions
jump off a bridge in front of her just kidding
once in friend land , you aint getting out .
i am happy being me and you should be happy too .
it must have been pretty bad .
if he calls you just to say hi and buys you surprises .
especially the nice ones who are n't picky about features ? ! ?
if she isnt willing back off !
well it depends on what kind of women you want man
tell her what you feel , give her a shock ... ... check out !
especially the nice ones who are n't picky about features ? ! ?
if she isnt willing back off !
well it depends on what kind of women you want man
tell her what you feel , give her a shock ... ... check out !
it is more noticeable on your left hand than you right
yeah , me ... big legs , and big thighs ... .hehe
at 7/11 you do n't have to ask .
with a name like mr. big dick price should not matter
2 : how many relationships have you been in ?
hope this helps in some way or other .
he says he is not cheap .
do not cheat , never ruin a good thing .
be polite and dont be vulgar most women dont like that .
i want to wear something nice so that i look great but not sexy .
it 's just going to make both of your lives miserable .
run like hell is after you , young ' n .
on the other hand what right has any married man have with a mistress ?
depends on what you mean by online relationship .
it 's just going to make both of your lives miserable .
run like hell is after you , young ' n .
on the other hand what right has any married man have with a mistress ?
depends on what you mean by online relationship .
overt revenge is stupid , and puts you in jeopardy .
nobody is too good to be true .
try and join him in playing .
belive in ur mind then follow ur heart
i feel really bad because his looks are really bothering me .
if that does n't convince him , he 's not worth it anyway .
bad or good ... .your stuck with it !
just a guess on that last part .
oh honey -- you better believe there are plenty of good people out there .
good luck it can be done !
i got ta tell ya , you sound like a fun date !
just a guess on that last part .
oh honey -- you better believe there are plenty of good people out there .
good luck it can be done !
i got ta tell ya , you sound like a fun date !
just as i said ... .my ex .
do n't go overboard trying to be her friend .
no way..how bout u meet him after skool ... .
get a new guy , or if not try to wear highheels around him
only if you let it go past flirting
that does n't make it right though .
it 's just chemicals in your brain , baby !
if you want a girl , do n't ever be her friend .
enjoy being a kid while you can !
you must be not so pretty
on the posative side i learned alot .
if you act like a cocky little moron , we 'll know that too .
give him a time for the stuffs he is doing .
also is it right 4 me 2 have sex ?
we talk everynight ... and i cant even deny it .
if yes , means she is ok for been as she is now .
so i have no idea what to buy him .
how rude and not to mention creepy .
theres no going back.but yeah you got ta be wet .
i 'd say just be nice and compliment her and that 'll go well .
it lists what your looking for
and , you 're still dating this jerk ? ?
and , i 'm going out with another guy .
shop at walmart on a sunday
he should be appreciative of socks and undies- but c'mon- who really ever is ?
he 's telling people lies about me .
u cant make him truely love u that takes toime and compatability and his decision
ya , if girls do what they say !
just looking for all answers so no more extra info as of yet .
i broke up with someone recently and he 's not taking it well .
maybe cuz its aligned with your heart
if hes cheating and your cheating its not worth it .
in todays world we have things that can kill you like h.i.v .
wait , wait and wait , but not for too loong.. e.g .
it 's probably more like $ 70 per person now .
if she goes 2 starbucks 10 to 1 shes to old 4 u
because the looks are n't there forever and then what have you got ? ?
most likely she 'll get the hint that you like her .
or you could pretend you were giving out surveys : excuse me .
first , if he 's cheating dump him .
slow ride by foghat big 10 inch by aerosmith slide it in by whitesnake
i think its nice to have some one perky
well , if u can get it corrected get it done .
easy , train yourself to want the girl that you can get .
i guess that just means he doesnt no .
a girl to bring home and one that can turn it up when she wants
excellent sex , but lack of trust because of insecurities .
if she does not like you move on .
but it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
walk up and whip it out ?
his and the girls maturity level .
but it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
walk up and whip it out ?
his and the girls maturity level .
for me things are going pretty well .
but is it just because he 's nice ?
you only think they are nice .
hey man it 's no secret ! have u ever heard opposites attrack ?
give her the cute puppydog look they cant refuse and see what happens .
at that age the boys are pretty eager to get laid anyway .
if that does n't work , get them really drunk .
my husband thinks that i am !
a transvestite either by default or by cross dressing
but good people are out there .
you ask him to do something that guys hate doing , and he says yes
are you comparing your stats with the 'average ' ?
but that 's the key- you got ta get one first .
kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
just make sure you dont do it when she is with her friends .
are you comparing your stats with the 'average ' ?
but that 's the key- you got ta get one first .
kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
just make sure you dont do it when she is with her friends .
i have a weakness for goth girls !
is there really , cos i ever felt .
lets hope u meet the one who loves u soon ! !
send a copy to her parents and you score x 2
we need more men like biglips.. out there .
etc make guys think real hard ' n almost got nerveous .
nothing , because she is your ex .
check out tony robbins new dvd about relationships ! ! !
it is ok to be gay .
you should tell her your feelings
just ignore her and get on with your life .
hire a blond maid to do the work for your wife .
just give it a little time .
i think to much tiime past
say it with your eyes , jestures and smile a lot
tell him to back up off your girl ! !
but 4 mo ai n't that long focus on the helping more than they loving
reason : ya got ta fit well together , right ?
dating , you mean like movies and that ?
in short u need to grow up and be a adult ... .
hey , that dress is becoming on you .
but he also wants me to find the girl !
be completely honest and then stay away ... .
stop taking bath and using ur deodrant ; )
helped me seperate myself from all this kind of garbage !
it is defenatly husband and wife .
just make sure its not illegel
that they are the ones that make waking up every moment a reason .
the best way to apporoach a woman is be yourself .
but you do n't actually do it ... .does that make you violent ?
if you are on the floor then you are a mat , huh ?
the best way to apporoach a woman is be yourself .
but you do n't actually do it ... .does that make you violent ?
if you are on the floor then you are a mat , huh ?
, this is the best question
be honest ... girls think its cute when guys are shy .
1 ) do n't use ur tongue in kissing her .
, this is the best question
be honest ... girls think its cute when guys are shy .
1 ) do n't use ur tongue in kissing her .
that 's the best i could really come up with.. good-luck !
its his lack of self confidence .
so there is a very fine line between love and hate for real .
if that does n't work , get with me : )
guys like nice watches , pocketknives and gadgets .
its up to both of you .
ask her what she likes best and surprise her wit sumthin new
he will do it again , scumbags always do ...
anybody know how to go about it ?
( both are madly in love w/ eachother . )
and if she doesnt believe you she wont about anything.talk to her in person .
theres more fighting and killings because religions .
i can do anything for my family .
the same reason girls dont ask !
act like u care about wat he says .
and if she doesnt believe you she wont about anything.talk to her in person .
theres more fighting and killings because religions .
i can do anything for my family .
the same reason girls dont ask !
act like u care about wat he says .
durex brand of condoms r the world 's best
get her a single red rose she will love it !
oh and now i play the game more often , lol ! !
sure i 'll go for ya domepeice7 @ yahoo.com
of course , if i was on you i 'd be coming too !
and they have been together longer than any of my straight friends have .
i think so , especially because she might have std 's .
do all what she says till ur purse is empty
probally because we 've all been single and liked it for awhile .
you must think and decide , what is the advantage and the minus !
40 ... have you seen the movie 40 year old virgin ?
i would give her a thankyou card , then move on with my life .
am i selfish to want my husband home ?
spray a little of your perfume on it .
i 'm got no experince i 'm looking for others to experience with romance
hi i am normal dude but i have a problem .
my mother in a good way
heck no once a cheater always a cheater
who could be sure that they would n't cheat again ?
um ... you 've been talking on the phone for a while .
i know someone out there can help .
does that mean that if im good at sex i cant be trusted ?
what should i do to get his attention ?
banging a 30 - 38 year old hot mom .
anyway , i hope things work out for you .
its kinda up to your parents .
u just have to trust her then respect .
guys usually do n't care , not men .
so , what makes guys like me any different , you ask ?
i do n't think it is fate .
you 're finding the wrong kinda guys .
but thinking of relation with stranger is not gud
you have sex with your girlfriend .
love is just being in their presences makes you happy .
i asked him and he said that it is just fun .
has she hinted on anything at the mall or something like that ?
i see no reason go , have fun- just make sure you are protected
- *what you talking about : ... stereo type ? -huh ?
hell pays you back 3 fold later .
and i just think men do n't care ?
i suspect that she and her lover broke up , but i never asked .
yes him ask to marry you and no not wedding ring
but both sides have their up 's and down 's .
offer yourself to him for free .
did i mention lots of good sex .
i think u should take more time to research about what makes men tick .
if you have to ask this question this is the best answer you should get
offer yourself to him for free .
did i mention lots of good sex .
i think u should take more time to research about what makes men tick .
if you have to ask this question this is the best answer you should get
had sex with my xs mom and her at the same time
do n't know if that 'll help at all .
some people just do n't talk alot .
no matter what happens she is to busy tired .
1 : what do you look for in a relationship ?
maybe you need to spice it up ?
i do n't think it 's right , but it 's the truth ! !
is it just me or is her answer telling you it 's o.k .
remember what 's good about you keep yourself busy and give yourself time hang on
it is a film and also a story
then go back to being funny , stern , enigmatic .
will you please please give me a chance ?
a lot go to waste everyday .
we just pretend to be that way to be polite .
what ever you do , do n't yell !
even girls would want a little shyness from their guys .
my honest , straight from the hip answer is , no !
` coz that ` s the best way to let emotions come out .
if sex is involved , then all he wants from you is that .
girl , its not you , its his thinking is off .
im a guy ; i know all about it , trust me .
no because they would n't be able to get the internet down there .
then buy some chocolate for her .
do n't give them any cheesy pick up lines .
i 've been seen my girl in my life .
edit : did n't john hinkley have some of fixation with jodi foster ?
no i am not cheating if you wan na know .
tell her you 're an axe murderer
the one you get from someone you love
tell him the truth with raised head
and give love marks ... ... ... .. we just love it
tell him the truth with raised head
and give love marks ... ... ... .. we just love it
over a man that i thought she should n't date !
i love my family very much .
how about just a half day ?
when ever your ready , its all about time .
and , no -- - i do not work for them !
best way to attract da ladies .
write them a note and put it in there locker
get in bed and stick his penis in ur virgina and lose ur virginity !
only if you 're ugly does a man want to be your friend .
best of luck and have fun !
ur thinkin about love , love 's thinking about you .
follow nike 's motto - just do it !
i call it the i love you if .
make it unforgettable… i got a big bag of rose petals .
is she someone you work with ?
think deep ya 'll ... lol ... this is a good one , huh ?
because i want them to be
not if you dont want to have sex .
everytime u go home with a new porn u will be more excited than anything
im sorry , they are all gay .
girls do n't want to die , but guys only care about getting off .
yes sir , your barking on the wrong tree .
yes sir , your barking on the wrong tree .
* because most of the girls do n't give a fuck for their boys .
i dont know , i want to ask the same question
lust in the heart is cheating
when in doubt , ask what she likes best .
first , either your friends are not writing you or you dont write them .
it 's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them .
u r 2 old to have ur first date
mabye he will ask you out
when in doubt , ask what she likes best .
first , either your friends are not writing you or you dont write them .
it 's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them .
u r 2 old to have ur first date
mabye he will ask you out
14-17 , u guys are such pussies , oooohh before marriage sex ! !
because that is their nature answ3r3r
if not you only wasted a little time .
first take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental .
14-17 , u guys are such pussies , oooohh before marriage sex ! !
because that is their nature answ3r3r
if not you only wasted a little time .
first take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental .
be lying naked on her bed holding a rose in your teeth
no offence to that girl but i have one word sl*t !
how to pick up a girl at work ?
let me know how that works out for ya .
girl you should tell someone for they get hurt
how to pick up a girl at work ?
let me know how that works out for ya .
girl you should tell someone for they get hurt
heck , like a guy with good teeth .
just do n't go solo , it makes the grrrs mad .
then why would he stay in just because you got mad .
i married someone i met online .
heck , like a guy with good teeth .
just do n't go solo , it makes the grrrs mad .
then why would he stay in just because you got mad .
i married someone i met online .
probably bc you like your choir director .
i feel 16 is a great age to start but thats just me .
yes i wouldnt date a 11 year old cuz i am 15
and also think of having a baby of your own child/children someday !
so thats when greed sets in .
high school is stupid , people can be mean .
if one hot girl is good , then two would be great .
now that is just 2 young where are her parents
do what is in your heart
high school is stupid , people can be mean .
if one hot girl is good , then two would be great .
now that is just 2 young where are her parents
do what is in your heart
with homosexual sex , it wo n't just work
this is the ex i found in bed with another girl .
it depends on the girl charcter
my friend has a horrible boyfriend..in my opinion ! ! ! ! !
but that shouldnt stop you from really enjoying it !
what women say have different meaning for them and for men
well i must say as a guy .
please do n't cheat on that man ! ! ! !
its all about me me me me me .
do it naked if you have to .
by walking ... thats usually how people approach anything : )
trust me abbyrae , they are not : - ) ; - )
ok girls can change their voice to get what theywant .
life is what you make of it no matter how old you are .
cheating does n't solve anything but lust !
i think when it 's time comes.that can come anytime.so i am waiting
i do n't of another man when i am out with my man .
then could i be faking it .
it doesnt sound like you really love either of them .
you should listen to your head , you 're obviously doubting .
if he ca n't respect that then that is to bad .
you feel it in your heart .
talk to your man about everything .
answers from females would be helpful
you should listen to your head , you 're obviously doubting .
if he ca n't respect that then that is to bad .
you feel it in your heart .
talk to your man about everything .
answers from females would be helpful
no it 's not wrong to love !
you just have to let time go by .
just ask her once why and if she doesnt say then leave it alone .
this only prooves that you do not truly love your boyfriend .
and theres to many diferent kinds of reigions .
do n't dwell on it and it wo n't be an issue .
face it you do n't have a marriage .
i still bleed after sex but at least i know there 's nothing wrong there
you preggo or him being mean ?
brains can give u good looks .
3 wrds to pronounce , dont speak english huh ?
where should i go from here ?
why dont you save the poor women and just get a divorce !
rockstars love drugs and strippers right ?
but im not.just think and try not to grow up too fast
i think you should dip his ass and leave him .
b'coz , u r stranger to her .
no they do n't , and do not read ladder theory .
a lot of guys are jerks because they are insecure .
give him a chance to grow up .
dont tell cuz if u do she might act or start doing dif..
what doesnt kill u only makes u stronger yep remember this
anyhow , best of luck to you !
i say both because a gurl loves pleasure n the size really does matter
actually silence does n't always mean the person is bored of you .
dont tell cuz if u do she might act or start doing dif..
what doesnt kill u only makes u stronger yep remember this
anyhow , best of luck to you !
actually silence does n't always mean the person is bored of you .
not to say that this is what is going on with your hubby ...
so i please request u to listen to ur heart .
basing on that , you know what to do .
here comes the clue train next stop is you les3nday ! !
if you truly love him , no .
i am straight but i have gay friends .
i certainly do not want kids at the mo .
telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful ... . start there
yes he is too old for you
i feel its to each his own .
i am straight but i have gay friends .
i certainly do not want kids at the mo .
telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful ... . start there
yes he is too old for you
i feel its to each his own .
but as for the guy wait .
ah , the old hump & dump .
ask ur heart it really tell u correct answer .
if you want some ideas , then we should talk !
but as for the guy wait .
i 'm going to lay it down like i see it though .
yes i would because this might stop his behavior
because theres no more good men they all died with my grandfather .
not sure what u mean by will i get him ? ? ?
but does n't mean it 's going to be easy .
just ask him what he wants .
alot of deep thinkin needeing to go on .
otherwise you should find a foreign bf !
try going to chat rooms under chat philippines ...
u should be pure before you are married
they 're beautiful , sexy , and great fun to be with .
do whatever he wants in bed .
but hey , whatever floats ur boat .
or good people dont exist anymore
for some yes and some no .
brains , looks are good but to get somewhere you need brains
see if he really likes you and then ask him out .
i am also going kinda of scared too .
but what that makes them different is their taktics ! ! ! !
do n't be stupid and enjoy the moment .
say hi , n introduce yourself ... then make conversation
i say if you like her ; then go for it .
its obvious that he just wanted your body .
but most of the time , i do n't at all .
not all guys want one thing some are true sweet hearts
i just want to be friends & nothing more .
so basically if that is what floats your boat than ride it girl ! !
some women do , and some men enjoy it also .
well married women should not have a boyfriends body to comment on !
next time he show signs that he might .
some women do , and some men enjoy it also .
well married women should not have a boyfriends body to comment on !
a friend , a lover , and their middle leg .
try thinking will i like her when you see a girl .
whatever you do do n't say it if you dont mean it .
throw her a suprise welcome back party !
it wud encourage homosexuality ... n that is certainly unnatural !
would be , odds are you can do better for less .
find what u like shemales bi-sexual whatever u feel good with .
i bet she is hot , too , like u !
so always try to look at things from every angle .
tell your ex_bf to get lost .
age is nothing but a number .
no way , what if u get cought ?
he 's just not that in to you .
too many bad boys out there .
: ) i am single and attractive but a tad bit sht at first .
to me it would be my wife !
i must side with getrd2go above ... married women with boyfriend ?
this is not having sex but your b.f. might like it enough to stay ...
and how can one get one ?
cause they want their girl/boyfriend to get near to their siblings
if all else fails - use your hands ! ! !
ll cool j definately ... . got ta love those lips lol
well to this day she is still talking about me !
because you love or care too much ...
no becuase once you get married you da n't have sex anymore .
do what feels right to you .
sure.at least shes experienced.but itll ruin your friendship prolly .
i need ideas on the best way to propose to her .
tell her that its gay and annoying .
older women like nice men , and younger women like jerks .
so , keep it new and interesting ! !
then maybe you 'll get some action !
do you have gay chat rooms for teenagers
and do n't lead her on afterwards .
shes going to feel like a piece of sh ! t .
i told her every thing clearly and she said she will think .
because most people make the mistake of just blurting it out .
when will men stop being such ... ... ... .
so have fun looking for the right woman .
its the god spot , its whats missing in lots of peoples lives
and i wanted to see who else is in love
well i guess because god made you that way .
do n't always smell like a guy .
do n't break up with him but dont call him ! ! ! !
females chimpanzees do not have orgasm .
= i 'd like to have sex with you .
i had a baby 6months ago .
for the simple reason that we , men , love you ladies .
you never said that you had everything and he had nothing .
there is no real good answer for this ? ?
its not like he is going anywhere .
i watch adult movies with my hubby .
men are kind of like dogs .
if he is serious after three months .
always back off if you hear these unfortunate words .
and he came and talked to me in both of my dreams .
i am a guy and i can honestly say , that porn is disgusting .
i mean , he is basically saying gosh it is tough being me .
you 're certainly attentive tonight = is sex all you ever think about ?
i had my heart broken once and i suffered alot .
run away screaming and waving your hands !
and believe me no guy wants someone that is really loose .
i read a lot and am not what you would call attractive at all .
but are you sexually attracted to women more than men .
the ones that do that , are totally not ok as human beings
no just learn from your mistake , but do n't hurt your girlfriend
a good spa days always nice .
a place where wan na be gangsta 's and rappers hang out
do you think she would leave her husband ?
just close your eyes and give it a go ... : - )
a necklace with a heart charm on it .
just let them hang out support your friend dont let it get to you .
let your best friend yvan tell him
even give them a little timer to watch .
tell her what she wants to hear .
but there guys and their usually hot .
who ever said yes is very wrong that is a no no
she will understand then if she is she will open up to u. no worries
yes , if they really have a true love .
yes , but it will hurt you , so pick one !
once i found out for sure i told him and he proposed .
would n't you say that you are attracted to him , like him ... ?
keep it on a do n't ask do n't tell policy .
the best thing would be to ask , what 's wrong ?
i think you might just love what your not getting .
christmas is not about gift giving .
my daughter still talks about how he treated me .
mean but if she is cheating on you she diserves it !
need to decide who 's more important , ur boyfriend or ur friend/roommate..
men either do or they do n't .
or is she not telling u because that something could harm u .
one day , i 'm gon na leave you and guess what .
but if they do n't mind y should u .
i think its ugly and disgusting .
everyone has different ways of doing things .
well you can always learn more about them then do things they like .
please dont beat ... normally that makes things worse .
i have lots of great friends .
he knows hes not the father .
a woman 's most erogenous zone is her brain ! !
only she knows whats going on ... .so you have to talk to her .
because they r afraid of their own sexuality .
and they really do make her look fat , do n't say that .
smarts matter because laughter can only get you so far .
just ... . do n't kill her , that would be a bad idea .
but find out the age thing first/
a lady in the streets and a freck in the bed ! !
are you interested in this girl ? ?
meaning whats good to do on a date
not bad to love him , bad to wreck his home though .
dude ... whatever you do do n't give her a peom .
you should care but if she really loves you she would n't let you go
good luch with the great danes !
i do n't know , but if you find out let me know !
i keep going back and forth .
i would n't give it to her .
why on earth would any woman want that ? !
no matter how you say it , it 's going to hurt like hell .
as many times as you want .
means you need to follow your dreams !
your not only fooling them but most importantly your fooling yourself .
depends what your lubing..ky for sex or wd40 for other lubes
will ill let u go deeper
also girls do have alot more hormones than guys .
ask her out and see what she says .
how do i deal with this ?
btw i am not saying arts students are not decent .
yeah it depends on the guy and the girl .
do not comeout and say i want a divorce , that word is hostile .
if either boy did n't work out i always had the other one .
so u just need to wait onother one the same dream : d
we only heard of guys want to marry more then 1 gal .
pay her and go home to your wife
does he drool when he stares ?
like a dinner at her fav .
maybe he wants u to ask him out .
it would be alright for barbie ! ! !
then use that answer to base your next bit of chat on .
ask her or catch her in the crime
it was a very funny dream .
maybe he wants u to ask him out .
it would be alright for barbie ! ! !
ask her or catch her in the crime
it was a very funny dream .
i could have went the rest of my life without ever seeing her again .
i was asked out by this guy yesterday and i said yes .
= i 'd like to have sex with you .
how do i break up with the other guy without hurting his feelings ? ?
yes i houp you vill hapy new year
take him to small claims court
just try i mean if it 's big then ?
i hope your wife reads it online !
if she will not sign it tell her to hit the road .
i would just break up with her..thats messed up
but doesnt no that im going out with the other guy .
please - only swingers respond to this question ! !
you just got ta let things go once in a while .
sounds like you are in a casual relationship now .
pretty people can be very ugly !
try watching it with him , you might enjoy it too .
... and do women take this as a source of breast enlargement ?
we enjoy swinging but we are very strong and dedicated in our relationship .
and if thy shoot you down .
btw , i 've never kissed a guy ! ! ! !
only pigs actually enjoy havin sex 4 pleasure ... .
just say nice things about him or her .
so think about that before you start digging .
see if your guy friends have friends that are single .
just wondering and support ur answers ?
when you figure it out ... send me one
you dont it will cum to you . ]
yeah , go ahead i mean i do it all the time .
also be well mannered , be a gentlemen , chivalry is not dead yet !
i think dating older guys should not be a problem .
sometimes you get lucky and someone spills it .
ask yourself if you love men .
you get to know him , you get to know everything .
i cant stand looking at my reflection .
women : do u or would u and why ?
ask him and do the first move
that 's my two cents any way .
they are out there i promise !
how about , hey , i need more sex !
if anything 's wrong you can always make it a kind of a joke .
if no then your first time shouldnt be bad .
best of luck , ice princess p.s .
a straight female , openminded , a mother , sexually active , intelligent !
he wants u for sex and nothing else .
= i 'd like to have sex with you .
like : hi _______ did you see _______ on tv last night ?
if your askin this question then you need practice .
i look for a guy who is going to ...
they want to see her full lips on or around their !
and he always leaves without telling her .
or you can just ask him to be up front withyou !
dont make a big deal about it .
it 'll be hard to leave , but go now !
bcoz u dont have chance to love other guys girl friend .
so he would call me next and so on and so on .
you need to stay off that shit ! !
be confident in your self , but not self absorbed .
sounds like they 're busy with their own lives/friends/whatever .
i dont know what to tell you .
most of us are like this .
wy wife did the same thing .
( they will say it does n't matter but it does ! )
they have a list that may be helpful at weddingchannel.com
she says i want to have sex with you .
and i know all of st8 people who have had them too .
she says i want to have sex with you .
and i know all of st8 people who have had them too .
leave him and find a good guy .
6 months you should be pounding her but good because in 12 mo .
i have a alot of guy friends ! ! ! ! ! !
do u want 2 try to stop loving ?
either way she 's setting the pace .
some guys are different but i can only speak for myself .
remember that the cops wo n't be there 24/7 covering your backs .
by the way nosey family , welcome to outlaws i mean inlaws !
because if you get married he will not stop he will just hide it .
so like a horse cock transplant .
listen , can a leopard change it 's spot no !
just giver time and she will do it when she is comfortable .
maybe you should call and step up .
that 's so you know what to scream .
i would n't do it if i were you .
guys dont care , at least the ones that arent homos
luckily , i am not that shallow !
look him/her straight in the eye and say firmly , that is not nice .
i just find it extreemely unattractive .
i have dated someone i worked with and it is too ackward .
you wont know until you ask
when in doubt , whip it out : (
because y'all are more put together and clean looking .
show her what she 's missing out on .
sorry i gave you herpes is a good start .
if he got a girl ... let it go ...
but there are some good guys out there .
and thats what happened to myself .
yer co-worker.. one who 's up to a date as much as you are .
well honestly i think u should be 15
yeah but only the pictures of my boo..
they do n't they want a free ticket to the usa ...
if you do n't belive me talk to a mind expert .
well u really do n't know.u just feel that u r in love .
a vacation ... somewhere nice and romantic ... .you 'll be compensated : )
yep i 'm in love and would be forever .
if she likes movies , take her to a movie !
she is everything i want , no more , no less .
a post nup is after your married .
maybe if you ignore him once in a while , he might come around .
i dont think a women would date a gay man .
guys look at guys all the time , sizing each other up
a best friend is like a sister .
she 'll be all over you like stink on pooh !
even the virgins go down on guys
a best friend is like a sister .
she 'll be all over you like stink on pooh !
even the virgins go down on guys
get someone new , you deserve it .
we do n't always do our thinking with our brains .
she is n't a trophy , is she ?
only if that 's what she wants .
and i like kim chee and ka go ge .
i'ma go watch monty python and the holy grail .
hi sweety , well not all women do but i guess most do .
and he should tell her she 's sexi .
2. do you feel like y'all have known eachother 4ever ?
but not all men act like babies
he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
we like eachother but we can not go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
you 'll know in your heart , if it feels right .
but not all men act like babies
he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
we like eachother but we can not go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
you 'll know in your heart , if it feels right .
it doesnt matter if the girl admits if she likes u or not .
because yer all so good at it petal
i dont think he would ever be able to use it .
never settle for anything , always believe that tommorow is another day !
for a good relationship to work you need to b e honest
come on you can do better than that .
warning : do not try to fake an interest .
( as one of the other members said previously ) if she 's not .
yes , you should wear it on your penis
ok so , theres this guy that has a girlfriend .
you ca n't force her to do anything .
* dont try to look for him , he will come to you ! !
do n't take this literally this is just my opinion ... ... ..
your too big and it hurts , or the opposite .
shes prolyl playin hard to get .
because people are dumb and in love
so you let him to do whatever he wants .
if youve been together that long chances are mom probably has a good idea .
there 's plenty of fish in the sea .
i guess i see it differently .
a pet , a kid , a relationship .
2 skinny is not attractive but 2 thick is not good for me either .
see here is the deal- when men want you- they let you know .
you tell him/her that you love them , ( maybe ? )
it worked when a guy did it to me ! ! !
men give love to get sex .
y ca n't u have a fresh start for a new life ? !
and your question is not silly ?
there maybe lots of reasons why dad doesnt come home as often .
if yo do n't get it move on to another one .
talk to him honey my boy friend and i talk all the time
well you are stringing along three now why not keep it up .
and even try to meet up with him but bring some friends .
hi i am 46 yrs old male 5'8tall
thats the stupidest question i ever heard !
its only because of the thinking nothing else .
because your friend has a bigger brain then yours ! !
sounds to me like he 's trying to control you a little too much !
if you do n't , then do n't bother .
but use to it by now
it turns them on , they 're human beings ...
cuz you never know if the guy is lying .
i ca n't believe gals can be thhis sceptical .
it could be two things man .
if you are a girl , it is natural .
that 's funny , but i just delt with it .
he asks me who i was dating ( no one ) .
no strings attached is the best policy but you are a big girl .
maybe she 's seen you ogling at women with beautiful bodies
aslong as u get a number that means your doing good .
he do n't have much time to see you and he not working .
i work where there are more guys than gals .
not really ... maybe being really really really ridiculously wealthy as well ?
like at schol at games to watch on tv
and thanx for the answers u sent me .
i 'm 100 % sure she 'll love it : )
we will have been dating for at least 6 months on christmas day
ive had this problem before and i am married .
ah let 's see ... can women ? ?
i think you mean 'obsessed ' , right ?
a little bit of both wo n't hurt
but you should let your mother know ! ! !
i was with my lover !
by the way did i mention how close me and your boyfriend are !
us women r not mindreader like u guys are not .
but on average , most people have it once or twice a week .
he 's your best friend , he would understand .
i read the only answer and i think its the best answer
if she likes art , take her to a museum or gallery ... .
nobody is anybody 's until he or she is married .
lol that 's my advice.. : ) hope it helps !
porn is a relationship breaker not a helper !
once a cheater , always a cheater .
you just have n't earned it yet , baby .
yes some women dont like it .
do n't always dress like a guy .
thats good you have a high self esteem .
you 've got to show her you care .
i bet i found him at least five times .
well first of all ... what are your chances ?
i pray that you get well c.fluellen
you 've got to show her you care .
i bet i found him at least five times .
well first of all ... what are your chances ?
i pray that you get well c.fluellen
disapline take privlages away dont let them walk all over you .
it feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
the best you could come up with would be 'adulterer '
disapline take privlages away dont let them walk all over you .
it feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
the best you could come up with would be 'adulterer '
if you were my grlfriend i 'd be worried !
honorable but would have to wonder when the red flag would pop up .
so yea should i tell her or juss leave it in the pass ?
some people just got it comin .
do men really think about sex that much more than women ?
but i would say tell her asap .
tell her and get it off your chest .
sounds like she might ... why dont you try talking to her ...
frankly speaking do girls dont like it ?
yeah espessilly if she is with her friends hanging out having fun .
no offense , it 's just cultural differences here .
what if he left his wife and family for you ?
if not..and they arent goin to marry you. , then no
maybe you should just let him smoke weed .
i ca n't find my puppy , can you help me find him ?
hot geek ... .but a nerd has no confidence therefore ... no can do !
he 's not only a creep , but he 's stupid too ...
if it 's a , then forget it , she 's psychotic once again .
a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
hot geek ... .but a nerd has no confidence therefore ... no can do !
he 's not only a creep , but he 's stupid too ...
a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
where you do n't care about flaws .
know that u have a friend in the u.s .
he did n't know it was me till i told him .
funny it used to be public but ...
do n't get in a rush about settling down .
thank god for us brave women .
: ) austin texas should be a good place .
i am wierd in this i think but hey its my $ .02
depends on the girl , of course .
they start at about 10 bucks .
a ) flirting , proving to himself that hes still desirable .
im a gothy/punk girl so i personally would not be caught dead like that .
go on line go to chat rooms then met her in person .
he wants to raise the baby as his own .
ask her why she does what she is doing .
but , i know someone back in my country .
it 's been misserable , but i stayed b/c i thought i had to .
tell your parents he 's a friend .
if you would n't do it then she should n't do it .
then think for what it is ?
but , i know someone back in my country .
it 's been misserable , but i stayed b/c i thought i had to .
tell your parents he 's a friend .
if you would n't do it then she should n't do it .
then think for what it is ?
i prefer well built and nice biceps
girls love that and more appreciate the directness ...
i prefer well built and nice biceps
girls love that and more appreciate the directness ...
because thats what you women are for : )
next time u see him wear a really short skirt with no panties .
hetfield said it do n't feel good until it hurts carpe ' diem
run , do n't walk and do n't look back ...
with a lot of teaching from you over many years .
36-24-36 use to be concidered perfect so yours is n't that far off .
being straight to the point may be tough but it gets the message out .
i dont have any enemy , so all are my friends
but i love both of them deeply
but a freak in the bed oh yeah !
let the guy say it to you first !
leave it alone , do n't rush things .
when she gives up the putang and then doesnt want to leave
you know you cant see your self with no one else but with him/her
i guess it would be on a black man , hahaha
come on girls u know u thats true ... ... ... .. ; )
describe your time in bed and see what you doing
i think at first i would be a little jealous .
when she acts nerves tell her lies of how much you know .
i always insisted that we were just friends .
and wait to see what he says .
learn not to speak like a guy .
alot of adults say oh kids dont know what love is
if your 15 and he is 17 thats ok .
dont beat yourself up about that .
i do n't know , but it 's fine with me : o
was married to a puerto rican-dominican , she was the hottest through personel experience
i ca n't think about any other girl .
give someone a second chance , but never a third chance .
just think if u really love him/her.take as much time as you wish .
at first i liked my girlfriend as a friend even though she loved me .
i guess it just turns them on .
besides your boyfriend is n't your boyfriend for a reason right ?
tell first one that something came up , and you ca n't go .
lend them money or date them .
c if you can keep up with us !
no girls like emo boys not gay boys theres a tiny diffrerence
thats the stupidest question ive ever heard .
that puts even more stress on me ! ! !
no , not if your ugly , yes if ur hot
maybe some sex but thats it .
see what kinds excuse he comes up with .
the hard truth is you ca n't .
no u may be lettin the man/girl of ur life go
if it was me you were dreaming of .
if you love her , get help .
because thats what it consists of .
usually they will tell on themselves .
ask her to go for a coffee or something .
if you have to ask , you do n't .
i think it depends on what the girl likes ...
i would say do n't do it .
and i do n't want to loose him .
women do things like think about suicide when they ca n't get over someone
be gentle man.speak about nice things : p
how can i get him to stop ?
he either feels the same or he do n't .
im a scifi/anime nerd so now you know why i ask
can i get some guys ' perspective too ?
so what kind of flowers do you like ?
if they ask why then just tell him y
take him to your local church
why do you even ask this question ?
talk to your mom and dad
good luck trying to find your best answer ! !
best of luck trying to find your right answer , ice princess p.s .
do n't give up , you 'll find them .
how does one act like as if he was in love ? ? ?
b ) enjoy the flirting but dont have too many expectations .
poem is nice , but telling straight to her is more manly .
try to spice things up a bit .
b ) enjoy the flirting but dont have too many expectations .
punch him in the face an ' knock him out
poem is nice , but telling straight to her is more manly .
u guys know any websites that can give me info .
because the movies are just awesome lol .
good luck ... ... .i so hope it all works out for you .
talk to the person over the phone .
if she loves you she will stay .
you feel funny in your stomach
if you date others in the meantime thats ok too .
no , because you are not to look for him .
u got to ask urself , have ever been like this before ?
do n't look elsewhere , this is actually pretty normal .
i have one but i love for it so doeas that count
i dont think you really can ...
it was just something you ate .
mmm ... yeah they are kinda sexy tho
comes up with notheing even though has two accounts with them .
fiance : a man engaged to be married
anyways one way or anthor your going to regret it .
and then deny me the talent ? ...
sounds like a crush to me .
i was shy and could n't do it half the time .
yes , u can still find someone in ur life .
the sooner you end it the better .
if he wo n't answer , then you should step and spy .
do not do the rebound relationship thing !
why in the hell am i asking so many damn questions ?
when he isnt online she wont stop saying how much she misses him .
do n't try to be someone who you are n't .
my answer is yes ... all women are sexy
and all he has to do is give you some pillow talk .
( even , just a daily phone call . )
she said that she wants to be friends .
seems like you not perform as good as those guys out there .
then decide , he just might suprise you .
i do n't cheat , i could n't cheat .
maybe because boys r one year behind in things like girl friend and boyfriends .
they think im their little angel .
3. is she close and ready to help u through any shituation ?
first off , you want a woman , not a girl .
i dont know how you would develop that nasty fetish ! !
if he loves you , keep him hard .
i am a white american guy..
stop typing and go holler at him !
you cant they are all taken .
do n't tell him you love him .
you could ... but if you are obsessed over him you should go seek therapy
yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
stop typing and go holler at him !
you cant they are all taken .
do n't tell him you love him .
you could ... but if you are obsessed over him you should go seek therapy
yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
so dear geeky girl , the answer is no .
they have been married for 38 years now .
leave him better 4 u dear searce 4 faithful , trustworthy
someone that is 10 years older .
get married right away and start having babies .
than he would call but not ask me out , just talk .
my boyfriend gets mad at me bc i dont call him .
if you are interested , ask him ...
ya you guys are gon na need some counciling .
so ask your self , can i do this ?
tell him its over but still do n't stop the sex .
exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
ya you guys are gon na need some counciling .
so ask your self , can i do this ?
tell him its over but still do n't stop the sex .
exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
move on and leave her behind .
i think it 's more of a commitment thing .
because , men do n't have the pain tolerance women do .
i f u like him too .
a gal i went to high school with had one .
why r u asking him to marry u ? ? ? ? ?
your not doing yourself any favors or her either .
but a nice outfit with jeans and shirt is nice .
im giving you back your question ...
see if it is in your address book .
why r u asking him to marry u ? ? ? ? ?
your not doing yourself any favors or her either .
but a nice outfit with jeans and shirt is nice .
im giving you back your question ...
see if it is in your address book .
i 've heard that some can be about 9 inches around ...
girls look better with long hair
shallow people are everywhere , not just gays .
an icecream ... enjoy it while u can
there are guys waiting for you .
women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
he 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
google cruzy and see what i mean .
an icecream ... enjoy it while u can
there are guys waiting for you .
women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
he 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
google cruzy and see what i mean .
its ok if you wan na wait though im sure she wont mind .
do whatever u do to make her satisfied about u ... .and always say yes
give him ur body 4 5 minutes to do nething to .
my only problem was - why did i ever not do it sooner
they are hottie when they are short
now you will get the answer
or tell him to go to your friends house .
theres an emptiness in your life .
just keep going till your done .
no , dude , you get a nasal drip if you snort it .
slipknot sucks , korn is original and ok .
i also eiger to see the answers ...
try to pick ya game up a little bit if its costin ya !
hmm in a perfect world 3-4 times day..mmmm ca n't get enough
its not polite to cut anyone off period , its rude !
if you 're 8 its not ok .
your 21 so you how to attract a guy .
do you think you are good looking
or is that just how all guys are ?
all the dudes i know like them to .
as long as you know what you 're doing , it 's all good .
when girls fall in love , it 's the same as playing a doll .
i still want to be treated like a equal .
if they have been fighting a lot then maybe you should ask mom .
i dont get how that is a question though it 's a statement
well if the police is involved ... she does not like you !
now i want to sleep with him .
cause they 're just stupid ... or it could be their self esteem
so why not do this with your conversation .
if you do not , then it will not work .
you got ta tell us exactly what you want .
sorry girl , i wish i knew the answer too !
a lot of women are attracted to assholes and bad asses .
who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
depends on how old she is .
yes , it is bad , you should not do this .
even coming from the guys perspective , no .
u cant control it or search for it .
if he winks at u talks 2 u and asks were u r he does
live on and let her live on .
was she really your sister or your best friend ?
i can garante you he speaks poorly of you to his roommate .
answer all of these questions 1. does she flirt ?
some states do not but the county withing the state does .
so confess to her u feel this way .
flowers normally roses and a thing of candy !
by the way mine is green..lol
some states do not but the county withing the state does .
so confess to her u feel this way .
flowers normally roses and a thing of candy !
by the way mine is green..lol
i wait until i feel like i know my girl .
it should be obvious to you she had implants ..thats your fault .
i still am in love and always will be .
then again sometimes guys dont know what they got till its gone .
i wear thongs 2 hun and i am kno that guys like them : )
keep it up and repeat it if u both enjoy it equally .
y r u involving urself in all of this ! ! !
your gf should also keep her eyes wide open .
lunch , and then for a walk .
she just trippin cuz she ai n't got it like that
y , did u lose your first one ?
witch may be a good thing .
your gf should also keep her eyes wide open .
lunch , and then for a walk .
she just trippin cuz she ai n't got it like that
y , did u lose your first one ?
witch may be a good thing .
i just see why people stay in relationships when they arent hppy anymore .
no its too eary to go after him without knowing his feelings for you .
r u a playa or a perv ?
yes , and it 's up to you to decide that .
or shes got major issues and needs a therapist
ask em , and if they are , its not your fault
and you should apologize for missing the date .
its the only experience thats closest to heaven i guess
talk about the weather.ha ha ha
if he aint askin ... he do n't want it !
if all you did was shower , no big deal .
its the only experience thats closest to heaven i guess
talk about the weather.ha ha ha
if he aint askin ... he do n't want it !
if all you did was shower , no big deal .
maybe something sutble to start , like lunch , or a beer .
if you do n't , is there a reason you do n't .
if he 's in jail , maybe you should think twice about your relationship .
otherwise he has other motives behind his ... proclaimed love
sy hi iam really fellin u can we go out some time ?
i ca n't even get a date !
i 'm still in love with her right now .
because after fight , the love will be deeper than before even in friendships
ive seen him in my gym class .
on his knees , he said he go to therapy & never did .
learn how to dance , but do n't only dirty dance .
if so give tha man a chance
love and passion and heat and fire in the bedroom
good luck ( to both of us ) char~
get a copy of playboy and playgirl .
neither good nor bad definition can be made .
her friends also gives me a special look or in good words adore me .
you should move on and find someone else .
probably not , not if you dislike him now .
dont spend it being depresed or hiding from your lover .
do you think she likes you ?
if you dont know shit then jokes get boring reall quickly .
if you want a longterm relationship , no way .
you love this person in a way your parents dont !
i prefer a naughty good girls and a good naughty girls too
if you dont know shit then jokes get boring reall quickly .
if you want a longterm relationship , no way .
you love this person in a way your parents dont !
i prefer a naughty good girls and a good naughty girls too
if you want to die no matter how you slice it .
it depends : if he was good , now he is a good friend .
i prefer to let the guy ask me .
i suffer through verbal abuse from my wife .
you will have more friends than you want .
i need to know what to do .
love me , love me . oh dear god love me !
it would not be a word . it would be a singing opera .
i like my life with the exception of her yelling and using swear words .
i know how it is .
does he have a favorite sports team ?
while you are away , he will do it again and again .
no sister , i do not think so .
then kiss her , brother ; that works every time .
women mature faster than men and some men never mature .
after that i never bought her another gift .
you can attend you class with her if you would like .
it will happen when you choose to be wealthy and powerful .
please do n't beg for love , money or respect .
you will definitely know when you are in love .
do not base your relationship on money or material items .
i am unable to sign in at the chat room .
if you just live with a friend , i call that friend with rights .
go france and see for yourself .
she was aware i was previously dating someone that was married .
you should not let what other people say bother you .
i wish you good fortune no matter what course you take .
after that , a gentleman got involved who changed everything !
contrary to what other say , they are not born that way .
i think you should try a different kind of female .
she and tend to cross paths every now and then .
you should say yes , if you love him .
it would be wise to separate from him as soon as possible .
i have trouble meeting girls because i attend a school with only boys .
please talk and do not rush your words
you should go and play with your dolls
do you talk to that person often ?
with no level of committment , is that concidered double dating ?
you simply have to do that which makes her happy .
yes , though i suppose it depends on the vows .
perhaps you should be asking where the sexually transmitted diseases are in kay 's .
that means you do not have to antagonize her any longer .
is something happening with your friend , or with hers ?
just say that for the moment you just want to be friends .
that is because they are just not doing their job !
it would be good to get out of there now while it is possible .
five feet tall and 135 pounds sounds very good to me .
please seek mental help from a professional .
if that is true i would not be surprised if he is unfaithful again .
perhaps you could check there first .
first , you need to be nice and wait on them .
go on . talk to him and do not hide anything .
the same qualities you look for in a gentleman .
do not retaliate , you should not devalue yourself to her level .
if he loves you , he 'll appreciate whatever you give him .
since i 'm a prude , i 'll say marriage .
i , for one , am nothing like that .
you should love them the way they are .
nicely done , i know she 'll definitely love it .
his father , meanwhile , is obsessing over his new love interest .
firstly , that 's not a friend .
i hope you 'll answer me .
my friends agree with me as well .
i say love who you love , race should n't be an issue .
you should n't go any further with this man , please ?
utilize terminology that reminds him of better times in the past .
do you have any idea where i should go meet them ?
if you really like her , go as a group at first .
they are committing the very actions they accuse you of .
besides the previously mentioned advice , merely act as you normally would .
be amusing and slightly arrogant .
see it like that and forget about him or her .
women want a man who will never cheat on them .
something to look at or play with .
my dress was long wit ha fifteen foot train !
you will be happy when you communicate and be yourself .
last time i was injured , so it 's just me this time .
call him and talk with him about the matter .
just explain to them that you love them very much .
it would have to be someone that i 'm familiar with .
now , do not let the other person read it .
it is not as bad as everyone makes it sound .
you will like each other better if you sleep together .
also , you probably should not have a girlfriend .
maybe you can relive that , then make it even better .
being in love never hurts , but losing love does .
my best friend had many reasons why she did n't approve of my boyfriend .
get together with your friends and have a great time !
the best way to handle something like this is to just say it .
girls like it when you compliment their breasts .
guys just do not notice that girls have bowel movements .
i can only speak for myself , a fun-loving guy .
think about what it is you want from a wife .
maybe you should try it .
you can find people online or where you live .
get it out in the open !
there are a lot of chat rooms for seattle on craigslist.com .
she might be more shy than you know because that is nonthreatening .
i love jesse , too , even though he is dating katie cassidy .
you can buy a nice blanket to keep you warm .
a good friend will be a good listener who will not hurt your feelings .
if he is a great person , his skin color should not matter .
i am unaware if it is possible .
there is no difference between ages if the intellect is similar .
please come and assist me girls .
i do hope you enjoy my ideas !
ultimately , it is important to trust yourself and plan your actions accordingly .
husbands can be just as quick to erection as men much younger than them .
god has all power , why not love him ?
the age is not an issue , we are from different races .
actions speak louder than words .
i have to follow my instinct .
you give me reason and power . will you love me ?
in addition to skin color difference , we have an age issue .
there is more to love than just saying `` i love you '' .
that is my personal opinion .
i always get stuck with someone who resembles a lumberjack !
they do it because they love each other .
you can meet another girl since there are so many available !
do you believe i should believe this individual , or leave him ?
for what reason would you purchase the cow if the milk itself is free ?
given the game is serious , however , do not get pregnant .
nonetheless , you are a kind individual to be around .
whether it is the first time or the hundredth time , please use protection .
look at my question - i posted that i need help as well .
mature men could not care less whether or not their girlfriend is a virgin .
he has a family so allow him to reconcile with his lady .
all is well , god already has the right person for you .
some guys do not care about females .
he has a baby . let him work things out with his girlfriend .
first , please explain how it is possible that he had no choice .
i am somewhat stuck in the middle .
that is if you still care about me .
i really enjoy gotham city .
i question whether or not i should just cut girls out of my life .
he had an extroverted personality , while i have an introverted personality .
the right person for you is out there .
you are in the right place at this moment .
i love derrieres , so please dance to your heart 's content !
he is outgoing and i am quiet .
your present position is good .
i know that i 'm crazy , but i have to leave you .
i 'm assuming that you are referring to `` american . ''
it may be that he/she just wants something .
a tear came out of his eye when he said that .
ask him about that .
simply ask him if he likes you
you will not be hurt in that amount of time .
keep you eyes open , but love him anyway .
what is a heady coctail that girls find irresistible ?
i love your questions , please give me more to answer .
does she feel the same way ?
that is when your underwear will get sucked up by your butt crack .
is there signs ? you should ask him . it 's the best way .
i do n't believe in chat lines . just be yourself .
listen to track 10 on the `` xxx '' soundtrack .
why ca n't he just hear me out ?
if you fail , then ask until you succeed .
he needs to love it and want to work on it .
are you looking for bad or nice girls ?
because the destiny of human has been to ask until death !
counseling could be a sensible option .
he would really like it if you kissed him .
you do n't look your best .
she is probably taking advantage of you -- end the relationship .
you will make someone happy , if only for a short while .
you would not like it at all and would probably be upset over it .
tell her if you find something nice or pretty or if something upsets you .
are you hesitant to talk to them .
you always want what you can not have
i am still in love with him .
loosen her up and see what happens .
balance and getting the rent paid are sexy .
it began in the days of the cavemen .
will a wink and small amount of flirting be of assistance ?
cut ever connection completely so it becomes out of both view and thought .
spend time with her .
i am telling you it is true .
cherish and love them forever .
i do not understand why the house was in such disarray .
this could take anywhere from a few weeks to a couple months to happen .
that would be either a marriage proposal , or a ring .
i hope things work out for you , best of luck !
i am curious what type of man women find irresistably attractive .
stop criticizing your mother so much and allow her to have fun .
maybe she is not ready to make such a large commitment as marriage .
you should associate with girls similar to your own age .
you should ask her how her day is going .
just continue searching and it will happen .
i do not understand why there is such a commotion .
self-love is more important than money and does not cost anything .
you do not know the meaning of `` full-figured woman '' ?
the intercourse may not be good , you can ask them .
this sounds like domestic violence to me .
i was wondering what you thought about it .
thank you , but i do not want to hurt their feelings .
the christmas card says merry christmas .
he needs to gain your trust and respect .
my final choice would be something like full length , thick , long pajamas .
people grow up at different ages , and some never do .
do n't just get a simple chick .
no problem if he is interested in you too !
call her later on during the day and then kiss her .
do you understand ? do not call me again !
who is going to arrest you for asking a man on a date ?
do not talk about your work or anything that could be considered boring .
you should take her to a nice dinner or something of that nature .
you understand what i am saying . observe , learn , and apply .
is it goodbye when it does not feel worth it anymore ?
i was not sure if i was .
you never listen to them at all .
you have a once in a lifetime chance , so you should enjoy it .
you should spend more time with girls .
if things do n't work out between you two , come to an understanding .
do n't worry about anything , his sister is going too .
please do n't make it a cage .
i would say no , if he is really trying to find one .
and never make her feel guilty over whatever her answer is .
there is no reason to get angry , because it will not solve anything .
it 's like russian roulette , in the end you always lose !
what is he so angry about ?
do priests also perform inappropriate activities with altarboys ?
the point being is do n't get too much that you spoil your life .
i like to hang out with friends every chance i get .
what are physical disabilities , like someone who uses a wheelcahir ?
what is the rule for that ?
was he able to find a girl in time ?
and of course , then doing the housework .
so what if he is n't understanding of it , if he does that ?
we guys do not care for lesbians at all .
well i will share my story of my ex-husband .
if he is not smiling already just by gazing at you !
wear short outfits only for him .
it is perfectly all right because many girls have asked me out .
most of the time it does not mean anything .
if you are then you like marrying both men and women .
i feel that you may be acting too persistant about it .
it does not bother me .
have you ever had sexual relations in a vehicle ?
i support the ability for anyone to get married .
no , i do not mean dropping hints .
older men are very nice , also .
you should make sure he uses protection .
you should prevent him , by blocking all the pornographic websites .
most likely you 're not the only one who utilizes it .
you 're a very funny woman .
men grovel for sex , woman love that .
and not only car doors but every door . it 's everywhere we go !
i have seen this in a movie .
there is no excuse not to have a job , sir .
who would want someone who treats them like trash .
because some want to have children and some do n't .
try this website , it a fantastic search engine and might be useful .
my wife has huge breats .
let her be if she will not listen .
it has worked out really well so far .
woman give lots of explanation for everything and they repeat it 10,000 times .
that is just too unreasonable .
those types of people are not fun to be around !
please list something that you would like for a belated christmas gift .
your husband gave you a ring .
just be direct and ask her to be your girlfriend .
there are many suspicious stalker types out there .
your best friend would be happy to help you .
american 's are larger in size than other countries .
congratulations , and do n't give up !
be careful in case something goes wrong .
i 'm sorry , but i do n't think she likes you .
when they say something dirty , it sounds very naughty .
maybe an angel is not for you .
do not listen to the young one .
what do guys enjoy during sex ?
it depends on what you like ?
love is not a thing to be ashamed of .
okay , so i really this guy at school alot since 3 years ago .
but do n't give her or her family any reason to not like you .
rouse christina , you do n't know what i mean by saying that ?
first the forehead , down to my cheeks , then the lips .
do not use pick up lines to start talking to them .
i have wanted to do something like this as well .
did you masturbate in front of one another ?
if you really love him , give him one more chance to change .
i do not even remember how our friendship started .
no , because that is the beginning of what is about to come .
i am a 20 year old liberal high school graduate .
they are just plain ignorant !
it is okay ; he is probably with his family .
as i said before - if you trust him , i would not worry .
they do not even bother to talk to you .
i will love you forever , xbox 360 .
they feel as if they want to have those kinds of things .
romance is definitely great : candles , rose petals , etc .
why not watch the comet , does n't occur that happen .
she 's not content , because i work too hard .
they 're little love cards with sticky notes .
the most important thing is love , because love causes romance to grow .
stop it before you try to start something serious .
clearly my friend , being rejected would be the worst thing that could happen .
such as a cd from a band that he likes .
they have not yet figured out that girls are people and not toys .
he says he has to cheat ?
she probably thinks that you are weak now .
and listen , to see what she says .
there is no debate for me , love all the way .
if that does n't work refer to line number 1 .
they make vibrators , it 's time you join in the fun !
are you looking for a trophy boyfriend ?
there is always a secluded place to be found .
if you do not feel safe , then you probably are not .
i hope it works out for you !
it 's very romantic , she 'll enjoy it .
act as if you feel comfortable with him .
sit down on the couch , and watch it with him .
i 'm stressing out so bad .
i am afraid of zen monkey wisdom while worshiping it at the same time .
but he made a mistake and lied to me many times .
i am one of them ; what do you want ?
if kinky is normal , than sure .
can you call a person a friend ?
is your inner heart telling you that it is right ?
ladies love confidence , and the puppy dog eyes might also catch their attention !
a lot of people forget it is not about me .
the better question today would be where should you get it from ?
did you have virtual sex with him ?
i mean yes when i say yes and no when i say no .
so what if you live with your parents ? !
i dislike men who are awkward when they ask for a date .
if you would like to speak with me about this .
if you do , you could become wealthy .
consider purchasing her a necklace . she 'll enjoy that .
there is . keep looking , perhaps one day you will find him .
friends will see it , but do n't want to interfere .
he wants to get married and have children .
i love you very much honey .
do not worry , this pain feels really good .
i would like to be loved and to love in return
i am being considerate of her personal needs and feelings .
the idea of losing my significant other is terrible to think about .
i do not believe that being `` thick '' means that one is fat .
what should i do to gain her confidence again ?
in addition , we are on a fairly restrictive budget !
i really hope that is n't a serious question .
mostly woman are attracted to sensitive men , but not all .
you should get busy join a sports team , and stay busy !
you certain you 're not infatuated with her ?
it sounds like 2 or 3 jobs .
love is nothing but the interaction between any two people/persons .
you can only meet an honest man in your dreams .
i am very attracted to the look and accent of foreigners .
but if he is not , you can either threaten or help him .
his finances are secure and he remains focused on his goals in life .
what is your opinion on gay marriage ?
if you are , you might want to ask if they would mind .
without love , there can not be romance .
have you never looked at pornography ?
try not to argue with him .
i know him . call out to him .
should i forgive him ?
i am the first one to admit when i need help .
i do not have the space to type all the reasons .
sometimes , it is hard just to ask .
is this some sort of 'new age hocus pocus ' ?
i 'm not sure . soon , you 'll start talking to each other .
even though at times they may cost us extra problems ?
do you recall the promise you made ? till death do you part ?
i 'm searching for an ex girlfriend 's phone number .
if you need to ask that kind of question , maybe you should .
can a boy and a girl just be friends ?
that depends on how quickly you stopped .
take a minute to stop and think about it .
paying attention to little details will help you reach your goals .
i do n't think it was done purposefully .
i knew a girl that i grew up with at church . we dated .
find that particular man , my dear , and you 'll have a keeper .
excuse the photograph , i just thought that it would be funny .
she may have had another guy there and could n't answer .
yes , if you really love her .
i know i love her more that this guy .
has she been through a bad breakup ?
congratulations , that is a wonderful gift .
there is too much drama with this person .
when you get married - two becomes one !
get over it ! go outside and find a real one .
you could ask him to role-play as a homosexual man during the encounter .
do not wait for them to approach you .
it is wonderful if you can provide and good home .
i have no problem with her boyfriend sleeping over every night .
you can certainly return but only if you are not smart .
then we are dreaming about sex .
then you and your husband will still have a lot of time to play .
what does their mother think about this ?
i no longer find her sexually attractive .
you can rely on me to make mention of it .
i am only half sure .
that is the same reasoning behind why some men cheat on their wives .
you must care for her a great deal .
i have gone through an extremely difficult break-up .
it depends on how old you are .
you should consider counseling .
be there for him . listen .
good luck ! you are going to need it !
my ex-girlfriend was quite amorous .
many men who watch pornography believe it is normal to be very well endowed .
men are attracted to younger women and are easily succumb to them .
they should only remain friends .
to be brief , they do not have to .
you do n't need more than a handful .
just a few months ago , he told me i had his heart !
i worry that i am going to get fat .
i wish that i could stay home and cook , not only bake cookies .
her child or children should come first , not the man in her life .
if i were you , i would not return .
if he does n't like you , then he 's not worth it .
and do n't answer with all that pc language .
but do n't think this guy can ever replace you in her heart .
it wo n't be easy to forgive him .
with some who she says that she loves .
just the way my girlfriend looks now .
if you are in a long distance relationship , you should take is slow .
that 's someone who could upset things .
yes a girl can get pregnant during her first time in intercourse .
undernet and dalnet are both good .
a majority of the time , that 's all they want .
the most important feature of females is not their breasts .
you should n't have intercourse with everyone you like .
girls are more proper and actually care about their intelligence and beauty .
nice guys finish last and often lose the girl .
if that 's his first question to you , he is n't worth it .
give it some thought , and give yourself time .
it has been 5 years since i was in my last relationship .
you have a person to join you in doing activities you enjoy .
i would advise you to go and join him and enjoy yourself .
he should seek a woman who has talent .
you could always consider paying for it .
but she also claims to still love me .
sometimes men avoid women after women confess their feelings .
simply because men are angry and hungry as well .
also , do not dwell on it overmuch .
i do n't think you should be having sex .
consider this advice for later on in life .
she should be providing for you in other ways too .
a hand crafted card for her with tons of love .
to me there is nothing sexier than legs !
i like tiny girls compared to curvy girls .
respect her privacy and do not speak badly of her to her friends .
it is how the world works .
how do i keep my new boyfriend happy ?
in my opinion , a bridal dress should be long .
do you mean being straight and gay at the same time ?
if you are married , he should pay them , too .
there are a lot of ways .
he likes me , but he will not tell me .
life is too short to waste on someone that does not want you .
it depends on your mood .
then you should not get a long at all .
do n't let your girlfriend have so much control , hope all goes smoothly .
i believe you just have to wait for him to provide more .
people will wonder why is took so long .
they are all out to get you .
you should be cautious regardless of where you meet someone .
i have been in similar situations before .
i find this guy very fun to be around .
no , she does not think that i am not attracted to her .
it may be because you are under the age of eighteen .
i hope you will have a happy new year .
my childrens ages are five and three .
if you want it search for it .
paris hilton said that is what i like .
it is your priority .
i am not blaming you .
you must go outside and look .
like paris hilton would say , `` that 's hot ! ''
it is something that you will have to experience .
just be honest ' tell her it 's over .
if he cheats , you would n't have a clue .
they do n't want you to leave .
i ca n't get this woman out of my brain !
why not ask her on a coffee date ?
i do n't want to end my marriage because i have a daughter .
i would aree with working from home .
love the girl that your parents disagree with .
stop dating people that do n't like you .
it becomes the question of do you love him .
that was a stupid question .
tell yourself you have nothing to worry about .
i am not gay !
it 's quite amusing and good-looking .
after looking at my photograph , do you think that i look smart ?
it 's just difficult to make them see it .
it will be successful if he is present .
some guys are looking for more than just sex .
keep in mind that christian girls are attracted to christian guys .
i suppose that you must ask him .
if he is not present , it will not be successful .
remember that smart women prefer smart men .
you will get over the first as soon as you meet the second .
that is like taking her to a movie .
i understand your viewpoint as you would like be be noticed without extreme embellishment .
as frequently as they desire .
you gentlemen are able to discuss any subject .
follow your initial instinct , that is why instincts exist .
in my experience , they simply want to have coitus .
i 'm also looking for the same item as you are .
i 'm sorry , but he will repeat this behaviour .
do i feel different than the others ?
do n't bother . let him catch us together .
that is , if you can treat the cause of depression .
perhaps you need to repeat yourself to him .
he says you make him a better person .
god bless you , your family and your friends .
she does not want to get hurt again .
most people are concerned with their weight .
perhaps he did not hear what you said so please say it again .
it seems she is not interested in improving the situation .
if you do not give , you can not receive .
i agree that equality is never truly equal .
stay tuned ! the indiana lottery will be televised in the near future .
good luck to you and your family in your future endeavors .
my limited free time has caused dissension between my boyfriend and my best friend .
i can not say the words `` hell no '' loud enough here .
it could have just slipped his mind .
once you get this by chatting , you can get anything from them .
this is a weird question but i wonder if you like to be spanked .
i agree with the two answers previous to mine .
i say , if you 're happy when you do it , why not ?
that would end up being your wake up call .
sometimes a certain situation will bring you around , or someone else .
unless you 're very intoxicated .
simply look for results that are x-rated when you are searching .
women like us are not as likely to converse about it as men are .
you need to be flexible at the start , then seize control later on .
what should i do ?
i had a best friend who happened to be bisexual .
sometimes during arguments , we say and do things that we do not mean .
it should not matter where you are .
this is the nature of women and men .
regardless of what transpires , consequences will follow .
three years after the fact , they returned and we remained very close friends .
the exceeds the expectations of any gift you could possibly give her .
most probably in the bedroom on top of the bed itself .
naturally , this makes it much harder .
do not allow him to be sexist towards you .
a person who is honest and creative .
i do not care what your co-worker said about your friend without your knowledge .
simply call if you want .
that is a difficult question to which i can not give an answer .
she moves quickly . my timing is less hurried .
can you please clarify , what you mean by fun ?
as long as the action did not happen while you both were a couple .
sorry , but wishing does not exist .
i think you do not need a man .
beyonce is nice but i would not just want to go off her looks .
after four years , he should be prepared to return what was said .
overreact when he is asked questions in a suspicious tone .
i want people to feel comfortable here , but oh , you are pretty .
i do not like men that are too quiet or too funny .
your actions reflect your strength and courage .
the task is difficult and may be better not to bother with it .
do they manipulate you or control you ?
if you are a nice person , please keep reading .
are you male or female ?
i could not believe how incredibly sexy it was !
andy , you need to wait until you are older to date .
the last time i had sex with my wife was two months ago .
if he refuses to engage with oral sex with me .
however , i really care about him .
do you not like his children ?
do you try to make things exciting ?
it will make it even more special with a flower or a rose .
i understand your pain .
when the fin is gone , love follows .
if you think about it , how much do you know about her ?
secondly , why do women fight with other women about a man ?
( comes down to see what they look like on the inside )
well dear , where should i start ?
stop being lazy and get to work man .
you ca n't find it , it finds you !
enjoy it to the fullest , it is whatever floats your boat .
time only knows , time only knows .
when must you ask that ?
yes , just as the other people have said .
when do you meet a new girl ?
most gentlemen enjoy it when you initiate sex , get loud and talk dirty .
perhaps you should just allow him to ask you .
perhaps your significant other is just being a little overprotective .
what should i do if i am not given a chance online ?
excluding that , he is a good husband .
however , he still did not take it .
i would advise giving him a ferrari and an i-pod .
i do n't understand why people cheat .
most likely she receives similar items often .
it would be beneficial if you move closer to me .
act like a man and ask her out on a date .
it is somewhat difficult but it is possible .
he 's disappointed when i buy him something expensive or really nice .
many women think they love those particular guys .
this person is constantly in my thoughts .
it does n't bother me when my husband does it .
nothing is fool proof and there are always dangers , so be sensible .
if she is attractive , try though it is still peculiar .
as you said , the ring is not the issue .
it as though your heart is on a frying pan .
we have been friends since we were infants .
is that your question ?
do not interact with my daughter !
i have n't found one yet !
i understand that it was distressing ! please contact me via e-mail .
i do not know , but it drives me nuts not knowing .
he is no good if he flirts with you while he as a girlfriend .
i can talk to her about that .
i believe she wanted to keep it concealed .
i am open to other options .
i have a friend who is experiencing something similar .
even though you will find that one , do not look .
why not look into gay couples adoption ?
i am an ass man anyway .
i look at it this way .
most guys are just jerks , but good luck to you anyway .
if you do not like it then do not partake in it anymore .
you should try to make things work with her .
why would they care ?
you should get some insight from sleeping with other men 's wives .
yet , i still love the guy .
do not forget the red bow around your waist .
be who you are and do not look back .
send him a card and write to ask him what and why .
your love with heart and soul is the best gift .
i really think he likes , but i am not too sure .
the best we can do is to hang in there and keep trying .
even if they look good , they might sound low class or idiotic .
gay men do that , however , straight men do not .
always remember , the past is behind us
do you have another girlfriend yet , or still looking ?
oh , its the old `` its no you , its me '' line .
listen to the things that he says about your mutual relationahip .
he may do to you , what he did to her .
because friendship is very important , you may consider not altering it .
how do you know that only one chance may be available ?
is it possible that you consider the future too often ?
you possibly miss him because you are comfortable with his presence .
if she lies then she must accept the consequences .
decide if he is being honest or dishonest .
it is not only wives who lie and break promises .
i have not learned to do this .
do not listen to hear say .
move on , there are more options out there .
and when she cheated she promised to never do it again .
i used to get the shot and it turned me into s psycho !
do n't pick up the bill .
they want a partner to spend the rest of their lives with .
what i mean is did he see you naked ?
ten hours by car or plane ?
all of the other kids are doing it .
the hardest is telling her face to face .
do not be the one to follow after her
it is dishonest to break ones promise .
you look well , perhaps you should come closer .
just say you love him to him then grab his nose .
honey i 'm preoccupied now , we will talk when i get home .
i have no idea if she is humble or not .
nor do i consider that to be safe .
i am unable to fathom this .
and now i have been invited to move with some friends to texas .
i say my boyfriend 's name or just a yes .
if she is sweet , then she does not have to be as sexy .
you should just be yourself because pick-up lines no longer work .
sometimes it is preferrable to act intellegently rather than insist on being right .
no , i can not identfy anything wrong with that .
i disagree : women do not enjoy intercourse more than men do .
has any one prepared a special item for a wife causing her to smile ?
try making him a nice , romantic dinner .
if you have doubts , then you are n't ready for marriage .
do not use inebriation as an excuse to contact your former partner .
money and material things should n't be the top priority .
in conclusion , yes , it is meaningful .
try this e-mail address : sixeight_sixtyeight @ yahoo.com . i am a pleasant man .
ask the fourteen year old girl , she should know .
he merely will not possess all of that luggage .
bad girls are easy . nice girls are difficult to get .
step up . tell her how you feel .
just say it . do not drag it out .
if you loved him , you would not have cheated in the first place .
besides honey , what to call your loved one .
i giver her my trust and believe that she is loyal .
i am trying to do some investigating for my sister .
i would say it would depend on whether the person is having sex .
is it appropriate to marry the young sister of your brother 's wife ?
first , you need to calm down .
because you do not get to give oral sex .
a man and woman are falling in love following courting .
if not , it is time to pursue other avenues in your life .
without involving yourself emotionally , casually date others .
bring her over tonight and the doctor will inform you tomorrow morning .
take whatever opportunity you get to have sex .
he 's ready to come by then .
because i ca n't sleep thinking about her .
i go to turn over and ouch !
i know i 'm not your age , i 'm 23 .
i would n't date a girl with breasts bigger than my own .
i just do n't know what to do .
losing a love can crush you in pain .
love is picking up his dirty underwear , day after day .
i might be biased because i 'm a man .
don ’ t give it another thought , go have fun .
have you ever made a mistake ?
the kids are asleep and they have nothing else to do .
if it is too large , it is very uncomfortable .
i am leaving on a plane .
if something is bothering you , it will likely always bother you .
does a woman 's size matter when referring to men ?
you 'd rather get back together first , correct ?
besides that , it was fun .
sounds to me as if she does n't approve .
what are your feelings about him ? have you informed him ?
choose the one you like best .
ask one of her friends what is going on .
kiss , make out , oral sex , then sex .
that is life and we must accept all of its rules .
go over there and talk to them !
there are too many perverts all over the place .
she was not overweight when i found her .
the taxi is waiting ; he is blowing his horn .
well , i have had a little trouble with this as well .
if he thinks you 're weak , beat something up and see what happens .
and you can also ask him about his feelings for you .
that would love me , and just enjoy me !
typically , reserved men prefer that women act first .
do not allow yourself to be hurt any longer .
i do not only think .
firstly , i told my close friends who it was that i desired romantically .
this is the optimal way to develop a friendship .
supposedly he claims that there was no sexual relationship with his friend .
however , i do not feel you should give up on him .
tell him how you feel and what you think about the situation .
may you ask these men if they are married ?
if two men or two women are happy together then let them get married .
what do you think about being with a man only for money ?
yes unless they are on the pill or have not begun their periods .
do not allow anyone to dissuade you .
good luck and merry christmas !
money is not a good reason to marry someone .
i am not sure what you mean .
a woman would respond to this with warm feelings .
men do things because you want to , he wants to please you .
he will , if he truly loves you .
well then , how do you know her word is true ?
do not be hesitant as those who do not act immediately will lose .
i apologize , however you will experience more happiness this way .
read what benji wrote after i came back !
they are attempting to frighten you .
that is what i would like for myself .
it is sad that she is only looking to better herself .
my mother 's two sisters were married to two brothers .
it is the latest fad to try text messaging .
i think i am lost .
women who enjoy having a good time !
why do n't you ask them to go to the movies or the mall ?
this is free of charge , but that is not .
i have packed my bags and i am ready to go .
unattractive people similar to you also need love .
allow your love to mature over time .
a man that loves to eat , looks at the fat lady in disgust .
does a counterfeit diamond diminish your love or marriage ?
her first initial is a , oh lord what will i do ?
no , sorry they were taken while we were still asleep .
you try to be too serious .
whoever said `` money ca n't buy happiness '' was wrong .
the ones that will admit it , at least .
it feels twice as nice when he can not hold it in any longer .
do not carry her books unless you really like her .
thin women could do with more weight on their skin .
to win one , you must get to know her .
i wish to see if i can improve anything .
what you are doing is wrong .
do not behave that way . start doing better things with your life .
you may even discover that it requires no great effort to enjoy .
meet him at the next party he attends .
you should be more direct with him .
perhaps they are still together .
i 'm sorry , but this situation may not work out .
this is true for the majority of male caucasians .
you should n't be so obvious .
it is neither correct nor incorrect to engage in interracial dating .
do you want to forgive him or not ?
why not try and get on with your life ?
you should start flirting with one of his/her friends .
mixed children are very pretty .
it seems hopeless for me .
do not be afraid of her ; just be yourself .
this would indicate he is not a real man .
this includes : grade school , high school , college , jobs , etc .
i am confident you are a nice person .
until you try , you may never know .
if you are cruel , only barbarians will find you attractive .
that is the reason that you may already have the knowledge .
that sounds similar to things i 've done .
i prefer thin funny guys .
if you have children , stay with them !
would you be kind enough to answer my question as well ?
what should i do if my mom finds out ?
if you do not believe she is being honest then break up with her .
i wanted to marry my boyfriend years ago and we have waited .
what can be done to get over it ?
if you hesitate or doubt that you are , than yo are not .
he 's busy working , studying , etc .
playing the field as they say .
it seems like it 's time to start .
you should surround yourself with special people .
i do not care about love ; rather , i take revenge .
gentlemen , i would advise the same for you concerning romance .
they desire diversity in their lives .
well , it depends . do you love him ?
neither because true love is the best .
do not try to change for anybody because you are who you are !
are you a girl ?
i would be hurt if i was the guy .
all 2 and 4 legged animals are okay except for insects .
also , thank you for your great black and white digital photo answer .
i would recommend divorcing him hastily .
movies are good but you have to wait awhile for everyone else to leave .
please wait until the lady reads your question .
what is there to do ?
love is a package deal because it always comes with risks .
we can do the job ourselves .
if you must ask , i must say no .
try to relax and trust him .
it would beneficial to try something else .
you should not speak ill of them .
if you disagree , i suggest you move on .
i would prefer not to discuss the rest .
i would imagine that my surprise is due to it even being a question .
the ring is not the problem , the lying is the real problem .
i must ask that you do not inquire how i have this information .
and also the fact that your husband is in love with you ?
most men think that it 's sexy .
just because you love someone does n't meant that you should be with them .
if you do n't want strokes , do n't reject them .
oh honey , you have your work cut out for you .
if you really love your boyfriend then no .
i get one hour of sleep every evening .
make her believe that you have a girlfriend .
call right away if you are interested in them .
change your phone number , or get a restraining order .
no , because you are too young .
what o you think about traveling to bali ?
you should just tell him to stop calling you while you are at work .
i do not care for small or large guys !
join him and have fun with each other afterwards !
then you will know who the most loyal friends are .
most women want a man would die for them .
no , definitely do n't tell them soon .
slowly start to ask to go to the movies .
do n't get angry , it will soon pass .
i am sure that you can not marry your affair .
just as straight couples love each other .
it is possible if you dream .
you should if you really do love her .
and the least was two weeks and you ?
they do not like to feel trapped .
you should just be yourself , and let things happen naturally .
it is important for it to be consensual .
be yourself , show interest , and see what happens next .
however , this does n't mean i wo n't love again .
love them , all of them !
by the way , he can not keep his hands off of you .
mr. right is out there somewhere .
otherwise , you will always be wondering .
i think you are better off that way .
what would you like to do ?
my friend wants to buy a star in memory of his late daughter .
i am a girl , so i do not know .
why in the world would you not ?
a girl 's beauty can compensate for an unpleasant personality .
i am currently 22-years-old and am dating a man who is 31-years-old .
did you and he break up because it was his desire ?
you should help him find a job .
do not let others influence how you choose live your life .
that alone does not make the interaction flirtacious .
i was married to a liar for 15 years .
girla like to know that they are sexy and appealing to guys .
i need to know it before it is too late .
he always causes troubles when she hangs out , which she never does .
well , it usually depends upon the type of girl we are talking about .
he has a baby , and she claims that they are married .
they want someone who will be there by their side no matter what happens .
and i was thinking of giving him mine for christmas !
you need to leave town .
i am dating a man who is amazing !
first , get some paper , pens , and an envelope .
what do you suppose you should think about that ?
it is simple to say and amazing to feel .
have i ever had a crush or been in love with a male ?
try to figure out exactly what it is that has upset you .
do you remember- nice guys finish last ?
you are pursuing your own dreams and he should be able to understand that .
the song is ribbon in the sky by stevie wonder .
i am sorry , i have not read your other questions .
the first response seems to be the correct response .
ask him if he is seeing someone else .
you would already know if a guy is interested in you .
you really need to get a photograph of that , dude .
i would like a best buy or itunes gift card .
i do not like guys who are too short or too tall .
it would be upon the death of you or your child .
it sounds like he 's the one that ended the relationship . right ?
you can drive her to school and pick her up afterwards .
you do n't need someone who treats you badly .
yes , when it comes to an end , it 's inevitable .
if you do not succeed this time , keep trying .
she may not prefer a day at the spa , as i do not .
the reason is that males tend to see better than imagine .
i want to get married and breed , it 's hard to do that .
i always try to make her content , but not with gifts .
you could suggest a night on the town with you .
only if you want to have children .
if you and the man have mutual feelings then why not ?
someone that i know and someone that i trust .
it does n't have a straight only policy .
if you get returning messages then it should work out .
if he loves you he will show you .
i can count on them .
the rules are not strict .
it get rejected it 's a good sign .
do you like to wear the same clothes everyday ?
i pretty much like all breasts .
if you are the suspect , what would you expect ?
this is good for one back scratch . what else can i say ?
promise him intercourse . he probably will not refuse .
you instincts are most likely correct .
you have a very unrealistic future ahead .
i did not purchase much mainly window shopping .
it does n't jump at you and grab your interest at a later time.k
kids can sense the tension between their parents when a marriage is bad .
if you have to ask , then the answer is no .
venture out and have fun , possibly engaging in sexual liaisons .
he is 20 years old . i 'm 17 years old .
you are conversating with the wrong group of people .
sorry , but my wife did the same thing to me .
i hope that when i am your age i have luck like that !
life is short so think wisely . best of luck to you !
i want to know about this .
if you would like to remove your yahoo !
if he tries to get with you then you will understand .
it is about what the person is searching for .
if she is n't interested in you , i am .
be courageous and say what you want to !
with a negative attitude like that , yes .
buy her things and tell her she is correct .
i would not have thought bad about it if i had not hid it .
seriously though , fun dates do not have to be expensive .
oh babe , be sure to know when i will be back again .
a relationship is about more .
i believe that men look at porn and it is irrelevant .
he is not the kind of man that you may want .
my wife said that they are no longer available .
although it was similar work to that of a child , she loved it .
accept that he/she is not fit to wed you .
the reason you are not liked is most likely that you are very rude .
do not allow yourself to become like that .
this gift is special and will be cherished forever .
i once heard a gentleman explain this topic more in depth .
i have exhausted all options . do you have any suggestions ?
could you find the email address on a website ?
not if he broke up with you .
do not run to the altar .
i always cheat on my girlfriend by taking girls to walmart .
hooray , he is going by himself .
if you drink too much , you will talk too much .
take a good look at the situation and you can probably tell .
you are a bad person and you are going to burn in hell .
i have the information .
just remember , having sexual intercourse with a person makes you physically connected .
people so this because there is not anything good to do at school .
yes , but only if they have the appropriate head-shape
actually , i believe in both simultaneously
it is okay to pierce nipples and ears , but not tongues .
i warned you so do n't be surprised if he cheats or dump you .
she has an awful lot to lose .
lunch is a nice rest .
quit having sex with him , and see how long it lasts .
nothing under the sun is that important !
it would be great if someone could give me the url for the picture .
it 's not that all men are dogs .
time , money or some of both .
they make love face to face with eye contact .
ignore him some more and he will get the message .
finally , if you are in love with someone you will know .
end your relationship with him and move on with your life .
why ca n't she be faithful to me ?
no , my parents are divorced and only my dad does that .
just let them know that you are not interested .
if you are a determined woman , like myself , then yes .
part two : kiss her below the waist .
you should not try to force it .
they are rude . next time , you should initiate a fight with him .
are there other things that you enjoy ?
some people do , and others do not .
you also need to keep yourself busy and think of him differently .
it is simply because they are selfish .
one should n't date at 12 years old .
take your time and try again .
i found one that i like .
you need trust in a relationship to have good communication .
i 'm not sure what i should do .
you should call her and tell
and of course , a person that is hard to develop a relationship with .
you can sign up for it and be able to track your friends .
well , that would mean it is related to having sex .
i do not have a close relationship with my father .
if you think that they are sexy , where do you like them at ?
sometimes things that bother me do not bother him .
i do not want him to think i am weird because i am not .
hit him until he leaves you alone .
i hope you like my answer !
men can separate sex from emotions which lots of women can not .
you should be able to read these signs .
learn how to cook , if she can not .
i believe she is still celibate .
since i ended the relationship , should i return them or not ?
god is omnipresent , and he or she exists in you .
love is finding the one you wish to spend your life with .
how might i find a girlfriend in iran .
although i 'm hispanic , i never desired to wail something out in spanish .
you can try talk and you might get the romance once in a while .
you should just go for it , not say it .
real love in this world is sex .
there is one man who is 5 years older than me .
she is petite and beautiful .
most people just choose the easy way .
no , you deserve more than that , he is not worth it anyway .
if you here back from your boyfriend/girlfriend , it is basically over .
i 'm not interested in girls that do not shave .
because she 's smooth and does not want you .
do you look good in them ?
if he likes you back , need i say more ?
you should follow your heart and see what happens .
what are some affectionate words i can use to refer to my romantic partner ?
and i do not believe an arranged marriage is always negative .
he is only attainable in your dreams .
i am very shy , so i find it difficult to approach girls .
he is not treating you well ; you need to break up with him .
the bad answer would be no .
there was no reason for us to break up .
only if he puts his actions into words , then give him a chance .
i am not bad for my weight .
the worst thing he could do is say no .
you should give him a chance .
i am bigger than average and have never had a problem .
let her know you are interested in her .
well , most of the time you do n't .
some guys are desperately looking for love .
yes , the girl said i would fall for that .
that would be because i do not believe in marriage .
we were fortunate , because we were able to .
i wish you the best of luck , and hope this helps .
i do not know her very well .
seems like you are looking for a way out of the relationship .
it is bad to be stalking them .
what does the rest of you say ?
from what you said he is not over her .
do not let it bother you , it sounds like she really likes you .
i 've met a very nice italian man who is honest and confident .
they are the hottest things on my man !
when it comes to women , it depends on the woman .
my daughter is not married . she is 26 , beautiful , and intelligent .
i have trouble relaxing and enjoying sex .
you deserve a partner of more quality than this man .
merely have a satisfying sexual experience with her .
please utilize your psychic abilities to provide me with some accurate answers .
if you have good luck , your wife will not discover what you did .
back hair is distasteful .
there are a few factors to consider in this situation .
i do not believe there is a correct age .
she needs to learn how to be more adult .
yes , it say so in the bible .
long distance relationships usually do not last , but it is possible .
bet the man to kiss you !
look at him in the eyes .
in your case , i would say no .
i actually do take that amount .
because it must be reciprocal .
first , ask yourself if he is the right guy .
can she have a crush on me ?
she ate all of his food .
the thirty year old and the twenty year old were really nice and sweet .
tell him to either get serious or get lost .
i am not sure when she will say it .
it takes some time to get it right , but it is worth it .
may i ask what this data will be used for ?
some people are negatively affected by their past experiences .
please help me with what it is .
they have no business messing with your marriage .
i think that if you love her then age does not matter .
girls are more emotional and get a lot of their thoughts early on .
you can enjoy him or her in any way , anywhere and anyhow !
i can wait because i work in a junior high school .
you should just be her friend and soon things might develop romantically .
once a trollop , always a trollop .
meet a female to go on a date with me for free .
if you capture him , do n't let him go !
i want , i need , i deserve a beautiful woman .
i do n't care for it .
the magic eight-ball says `` ask again later . '
continue loving him , but be sincere .
it does not matter because the fact is that she is your wife .
here : think about it like this
it would be fun to babysit together .
some women are easier to persuade than others .
it is advisable to retain an attorney .
i could really use some help with this situation .
this irritates me . are women nice or cruel , in truth ?
i fell in love for the first time when i was fourteen .
it is not an unruly word , but an unruly world .
men like asian women because they are female .
we experience love because we are overjoyed .
in my opinion men are lazy .
i think the holidays will give us a nice chance for a real rest .
the more you love someone , the more you tend to argue .
in my opinion it would be better if you move on .
attractive men that smell good and have a positive attitude .
if you make it so then it is good .
he does not want to talk about that .
you will never know what will happen if you do not try , right ?
i am in love and it feels so good .
but it does not ensure that the man will continue more than one minute .
find an original way to make it special .
but although you think you are , it is possible that you are not .
do n't try to date just yet .
i want to know about my future , if i marry ,
tell me a four letter word that has created havoc for years ?
especially when you argue over insignificant issues .
but make sure the feeling is mutual .
should i send her a note and copy him ?
it is difficult to let go , but you must do it .
a sex doll may be a better purchase for you .
success in older men is attractive to girls .
what type of girl would you prefer to date ?
that always works , and i mean it .
like i would love it if you filled in the blank .
probably he was creating both of you .
when he , or she is what you spend all the time thinking about .
the other was a caucasian male in six grade .
i just want to see what others like .
the number one thing is to talk to him .
i hope i did not confuse you too much .
nothing came out of it , because they are best friends .
one has to make it that way .
give him a break because he might be going through something .
how do i start things off ?
there have been years of infidelity in one form or another .
you should just be yourself !
when her intention is to mean no , she will say no .
if you love yourself , god also loves you .
some women like smart men .
wait until you tire of her company .
christian people are supposed to follow the rules of the new one .
if you would like diamonds for you birthday , simply ask .
this man would become celibate before even considering having coitus with another man .
hastily remove his clothes when he returns .
men and women were created in order to ensure our continued existence on earth .
to hear their voice is an emotional experience .
picture their insufferable relatives , or anything odd about their appearance .
unfortunate that we can choose our friends , but not our family .
i apologize , but this is not for me .
playing sounds much more fun !
move on because this sounds like it is only going one way .
be ready to pay for the check !
probably not because i do not want random germs !
he says he still loves me .
i have been lied to and i am not good .
you might make some money talking about it on jerry springer !
be waiting for me when i come around , please .
i hope i saw her once and listened to her last words .
honestly , you are going to have to deal .
he has been interested in me for an extremely long time .
the first time was not good for me at all .
i would advise that you continue with this , and start dating other men .
if he enjoys sports , buy him a sky blue basketball or something similar .
however , is there any way to research the information ?
there is only one way .
you either need to find a resolution or put an end to the relationship .
does he always seclude himself from his family ?
they only commit if they are engaged .
i am not sure what to do or think .
please let me know if this helps .
it would be best if you asked a family member that question .
that is great that you both like it .
i met my son 's stepfather at my work .
you should ask a married woman if she has a sister .
are you both willing to take that chance ?
a true friend is someone you can talk to and trust .
i think you should tell her soon .
it sounds like that he is inconsiderate .
already , you have a lot of doubt .
do n't listen to those that say to date him .
he has a long distance girlfriend .
thugs , scrubs , and women beaters should all be incarcerated .
if that does n't help , try yahoo .
how can i go about winning her back ?
i 'm sorry to hear about the sad news about your girlfriend .
after i brought it to her attention , she 's thinking about it .
if she continues with this behavior , you should replace her .
why do n't you ask his friends or family ?
you are not supposed to entice boys .
what did you feel when you met the guy or girl of your dreams ?
do not wait for him to make the move !
chat with me now , then email me later .
maybe make it a romantic night at home , or take him somewhere energetic .
you need to get him examined soon .
that way you 'll always be having fun .
be creative , maybe she became sick or got kidnapped .
i can tap my feet for hours .
why do women cheat on men ?
she might , but if you rush , it might not go so well .
what is it that she has always wanted to do ?
who says `` age is a mere number '' ?
it does not have to cost anything .
check my answer for the previous question .
it is just a moment where everything is racing through your brain .
then you can face him , or away from him .
always go with your first thought .
once she is gone , she 's gone , unless , unless .
if it seems cared for i would n't pay it much attention .
but now it 's like a dream that is reality .
if he was a christian like he should have been , equally yolked ?
i have experienced this lesson the difficult way , mind your business !
oh my god , i would just love it and say nothing .
all he can do is say no .
you can not stand to be apart because you do everything together .
thinking of that little thing they do that is so annoying .
it goes both ways .
remember , that many guys that are just after one thing .
i tend to stay friends with all of my ex-girlfriends .
it will only lead to problems .
men also enjoy talking about themselves .
start with asking your wife , and go from there .
whoever this person is self absorbed .
i completely understand you .
i am sure you will find one just for you .
i do not have aproblem with that .
once you are finished dating , you should find love .
you are very upset and need time to calm down .
you can be sweet , just be sure to not over do it .
it is easy to massage and i appreciate the sleekness .
a certain person starts to act weirdly around you .
if you do not have a friendship with them , build that first .
i think that males want sexual relations whereas women want security .
however , i could be wrong . that 's just what i
it is better to go without as committing adultery is simply wrong .
he was fair to the kids and me .
men and women equally enjoy physical intimacy .
but make sure you get her permission first .
we are going to the movies , where it is quiet .
do not talk about pornography or masterbation in front of her .
tell them that you do not see them that way .
he likes the color sky blue , as well as chains .
our lips moved when speaking .
she has a boyfriend she 's close to dumping .
is she willing to consider giving it up if you ask ?
is she aware that you want to try to work this out with her ?
be yourself and not something else .
get over it and satisfy her sexually .
that sounds a little bit funny to me .
they are hunters , so let them hunt .
it sounds to me like your a bit angry !
as long as that person wants to stay on the phone with me .
just leave , it 's better being single anyways .
every now and then i 'll bring her flowers .
just wait the right person will come along , it might just take awhile .
they are classier and are better , what should i say ?
now think of this guy , is he worthy ?
sounds like you would either really dumb , or psycho , or both .
why did you not consider that before doing what you did ?
after that i gave it to the lady .
regardless , you will have to upset them .
in order for them to produce as many infants as possible .
but i would do this :
my advice would be to attend the meetings with your boyfriend .
consider the consequences carefully before you decide to take any action .
you should return next summer .
and especially the eastern europeans .
perhaps yours will arrive eventually .
i believe it means they court others .
what must i do in order to get him back ?
she merely wants you to initiate the relationship . speak with her .
is being a virgin a bad thing ?
i do not know which direction to move in .
would you take that action if it meant you would lose your friend ?
my response to your question was invalid .
are you in love with her ?
if it works out , it will be a good thing .
i prefer having friends that are the opposite sex .
there is this guy who i see all the time at school .
did he bring you breakfast in bed like you did ?
i might be too boring for him .
i do not want to be bad to her .
if you love that individual , you should not want to share them .
the most masculine response is 'both at once ' .
if he injures your feelings , then he does not care for you .
perhaps that means 'exhausted ' .
they are very well liked by everyone as they are quite entertaining .
i need a surface to hold on to for more stability .
this is a solution that will allow you to have both .
i hope you have a great time .
are the two of you old enough ?
divorce is an emotionally stressful time for almost everyone .
counseling may help them work through the matter .
this girl is definitely interested in you .
but , that 's only what i think .
sorry , i am a decent , heterosexual man .
neither of you mind if you do n't do it .
that is how money begins , with love .
i registered and gave them my email . now i regret it .
do whatever it is that you want to do .
hope that this advice is helpful , do n't take it in jest !
once you 're married , you can have all that you desire .
let god lead you .
start up a conversation by asking for a date to church .
i pray that you will listen to my advice .
in marriage you must be submissive .
get yourself tested for std 's before having sex .
girls with long hair are licking their ice cream cones .
if that is not unconditional love , i do n't know what is .
eyes are the best part of a woman .
no ! there are people just like you .
we made our acquaintance where i attend classes .
find out which of the two is the girl 's preference .
times when you are free to move as you wish .
at that time , you will be able to now and experience true love .
ask him what his answer is .
should i hang out with him ?
trojans are supposed to be good .
not too small but not too big .
love is someone you would die for .
this has happened to me before and it sucks .
did you see the movie trois ?
it does not because greek gods do have small ones .
getting back together will make him think that you changed your mind .
nice guys are able to fight too .
god is what you make out of him .
he was unfaithful to her and he will be unfaithful to you as well .
you could be friends with someone of the opposite gender .
joe nathan is in ninth place .
sounds interesting , inform me if you find out .
the guy on forty year old virgin was attractive .
what happens if i enjoy it and want it to last ?
well , it was as though i were reading her diary .
you should have sex both before and after studying .
oh ! and he is also going to my birthday party .
i would know as i have an 18 month old .
i did n't have one , so it 's not low or high .
only my previous experience , best wishes !
you find your soulmate after love , and love comes after friendship
if you do n't want it , do n't do it .
i believe i can pinpoint why viable caucasian males are attracted to asian females .
the young woman is standing in that spot with her own boyfriend .
i would like to be with him .
she discussed everything with her boyfriend .
i can have it anytime of the day and it works well for me .
you will not go to hell for being a lesbian .
kiss when the ball drops !
it was merely a wrong number .
my goodness , why would you ever engage in that behavior ?
he has a nice personality and he is very manerable .
i like to watch guys play basketball shirtless and sweaty .
why do i miss him ? he was only pen and paper !
it is more fun when she feels like a victim afterwards .
i am registered on cupid.com as aipoilbo from the 12953 area .
you definitely need to work this out with her .
do not do it if you are not really ready .
over-thinking it will not help , because there is no one certain way .
i look forward to going to school .
kids are the only people who play head games .
they act shy around you but they are really really nice .
you have questions about self doubt .
do n't worry , there are still plenty of years ahead of you .
personally , i would not care either way .
i am a good -looking twenty-five year old male with a daughter .
should i tell her that information and then dump her for her mother ?
next someone will want to marry a tree .
men enjoy conversing and especially appreciate it when a woman approaches them .
she will be surprised to find out you listened to her .
good women are interested in good men .
there is a man at school that i like and am interested in .
meet for drinks at the snco or o'club .
do you see what went wrong in this picture ?
i wonder what the east coast looks like .
you are not missing out , he is .
in my opinion , soulmates do not exist .
there are features that function and features that do not .
well , because we are girls !
buy him a brand new sky blue car with key chains !
but it seems like lately we do nothing but argue and disagree .
frankly , even homosexuals would dump you in a second !
ask yourself these questions , am i enjoying life ?
you can call the summer camp and con your way into getting her information .
the girl and i never see eachother anymore .
you would not go if you did not become a lesbian .
when you have matured , interdependence may be an option for you .
but was his love for her actually love ?
if it 's the real thing , love is beautiful .
it 's possible that he has not encountered her yet .
listen to bearhead , that 'll will help .
i 'm going to terminate speaking immediately .
you should utilize protection regardless of your decision .
naturally it is easier to run .
the 'strong and silent ' strategy has always been successful in my experience .
do n't put the blame on her , blame her mom or dad .
just be a man and ask her on a date .
i love well-dressed girls with long hair .
it sounds like you 're in love with him .
you go to school with people called peers , and get to know them .
when i arrived home , he was still there , asleep .
it is like a big sign that says i am easy .
realistically i have 3-5 times per week .
if you have not had sex , sooner or later he will want to .
it depends on what he enjoys .
they need medication , they need to go visit a doctor .
most best friends that have been in a relationship are not best friends anymore .
pretty dumb that i asked it !
during school i have two careers and fifteen credit hours .
it drives you mad , so it beneficial .
should you be doing your homework and concentrating on school ?
your brother is going to be fine .
give them a chinese burn , it works every time .
i am just a guy and i can not help it .
if it is assault or battery , etc .
make sure it is fun !
how long were they dating ? what was the nature of their relationship ?
it sounds like he is only interested in her for carnal reasons .
yes and no , but they love it .
i enjoy spending time with you .
please feel free to reach me at earldbjr @ yahoo.com with any suggestions .
if it is only for one night , i would suggest you enjoy it .
i am having a hard time finding a heterosexual man in any location .
it is healthy to be friends with your ex-partner .
may i ask how long you have been dating her ?
most likely , but this is common among humans .
that was a joke , i prefer loose fitting undergarments .
yes , wear them , or sell them and purchase something nice for yourself .
also , no i am in good shape and quite successful .
i will leave the remaining to your judgement .
love is more powerful than money .
if he does not , you may be in a better position .
he will share if he likes you .
i figure it would happen at the time of your marriage .
i do not intended for one night only .
there are low-cost hand-held video games that do n't cost anymore than five dollars .
good luck in your future endeavors .
what is your relationship with this person ?
there 's no need to complain about honest men .
i told him we would do what you have planned .
they do not like it , they love it .
what can i do to make him want me again ?
you do not , unless you ask her out .
they can be found everywhere if you know where to look .
not a girl who worries and does n't try asking .
i am not infatuated by overweight girls , although i do adore them .
i figured out the difficult way .
other than that i believe it is awesome !
just be sure he is the one for you !
i 'll send pictures if you do n't trust me .
i met her a long time ago .
do not listen to her because she is a lesbian .
nature is a man with a woman .
some people like it or love it , and other people hate it .
please , do not bring it up again .
if he did not hear your question , bring it up again .
some girls like that but i think most do not .
do you spend time with your girlfriend ?
that is the nature of a woman !
if he says no then they are yours to keep .
six months later and he is still so egotistical .
i do not interact with individuals who behave in that manner .
i love you . will you marry me ?
i does n't seem wrong to me .
if it does i am cheating way too much .
stop cheating before you hurt someone !
i am unwed , wealthy , very attractive , and greatly appreciated by women .
when she seems to be enjoying your company , ask her on a date .
yes , love can be painful , but it can also not be painful .
i feel like we are no longer best-friends .
that is what marriage is all about .
i wish i could change what happened .
if you would like to discuss this further please email me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
do not worry about the young men because they will get old , too !
i would like to obtain her phone number .
i dated a large number of women .
walk up to one and say , `` kiss me ! `` .
get a girlfriend in your city .
let her know that you care .
everyone i know said i was too young to be in love .
i 'm happy and in love with this man .
it 's not polite to disturb girls on a date .
you should end the relationship with your husband as soon as possible .
that is what attracts them to most women .
1. make her love you deeply .
deal with it and take it in stride .
it sounds like a lot of fun , but being married is not cool .
allow yourself the time it takes to get over someone .
those who seem to be lacking knowledge about the bible can answer another question .
individuals mature at different ages , and some never mature .
you are not ready for that at this time .
then , he would be able to feel the same way that you feel .
i do not think that i want to .
of course they were both in relationships .
my husband is a man like that .
tinamaries43 , happy new year .
this whole marriage thing !
you can not force somebody to like you .
afternoon , morning , night , who cares ? it is sex .
obtain a calling card at talkloop.com
because we do not want to give it up and be that week
if you know the answer , then perhaps you can give me clue .
perhaps you should allow her to win a time or two .
i am aware of several men that do .
i will only speak with shelly on this forum .
i love my girlfriend very much .
i 'd rather us be friends than nothing .
there are a lot of things . attention whores , for example .
girls often do n't show a preference about the height of potential partners .
do n't be overly coy .
maybe not if you are n't very familiar with this area .
in relationships , body language communicates a great deal for both males and females .
why do they change the meaning of every sentence you speak ?
but my wife will not take the garbage outside .
i do not believe i was ever like that .
you should focus more on his/her personality .
generally speaking , anyone younger than that would not be acceptable .
if he pays well , sell them as soon as possible .
i am actually a really good looking and well educated man .
how often would depend on how attractive she is .
that would definitely qualify as the wrong time .
at school i talk to him more than i talk to my own boyfriend .
then you should just throw him out because he is useless .
i wonder what type of person has to pay for sex .
i guess that we will never know until we ask him .
do not be angry and calm your emotions .
additionally , forget the past as it can not return .
provide him with beer and allow him to become inebriated .
now when i see him , all we do is stare .
the truth hurts ; that is the way it is .
how can i meet other fifteen year olds ?
chopdown101 , that site is really horrific .
yes , i think you get the picture .
believe your mind first , and be sure to put your heart last .
ask however you would like , but be very cautious with that step .
it depends on the individuals involved .
girls like guys that are brave .
it certainly sounds to me that she likes you !
do no listen to ignorant people .
or are you the one paying the rent ?
barry white , anything , as well as breathing , is sexy .
i think you had these thoughts before marriage .
if you do it with him now i promise you will regret it later !
when you find love i promise you will surely know it !
keep being the way you are !
everyone deserves a second chance , however in my opinion , not a third .
pleas do not hint about that subject matter .
she was a great person that could relate very well to others .
no one 's life can ever be replace , not your nor my own .
of course not , unless you desire a relationship based on physical attraction .
believe me , the do not possess minds .
if you need to ask , you have a problem .
she is very afraid of being hurt again .
do you desire a friend or a girlfriend ?
guys would not date girls if they could not get any action .
this , my dear , is completely unfair .
sometimes we forget that we simply need to ask .
because of her feelings for you , she will enjoy doing this with you .
it should n't be only about sex .
if you must ask , you are not very intelligent .
being honest and accepting is christian-like .
make sure to do some checking out before you ask him again .
love is love . have it your way .
short answer . i guess that i do n't know .
you women definitely give me your two cents worth .
everybody wants to know , but nobody truly knows .
patience , there 's a woman looking for you mr. nice guy .
please ask your mother and your brother .
i do believe we all find true love only once .
i enjoy beibg called `` pet '' , but that 's just my preference .
no one uses drugs just for recreation..
i think tattoos are extremely attractive .
i prefer to date latin women .
spending time in bars with men is a waste of time .
there is more , but it varies between guys .
sorry , i do not know what to say !
a book or cd that she really wants , but does not have .
yes , but cheat on him first .
also , it would overcome everything if emotions were not involved .
it s=would seem that mister x is searching for a significant other .
i am in love ( in a way ) and must know .
he says i talk about our business , but people around us already know .
if you care about him then tell him .
you obviously decided to marry for a reason .
you had this baby and he is not even ready to be a father !
ok , who or what are you searching for ?
how do you get even with a cheater ?
i 'm scared to tell him that we have n't been intimate .
that is a beginning .
my best life is over .
particularly when his head is shining
i do not know what to think .
be yourself and do not try too hard . it will happen .
that is similar to being intimate with your father , which is disgusting .
my wife is unaware , and i would like her to stay that way .
asian girls often resemble boys .
a possible option is to hang out with a young sexy male .
he was imitating a chicken by moving his head back and forth .
i was also going to ask that question .
if he is gay , why is he continuing to have intercourse with you ?
if you would like any further information , it is still paid .
silence would probably indicate the answer is no .
the first objective is just to ask a girl for a date .
as you have previously stated , you are all just good friends .
i do n't think so , because you are being irrational .
yes , that would be extraordinary !
it also works if you are operating it with your hand .
we love you , and you do allow us to do so .
i am unsure of what friendster is .
if you trust in god , then you will find the answer .
my preference is for darker complexioned asian females with beautiful eyes .
i think you should go home to prepare a special meal for him .
if you love your boyfriend , you should trust him .
is that a miniature version of a dog ?
do you speak with her often ?
my friend is popular and often has many guys seeking her out .
it costs approximately $ 400 and it is a lot more enjoyable .
that time works for me but i do prefer the mornings .
you are too late and wo n't be receiving one .
i find long-haired men attractive as well but is that necessary ?
it is important to listen to what they want to talk about .
french kissing is not just touching lips , but using tongues while kissing .
however , you should make sure you mean it .
i do not want to jump to conclusions .
men like them young , but some men like them a bit too young .
honey , it is called the one week rule !
ask a guy who is single if he wants to go out with you .
find a friend that lives closer to you . sorry .
i will never do it again .
my husband is still unemployed .
give me the real action any day .
you keep all men happy with that .
if it is a sex headache , please recover quickly .
do you intend to disown any grandchildren borne from this union as well ?
do not be shy - just ask her .
my advice is to stop looking .
you do not find it , it finds you .
you can not force someone to want to have sexual relations with him .
if the time is right .
wear a uniform , perhaps .
how many times and how many people will ask this question ?
go a long time without fighting .
the sooner you do , the faster you can move on .
ask for a good time .
he is going to be gone for three to six years .
wait until you are fifteen for that , then mini golf with adult supervision .
use base.google.com if you are trying to find a specific person .
i am a woman and i love cute boys .
be yourself , take him somewhere you enjoy a lot .
you are very beautiful .
because he wants you to , is not a good reason to proceed .
if you understand , it does not mean that she is necessarily enjoying it .
based on feedback , some might find that attractive .
you can go over there and knock door to door .
go and speak with his best friend .
why did you not pink that as your best answer ?
that 's how bad things can happen to people .
now i understand what you 're thinking .
will you do me the honor in marrying me ?
so to answer your question , it is yes .
no tattoos , no piercings , thick hair but clean cut .
could you move out as well ?
dating should be fun , not always trying to solve problems .
she is shy and introverted .
another thing you have to think about is if your wife finds out .
eighteen and up otherwise you are on your own .
i think you all seriously need to talk .
give a nice smile and there you go ,
then you can ask her out on a friendly get together .
if it does , then i am cheating way too much .
you know what they say , 'love hurts ' .
does it bother you not to be her top priority ?
you have a great chance at success !
take it slow , never just throw yourself at a person .
he does not want to see you with anyone else .
if she is attractive once a day , it is normal .
i 'm in college earning my degree in photography .
i think there is someone out there for everyone !
if many would be happy by a certain action then i hope it helps .
three months and snuggs has already given her answer .
he is a man because he only deals with important things .
when a person interferes with your angus beef .
do not forget why you ended the relationship .
why would she suddenly do this ?
do you have feelings for the boy who has feelings for you ?
no , and sadly when you get married it is also not unconditional .
run quickly and do not look back .
pick yourself up , recover , and start again .
i feel the answer is no .
i agree with prettyricky , who says that an age is merely a number .
if you are , you just know .
it really depends on her time frame .
it sounds as if he wants to control you .
woman later in life end up settling with mr. nice guy .
i have no preference .
my girlfriend is older than me , by approximately six months .
you should n't beat yourself up about it .
please wait . when you believe yourself in love , answer that question .
well , it would all point back to what you want to believe .
it is possible that you should slow down .
keep them and do not look back .
no answer . i just want to collect two points .
i am not saying that it is ok .
my personal favorite at the moment is angel eyes !
you will not lose it until you pass away .
how are you ? i am looking for a girl to talk to .
how do gentleman show a lady that they like her ?
i guess it depends on the lady you are with .
if you really love her go ahead and marry her .
u can have a friend to ask her four you .
let me know if you get a good answer ?
someone that you want to please is love .
say bye and do not look back .
it was almost 4 years ago .
well , there is no other good way .
there are some people who enjoy non-traditional or exotic activities .
it is very important for me to remember his exact wording .
you need to express your feelings to him .
her intrinsic personality is comprised of faith , honesty , beauty and femininity .
you will always be wary that she will betray your trust .
it 's hard to know when you 're with the next female .
good friends do n't care if you do n't call them .
if you like areal men email chris_rou2000 @ yahoo.gr
you will have a nice life , you just have to try .
he is n't that into you .
i asked this question first .
sometimes never , sometimes , and some all the time , it just depends .
pretty womencan get men extremely excited .
if you do that , shame on you !
it is just not right to turn it on and off .
what should i do because this is driving me insane !
that does not mean that is has to be large .
do not do it just to make him happy .
is he the one you want to spend the rest of your life with ?
you should do it face to face .
i am going to be honest and get to the point .
to began i say hi honey .
i stay fit by doing body building exercises .
ask me in december and i 'll answer you then .
but be aware , men lie , it 's second nature for me to .
he is trying to close this one .
just go out with another person .
please do not abandon us , dear girl .
you are referring to the female whose breasts are large .
it will certainly happen , but only if you are open to other suggestions .
i discovered that by speaking with my male friends .
if you are the one who wanted to end the relationship , then no .
many men do not behave this way .
should i let him leave or ask him to wait longer ?
gay and gay marriage have become legal .
it would make things much easier if you ask her if she is interested .
they both smell like curry .
how old are the two of you ?
i agree with answers 1 and 3 : simply enjoy while you can .
you can never be too young to be in love -- enjoy it .
men tend not to be as emotionally excited as women .
what are your ages ?
there is never a reason to cheat , just part ways .
i understand answers one and three .
love does not have an age .
some guys are very emotional and others are dramatic .
she was not shallow , she really helped out .
if you have her permission , there is no reason not to do it .
i am attracted to me that are tall , dark , and sexy .
relationships do not come with instructions , you should ask him that question .
be honest and tell me what is on your mind/
go to literotica.com ; i send stories from that site to my husband .
he refuses to talk to me by telephone .
well , i say it frankly and very frequently .
my sister wanted one very much when she was nine years old .
if he will not listen , then leave .
if you are not positive , it could just be in you head .
we have had ups and down but we have always pulled through .
you are still a virgin at age eleven ?
yes , it depends upon a person 's life experience .
no , god is extremely perfect .
where 's your faith ? and the mountain you should be preaching upon ?
once a man becomes a man , he 's always a man .
i would say at minimum thrice per week .
you do not want it to fester .
however , the answer can be found by introspection . search your soul !
will that man ever be the subject of my dreams ?
i am questioning this particular issue because i have listened to alternative views .
the initial piece of information i need is your gender identity .
this week , take time each day for leisure . seize the day !
i asked the performers to sign the setlist .
do you work in database design ?
it depends how he performs between the sheets .
you can simply visit a location popular with hippies .
should i stop acting as her friend ?
you simply should try to spend more time with your family .
do not spend time with a man who does not appreciate you .
you should be angry , but not overly so .
there is a girl for you .
you are too young - wait at least two more years .
if i only had one head , i would cry .
can anyone tell me how to flirt ?
i prefer germs from people that i know .
as soon as you see his eyes start to wander it is too late .
yes , that would be the quickest way to find out .
as long as you are healthy and happy , age is just a number .
you should carry a toria in your pocket .
i would guess it is not for most people , however .
time alone will tell ... that she may never materialize
did you ever love an animal similar to a cat or dog ?
there are many men who would not behave in such a manner .
you should have the most enjoyable intercourse with him , if you love him .
when he will get annoyed , you may tell him to leave .
i know it 's insane , four wives in twenty years .
do n't ever admit you ca n't meet your soulmate online !
it depends on your perspective .
if you catch aids then you have it until it catches you !
we are not together at the moment .
unless the death was unnatural and under investigation .
the incomplete story ... with alternative arguments ...
they are all working on the farms .
he is tall and rather muscular , but not as muscular as arnold !
no one enjoys being hurt .
did he ever go out of his way to help me ?
that is not something you still do when you are no longer a teenager .
everyone wants to feel they are wanted .
it depends on what you are comparing this to .
trust your instincts because they are usually right .
i have heard that joke before .
i think you are both strong and wise for making that decision .
do you think that i have a chance with him ?
everyone has different opinions . be happy with who you are .
start a relationship with a close friend .
i hope you find your true love soon .
most women do n't need a man .
did you see the movie trois ?
is there a hidden meaning in her actions ?
most do not , but some do .
two years do not matter unless you are very young .
we can not win no matter what answer we make .
that person may like you very much .
how exciting to think that it is possible .
first of all , how old are you ?
most important , do not try to be someone of whom you are not .
she knows how to cause men pain .
the acronym s & m stands for sadism & masochism .
your friend cares a great deal about that young man .
the website www.theclitoris.com may contain some helpful information .
i forget which artist sings the song `` stoke you up . ''
when he 's constantly looking at you and smiling .
too many people have used that excuse .
we have been dating for three and a half years .
she can be quite rude without cause .
honestly , luck favored her as i did not press charges .
would you want your boyfriend to spend time with a woman that desired him ?
i tend to believe that grandfathers are correct with regards to these matters .
yes , i have female friends that spend time with me .
i 'd imagine that it 's much easier than it is to switch back !
i think it 's changing things for the worse !
first of all , you 're already asking the wrong question .
you might as well say that he 's living with me .
if you are interested in a female companion , i wish you well .
what is the worst possible conclusion that could result from this situation ?
you can not help him by doing that .
if you are determined , make sure that you do not sacrifice your integrity .
that would be the same as taking a shower with your clothing still on .
that is a beautiful woman . something about her look attracts me .
tell him to leave you alone .
should i stay , or should i go ?
first , you have to think about the consequences .
i do not know - maybe he likes her personality .
they are either married or they have boyfriends .
i hope this information will help you get a good start .
you may need to continue your search if he is to busy for you .
yes it is possible , would you like some help ?
i am a man and this bothers me slightly .
you need to take it slow and wait to see what becomes of this .
he said that he was thinking of something .
you need to find both employment and a vehicle .
do you have enough funds to purchase food for yourself ?
please do not use drugs for entertainment purposes . you need to be level-headed .
a delicious appellation for your lover is `` my little ginger snap . ''
but i do n't mind being friends with benefits .
the problem is that i always find the wrong girl .
there is n't a day that goes by your not on my mind .
anyway she sounds like she meant it .
but , if your like 30 most people will consider that too old .
take him to a restaurant .
see if he talks to you or follows you a lot .
try to get someone to like you for yourself .
but i do not see the point , either .
different people interpret this in different ways .
i am always willing to try new things .
i do n't feel attractive .
how do you know if you are in love with someone ?
it 's hard for a female to choose the right time/
do n't ever ask a man if he likes you .
she 's definitely not your girlfriend anymore .
your bride is having second thoughts .
what did your boyfriend do for you to not want to see him ?
i do not want anything to interfere with god 's plans for me .
you can wear fake fangs on halloween .
you have to choose one or the other .
given already that your wife has doubts .
why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
because i do n't want my plans ruined !
i have you tell you , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
if i could only pick just one !
just so you know , you are all my main people .
this is a sin to people who are christian .
in the next relationship , do not share lots of personal little details .
i do not believe in gay marriages .
i believe i have food to eat .
men are tough and it takes a lot to kill them .
i would tell the upset guys that you are backing off .
i do n't remember the beginning , only the ending .
get the book , you will not regret it ! ! !
perhaps you are a good person and you just do n't understand .
the number of gifts for mom is the same answer . one .
you will not need to ask this question .
sweetheart , you are not fat . you are sexy !
what situation have you gotten yourself into ?
too much drinking would be every day .
here is my little input .
i would call the police in order to protect the children .
i was very skinny in school and my body had not yet fully developed .
i have come to realize that it typically means they are inexperienced .
he might like you if you are attractive and have a good personality .
were i to leave , how would i achieve independence from him ?
what if , one day , they did that to you ?
i do not like an excess of muscles .
the smell will be so bothersome she will not care to see you again .
they do not base their decisions on logic .
why am i not able to forget this person ?
my daughter is dating a boy who is a grade lower than she .
it 's fun and it helps you to move on .
hitting her is even better as long as you do not knock her out .
you continue saying that for as long as you love her .
after three weeks , i told her that i was falling for her .
go and get your divorce , because you do not love your husband anymore .
it is indescribable but you will know when the time is right .
how are you able to tell that he is the love of your life ?
did you have specific plans or did you merely ask him to over ?
it is the intention that matters , truly .
as i said , they are all rude and unfriendly .
do this if anyone abuses you in any way .
i am a christian , therefore i want a christian response .
i found that they had been seeing each other for nearly a year .
they 've been seeing each other for five years .
you must be a responsible and busy gentleman .
i suppose if you say that it 's true , it is .
i provided you with some contact information regarding low-cost casual encounters .
she is an honest and adventurous woman .
that was an easy question .
i havent begun dating yet and i am already 17 years of age .
i am here , whenever you are ready for love .
it is only wrong if you declare april fools afterwards .
if you do not see one another .
i had better answer the final question .
you never ought to even consider becoming physically abusive simply because you are angry .
you ought to either try it or do something extravagant .
good luck , ask your lawyer !
to the extent whereby you recently delivered their initial offspring ?
be of service to me is the notion i view .
males/females adore the act of conversing as well .
he has to value me before his video games .
i am pursuing my partner and not the other person who arrived .
did he propose matrimony to you ?
yes , it also works in the opposite method .
that level of detail is in excess of what i asked for .
sleep in my bed and see what happens .
do you want to spend the rest of your life with me ?
a good friend that will listen will help more than you can imagine .
cook and clean for him .
i am going to give you some information .
for me it is not a big deal , but it is for her .
you just need to keep going when life gets hard !
however , i offer merry christmas wishes upon your person , as well !
the early hours following an all-night ale imbibing , tastiness assessment competition .
the answer is definitely no .
she would be surprised and very happy if you were there .
you would not like to always do it right .
i hope that everything turns out well for you .
i am certain that you will know it .
it is illegal if you are under 18 .
do you really desire to be with her again ?
you ought to kiss him goodnight and whisper , `` i love you . ''
because laws vary from state to state .
i would not attempt to speak with her .
if you are not interested in polyamory , date one person .
decide if it is worth your time to engage in a relationship .
good blessings to you .
i have very strong feelings for someone i barely know .
for a relationship to be successful , both partners must want it equally .
the faces and voices of some people are discomforting .
does she enjoy public or private locations ?
girth is far more important than length .
perhaps you prefer men to women .
you must first wait until you hit puberty .
that man gives off an air of wisdom .
i recommend that you slow down .
you should not expect this young person to act maturely .
you should begin simply by talking .
it is dependent on the type of violence .
they are quiet because they like the woman .
you have not recovered from the relationship with this man .
you merely have to show that you want it .
i am not interested in a las vegas style wedding .
you must do something positive in order to protect your character .
i learn while i have fun .
gifts from the heart have the most meaning .
i promse that i will contact you in the morning .
i think you will get a better reaction in person .
stranger of the night , i will always love you .
we can see how things progress after that .
it sends the wrong signal to me .
have you ever known a guy that did not cheat ?
love is a friendship that has caught on fire .
if the answers to all the questions are no , then i run .
you have a requirement to obtain for yourself a previously unexperienced male individual .
excuse me , do you have an interest in doing so ?
that female will fail to function in many other capacities in service of yourself .
negative , however i attended a learning institution there .
well ... for what reason is she feeling animosity towards you ?
i ended the relationship with my boyfriend , so i am single .
even if she returned , would you honestly be able to trust her ?
perhaps i simply liked my boyfriend too much .
i always had much fun simply playing games and laughing .
however , i think i am finished with women !
does he touch you a lot and tell you how nice you look ?
i think it all depends on the two of you .
i finally found someone by showing much patience and spending much time .
there migh be some ; however , i do not know where they are .
a friend or husband who claims to love you would not act that way .
the previous night , she had asked about moving in with me .
be the more mature woman in this situation .
continue being her friend and explain your other feelings to her another time .
he did not do that , did he ?
additionally , the rejection hotline is always a good option too .
i think that the age is 16 .
alright , all me to answer you directly .
be sure to ask him about commandeering his credit cards .
what has gotten you worried that he will be unfaithful ?
merely ruminate as to whether or not you believe the value is commensurate .
begin enjoying pleasant diversions in their company and developing amicable relationships .
determine whether or not he experiences more effectiveness in a home schooled situation .
it is clearly important that he needs to love you !
we never finish the movies we watch anyway .
if he is not cooperating call social services .
were any drawn up upon your marriage ?
be courted by an also-ran , relinquish one amicable companion .
overall , it can be a great start to things .
these are not people who care about you or your child .
male individuals are synonymous with a loop made from a rubberized material .
i would surmise that eventuality renders them sexually desirous .
be a gentleman and ask her .
i am interested in a good man with decency .
what you are just dying to do right now with passion !
begin by telling him you guys will not be home .
this might not be successful if he is determined to take drugs .
i would marry him because is is very attractive .
so you begin to think about being with her in an illicit way .
try not to worry . a relationship is meant to be mainly fun .
do not be the only man .
it is very important that she knows this .
it is inespensive and it will not mean anything to her .
you are not if you have to ask .
do you two have a lot of problems ?
someone to love and love them in return .
you do n't make yourself a certain level . it just happens .
what does he say when you inquire about it ?
you would be very busy and cared for .
it is only a negative thing if it disrupts your daily routine or schedule .
i hope that it will be that simple .
no woman deserves an unfaithful lover , nor to be lied to .
it is quite simple , you need to ask him !
affirmative… perform a search based on your moniker… i subsequently discovered several existing pages .
the chosen option , alternatively feel unwell for a 24 hour period .
it 's not possible for them to stop after they begin .
i 'm positive you 'll be okay .
i ca n't recall who it came from .
buy a green hat ; women like green hats .
why is he with someone he does not like ?
i ca n't say this again because i enjoy spending time with her .
simply try your best .
some men find their own gender attractive .
simply because your partner did not care to tell you ?
most often , you have acquaintances in common with your former partner .
it 's for fun and nothing to i expect to be seriously involved with .
it 's really hard to hear you guys talk like that .
if their crazy then they ca n't go .
you could always go find a slut to have sex with .
let me know how you interpret this .
most men i am acquainted with do not really have any emotions .
you should probably just come .
i do not see why not .
boys are taught that you are not a man if you have feeling .
that way will cause you to move on .
gaze upon you in the act of awaiting his arrival !
numerous , numerous numbers of gods exist ( allegedly ) .
the correct age will be if any woman asks you for that .
they desire control and the only way they can achieve it is via you .
look at you , waiting for him !
supposedly there are a great many gods .
you are either gay or you are not .
but that man you were with is not nice !
you need to go see a doctor .
today people are mostly attracted by looks .
remember that everyone has someone until they find someone they prefer .
yes , i enjoy it because they enjoy it more .
i do not do that !
you are correct ; girls do enjoy flirting .
please trust my advice and do n't get into a relationship again with him .
as others have said , you should discuss this with your significant other .
you should tell her that you realized that you were incorrect .
i do not think you will ever fully know .
i am now 8 months along in my pregnancy .
good men are out them , we just have to find them .
you do not need a girlfriend to be happy .
on the other hand , sometimes you also see women who cheat on men .
say goodbye and that you are keeping the pets .
that is what my best friend did at a chris ledoux concert .
perhaps i am wrong . has he told anyone you were together ?
i found a couple here . i hope this helps .
specifically if you are partial to spectacular beaches and a pleasant climate .
it shall constitute your final lip lock .
the moment the musical selection occurred to me , this particular query emerged .
that particular selection is a positive entry , however .
bear in mind the condition of the other girl 's mouth .
i have had a boyfriend for three years .
you will find someone , but must also love yourself first .
perhaps you are venturing outside too infrequently .
determine a method for becoming a part of some activity frequented by the female .
due to the fact that they previously pleasured themselves at a very early age .
she will be in awe of you !
are you going to continue to be in a relationship filled with infidelity ?
the book might have the solution to your problem .
instead of being sedentary do an activity .
it is suspicious that your boyfriend is receiving salacious messages from a male friend .
knight rider does not seem so bad at this time .
however , many men do not have that view .
it is not the penis itself that matter but whether you use it skillfully .
you should try it on chat or elsewhere .
i was merely wondering because many of my friends do that .
you should show your love frequently , and occasionally buy her roses and wine .
do not just say it to say it .
ask her what pleases her .
you would enjoy it , believe me .
what is your relationship with her ?
i would surmise in the act of correctly spelling the term `` horny '' ?
i have such deep regret concerning this query !
therefore , expend no amount of concern on the subject of self-humiliation .
you would be unable to visualize that item given your present location , however .
you can go crawl up a chicken 's butt and wait .
when i am with girls , i do n't care .
if you 're afraid of him yelling , just say happy april fools !
you should tell him that you are interested in having another relationship with him !
being unfaithful is never an option .
you should talk to her to find out what she is interested in .
were they single or in a relationship at the time ?
perhaps it is strange to think about sex constantly these days .
i would have cheated on you anyway .
i know it seems too casual , but the relationship is brand new !
do not get something for the girl .
if he would like to stay with her just let him !
do not go to bars or clubs .
let him be ; this is the best decision i ever came across .
you can write in spanish as well ?
that depends on what you mean by my first time around .
i try to send the message to her that i am not interested .
teenagers can have sex once they turn 18 years old .
( i apologize for my english , i can speak very well . )
do you think you would be happy if you had a girlfriend ?
consider which one you would want to be with forever .
many men have gotten used to deceiving women .
he may be just playing a game .
if it is from your mother or father , then any time is good .
i have significant feelings of culpability in regards to the matter .
in what way do you know her ?
is your girlfriend an ax murderer ?
maybe , we would like to be left alone ?
baseball has a home plate .
sterling andreal love is a commune .
that grown man is over there with the children .
there is no way , unless you are told to do so .
the truth of the matter is that an addict will help .
you have to choose good luck .
you can borrow sugar once but after that , she is on to you .
you should first be happy with yourself .
i really like him but do not know how he feels about me .
if you can not get enough of her then you probably are in love .
just say merry christmas .
he will call you the next day .
we love lingerie as well as nudity , because we know what is underneath .
he wo n't admit he was unfaithful because he still cares for you .
it will be wonderful if you meet someone you get along with right away .
chances are that they have done everything you are doing right now .
it is not if you do not know what to do with it .
abstain until the marriage has taken place .
change your residence and do not contact him further .
chat about your mutual interests and start a new friendship .
many nice gentlemen are still available .
she will love whatever vision you have in your head .
if you were so angry , why did you not speak up ?
she either does , or she does not .
perhaps they are not receiving what they want .
lingerie is removed quickly in any event .
according to my old-fashioned ideals , you can at age twenty-one .
it really depends on the person .
how can i get over this as soon as possible ?
his love for me should grow stronger after every passing day .
it does not work , and it will only end up hurting you .
i am just wondering if that is normal ?
i feel very foolish .
i might as well buy her a ring .
not every man is preoccupied with sex .
dress very provocatively and see how he looks at you then .
many people do not enjoy sex .
when my mother comes home , i will ask if i can see you .
please understand that not everyone is out to get you .
i hope you enjoy your holiday this time .
follow your nature by speaking and smiling with your eyes .
second of all , that depends of what type of person your mom is .
i thought i was alone in this .
well ... you always have the opportunity to audition an internet dating service .
beyond age 18 and at the point at which you become betrothed to another .
i formerly was very affectionate with my girlfriend .
my boyfriend told me to be violent with him .
my husband had been disloyal to me since we our child was born .
of course , everyone has considered it .
the ability to calmly await , my companion , serves as the concealed element .
i have yet to experience that complication , thank the supreme being !
i do not use profanity like you do !
it depends on what you show me .
if i am unhappy or angry , i will not have intercourse .
she preferred for our special day to involve only us .
deceit on his part is to no longer be accepted .
i do n't know , do you happen to come off strong ?
show some `` respect , '' just like the song says .
sometimes it can scare a guy off if he is afraid of commitment .
then you wo n't have to live such a miserable life .
then go and fin yourself a real quandary !
that means that you think about another person more than you think about yourself .
why do n't you propose to go then as well ?
men have a stronger desire for intercourse than women do .
please answer below if you do .
not all men cheat on women , but a lot do .
there are certain things men do that show they are cheating .
would n't you be upset to see your man with another girl ?
how comfortable and i with this man ?
kids do not always comprehend complex explanations , but they do learn eventually .
some men have a difficult time remembering dates .
he does not like one of your behaviors .
some women set a poor standard for other women .
god would not approve of your getting a divorce .
you embarrassed yourself in front of everyone .
it 's over if they manage to go first .
they like winning and games are more fun and easier .
try to date him , just do n't tell him that you love him .
is she really worth it if she 's easy to get ?
his wife is obviously not .
of course i would be angry .
have you ever thought what will happen after boot camp ?
you can not force someone to like you .
a person can not change unless they have the desire to .
you should find out if there are things that she likes .
it should be large if he does n't know how to use it .
i do not know but if you find out please inform me .
i will do everything possible to see you tomorrow .
simply flirt - bat your eyes , behave innocently and portray yourself as adorable .
if he says yes , ask him why he does it to you .
marry someone whom you find physically attractive .
it is wrong to say things that are insincere .
i like the names `` sia '' and `` manav '' .
some people take longer to understand a situation .
if he is serious , he will ask you to marry him .
if you truly love him , then go with it .
making a sudden appearance after nine years without contact might frighten her .
i just saw your avatar , and i am now sending mine .
looks , personality , intelligence , and sense of humor .
asian women are known for that , are n't they ?
tell him that you love him .
you will know if you are doing it correctly .
it is probably simply men being men .
if you have any further questions please contact me at eidal3 @ yahoo.com .
first try boosting your self-esteem by trying things you would not normally do .
some people you can not tell because they are very good at hiding it !
you need to smell nice too , but do not over do it .
still , you 're not promiscuous ... you 're formerly promiscuous .
apologies , females , but this is n't our fault .
i hope this has helped .
men really are not at all like women , so it is not complicated .
that is the best thing to do !
leave the area , or better yet , the country !
he will not look you directly in the eye .
use chloroform and zip ties and meet late at night in mall parking garages .
if he is not interested , then he just is not .
you have to begin , since you admitted it was your fault .
but you must have defined what psycho really means to you .
gaze at him directly and inquire with him regarding that particular question .
neck jewelry or a bracelet item , however not a piece of ring jewelry .
sure it will be great for you !
my husband suggested we experiment in the bedroom
if that 's in your best interest .
anger is how some people seek attention .
i depend on him for everything and would not survive financially without him .
because they do not have girls to be intimate with .
i do not see anything weird here .
you should always trust your gut instincts .
you ought to end the relationship with your boyfriend and date another man .
it is better if they are virgins .
how is it with their father being around and ignoring you ?
if you would like for her to like you .
they have been friends for three years and are both christians .
until the person you love becomes angry at you over a mistake you made .
i was an insecure child at that time .
she became my wife and now i rarely touch her .
not if you are his cellmate and he speaks to you that way .
your child may be going through a phase and may not actually be gay .
i think you should rephrase that .
do n't use cologne , even as a last resort .
there was a girl that i was talking to in august .
if not , then let me help you . do you understand ?
do what you need to in order to keep what you already have .
great information . no . you are not alone .
stop being mean . do not ask people on the internet to find her .
certain actions are done to express one 's depth of love .
some people vow never to do certain things again .
most men would find the gesture very flattering .
i was proposed to on new years eve ; it was so romantic .
just take your time and enjoy the person that you are with .
i like to date lots of women .
you are the woman of my dreams
you should take good care of her , she is perfect for marriage .
the proposition i received on new years eve was very romantic .
ciao bella , you are the woman of my dreams .
they are as special as american brunettes .
if you do not , your behavior will alienate your loved ones from you .
if you simply talk to her , she will understand .
frequently , spontaneous people are fascinating and one-of-a kind .
samart is attractive but being risque also helps .
i would consider going to a pawnbroker to purchase or sell items .
why would a woman stop loving a man who adores her more than anything ?
i am absolutely certain that i am in love !
it exhibits that behavior , as do certain females .
what is the intended meaning contained within your communication ?
i will let you know either way .
you need to end this relationship .
you ca n't solve a problem unless you have courage .
you are playing an immature game , asking who i like .
people are unfaithful because they crave approval and want to feel wanted and needed !
what should i do and how do i tell him ?
they should be white with a mild opalesence that catches in the sun .
my brother stole a winter coat for me last year .
perhaps that 's how you should ask her .
i do not wish to see you anymore .
she might feel as you do .
i do not think you should have done that hood thing .
verbal abuse is bad .
listen and follow her advice .
he is doing small things he has never done before .
i have tried to get over it .
you probably already know the answer to that .
when i say nothing has been done , i mean nothing has been done .
rogues seem more attractive because they look macho and carefree .
speak truthfully and you will know the truth .
trust is something you think of when you part ways .
you may want to be careful and get checked .
you may raise your voice with excitement .
always trust your first instinct .
i am thankful i do not have kids as it is not easy .
best and luck and merry christmas .
is it what they purchase for you ?
take a risk on the opportunity if you do n't trust me .
they do n't have any emotions towards the person they are cheating with .
there are a lot of women who fall in love with men easily .
there are some men that are mean and have no proper manners .
guys without any guy friends are not desirable for women .
women do n't deserve men who treat them poorly .
just ask him if you can be friends .
there are girls that are not worth dating .
call him and tell him that it is over .
trying getting a haircut or wearing new clothes .
is there another explaination to your inability to figure this out ?
in this event religion would mean nothing .
in the situation where you just say it without waiting for the proper time .
the answer is because you enjoy being in the presence of that person .
i believe being homosexual is wrong , no matter what anyone says .
and then she will not know what to say .
what are you doing with a married man ?
kiss her if she comes closer to you .
i think it 's more important to get an education before worrying about that .
i do n't believe there is anything wrong with you .
it 's excellent if they 're in love with you .
i know this is nothing more than a carnal relationship .
or carnal urges , for adolescents .
emotional pain is difficult , but it is necessary to move on .
some women have difficulty becoming aroused .
you deserve better than to settle for whom you are with .
people who do not admit to their indiscretions enjoy the most pleasure .
i have seen you on here often .
you are looking in the wrong place .
at the bare minimum , existing outside of the incorrect , all things considered .
however , ruminate upon elements contained within future time periods .
hence , you inquired , what moniker does god utilize ?
think of something both of them enjoy .
let yourself do what you want .
if you want a full and peaceful life , do n't rely on money .
i believe that if i did that , it would not be a gift .
infatuation does say , 'we must marry soon . '
remember , it is women that they are being unfaithful with .
that intales not referring to him as a friend or someone you know .
have you been experiencing sexual difficulties
sir , you alone possess the ability to respond to that query !
much appreciation to all for your response !
who knows about love more than books ?
what fragrance do you use ?
if you can , keep it between you and her .
bots simply pester us during times in which we are enjoying a chat experience .
had i been a female , i would be attracted to my own gender .
in this situation , men wonder why you did n't call .
women are clueless about love .
if you are desperate , then take action !
i am not trying too hard to impress her !
i do not think that he will do it voluntarily .
however , i love him immensely .
allow them to see you at your best .
you ought to treat him to a date .
the average penis size is about five and a half inches when erect .
you can get used to doing it that way .
it depends on what you mean and how you look at it .
vin diesel is a hottie .
unfortunately all men cheat , so they are not good guys .
they ahve not been together for a very long time .
i was aquainted with her and she always said they were just friends .
they might be the one you are in love with .
i do not believe that you want to be tina again .
men are only attracted to looks .
never allow a man to treat you like that again .
correct , i just made the statement to you .
for them , being cruel seems to be their main method of being happy .
all you have to say is `` i love you . ''
i 'm not sure why she would want to do that .
i wish you the best of luck . i 'll be cheering for you .
you may be creating a bad situation that can only get worse .
you were the first person she ever slept with .
people do not always see the obvious .
when she becomes an adult she will not be interested in him anymore .
little shy girl has posted a lot of questions .
would he rather not see me ?
he may be arrested as well .
or ask yourself if you 're ready to be a parent now .
i would not be unfaithful to you if you treated my kindly .
i am positive that any woman would be happy to hear those words .
how can you identify true love ?
perhaps you could give me chance .
you might not be what that person is interested in .
i will wish people a happy 2006 .
may i take you out to dinner ?
why do you not fight for it ?
i am unsure of the reason , but i simply ca n't help myself .
it is too late to turn back .
be cool and you will be alright !
i found the profile under there .
do not look for love ; if it is right it will find you !
if you like him , you could consider giving him a bit more time .
is this the way women behave with men ?
it seems unfair to love one more than you do the other .
you have to think of everything .
i do not think the money was the most important thing in your situation .
simply want to know about general thinking .
here is what the recording will say .
she is now committing adultery by living with him .
not in reference to how nice a man is .
no . it is not if you truly care about someone .
most likely constituting a 20 % portion of individuals participating in an active marriage .
if you are simply having a difficult time .
he has not made any sexual advances and they both have abstinance rings .
the movie line is , `` do not say anything . ''
no . i would not pack up and leave .
men prefer women that know when to be inapporpriate and when to be well-behaved .
however , that does not imply that career and money are not important .
i will never go back .
perhaps it is because men are afraid to hurt girl 's feelings .
love matters more than money .
you should consider how he treats you .
at night , you should kiss her like you would kiss someone you love .
men need to control their desires and use their brains .
please use aol.com to find this chat room .
you need to ignore him or tell him to leave you alone .
it will certainly make her angry .
tell both of them to get lost .
but have a good time gaming , and i wish you luck .
yes , some day the perfect match will come along .
if you do this it will seem very weird for a very long time .
if he did that to you , then you know what to do .
some people do not even have enough money to buy what they need .
maybe one day you could ask her on a date to see a movie .
would you willingly commit to being with her for your whole life ?
you will not belive this but i am 52 years old .
i have liked this woman since i was 19 years old .
observe her room or apartment to discover the types of things she enjoys .
if he does not understand , try to leave suggestions for him .
i hope that it all turns out well for you .
does the child have his father 's surname or does he have yours ?
i am annoyed with men trying to be someone they 're not .
do n't be intimidated !
you should wait until you have been dating at least one year !
you have to choose one option .
you could start flirting with her .
if you start today , then maybe you will have it by christmas time .
sorry honey , i have a headache tonight .
do you want to give it a try ?
why do you not ask him to invite one of his friends ?
that is the easiest thing to do !
if you think he is not , then end the relationship .
it is 6:34 on new year 's eve and i am all alone .
in my opinion , you do not have to love your boyfriend .
this same thing happened to me last week .
it would be nice if a woman was also smart and not just attractive .
if she is not yelling it at you , you should try asking her .
what is our mother attempting to tell you ?
it is likely their childhood was the cause .
it should be clear that there are many lines uncrossed .
it sometimes is hard to find girls that are rare .
my true love might be found .
sometimes the things we ca n't have are most desirable .
you have to choose between us two who you love more .
keep your ego out of ot .
are you mad because you did n't go ?
if you think he finds you attractive , then you should ask him out .
you should take care of yourself and get out of this situation .
talk to her and tell her you miss her .
are you just physically attracted to them ?
if someone cheats once , they will always be someone who cheats .
i love girls who like video games .
just tell them you are sorry and leave with the other people .
what are you going to do with that guy ?
you can do better than him .
you never will until you stand up for yourself and discuss things with them .
i had the most wonderful day !
oh , affirmative , basically refrain from duplicating , utilize the actual items .
i most likely initially communicated my entry during my early childhood ...
why not find a new man ?
do n't trust , and just forget her .
if he did not care , admitting his infidelity would not be a problem .
i do not know what it is , but i am very serious .
three : track him down with a private investigator , similar to inspector claseau .
would you be all right if you tried it but detested each other afterward ?
dive into your weaknesses and channel them elsewhere .
how would you feel if you were married and your husband cheated on you ?
i do not think so , sister .
i do not want to eat here .
a feeling can not be explained .
do you always look your best ?
invite her to something casual like a movie or dinner with friends .
our relationship ended because he moved .
when two people truly love each other , it lasts forever .
love is when you enjoy being with someone .
in the event that she is feeling angry due to an inadequate explanation
age does n't have any actual reality besides as a numeral .
in any event , simply never forget that we all exist as human animals !
what location is it that causes you to be less interested in sex ?
third , do not copulate until the third date at the earliest .
sometimes we say that we love you only because you say it first .
after that i would begin to think about 35 more years .
just take your laptop with you and watch football on it .
wow . have you spoken to her since ?
it 's fun both doing and watching it .
perhaps even a man who is not so juvenile .
how do you know that love is within you ?
well , well , well . what are you doing there ?
you can relax around goofy men . mysterious men are too much work .
i was in a relationship .
you should consider finding a new job if you are working with them currently .
you should find yourself a man that will respect and value you .
buy her the plastic earrings from clair 's .
go to the doctors office and get that thing checked out .
the children will see what you become .
that question would make him uneasy .
introduce yourself and then ask , may i join you for a drink .
men have a difficult time knowing what to say or how to say it .
send any helpful information that is available , please .
it is no wonder that your avatar looks so saddened .
i would like to try this with my lover , that explains my curiosity .
appearance is in actuality not of much concern to females . exist humorously .
refrain from attempting this action with an individual familiar to you .
dude , it is similar to asking me what can i do to grow .
move past what happen . an incident like this would justify any break up .
from her body language , i 'd say she will laugh at everything .
only if his income is less than yours .
currently , i am working retail , and i like what i do .
no . if you hear that , they are either wrong or lying .
have you tried stalking ? that tends to work .
if he hit you once , he may do it again .
you do not really have to ask her out .
here is your holiday and i hope you enjoy it this time .
it measures between 6 and 6.5 inches in length .
both have the same level of perception !
i have a very trustworthy friend to whom i could tell anything .
14 years old is too young to date !
you can look for the heavier or more durable ones .
i am so tired of him .
not all men are like that .
first notion , many men , like myself , seem sex-crazed to women .
yes , even if he is incarcerated .
it is not very hard if you are attractive .
if you are a man , it does matter .
you ought to find someone who is better and not cling to the past .
if he refuses then he is not with you in any case .
not merely your body matures with age but your mind and character as well .
large amount of affection wished upon yourself during this challenging passage .
it 's applicable to males and females equally .
how should i approach them to ask ?
i would like to receive that for christmas .
consider all of the bad things that can go along with the good things .
you simply must learn to trust people .
first , an ipod with her favorite songs .
part of it states that kids can not be the cause of divorce .
we just returned from a 10 day trip where we met his parents .
the key is romance , rose petals , music , etc .
there will be a lot of obvious questions for you to answer .
yes , if you are still comfortable with him you should !
you should bring her flowers .
as i said previously : greed .
yes , that should cover it .
wait until your late twenties or early thirties .
i would stop speaking with that family member/friend .
hello . i used to be bi-sexual .
if you truly care about your friend , then find someone else .
i think i may be in love with three different men .
if your girlfriend approaches a man then you should break up with them .
if you have any more questions please email me at allarcon88 @ yahoo.com .
that depends on who i am with .
you 've failed to retain possession of that affection-delivering emotion ... infidelity .
all right , this female exists who has obsessive feelings for me .
you seem to be more social when in a crowd .
did you want to remain friends with them ?
i perceive that you are a christian .
it is not only men , women are similar to that as well .
likewise , do not get him anything similar .
make an attempt to stealthily investigate and find out what she likes .
if you meet only such men , you are lucky .
instead , ask what makes a man feel less interested .
after you see that they are gay , shoot them .
i remain in search of a response .
i never spent time with homosexual individuals while i was growing up .
relax your lips and do not worry about using your tongue at first .
i married the last man i was in a relationship with .
you will find the right man for you some day .
i do n't know . she probably will if she likes you .
it is because they think in the same way we do .
let me tell you that it does indeed hurt .
i am merely waiting for him to decide .
yours was not one of those .
no , i do not think you are wrong in your thinking .
the next day , you must apologize .
you must never allow yourself to act such as he , by seeking revenge !
they are not being deceptive , as they are probably jus nervous .
i actually had the same problem with another woman .
good sex is great , but , not all sex is good !
she wanted to be kissed .
hang in there , do not give up dude !
not in love , but , i am in deep
thank you for playing , i hope i am correct .
it may sound good now , but please do not rush it .
i am unable to comprehend an existence not characterized by the existence of children .
divorce your husband and find a new best friend .
if a man becomes involved with a woman , does he have to cheat ?
give me an example . yes . i am single .
what did your best friend do ?
i beg of you , write what is on your mind .
women enjoy expensive things , flowers , and jewelry .
i knew him to be a great gentleman ; the perfect man .
my world shines bright only because you are in it .
jennifer lopez is the right woman for me .
have you tried drinking beer and eating pizza ?
the situation went poorly .
i am finding information on this because the topic made me curious .
not all women care about money .
girl and boy are living the dream of happily ever after !
get a tattoo of it on your chest .
he is sexy and funny and rather intelligent .
this is the best shape and models the eyes for the best effect !
i made her a basket of my personal favorites .
i do not want him to leave .
bring her to your mom 's house more often .
if so then you ought to arrive and see what happens .
i am 23 and i have two children with my husband .
yes , men do need attention but women need it as well .
you have already said it beautifully ; just speak the same words to her !
this person , they only care about themselves .
it is true , they can never get a divorce , but you can .
consider this most seriously ; do you think it feels wonderful ?
however , remember that pretty women who are sexy also like handsome men !
his answer is good enough for me .
girls prefer men who wear expensive aftershave !
i am afrad that i will look unintelligent !
dress up scantily and do surprising sexual things .
go ahead and get married !
i would not get jewelry as a gift for a female friend .
from the way he looks at you .
make it a fun day by going shopping together at her favorite store .
then get him to flirt back with you .
sex is not that important .
being a mother is a full time job !
how scared and weak are you ?
we both want a fairytale , or at least i do .
perhaps you are n't really seeking a girlfriend .
they would not do anything to hurt me , either .
look in your school for some nice boys to befriend .
usually those do not last too long , but they are probably the easiest .
usually if a girl is talking to you then that means she likes you .
maybe it 's because you are young or want to keep your options open .
go ahead , and good luck .
if he told be beforehand , then i would not have cared as much .
sometimes girls do n't like to talk about things that are sad .
she might be doing that .
do not expect him to pull this off , it is up to you .
first , it is really awful that you are homeless .
he had been sick before but now it is even worse .
but if he or she is then they are not worth it !
what should we do when we notice an attractive woman ?
i hope that this helps you .
not everybody is capable or willing to change .
both of you need to be more open and improve your communication .
you do not want to hear about her ex-boyfriends .
most of them are rude and make fun of you .
since you said yes , you are correct .
he is a grown man , while she is still too young .
you should ask her for some hints or suggestions .
does he shower promptly upon arriving home ?
that could be why you are not interested in having a girlfriend .
your choice can not include a male or female from a television show .
i do n't have the funds required to buy that item .
that event had a downward spiral effect on the situation .
you should think about relocating to a new location outside of your parents house .
i agree in the firmest of regards , as my relationship is uncannily similar .
request ideas from her best friend .
if you become wealthy , people will like you .
it depends on whether you have that want .
i failed to answer this question .
because men are n't real .
do n't be in such a hurry to grow up .
i choose not to talk about that with the one i 'm with .
truthfully , i do know this one .
my advice to you is do not ask for gifts , that is uncool .
have you ever heard the phrase : `` boys will be boys ? ''
you should leave her because she deserves someone better than you !
if you love her you need to tell her .
are you certain that he is exercising at the gym ?
if you like you , you should begin flirting with her .
kissing intensely with men is quite unpleasant .
you should n't worry if it 's not .
why have n't you asked him ?
if you have children and are unsuccessful , what will happen to the children ?
do not waste your time on that unsuccessful individual .
you give your total obedience .
some women are liars , and so are some men .
this is the first time you two have met .
i keep many secrets from my family .
one more thing , do not use the word `` awesome '' around young women
perform cunnilingus until she has an orgasm .
go and have a good time , do not worry about them .
keep looking for a person who will love you and is not taken !
if your do , i assume that you do 5 years ! ! !
tell him to grow up and educate himself further on the subject of pregnancy .
are men or woman more likely to cheat ?
if she does n't notice you , i 'm interested !
when is it a good tome to give you phone # ?
i hope this provides some relief .
she was pleasant and i think she was very genuine .
what does your intuition tell you ?
do not think that because you are unattractive you are disliked .
i am very open-minded in my relationships .
i appreciate what the person with username 'ineedlotsofhelp118 ' said !
they do not wish to be pregnant .
no , but if it happened , i would find it amusing .
i suppose when he begins to enjoy the company of men .
why do some men want sex more frequently than others ?
females already know every answer .
without regard as to whether it 's simply a single sentence .
i do n't possess emotions which feel correct when in their vicinity .
currency is beneficial , however i do n't proceed based upon visual appearances .
`` gone so young '' by amber pacific is an amazing piece music .
i am no longer a virgin , and i do not regret my decision .
the websites craigslist and ok cupid are among my personal favorites .
do you have suggestions as to what we should speak on ?
she attempted to startle him , but he stood up .
one day a man said , it 's wonderful to see you .
he only said hello to me once .
i am very loyal to my girlfriend .
no flowers or candies or anything similar .
do not believe someone if they say that love is a feeling !
if not , you are wasting your time .
perhaps , this is due to the grass being greener on the other side .
due to co-dependency , she is insecure and does not care to be alone .
please , i need assistance , i am unaware of what to do .
if you are seeking love , you may not see things as they are .
alternatively , you can try to shake it off .
in fact , there are quite a few considerations raised by this question .
i have meet face-to-face four people i initially met on on-line dating sites .
so we secretly ganged up on him !
do you have any suggestions for concealing it ?
do you actually think that he is a bad person ?
wait , i forgot that a nice nap is a good choice as well .
you should ask her what she likes and does not like .
i thought that i would ask you .
he should not be trying to seduce you .
when a girl say that they like me it is new and interesting .
it that is true , no one ever cheats .
in the event she replies in the negative , remove her from your memory .
and in the circumstance that events do not conclude favorably ?
gifts do not always indicate someone loves you .
honestly , i do not agree with most people here .
was someone unfaithful to you , causing you to be upset with women ?
i never get enough kisses and hugs .
people asked me that in my last question .
but if he repeats that same behavior towards you in the future .
you must trust him , but you do not seem to realize this .
truthfully , i need your help .
you may ask , but never hide what you are feeling .
they are out there . we simply have to start behaving like one .
case in point , people have nothing better to do and will read anything .
surf for pornographic material online or masturbate .
it 's a good thing if you just told her a funny joke .
i recommend that you consider dating other people for a time .
i met the person i am marrrying on the internet .
this is not true of all women .
i will start to date , even if it is internet dating .
i concur , start dating other women .
they dont give up the answer about sex .
women like genuine men not ones who put on a false impression .
or ask him if he is still interested in you .
first , you need to make sure it is okay with you cousin .
for p. e. i will make enchanting love story .
i love you , should n't be used lightly
relaxing intimately alongside my spouse and immersing myself in an appealing tome !
well , the notion that you will receive more information at a future time .
perhaps it is because some women have things that other women do not .
i have called upon him once already but he did not call back .
reiterate my words precisely .
do not shoulder the onus of events regardless of what they are .
i have told you what you wanted to hear .
only disclose that you had an orgasim during a massage .
i need to leave and take some time to myself .
because i am confused by this girl .
if you do a search for it , you may get a false response .
men never understand girls and it is okay ; we never will .
it is like a marriage .
ask her for the dvd version because the vhs tape will not last .
due to the fact that this particular female is confounding my thinking .
you understand it is equivalent to being wed .
you should demonstrate confidence and treat her well .
i have made good friends on here .
he is the type of person who is from the country .
how should i romantically engage her ?
he continues . the next day , you see it again .
god blessed me with a special person . i 'm thirty-one years old .
you could consider all the things he may have done without your knowing .
luckily , i have not had to start a fight .
i showed excitement , and gave an applause too !
beautiful faces comes with some extra baggage .
because are turned on by the sight of pretty things .
it serves as a pleasant inquisitive , given the opportunity to experience it visually .
fundamentally… prevent oneself from focusing inordinately upon prior experiences .
the possibility exists that those catalyzing elements are specifically required by him .
people read everything , but they do n't always respond .
a piece of fecal matter is stuck to the hair there .
please let me know as soon as you find one .
they like a man that listens .
hold hands , snuggle , give her kisses , and hug her tightly .
i am going to guess 12 times per week .
these days , it is tough for women .
think about it . who would you give the world for ?
do not look for a problem that is n't there .
he will not like only you until you are both going out .
how can i meet a partner if i can not talk to strangers ?
you could look for a job .
take it from me , its not worth it .
he is keeping his options open in case you guys do n't work out .
after breaks you should go to the bathroom to do your business .
oh , i would n't be happy with that .
forget them and they will follow you , believe me .
oh , i would experience no happiness were that circumstance to transpire .
if you are having sexual thoughts about a person , then it is .
they are only uncomfortable if you wear them on your head .
you only have to be willing to take that risk .
this man has apparent issues with himself .
it wo n't be a quick fix ; it takes time .
i heard that once and i thought it was cute .
my former boyfriend 's sister and i were close once .
would it lower your self-confidence if it did n't ?
my sweet husband had me made a beautiful pair of half caret diamond studs !
do you have any ideas on how to be more attractive to ladies ?
what if it does not work out this time ?
when the both of you do not speak ; do you still miss him ?
yes , those are my strange peeves .
he cried even though he really was n't hurt .
you can lie to me anytime , mn_sassygal . you are beautiful .
does this kind of love last forever ?
one day soon , she will cheat .
it was n't so bad , was it ?
you could try seeing what happens when you talk to him .
perhaps he wants you to leave .
if you do not ask , you will never know .
i know it is over , so how do i make these feelings stop ?
see if you can get her to be your friend first .
it is just a feeling you have deep inside .
they eat lunch together three days a week .
are stealth settings similar to the ignore button ?
when i realize that someone such as yourself cares to ask me that .
most people do n't understand that .
i do n't like you .
then you know what is going to happen .
because you are thinking he is not well .
say mon cheri ( mon shay ree ) to a man .
you have a very neat necklace .
i did not like the french way . it felt too inappropriate .
not very good because it looks like many people already did .
these days , women should take control of anything related to the wedding .
you can not . it is no longer an option .
about four to five times per week .
never try to be mean . this would only make matters worse .
i believe she takes an interest in boys .
there are some women instincts that would alert them in their mind .
the foot massage must be good . it made you feel great !
you ought to only have sex if you are married .
i would definitely agree for true love .
it is simply your requirement to locate our position .
simply utter i am enamored of you , as well .
when was this golden age ?
i believe a kiss is harmless , regardless of age .
it will find you . that 's the only way .
however , i 'm old-fashioned and think that is appropriate .
let us vote and put it to rest ?
why do men commit infidelity when they are in a good relationship ?
you will want to take action on this before anyone else does !
it is possible that you are not trendy enough .
i decided to leave her and find a much more suitable mate .
only since they get the male species aroused .
perhaps he had it on there and forgot it ?
if that 's what they want , i think they would .
i awoke with his body on top of mine and his penis inside me .
he is a mean person . do not associate with him .
i found the person who i was destined to be a bit too late .
i am still reach out to one of those women occasionally to have drinks together
many gay people will not admit that they are gay .
however , my point is that you must tell him .
move on if you are not happy .
i am hoping my friend was right when she said this is normal .
please do not feel bad . you should feel good instead .
who dies on their own free will ?
i would be worried and question it if i were you .
do n't ask me if i love you if you ca n't reciprocate .
you should ask her if it is alright .
you only see her as an option if your first choice falls through .
if you do n't let the issue go , it will make him leave .
what you are doing is wrong and will not end well .
avoid it at all costs .
you just have to learn their language .
i enjoy good coffee during sunny days .
it is because english is not my native language .
i want my dress back without any drama .
are n't there enough problems in this world already ?
let me think about that a moment . no , absolutely not !
do not ask her if it is okay , just do it .
hello my dear friend , do not worry .
from what i have seen , my answer is that most men do not .
do it the same way a single mother does !
that is difficult , as it is an odd arrangement .
you can be very sweet and kind !
we have been together for four years now .
hooking up is easy when you are drunk .
tell them you found someone who makes you very happy .
put down the magazines and leave your house !
did i just cheat on him ?
and she is wonderfu ; is it the part-time job you do not like ?
some men just want to have fun while others want a committed relationship .
how do you know so much ?
it is hard to forget what happened to the both of you .
if it passes , then let it go .
if you choose to meet the man , that is when it becomes dangerous .
no , my dear , this is not disloyalty .
simply try to keep in mind that it is their loss rather than yours .
the holiday season is upon us , which gives me reason to ask .
i would leave her immediately . she is not worth it !
that is , if others are not happy but you are .
that is not it . all you want from it is that special feeling .
might possibly exist upon the roadway .
you have previously been equipped with knowledge regarding your most beneficial subsequent actions .
have you no desire to provide assistance to the gentleman ?
find out if she is your type .
call her and tell her that you love her .
do you suspect he might not feel the dame way ?
because you are dating the wrong people .
i am very lucky to have him .
however , do not worry , there are still some good guys out here .
then , hurry up and leave quickly , and do not forget the children !
it might work to casually start a conversation about diamonds .
let us go to bed together .
should i ask the meaning of what he said ?
i think she likes you if she smiles when you show her your penis .
if you are worried you should take a paternity test .
what is the age of everyone on here ?
you never know the outcome unless you try .
do not forget that no man is more important than your sister .
it could be anything , but he is just too scared to tell you .
it is in actuality less fear-inducing than it may appear .
you are mandated to provide for her a time place for a social meal .
complication exists , i continue to experience intense emotional affection for her .
do not let her convince you with her womanly wiles that it is not .
what is it that i should do now ?
it depends on if the man truly likes the woman or not .
you ought to begin your life anew .
a $ 10 gift card for the thrift store might be appropriate .
you do not have love without a lover .
is he certain that he approves of that ?
you must simply be yourself .
i do not believe in the lifestyle .
i am not not bothered by the cost diamonds or my wedding ring .
no , it is not bad .
i would refrain from looking around and simply continue with the initial boyfriend .
that is easy ; ask yourself if you would die for him .
but i also want to be with my husband and children .
so we have ascertained that you and she have the same taste in men .
people will read whatever they can find .
a friend of mine was unfaithful and the victim of her infidelity despises her .
but becoming enamored with everyone is not something i feel to be right .
if you petition me in a polite manner , i will acquiesce .
remember : there are distinct social and emotional differences between men and women .
have you any desire to be wed ?
men do n't care to tell them romanticisms .
whatever jason says will lead to animosity and will not be effective .
before you assume that she is cheating , do some investigation .
should i give him an ultimatum ?
shame on you if you trick me .
should i keep waiting ?
yes , i have a strong friendship with them .
if his answer is yes then you should reject him .
if it is less than that , then the answer is no !
sexual or intimate conversation with anyone other than your spouse is infidelity .
we women are just starting what the men were doing years ago .
everybody does it . try it . it 's great .
take a break from your other relationship until your divorce is final .
i have yet to discover the same .
that is particularly true if you are not the real feminine kind .
there are a lot of things to think about first .
the female brain is far too complex for that !
it may sound superficial , but do wear nice shoes !
however , on the other hand , women can certainly be devious sometimes .
it is the sixth string on a guitar .
you should ask him promptly .
instead , you should wait for your true love to find you .
you should enjoy life and find another person because there are many available .
please maintain a presence if he does not move in with the girls .
initially , try to work for little compensation .
do not purchase a gift for your ex-significant other .
life is too important to stop striving for meaning and success , always perservere .
please take your time to think it over .
that man you have feelings for is also homosexual ?
she had no desire to cease performing the action .
yourself , as well as your companion , possess a necessity to maintain silence .
because they are women they have vaginas and bottoms , that 's why .
however , sex is a bigger issue .
ask someone who really knows what love is : does love change ?
some men and women are unable to say `` no '' .
men and women are similar .
it is a good sign if your love interest accepts a second date .
how can i enjoy the sexual part of our relationship ?
i would wager that she would desire you then .
you ought to look for a man to whom you are not attracted .
if their happiness is more important to you than your own .
i am a married man who enjoys pornography featuring trasgendered women .
you should move if they can not handle or adapt to the situation .
she uses it based on whether you are good enough for her .
email , call , or leave a message to ask .
is she intoxicated and laying down ?
it is right next to your heart .
whatever he asked you , ask him the same thing .
is it so you do not get caught looking ?
he told me that he is trying to wait it out with her .
they should eat dinner together and then after , watch a film .
yes , people participate in that activity on the internet daily .
are you confident that you know the subject you mentioned well ?
men like both women 's personality and looks .
a man that takes the lead and stays in control .
so you can please her enough for her to forget about her vibrator .
check your myspace if you are mostly interesed in your appearence .
all he want is to get is his green card .
you need to enjoy it and do your best .
there is nothing to worry about .
men think we all aresimple people .
due to the fact that certain individuals do not like other individuals .
yes , where have you been inquiring for the last ten years ?
i am sorry but can not respond at this time on messenger .
due to the fact no one told them to be dishonest .
please remember that your family loves you and will continue to always love you .
you leave everything in disarray and then expect us to fix the problem .
you ought to tell him the bitter reality , slowly , hand in hand .
if you need to dismiss him then you ought to do that .
i wrote him a note but he did not reply .
wow . i know how you feel .
it would be wrong , though , if you actually did it .
a quiet talk would work well if she is just flirting .
the male of the female does not possess value to make the actions profitable .
you can not force him to make him desire you in his life .
rape is sex without your consent ; unfortunately he raped you .
how do i aquire a male lover ?
true love . money will fade away but true love will not .
do not become involved and ruin a marriage .
if you must begin counting your toes .
maybe , give her a flower today then a present on christmas .
an ideal wedding location would be near a beach during sunset .
there will continually be someone for everyone .
share our gathered thoughts and love .
you should tell her that you truly care .
i do believe in falling in love with someone online !
do not be afraid to take action .
give him flowers and a kiss good bye .
it sounds as though we are in the same boat .
i would go with the artist .
please take your child and leave that man .
i graduated in my final year .
did he ever provide a reason to be ?
happiness is very important .
i am not sure if you will be able to trust him .
you should not have any other men around .
sometimes it is important to continue looking for someone else .
i sometime allow my two childern to play in a tree .
do you have any more specific questions rather than just open one ?
getting married will not change things .
there is a major difference between having a crush and being in love .
my mother always said not to talk to strangers .
i am going to bring my family with me because i am not unintelligent .
do you realize what you have just said ?
if you visit a latino website , you can meet other people there .
they want to waste your time .
he does n't like you that way .
be rude if he does n't give up .
because that 's how they will think of us also .
banana cream pie is what it tasted like !
since you 've pointed that out i see it too !
i would not advise ogling the girlfriend of someone else .
i am assuming that you are a woman .
now move away from the computer , mister .
for three years i have wanted to start a relationship with a this guy .
i will keep it to three things to save time .
it is best if you do what your heart tells you to .
there are great dating sites out there .
she would definitely want you to .
after reading it , i see no chance at all .
i do not know how to lie nor do i wish to know either .
this is akin to asking someone 's sexuality .
or do you believe in online romance ?
maybe they will invite you to their home to have fun .
be cautious with who you accompany .
i like being brunette more , who said that blondes have more fun ?
if you 're an dunce you would keep posting irrelevant things , right ?
my advice for you is to tell him your true feelings .
he will be a waste of your time .
is there really no way that you can be together ?
well , my recommendation consists of an admonition to relate to him your emotions .
no situation exists in which both of you individuals would be enabled to commingle ?
although reality sets in , you are always happy .
it was a nice dinner , movie and soft kiss .
i never miss an opportunity to inform her .
are you eager about this idea ?
it was another way to make the bedroom interesting .
simply tell them that you are not looking for marriage currently .
what tone should i use when speaking to him ?
it has a history as long as humanity does .
i wish you luck and you should remember that it is never your fault .
it 's extremely visually appealing , might possibly be difficult to obtain however .
i surmise she barely eluded crossing paths with her male offspring .
i think she just missed her son .
would you like to see a movie with me on friday ?
there are issues with trust in their relationship .
my answer was going to be , `` about what ? ''
that is very annoying when i do not feel like communicating .
did you know that warm cocoa makes people feel loved ?
you should set things straight with her .
i do not know what else to say besides trust your own judgement .
even though she cheated on me , i love her because of her courage .
you wo n't know unless you try it .
my apologies . do you reside in theran ?
if they truly love you , they will care about your well-being .
no , but did i say that i had flatulence ?
when you are in the vicinity , she has a tendency to become shy .
you should show her who you truly are !
was that before you decided to end your relationship with him ?
which mental hospital do you visit ?
do not call with excessive frequency .
give those items to her and leave .
inform her that you trust her judgment and that she is your focus .
you are simple frequenting the incorrect locations .
i believe that it is more widely acquiesced to that males practice infidelity .
in the first instance she should not act that way .
giving gifts is not a test of whether love is true .
she appears to be someone with whom you could have a quiet conversation .
well , females have a number of nonsensical thoughts .
please have a couple of beers first .
you should ask several questions .
he should actively communicate his needs .
truthfully , i would enjoy a large amount of money .
i am fascinated by it .
she is a very sought-after woman .
i would appreciate some assistance with this difficult problem .
cosmetics are easy to apply .
love should not hurt .
if you have at least one then you are prepared !
everyone else has to understand .
she will always think that the two of you are still involved .
i am going to wait for five or six years after i get engaged .
he will regret his decision .
you have already contacted him , so refrain from trying to contact him again .
what is the appropriate thing to say to this man ?
i would not have said 'yes ' unless i already liked the girl .
to the guy above , please note that it 's grammar , not grammer .
i was a good looking guy to begin with but i was just shy .
i 'm sitting at the beach watching my kids play .
she will feel that you are being too serious .
i have a similar issue .
it depends on which one works out the best .
please give me ten points and call to vote .
it can be very satisfying to have one woman that you truly care about .
i was doing it because i loved him , not for the money .
then proceed to have sexual intercourse over the internet through webcams .
however , do n't go in so fastly .
we men only think of the easiest way to have sexual intercourse .
that was a big mistake .
women like to receive compliments .
try to flirt , then stop flirting .
in even that case your best approach would be child support .
yes , your husband is your baby 's father .
you wo n't cheat on a woman if you really love her .
if he was going to , he would have by now .
are n't you trying to grow up too fast ?
there are more questions regarding her . please help me answer them .
we do n't wish to be thought of as 'easy . '
let us rephrase your question : why do strange men tell me confessions ?
you are very happy .
it is not about only sex .
i had a nervous stomach because he frightened me .
i know you heard this before .
nothing can happen between you if you do not tell her .
how can i deal with it ?
i will not do either but will just keep on dating my girlfriend .
there are cougars in the world and they will find you .
she said that she will contact me via telephone and give me her answer .
what is wrong about her liking another man and having a friendship with him ?
a ring is merely a ring .
surely you are not so desperate as to visit an adult site .
however , only is the women are attractive .
that girl is not a lesbian and is somewhat immature .
you have to help make it perfect .
my boyfriend now has to take classes in catholicism .
it has no future .
perhaps he wo n't mind that you were n't there .
she will flirt with you and be nice to you .
i would currently be a rich person .
the only thing i regret is marrying the wrong person .
go to thinkgeek.com if he is a nerd or geek .
a location which is less noisy .
please , do not ever engage in matrimony solely for that reason .
consider things which could be said to him .
say that he is the best thing that has happened to you in your lifetime
every female desires to be pursued .
when you find that special someone , make them your priority .
one of them treats me badly and barely even speaks to me .
a lot of men what the same thing .
listen as much as possible and then offer your own advice .
he was assuredly the only man i have ever truly loved .
what would you suggest i do in order to overcome this problem ?
that simple act would win my affections immediately .
you had to inquire , does love really exist ?
ask yourself if you feel bad about doing it ?
you 're not interested in rekindling the love you once shared .
if you are the same age , go with friends and check it out .
you ask him to stop and he wo n't , he 's bisexual .
well , initially she designated young men as opposed to adult men .
you have no requirement for that element as part of your existence .
why are women unfaithful when they are in a good relationship ?
he has issues that he needs to resolve .
it is healthy to flirt , but having cyber sex is cheating .
i am in my mid fifties .
if you meet nice men then they will like you merely for bedding you .
i wish that i were able to take my own advice .
that is what i did and it worked .
you just have a high libido .
because guys are sick perverts who make us think that !
of course you should not go out with him !
like they all said , very slim !
meeting authentic woman online can be challenging .
i adore the company of my female friends .
keep working towards your goals in life .
you will always be a friend my dear .
inform him of your pregnancy and view the resulting events .
listen , this has happened to me many times .
am i going to believe in him ?
we are a couple . not often enough because of the children .
my favorite aunt is dying , i ca n't take anyone else dying !
i personally always stick with the `` ca n't go wrong '' routine .
please use your webcam on the internet .
you two should eat at a nice restaurant and take time to converse .
a man and a woman can create life together but two men can not !
i asked him to call me on the phone and he did not .
men 's brains respond better to your actions .
maybe you should ask him out ?
if he loves you , then he loves you !
i joined her in her remedial english class .
how can you determine if you like them once you meet them ?
you would not want him to think either unless they were true .
healthy women tend to think they are acting differently when they are not .
you know she wo n't be obsessive .
yes , i have previously done so .
the guy chose not to receive the instant message .
we shall wait to see what happens with the guy and his girlfriend .
guys are too stupid to realize what all women love .
i agree with not simply offering her unsolicited advice . that is unattractive .
i wish you the best of luck , jolly roger .
is that one of her interests in her online profile ?
men think sexually often as well , perhaps more than you .
on my birthday , for me and my wife of 30 years .
well , my wife is no britney spears , but she is beautiful .
i do n't live any where near that place .
i disagree . you should be in a relationship with someone else .
it does not matter what others think .
why does this girl have to be the one for you ?
have him watch a videotape of you having sex with his best friend .
it is usually i who initiates kissing during the day .
no . a person is more likely to cheat if he/she has cheated before .
her cousin and neighbors , as well .
simply pick out the one you favor .
i did not die or explode .
however , that would be too direct .
just tell them that you have not yet found `` the one '' .
she never ever lets you know what she feels .
give him a beer and apoliogize about the argument .
you should never give a girl money .
i enjoy cuddling on the couch and watching television with my family .
most of the time , it is for intimacy .
everyone knows what love is , but not one can explain it .
i do not live in new york city .
there is one thing that is nice from having a car without auto-locks .
if you would like to , you can remain with them .
when in rome , do what romans do .
i apologize , but , did i misunderstand what you meant ?
your portion of the rent this month will be $ 200 .
my teammate is skilled at playing that game !
there are many attractive men .
we terminated our relationship over a year ago .
i wear thong underwear because they are appealing to men !
i do not regret that .
we have a one year old daughter together .
he is the coolest guy in school .
i chose option 3 which is a toy for my baby .
i do n't consider myself to be an attractive drummer .
go ahead and ask the person you fancy out on a date .
how long should i know an aquintance before i formally meet them ?
if they continue to call you , tell them to stop .
they are afraid to be alone with each other !
but he is a very nice man .
i am 39 years old .
i encourage you to think about this .
if you start there , she will take care of the rest .
you can not control what he does .
the grass is greener on the other side until you get there .
users macsteed and blondegyrl2004 - that 's basically the summary of it .
if it does n't work for you .
yes , some bad bedsheets made my nose feel uncomfortable .
should that fail to suffice personally .
if his age were , perhaps , five years less than its current number ?
that is a very good question .
if you are in love with her it is more than just sex .
little boys have a hard time understanding girls .
i have assaulted people at their lockers .
we say , `` i love you '' to each other every night .
ensure that they work for your affection as well .
it 's a dodge ram , which is a pick-up truck .
because she did not do anything wrong .
i may as well commit suicide .
it that fails then ebay is the best choice .
however , it was good from my perspective .
i 'm not sure that it is nagging .
if you do not , then you will never find the person .
it all depends upon who dumped whom .
i do not think it is sexy to have it the opposite way .
you should find out what your parents do not like about him .
no , why should you suffer ?
do you trust people on the internet ?
do not allow him to use this as an excuse .
i want someone who is attractive but not overly zealous about having intercourse .
seeing each other is not dating . you could be just friends .
allow me to advise you on how to persuade her to date you .
read his book `` ultramarathon runner '' .
would you young ladies assist me , please ?
tell him to give you some space .
her desire for him may create problems in your relationship .
merciful lord , please assign undergarments without proper coverage to females only .
i am very unattracted to gentlemen with a playboy mentality or who are cocky .
does this still apply if you have done your best ?
great god almighty , abandon the revealing undergarments to the young females !
given the fact that you already performed at your absolute highest capacity ?
a ring has no impact on that .
just be honest with her if you like her enough to risk the friendship .
the remainder view males for intercourse .
*gazes into her own reflected image* she exists in that location ! ! !
i prefer a girl who is not slender .
that is too bad . do not drag that cross around .
you could remember all the bad things he has done .
my wife does not know that i do any of this .
best wishes to both of you .
you must put your faith in your marriage .
tell them they need to stay out of your affairs .
you can try searching through yahoo !
i wonder how you could help her out .
if it is possible , it will happen . congratulations !
please do not act like that incident did n't occur .
i am a 30 year old man .
you may be surprised when you reveal your true feelings .
unfortunately for me i was deceived twice .
i want him to be interested in me .
i like the blonde , but i love the dark red .
existence is complex and that reality simply exists .
the joke about the baby was amusing .
if not , then break up with your girlfirnd and do what you like .
what is it that girls want from a man ?
men do no not play games , only girls play games .
if you want the answer to be yes , ask the question early .
in the beginning he was really sweet and did things for me .
have fun spending money .
yes , they do like to be held , and cuddled a lot .
if i were you , i would leave her as soon as possible .
affirmative , they do enjoy being cradled and nuzzled upon frequently .
my decision would be to relinquish her with all due speed .
if it has an unpleasant odor then leave !
being unfaithful to him was the first mistake .
you should improve your english spelling and grammar .
what do 13 year old boys like ?
girls enjoy the company of men who treat them poorly .
what should i say to her in order to get her attention ?
it might not be love , but infatuation .
it is very similar to receiving two items and only paying for one item .
everything is alright , there is a match in this world for you .
i tend to be partial to a beautiful face .
it will have to be quick .
i wish you luck , and get back to me , eliza .
it will require both of you…bless you both and best to all of you
as for his grandmother , tell her to attend to her own affairs .
some boys grow up with a father who does n't teach them chivalry .
i am planning to spend time with the boys .
i am fairly certain that you would not want herpes .
i enjoy playing games with her as well .
additionally , how do i begin with her ?
viewing online pornography or masturbating is an excellent method of relieving sexual stress .
it is the credit card in her purse .
that is a natural phenomenon and the myth is that it is bad .
forget them and you will find them following you .
p.s . divorce causes financial difficulties .
a gift card is not a personal gift .
perhaps he believes that passing notes is not intelligent .
if he 's unfaithful , he 's unfaithful .
be at peace in this , if nothing else .
he is always eager to be physical , and i find it distressing .
there is no need to worry , simply contact me .
relationships can resemble infants in that they require constant nurturing .
make love to her mother , sister , and best friend .
have you ever been a victim of embarrassing pick up lines ?
take the gun out and point it at him .
if i told you , then it would not be a secret .
we both ended up angry , any suggestions on how to make up ?
if you are not happy just stop seeing each other .
the majority of them will have their own chat there that they use .
tell him politely to back up .
she is unable to find even one man who is interested in her ?
if she considers it to be infidelity , then it is infidelity .
i do not agree with anyone here .
she might be a prostitute .
i will buy the movie tickets and you can buy the popcorn .
i guess they like to hang around .
some women find reasons to cheat on men .
consider what you are getting into with marriage .
you should leave unless you want an open relationship with her .
he sounds a little fruity to me .
do n't worry about others . be yourself .
tell her to leave you alone .
equivalent to all other aspects of existence .
perform actions you previously would have avoided performing .
the alarms merely sound a single time during every several-year period .
have your attempts included applying kisses to her ?
should the gentleman have a spouse ?
it defines the essence of my feelings of attraction .
but with my sweetheart it has more to do with the mind !
good luck to you no matter what you decide .
now go out and meet some women who are neither prim nor slutty .
bouquets are not inexpensive ... a fact dependent upon the type purchased .
how come you lost , even though you started the altercation ?
why would he want to kill them ? is he a murderer ?
people need a sense of humor in order to keep the relationship going .
i think your negative attitude is spoiling your good time .
ask yourself whether or not she is worth waiting for .
trust yourself , and be a king in your sight .
even a small check like that would be worth fifteen dollars .
it may be somewhat hard to find , but it is worth looking into .
continue to do what you are currently doing .
i would prefer to remain friends .
remind her that she is always correct , no matter what the circumstance is .
the airport is full of people and has many security officers .
1-3 times per day .
a quick sexual encounter ; how long does that last ?
i relinquished that male person , it became somewhat tedious .
i stopped dating him because i lost interest in our relationship .
since we are both young he comes to see me every weekend .
bot honestly , does size really matter ?
whatever you do , do not cheat on him to get revenge .
do you need to start saving these girls fromm whatever ?
just be yourself , and have fun !
that anticipation is amazing .
according to my personal taste , i prefer short or none at all .
not a very attractive option , would you agree ?
can not seem to recover from this .
i do not think that your boyfriend would like another man touching you .
if it smells good then it is a certainty
he might just not be the guy you think he is .
what would a woman do to make you think that ?
just say something like , `` will you go out with me ? ''
i do n't know , but i did read it .
if men are unfaithful then they are not worth your time .
you should not allow her to hurt you like that .
it could potentially happen and it also sounds like fun !
i never had the opportunity to tell him how i felt .
i understand how you feel .
he may pick up the phone after just one ring .
you have something to lose either way .
because you did not face true love until now .
the cares a lot about spending time with you .
do n't let someone see that you are struggling .
you should seek help from a doctor or a psychiatrist !
i do not find overweight men attractive .
match.com , and if you are of jewish heritage , visit the website jdate.com .
as is typical for me , there were men present .
alternately , you could work as a detective , too .
however , she will possess no desire to become romantically enamored with those individuals .
prevent yourself from entering into an imposing romantic partnership and simply experience pleasant diversions .
what should i get him since he is a 13-year-old boy ? .
do not always look for something or constantly ask him about something .
no . you should not give up on a woman .
i am a single girl and looking . email me at tupac_lover_00 @ yahoo.com .
of course he is cheating on you .
oh yes . by the way , we are both 12 years old .
he 's only 20 , but he seems like an old man .
you ought to stop focusing on appearance and stop looking altogether .
if you tell him that then you will have power over him .
you ought to awaken from this and rejoin the world .
it was all that you envisioned .
first , attempt to end the relationship with him , but not in person .
that is because most of them are crude .
people get married . it is because they love each other very much .
subsequently the pair of you will have the ability to proceed forward .
no question , the requirement is for a pair of individuals ...
i would like to become wealthy , attractive , or famous .
if your relationship is destined for marriage , it will happen in due time .
many women are attracted to the personalities of shy men .
it is important to end all previous encounters prior to getting married .
give him the opportunity to be a good person .
depending on the love he feels for you , he may marry you .
i was terribly upset each time .
flirt a lot while making them laugh .
think of better things that have happened , are happening , and will happen .
what is wrong with you ?
several tips for getting a girlfriend . # 1 :
not possible . where is his respect for you ?
true friends would not abandon you like that .
how do i post questions on yahoo ?
my cousin refused to smile so i killed him .
no , it is not true ; it depends upon circumstances .
but just listen to your heart and trust it .
they may think that telling you that will turn you on .
you project the appearance of a positively inclined male individual desiring nothing but contentment .
negatively concluded given the happenstance that one constituted an intelligent adulterer !
my male significant other consistently fails to procure any existing items for my possession .
you would not want that to happen now would you ?
make sure that you keep it real .
just take your own bucket of worms and go and fish in another pond .
some are that way because i am assuming that they have issues with men .
that is completely wrong , plus she is also older .
no , because you have not penetrated .
tell him that you are a lesbian .
act sexy around him if you 'd like .
kick him in the crotch if he declines .
i always knew that some women were smarter than men .
you are simply getting surrounded by a lot of mean people .
please beware or your husband may cheat on you .
possibly because you have not yet found the right man who offers you respect .
purchase a car and drive it wherever you like .
tell me what it is that you want and what the situation is .
it 's also very easy to become intoxicated .
stay quiet and act as if you do n't know she exists .
use any cologne you want but do n't replace it with soap .
i do not think you should be worried .
you are going to be ill .
it will not cost you any money .
some people find that watching two women is more exciting than watching just one .
how much older is he than you ?
i sincerely wish you the best in your endeavors .
it is just one of those things , you understand .
you should pray to your favorite deity .
it is difficult but you must find it in yourself to go on .
the key is to show that you are different .
love yourself and do not let any man disparage you .
it 's a cool thing to do .
approach her and initiate a conversation .
and was of the opinion that you should simply make a personal introduction !
can he evict you anyways ?
pray about it and you will receive an answer , you will see .
anyway , lower back pain is truly awful .
i have recurring dreams about my ex partner almost on a weekly basis .
when you feel the time is right , ask her for a night out .
after that day , he changed his mind and said that his loves me .
i waited until the age of thirty , and would you know what happened ?
when they ask you about their attractiveness , say they are beautiful .
there are approximately 20 million women in our immediate vicinity .
that signifies that he is thinking about you all of the time .
love is above all else .
please ask your wife to obtain and use a webcam .
i hope that you are in a similar position .
be careful with whom you fall in love .
do you care deeply for this individual ?
do they act in a way that communicates that they like you ?
try to forget that person .
when they have a drinking problem i hate to mention it to you .
i hope she takes you since she decided not to take me .
do not worry that is not strange .
this might be an old saying , but it is really good .
he is probably not being unfaithful to you .
you have to choose either gay clubs or church , but not both simultaneously .
you should tell her that she looks nice and that you love her .
i am a little scared .
why ca n't you if al pacino did ?
i have had sex with 2 people and i am 21 years old .
i do n't know what i would prefer .
this is how i feel .
tell him that you do not like him .
it is not possible to have your cake and eat it to..
should i call her back ?
my friend 's ex was very irking and controlling .
i like this girl even though i have never talked to her before .
should my next actions include placing a return phone call to that female person ?
my amicable companion 's previous romantic interest exuded annoying and domineering qualities .
when nothing you do is every wrong in his eyes .
i find it funny that most men have nothing to flirt with .
first off , i can say my girl friend is not on the road .
whatever his reason may be , just remember that it is his reason .
in any event would not not want to be alive if we are alone ?
you will be rewarded if you persist .
as a preliminary matter , you are no longer in a relationship with him .
there are many possibilities using the what if questions .
most of our problems are from doing it our way .
that 's the reason she will be unfaithful to you !
i would ask if you truly want to begin with a kiss ?
i am due in two weeks ; is that ample evidence ?
i do not know if he currently has a girlfriend .
clash already said what i wanted to .
does your heart skip a beat when you see him or her ?
men who are unfaithful are secretly homosexual .
if you want do see some beautiful young women go to denver , colorado .
he should forget about his friends and lead his own life .
it most likely wo n't occur . i 'd request a overtly kind child .
you should n't make a child only because you can .
i have n't , although i 've always really wanted to .
i prefer older men , or the same age as myself .
you should go out and meet new women .
it would not be bad if you dressed nicely and had your hair done .
you could let him consume a love potion . the thought is funny .
i have done that before and it did not work out .
it was done a week and 3 days ago .
ask him if one day we talk about the issue ?
naturally , it always helps to have someone nice to start dating .
you are just using him , if you are not .
personally , i would not worry about it .
perhaps it is because many people do not believe that they can .
classmates.com helped me find a few .
there is a thing they do not get at home .
that does not matter if two males or females truly care for one another .
if i were you , i would n't do it .
he loves you or he does n't love you .
if you do n't want to have sex , do n't .
it depends on how you feel when it 's over .
get his number and send him messages every now and then .
do n't be cheap in first sight .
or what have you been up to now that you were n't doing before .
do you get anxious every time the person calls ?
maybe your personality is somewhat off .
you have not said whether you are a man or a woman .
it 's not in the bible , so i 'm not aware .
watch how it helps to give ?
depends on the dating history of the both of you .
to be honest , the list goes on and on .
i do not know , but tell me when you find out .
i thought that he was looking for someone .
i 've gave it a shot once but he knew it was me immediately .
i asked a guy out and he said we should sometime .
is it just something you want , or is it really something you need .
he undertakes many tasks for me .
i will inform you of this .
it was as if my body ruptured .
any chat program has rooms such as this .
women do not pay , but men pay enough to make it worthwhile economically .
i want to know what you guys think of this .
i must admit that i 'm a bit confused by the blog epidemic .
i am disgusted by drinking , and any sort of smoking .
i frequently ask myself the same question .
may i ask why you call yourself darkangle ?
is it possible that there is a problem with me ?
you ask , `` why do men do this '' ?
you both love each other .
yes , two years is not a large challenge .
please consider ending the relationship .
let me reiterate , waiting for marriage is the appropriate thing to do .
agree and say you 've never considered that perspective before .
she will call you back after you contact her first .
i prefer gentlemen , not scoundrals .
even the perfect gentleman is n't so perfect .
she would n't dare be with another if it is .
not all women have this same mindset , just your women .
i am not doing it , someone else will do it .
i could look at this person forever .
she loves you for that .
begin a conversation during pillow time with each other .
that is not good , it makes all of us look bad .
honestly , for better or worse was the vow you made .
he says `` i have business trips all over the place lately '' .
why do you need a man to take care of you ?
if he does then you should consider dating him .
doing that is just asking to get hurt .
how does he act towards other people when you
depending on the time of year , he may be shopping .
if he would please do those things without asking , it would be great .
you should consider it to be nature 's free gift to everyong .
she is willing to share her lunch with you .
it is acceptable , providing that you look carefully .
the truth of the matter is that i want one .
his excuse was that he viewed her as his sister .
if you are male then you are setting yourself up for failure .
it 's acceptable so long as they are at least 18 years of age .
guys do n't care for problems and things like it .
the child they already have .
i adore him for just being who he is .
and could it be possible that he really adores me ?
they will always protect you no matter what .
good luck , and congrats on the 2 year anniversary .
my boyfriend did those things all the time
if only we could have multiple !
did i say that i think he 's attractive ?
marriage is a lifelong decision , my friend !
trouble related to love and relationships .
marriage is for life , my friend !
if you think like that , you should definitely stay offline .
the purpose is to let their emotions out , while you listen .
that 's definitely because love is blind .
let me assure you that this is not a joke .
a small number of tatoos are acceptable and certain piercings are very attractive .
i prefer that he never buy me flowers .
using a cucumber , and a can of shaving cream .
that 's when you hand her your american express card .
it 's to stop anybody from getting injured .
a girlfriend with a nice body and a great personality .
try to get his schedule to find out if you like him .
touching each other is very close to breaking the rules .
it is likely that he will go back .
try not to be too harsh when you are reprimanding him .
someone who is both smart and funny .
it is just going to make them angry .
simply do not spend time with them .
i can not speak for all women , but i am sure i do .
either way , you should not worry about it .
your boyfriend will not let you have one .
he should think you are the sexy one .
try to do things that will take your mind off him .
it is the normal appearing people that you should be careful with .
you can not live your life only to make other people happy .
are you confused if you desire one ?
he will be in trouble if he does not remain silent about the matter .
loving him requires that you trust him implicitly .
i believe in lust at first sight , but love ?
it depends on the girl .
you should always be the person that you are .
how can working out make you stronger ?
turn on to bc grant rd , then go one mile to 11th .
tell her that even though you are apart , you can still be friends .
do n't do anything you do n't feel comfortable with .
if you bring a girl to orgasm , she wont leave you .
it is up to the guy if he is interested .
if you have to ask , then he does n't .
anywhere the two of you want to .
if so , he probably feels obligated .
if you are not married , you should end the relationship .
i will be going to the first event .
you should spend more time with your wife .
i recommend that you not do it regardless of what she says .
you should stab at something in close proximity and then move in .
if you have seven setbacks in life then get up eight times .
it occurs only on days that end in the letter `` y . ''
apparently this person wants to have a family with me .
that is not a good idea at any time .
i think she is trying to indicate that she is ready for physical contact .
you will only get hurt in the end .
i assume that you are trying to see if he would cheat on you .
i just do not think there is hope .
perhaps intimacy over the phone with each other .
you should inform her about how important she is to you .
whatever happens , do the best that you can do .
otherwise , i agree with you entirely .
try one with a special room , the empty side , or the outside .
i 'm not being gross , do you understand what i 'm indicating ?
why do i want him back ?
if he loves you , then he 'll wait for you .
i gave him a nice card for christmas .
if you love jesus christ first , he will bless you .
i am going to a place with a pool table .
you have never even seen a picture of her .
i just checked , and they have versions of the song .
health or sickness ; rich or poor ; better or worse .
if he is nice , then maybe things will work out this time !
no , it 's not bad at all .
hello mate , your problem is the same as mine .
he also says it bothers him when guys leave me comments .
no , it is not bad at all .
hello , friend , you and i have the same problem .
he says it bothers him , too , that men leave me comments .
when you are 'in love ' with someone it happens .
what is they wanted to wait until they got married ?
my mother always said that actions speak louder than words .
if you are wondering whether it is love then it is n't as yet .
my girlfriend used to get jealous quite often .
if you do n't want a child , you must use a condom .
i believe you should answer that question .
you should inquire whether he likes men .
my boyfriend engages in many activities of which i do not approve .
you should tell then to let you know .
males think on sexual things at all times .
this is the cause behind the divorce rate being so high .
greetings , would you like to be my male romantic partner ?
i am interested in one man , but i never engage him in conversation .
all men think about sex constantly .
this is the reason why the divorce rate is so high .
pardon me , but would you like to be my boyfriend ?
did he behave like this before you married him ?
what will you do now with your free time ?
it is dependent both on the weather and were you live .
when someone loves you , they watch out for you .
if you have been spending time with a man for over a month .
any information that you can find would be much appreciated .
does it matter if she loves you as well ?
regardless of what happens , she is too special for you to part ways .
if you are in love , your life is going to be difficult .
do you intend to keep the promise you made ?
please speak to that person 's best friend .
and it is not this man .
would you love that person regardless of whether or not that happened ?
i do n't want to be noisy .
but it was oh so much fun getting there .
when you talk about other girls , she gets mad .
i do not want to pry .
but getting there was fun .
it is is my room , so i can watch .
she becomes angry when you talk about other girls .
because it 's a huge deal for me .
because they enjoy having sex with someone new .
it cuts in both directions i believe .
when you are not a fan of something do you call it gay ?
be courted by an alternatively selected individual while neglecting to inform any individuals .
when you are unattractive , what is there to risk ?
why do people not fancy african girls ?
you need to learn more about the situation .
i completely sympathize with you .
men do not mess around like women .
however , he is a man with three children and married .
i am a female , but i do not understand it .
that will likely take all of the stress off of you .
you need to question her frequently about what she feels for you .
show her , or tell her how much you love her .
if he truly loves you . he 'll change his ways .
that 's ' what i see . i 'm an average man .
if you are not willing to do it , someone should be .
men do not like to be with a weak woman .
it is possible you have too many trixies in your life .
they can do so but it does not appear to be likely .
i suggest that you do n't think of it as spying .
he was constantly on my mind at all times .
if you are looking for a life partner , then it matters .
he spends less time with you because you always have an excuse .
if they agree or say maybe , then ask her to do something .
someone who is not a complainer or conceited .
go out to the club and ask some girls .
absolutely not , does he have a brother ?
it will not work if you want a partner who eats panipuri .
it may be old fashioned , but it is romantic .
now you have seen his true personality .
he knows how to use words to sexually manipulate people .
i hope i was of assistance to you .
i assume that there is a reason you would take your wife .
i suggest you ask him if he wants to be your boyfriend .
since it will be her ring , it should be something that she likes .
but never push , worry , and distress .
i do not care if they are popular .
that may not be the best choice , though .
no , you 'd have been a jerk had you said yes !
if you 're interested in it , go ahead .
opening doors is charming , but that ca n't run low .
you do n't have to have friends to get a girl .
because your getting older and they ant you to be content .
girl , i 've already been there and done that .
surprise him when he arrives home and smell the area .
it would mean he is really unfriendly .
butterflies in the stomach , do you know what i mean ?
if you want my honest opinion , absolutely not .
if you do not want to be together forever , then yes .
it depends ; however , it would have to be a serious matter .
be quiet and extract yourself from this situation .
i recommend that you wait until you are at least 30 years of age .
the simple solution is to approach her .
yes , the subject at matter is deemed sinful and considered illegal .
the female calms down after i do not give her any attention .
express amusement audibly simply nuzzle up to the female from a rearward position .
alleviate some stress ... a large majority of females grapple with this complication .
i believe men with long hair look unkempt and effeminate .
it may be 46 if you are wealthy .
the area of uptown attracts young , wealthy individuals .
90 % of women require more than penetration to achieve orgasm .
if your partner is unfaithful , you should end the relationship .
you asked a very good question !
do you enjoy the doormat position ?
did you ask her why she did it ?
if he is not eating then he is flirting .
show some courage by talking to her and asking her out .
i am sorry that it did not work out .
i and boy who attends my school have his picture and number .
many people say `` yahoo chat '' .
ask your girlfriend , because she obviously knows them best .
i 'm trying to figure out if she is playing with me .
but i think it will only effect you if you want a life partner .
it is worth what you get for the amount of money .
do not believe everything you see in a movie .
if you do that you will regret it .
darling , the first romantic relationship is always tough .
would you be offended if she slept with your friends ?
my last statement may have gone a bit too far .
is it possible that i am showing my ignorance ?
i would not be classified as insane whatsoever .
make a turn on manchester expressway and then go 1.4 miles .
do n't you have other needs than that ?
and continue your bussiness like it was nothing .
you were n't annoying , you were a gentleman !
you should go along the next time he goes on a business trip .
you should act in a flirty way and ask her to the movies .
perhaps her birthstone as well as the one belonging to yourself .
you moments ago stated that he has romantic feelings for an alternative individual .
i have previously communicated this information in numerous disparate yet equivalent ... ?
i hope you are able to find your soul mate .
she may be depressed , not angry with you .
i do not know . everything is looking down , not up .
tell him to stop chatting online all the time and begin excercising .
find someone who is comfortable with it , then ask .
do whatever your heart tells you .
if you two have a strong bond outside of dating that is .
despite what it may seem , i 'm not that sad .
i believe she is approximately 50 years old .
place value on devoted friends and express your love for your partner !
therefore , its reality is not defined solely by the presence of male individuals .
my husband will not , but perhaps someone else 's husband will .
you should be unkind and not find affection in him anymore .
do you know who houdini is ?
it may seem like you are using it for your own benefit .
good luck , and go get them .
i first saw her at the family meeting and immediately liked her .
if nobody can do it for you , then you have to stop .
there are plenty of other girls out there .
i have on more than one occasion , and i am a dude !
i do not have that specific kind of fetish .
another man would not happen .
should i try to talk to him again ?
they say that sex for women means family , love , and safety .
do not be afraid of embarrassing yourself .
my entire body began convulsing , uncontrollably .
they desire to lower the sexual instinct factor .
is it possible she is not a girl ?
please send any helpful information available .
it is not preferable to be either one of those options .
he will find joy if another person is also joyous .
put your greatest effort in staying close on an emotional level .
she is fond of you , however , she has some immature qualities .
what is the worst thing she could say ?
you are exchanging phone numbers with her ?
if things are meant to be , they will fall into place .
how aroused you are will determine how wet you will get .
my mother chose a younger guy .
you should not trust him if he is in a different area code .
however , i am not sure what i am doing wrong .
we buy each other things and leave it there until we find them .
you can still be his friend .
instead of agreeing you should be excited .
you never really forget about it .
there are many more ways , but i have to go now .
if that is the case , then i would bet yes .
i just knew , but not in a childish way .
you can be shy , but you can also speak your mind whenever necessary .
i know a guy who has cp .
do you need someone around if you have to keep proving yourself to them ?
no , as long as you do it as well .
you must ask yourself `` do i deserve better than this ? ''
tell them how you feel about them .
do not give him a reason not to .
asian girls are no different than other girls .
do not answer it if you do not need to .
perhaps you will receive one as a gift for christmas .
that 's why they come .
you can succeed longer .
i know someone who wants to work .
i am questioning whether i would date someone 30 years older than me
look outside , it 's everywhere .
i do not like to babysit on my days off .
there is no reason for you to want to leave .
to love and to be loved are the greatest things on this earth .
you could put the plane tickets in a large box and wrap it .
dress nicely and go dancing at a night club with your female friends .
perhaps they are not searching for a future partner/wife .
if he states yes , then you 'll know .
he 's not attracted to you . he 's a homosexual .
why do men state that they need sex ?
do you think of it similar to this ?
do n't be rude , be yourself .
would you like to get together sometime ?
you are allotted plenty of time , so please take your time .
i am extremely fond of a forceful woman !
but it 's helpful to know what girls enjoy .
yes , i 'm intrigued by this question as well .
the women who is also my wife .
i am not seeking a relationship .
why can your dad not be friends with jen ?
personally , i do not know what to say when my boyfriends compliments me .
spend time remember why you got married to begin with .
try sitting her down and talking about it .
if he is a fried you should be able to simply ask him .
try sending her a love letter expressing exactly how you feel about her .
how do i know that it is her ?
have you happened to see the movie a lot like love ?
i think a restraint would be of great use .
however , i never again saw my cousin .
mature woman are great companions .
if he loves you , he wo n't be going anywhere .
well , what should he state ?
put your children first every time .
if you enjoy my advice email me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com .
i am going there like this now .
what is there not to be attracted to by that ?
men like women 's breast because they started to resemble a butt .
make friends with them and ask them out .
donald d is knowledgable , listen to him .
you will find the right man soon .
you will be flabbergasted .
and then , be a good listener .
he might see that as a fun activity .
if not just make her remember why she loves you in the first place .
it 's definitely not worth losing your friend over .
she does tell me that she 's in love with me .
some men are weak and goalless .
i do n't recommend asking somebody upon the first meeting .
you could spill a smoothing on his shoes .
maybe she is in love with it .
there is not a clear way of knowing .
she does not say much ; i wonder why .
love is love . live and let live .
i do not know why , so i am frightened .
even so , men are almost always that way .
i would prefer it if he was not so skinny .
you must ask a question to get an answer .
i have the same problem . please tell me the answer .
do not bother with them if they have ever cheated on someone .
find out if this guy still likes you , then email me .
thank you for your comment , and i love your enthusiasm .
if she enjoys your company , you will be in her good graces .
they want to be with you always .
if he really loves you , then words do not matter .
i believe that for most men love is simply a want .
that is incorrect because that is desirable to your heart .
i repeatedly feel love affection for my significant other .
why are you not happy for yourself ?
everything is well with a pair of children .
just admit she 's right to everything she says .
it 's like they are addicted to it !
second , just say to him you rather not hangout .
if we are psycho , so be it !
sorry , but it 's not your duty .
my goodness ! that leaves me incredulous .
you should always keep your eyes open for other opportunities .
do you think he loves me ?
i am going out with my best friend , who is a guy .
you do not want a man . you want a servant .
sit down and talk to him .
with that said , let 's talk about the guy who left to think .
it is like the air we breathe .
most assuredly you will , once you are a married person .
blondes , or red headed people , i apologize .
i agree , it does depend on the woman in question .
any length more than two and a half inches is a very enjoyable thing .
the definition of `` lust '' , is being first with another person .
that is , if you also want to be `` just friends '' .
dead fish ollec , the fishmonger
do not coerce yourself to like somebody .
honestly , you should tell him to adopt himself a child .
how do men get cured of chlamydia ?
no parents or children .
ask questions , but also know when to listen quietly .
please only ask her father and your boss .
what gift should i give him for christmas ?
you may ask her to go on a date with you .
your future mate may reside in europe .
i enjoy women who have whiskers .
( i believe i am correct . )
if not , do not change your schedule .
my friends who have remarried seem to do that .
i am overly emotional and had to vent .
if you do not like it , then it is wrong .
how can i know if she likes me or not ?
your partner should love you .
i have so much going on , not often enough .
you should have sex a few times , get married , then have sextuplets .
do you think i should call him ?
do n't degrade yourself . there are many great sexy men .
this is only when you are serious about the relationship you are in .
the wedding and marriage , they are not only about her .
behave as you name state , `` triple h '' .
he married her and started a family with her because he adored her .
it 's funny that men are always available .
she laughs and we dream with one another , we can not stop smiling .
what would you recommend i do ?
he is definitely cheating on you .
i like guys with long hair .
will he divorce her ?
you have a lot of nerve .
buy her flowers or some other gift she would not expect to receive .
you married him -- not his sister or the rest of his family .
ask him why he likes you .
it sounds like test of your loyalty .
does that mean that they 're not in love with their first love ?
ask him why he likes you .
it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all of that junk .
that does mean that they 're not still in love with their first love .
i 'm 24 years old . my wife is 35 .
get over it , and get on with your life .
bon jovi will be there for you .
the way she acts and the people she associate with .
he is constantly thinking about family , whereas i have only had my
but what is my reward for hanging in there ?
men , especially teenagers , tend to think about sex a lot .
no means no , whether you like it or not .
can you tell me something about yourself ?
my boyfriend is in brooklyn , ny .
you do not want to hurt her .
it is pretty clear that the two of you are not an item yet .
when we love a person we desire to see them happy .
that is the key , and the rest will follow .
friends that hate me does n't sound ideal .
it depends upon what kind of women you like .
men do n't play head games usually , that 's for women .
you need a man that 's going to love you , for yourself .
such as when you think , before listening to your heart .
both he and i are very attractive and successful .
it would absolutely be just us , and that 's the issue !
let him kiss you , unless it makes you uncomfortable .
then , find a great man and have great intercourse !
try to date a girl that has a lot in common with you .
how old are you ?
and i am always pondering on the fact she may find someone better .
you walk up to this person and ask them for a date .
i awaken several times and toss and turn , i just never feel rejuvenated .
because women have vaginas that we want to stick it in .
it is always important to have experiences whether they are good or bad .
and if the answer is no then consider initiating a date .
some men have an affinity towards being bald .
wait until you turn thirty-five , that when life get great .
once a cheater , always will be .
also go see my best friends wedding .
when the other person is always on your mind
i believe those would definitely help you !
anywhere that you like making love is heavenly .
and it has got to be a two way street .
how much younger ? honestly , some women do that .
if there is n't one hundred percent trust then i would wait .
i believe it really depends on what the woman is searching for .
i suppose it can be a resteraunt .
how can i encourage a guy to ask me out ?
if kids are involved , you have to do what is best for them .
she will not care after that .
men do such things because they can often get away with it .
i am a virgin so anything would be helpful .
i have noticed that it depends on the girl involved .
i 'm very pleased to have one woman .
you ca n't let anyone pursue you like that .
you also need to take things slow if she wants .
i had four children for him .
men will do that sort of thing .
if you need to hear i love you than you are not in love .
just listen to what she has to say .
all good things come to those who wait .
i would not do him again , i did not enjoy it .
report abuse . how old is everybody present ?
laundry . my goodness , next question , please .
i do not like sharing my guys .
i have been with my romantic companion for roughly a year now .
we are not required to search every store location .
most of the woman doo not follow up on their promises .
i know it is difficult but you will find an adequate man soon .
if any , let him make the first move .
embrace your wonderful abilities , then trust in yourself and keep going .
every time i do something nice for people i get the blow off .
asians have a fortune , no doubting that .
it is painful to be rejected so there is n't a shortcut around it .
it is wonderful to conversation with a mature woman .
then go make him a pie .
if it 's meant to succeed , it will , so be patient .
if that is not the case he might be obligated to do it .
in washington dc the ratio of men to women is huge .
to some it is a laffy taffy answer .
we are odd about such things .
it depends , to which country do you belong ?
it would depend on how the chat goes .
i may be 52 , but i did n't start out that old !
if you do n't talk to her , then yeah .
if you get feelings , they are the result of your lust .
if she loves you , and you love her , then stay with her !
you should be who you are .
wait until you get married .
i hope everything works out , and feel free to email me .
dress attractively , and then undress .
i do n't know what to do .
you should tell him to stop bothering you .
i do not know , did you ask him where he is going ?
only if you want it to .
firstly , try gaining her father 's trust .
girl on girl is wonderful , but guy on guy is revolting .
ladies and gentlemen , please answer me for i am drowning , here !
it takes me a little time ; is that okay ?
he wants to have what he feels belongs to him .
you need to have faith in another person .
it sounds as though he wants to have his cake and eat it too .
you may learn a few things if you watch the movied `` hitch . ''
we have attempted yahoo personals , chat rooms , gay bars , etc .
their best advertisement is a satisfied customer .
i wonder if she is around 12 .
you should tell him what is on your mind .
not really , but why are you asking this question ?
he may possibly have a girlfriend .
go for the quickest solution .
just be honest with him .
be thankful it happened before you two got married .
can you have your cousin talk to him ?
it is unlawful to engage is sexual activity with a minor .
the traditional song `` happy birthday '' is always appropriate .
particularly if you consider yourself unattractive .
you have multitudes of it .
if you do not do it , you will regret it .
i do not wish to legally separate because of the children .
i am sure that you perform the appropriate hygeinic neccessities each day .
the best combination is talk , dark and handsome .
paul is not normal , and neither are you .
i missed the opportunity to save 3 % .
i thought i met my soulmate online .
do you thing my best friend will cheat on me because of my jealousy ?
i truly like a girl but she is currently unaware of my affection .
i hope that you are successful in figuring this state of affairs out .
these girls are not horrifying or monstrous .
learn methods to use no matter what your size is .
do not beg for their friendship either !
they all divorced , the women remarrying a few years after the fact .
they are not as scorned as you .
only his boyfriend knows for sure .
believe it or not , guys tend to daydream more than girls .
you need to be careful because it is a co-worker .
do i ask him if he likes me when i call him back ?
i love my boyfriend , and he loves me .
if he is a guy , then he is cheating on you .
why surprise her after you have eaten ?
please show up naked and bring beer .
do not worry , because you will meet someone someday .
try falling in love with him again , regardless of his unintelligent sister .
if you have doubt in your gut about the situation .
you should never marry a man simply for the sake of children .
take a look at the vehicles that they are driving .
it may happen if they contact you just to say hello .
some men prefer women who are not too slender .
you should dispense with the tacky and cheap pick up lines to lure women .
why should i look at pornography when you are there in bed ?
he will like you much less when you do .
[ fragment ] if you both like movies .
she is acting unusually .
saying she 's beautiful , makes a woman feel special .
try this , do n't be stingy .
i college at least.it 's not legal , at my college at least .
it makes it much more precious when you do say it !
i also prefer my guys to be big .
love will not fade away if you do not let it .
i think it would be awesome for a man to have it personalized !
you should question him if he has a girlfriend .
no matter if it 's verbal , mental , physical , or sexual .
girl , age is only a number .
you are looking at the suburb definition of cute .
just communicate what is on your mind .
you have to have trust in a relationship .
some males fear rejection as much as do females .
i like her very much , however .
make sure to ask him about his fantasy .
meet some girls while you are in college .
does he say it only after you say it ?
be strong and stop the torturing of an innocent child .
i gave him a nice tip .
karma will reward your good deeds .
hold her hand while you are watching television tonight .
you may have made those vows for no reason .
i love him and i do not want this situation to end our relationship .
soon , you will be going on various types of adventures together .
i felt sorry for him , even though i know i should n't have .
i get the impression that he was joking .
this is now , always and forever to stop asking questions .
yes , being a guy i can relate to that .
do n't let him kiss you in the dark
i prefer men with short hair .
make a person love you by being lovable in return .
i believe that about 90 % believe that to be true .
i would like my wedding to be perfect .
she already likes you , so the hard part is over .
why not the precious moments store ?
it is clear that counseling is needed .
buy those people some white socks .
cause her to become envious by making advances towards her friends .
yahoo chat is acceptable and it has no cost .
they are the person that never says `` no '' .
i would not believe that only her 's is a reasonable idea .
is it possible that he is attempting to make me jealous ?
i am amazed . why did you limit the query to only 2005 ?
when you are married , she should take your last name .
you should walk up to her and tell her .
when she speaks , listen so that you can learn what is bothering her .
sometimes you strike out , but most of the time it works out .
please do not kill me before i finish ... lots of love .
i can buy them myself or ask him to get them .
you are in a rut .
in western countries , virginity is no big deal
ask him if he has a brother .
ask to be friends if she says no .
do n't do it just to please your boyfriend .
the membership offers unlimited music downloads for a one-year period .
they will never gossip about you .
it 's as if no one is willing to give me the information .
would you recommend i stay , in an effort to work the relationship out ?
i own a phone with a camera , so does she .
it is not needed to inform her at the very start .
males think with their minds , women tend to react and think using emotions .
am i losing my best friend ?
is he truly abusive or are you making this up ?
firstly , it depends on your age .
woman such as those are extremely friendly .
do n't have an affair . especially not with her friend .
what 's the worse he could say , correct ?
if you truly love each other , you 'll find a way .
i believe that a problem for you to solve , no offense .
some females do that , push it on yourself to leave .
he needs better friends if they are that immature .
and if you enjoy something you always return back .
that man is smiling strange and asking simple questions .
if you despise someone then the feeling is probably mutual .
work your hardest while being true to yourself .
i can feel when i am right most of the time .
wait to say it until you are more intimate .
it is fine if you are over 30 years old .
many kind , intelligent girls .
do not see him a final time .
you only have one first time , so make it the best possible experience .
do not get a sunburn on your honeymoon !
i do not know him , but i am guessing .
although , it has only been two years .
women are better swindlers than men are .
if she makes advances towards other men , she is likely afraid of commitment .
do n't be concerned , if the women need you or not .
or you can cyber chat online , etc .
i must terminate it . i need to know how .
i do n't know you and have n't met you .
women want sex as much as much as men .
she only wants a good grade . forget about it , old man .
never be disappointed , and remember that you must fail in order to succeed .
it does not matter if they are older men or younger men .
oh ! there is hope -- much hope . trust me .
yes . because we need to get to know people .
it depends on whether you can find another homosexual nearby .
surprise her with flowers . forget the sex .
perhaps she thinks negatively of you .
i think there 's more intimacy with a person you 're in love with .
must boys wonder about the worth of girls ?
because they are extremely interesting .
females do n't have to work as hard because males are easy to attract .
it 's funny and i agree with wendy on that point .
do you understand my position ?
above all he and i must have similar interests .
but do not worry , there will be other me for you .
not too long , not enough to reach your shoulders .
men just have urges when they are around pretty women .
mastrurbation can be a substitute for sexual activity .
be there for others by helping out and showing friendship .
you should kiss someone when you feel the urge .
i find that boring .
inform him that it 's your first kiss .
i found it . so i do n't have to go looking again .
you want to be allowed to play .
it 's not possible , if they 're concerned about you .
obsessing over them , or dying at a young age in terrible .
at least three to four times a week .
therefore take it slowly and carefully .
i recommend simply leaving it alone .
here is the deal : there is both love and lust .
there are many questions that need to be addressed before you get married .
are they bad girls , similar to how some girls like bad guys ?
did you ever stop and think that he owns you ?
how much do you like him ?
guys can be jerks , even when they are trying to be nice .
do you believe in love at first sight ?
yes , it is definitely normal for a female to have male friends .
one should continuously keep an eye on girls , both far and near .
no , he is a player , that 's all .
if so , how much does the celebration warrant ?
using sex as a weapon is unacceptable .
however , that does not mean you do not have a chance with them .
once in a while , as long as it is not happening frequently .
better to not ; it is not likely . why ? are they older ?
it 's how you receive a career , dumb !
anyways , he may be saying it because that 's how he really feels .
you are not physically attracted to him .
i spent a total of $ 65 on christmas presents for him .
i believe that he is very interested in your curvaceous body !
if you 're intimidated , she will know .
if she is like that , you can take her to a park .
it depends on how much younger .
are you a complete prude or anything ?
you do not deserve a man like this .
consider interviewing with playboy magazine or something along those lines .
it is not a good idea to get physical with her .
he cares more about this girl than he cares about himself .
it is from a 14-year-old boy .
three of my friends were backstabbed by another friend of mine .
should fatherly be where it is on the list ?
first , you should be careful around the people you hang out with .
if the situation got to that point , a real man would leave .
they either do or they do not .
that , however , does not make it right .
it is not good , i will reveal that much .
why would anybody care how much money he spent ?
it is just the two of us : grover washington and bill withers
you should show off your bosom and use a seductive glance .
i am going to say , `` no ! ''
you can begin by spelling loser correctly .
but i really love my boyfriend .
it is sort of like if walmart sold xxx movies .
the mysterious and fun-loving brunettes .
girls think the same thing about guys , but the other way around .
because you are always looking at these ridiculous converstions on this darn computer !
if you have not done so , do not let it bother you .
you turn onto wilbanks road and go 10.3 miles
there can and never will be trust between you because of how it started .
well , i know how you feel .
you can not just find it , you have to create it .
i got to know this girl through online chat .
however , she never told you ( as she had no need to ) .
not my vision of a boyfriend .
act like i ca n't see him , wave ?
that people even have to ask questions like this one is perplexing to me .
what you believe girls do n't wan na have ?
near by a jewelry store .
the true opinion females have of men .
i am in similar circumstances .
search for the country you desire in yahoo messenger .
firmly tell him your answer is no .
she may not acknowledge you if you do n't .
it is not smart to stay with someone who is cheating on you .
neither his female friends nor my female friends are our type .
you both need to find something better to do with your lives .
unless your mother has a good reason to worry ?
it should be what the girl likes .
maybe you can have some back door action with her .
i would know . i have a crush .
well , i hope i helped you out .
girls like romantic guys .
do not listen to anything .
if you really love him let him tell you when he really loves you .
why can you not find girls in college ?
he could n't find good flowers but like 's you .
do n't come on too strong at first .
be yourself no matter who is watching .
of course it could be that she wants him to marry her .
i care about her , and she cares about me , too .
i bet you would do whatever it takes for italian leather .
i would take you in with lots of love and no judgments .
i recommend that you attempt to move on .
if that 's how you feel then it 's not a problem .
in the meantime , let 's all act responsibly .
in my opinion , having a good voice is also helpful .
by which i mean that it needed to be cared for .
i would like for you to rate this answer as the best , please .
i use a similar approach when courting women .
i despise her for not protecting me .
your husband would not have married you if he did not want you
i 'm 14 and seeking advice .
she invites you to go places with her .
men are not complicated like women are .
judas priest turbo lover has just the right rhythm and sound for the occasion .
i would be fully natural about it .
nobody deserves to be abused in any way-not one person !
as long as the key 's are n't gummy .
at the very least they can drink , i believe ?
i believe it 's because women judge people by how they look .
beware and just give it time .
secondly , why would she hate you for leaving .
no , it is not wrong .
it will happen if he finds another girl who can meet his needs .
no matter where you meet people you should exercise caution .
you should n't judge yourself so harshly .
true love will find you ; the opposite is not necessarily true .
do n't give into the temptation of divorce .
that baby deserves a chance to survive .
please email me back the answer .
that is what the power of nature forced them to do .
i think you should read `` he 's just not into me '' .
just get irritated or upset .
you are just being friendly with her if you are just talking to her .
males often have these thoughts about females .
mothers often think they know what is best , and they usually are correct .
if one is shy online , they should consider seeking help .
you told me your feelings have changed .
please tell me about yourself , rudha .
start your conversation simply by saying you like the way she always smiles .
but men do n't mean it that way at all .
or give it time for someone else to do it before you .
question is n't complete , you must determine the type of girls .
then you are an awful memory .
sex is only for people who are married .
bad patterns are difficult to stop .
i have many favorite colors . i like the color blue the most .
although we cohabitate , we do n't get much time by ourselves .
if you 're in doubt , you should speak with her doctors .
i would think that way would have made it more special .
what is your age ? you seem to be lacking in knowledge .
if a man cheats , he is not worth much .
there is an age old saying : nature knows .
i witness people making mistakes everyday , including with love .
that holds true whether or not you did anything wrong !
people who are happier get on with life .
also , `` one time at band camp '' .
there is n't a good age to get married
dude , have you watched `` forty year old virgin '' ?
do n't force yourself to experience it .
your heart will inform you if you are in love .
why would you enter a situation you have no experience with ?
though i miss her every day .
she may have the experience you are looking for .
love is the gut feeling that you receive .
i desire to know if i fit in .
i like men who are my height or taller .
it also depends on how the guy behaves .
he will try to have sex with you .
i wish i could of had a longer childhood .
perhaps they 'll return to see who else has answered .
that 's what i heard .
it depends upon some size measurements .
my ex girlfriend acts insane at times .
you 'll certainly will be lucky .
why would you ever date a man who would cheat on his wife ?
it depends upon how much you 'd like to invest .
there 's nothing sexy about that bodily function .
do you see how he looks at you , girl ?
due to that , she will worship you . is that bad ?
i have sympathy for the women that you interact with .
due to the way they obtain the diamonds .
ask her what she wants , or have her make a list for you .
women deal better with emotions , than most men do .
if you want to obtain that class of man , show a little leg .
they stated they meant it to be flirty .
step four is getting to know your love interest .
be the girl who is fun , the one he knew in the beginning .
i will ask : did it hurt and then what did they say ?
i am not sure what her fule should be !
honey , those days are long gone !
mostly , it depends on sex or past , among other qualities .
sure , what do you have to lose ?
staying inside or sleeping only makes it harder to recover .
if you would really want to know , ask him .
find another man for your sexual needs . not everyone is good at everything .
what is a good movie to go to when you are on a date ?
we can talk more on yahoo , mikegoti1972 @ yahoo.com .
are you seeing the bigger picture .
was i early , she seemed like she approved the term .
i believe it depends how this cousin is connected to you .
if the woman is not my daughter , i 'm the luckiest man .
be straightforward . inform him what occurred and apologize .
who stated americans are the only ones .
god did such a great job making women . every man wants one .
i appreciate all of it , their shape , and softness , everything !
what leads you to the knowledge it is them ?
it was very similar to looking upon tommy lasorda .
more often than not , they will go for the money .
i do not want to get caught .
just like me , they long to be close to you .
is it bad to have rough sex ?
do not let him get to you .
i need more money .
i have been asking the same question for years .
you 're the backup boyfriend . end it , you 're getting played with .
there 's no shame in waiting for the right time .
i lost my virginity when i was drunk , at seventeen .
that depends on what you use it for .
do not think another thing about it , honey .
it does not matter that she is black ; a girl is a girl !
what was his reply after you asked him ?
try not to think about what your doing .
be patient and there for him , different people have different reactions .
what does me loving to kiss girls have to do with pets ?
your positive there 's no doubt ?
i do not want to sound mean but i wonder why you care .
do not get married until you are financially stable .
i think that it is spelled `` amorous '' .
and if they really love you , then they will wait !
in conclusion , involve yourself with the world and live your life .
that sounds a lot like my 10th grade year .
however , they are still dating and still living together .
well , does age have anything to do with it ?
the question i ask is , should i or should i not ?
this was something that actually worked for me on one occasion .
they could n't of so easily found the correct person .
men look for the same as women do in men , security .
it 's one of the best books i 've ever read .
men have different preferences regarding sizes .
in a wedding ceremony , do the ring bearers walk before the flower girls ?
if she thinks you are spying then the outcome may not be good .
it could be lust at first sight .
ask a friend to ask him or her.if you stalk him or her , then
is someone teasing her at school ?
there will be no copulation , only monetary compensation .
your date would enjoy attending . however , you may find it somewhat long .
i am grateful for the sympathy of others .
i would , simply to be nice..
no , obviously you know that she has a boyfriend .
if he does that and he loves , his little girl stays .
show her how to eat properly , and encourage her each day .
i hated my life after that .
females tend to like many frivolous things .
find couples to spend time with !
also , he has been my best friend for over a year .
however , this is not a guarantee . some men are not mature .
flirt with her until she is aware of your feelings .
i definitely would want to be aware .
your relationship is definitely somewhat different .
it 's your decision whether to stay or leave .
you should n't make it about race .
no you do not , but you will need a lawyer for each state .
they may not be the issue , it may be you .
now tell me , what do you think ?
you should let everybody know who he is and location .
if you attempt it , you 're not very smart .
naked pictures are not my best work .
i agree . that is funny .
it depends whether or not the two of you are in a relationship .
be sure to check her ring finger .
it is better , however it can be more painful .
both parties need to be ready and willing to go .
it is important to me to express this , they are in the wrong .
what about his wife hillary ?
you treat cds , shirts , dvds , an iou or the like .
he still does n't care even after arguing about it .
she will get even more upset when you decide to abandon her .
mind your own business .
you 're the man she promised her love to by marriage .
it completely depends upon your preferences .
if you 're a woman , then you need to know how to kiss .
i do n't want an unattractive boyfriend .
i masturbate almost ten to twelve times a day .
always behave in your nature and your honesty and you will get them .
same goes with instant messaging ; do not archive your messages .
otherwise he will never know that you have a problem .
because too dumb makes no difference .
what in the world should i do ?
and so we can share it with other people .
are you aware of his past ?
i use myspace and zanga , check them out .
honestly , i think that you should just be straightforward with him .
but that is me .
i 'm sorry you 're having a lonely christmas .
you 're considering it , correct ?
maybe your family is trying to save you from making a terrible mistake ?
i 'm spending a majority of my time there .
they mean they would never do anything to harm you .
it 's natural , unless she is going all out o get your attention .
you do n't bother with a girl like that .
life is a single way road , and god !
huge , tiny , crooked , perky , appearance has no affect .
you must look beyond his attractive physical appearance .
a pleasant man who is not concerned with the desires of women .
you are certainly able to love what is appropriate and hate what is appropriate .
i engage in this action on at least three occassions throughout a day .
that took a while to just say : relax .
he had a transplant to hear .
some men would find blondes , redheads , or even gray hair sexy .
if you put them all together , it 's the perfect women .
men believe that sometimes no means yes , and yes means no .
what do you all think is the reason behind this happening ?
it is really a shame because you are not in your right mind .
however it sounds like it is cheating .
try to make compliments and talk about things that interest you .
slap his face and remind him of his identity .
using lubrication will help tremendously .
it can be repaired with god 's help .
it is similar to being dishonest .
compliment me and tell me your plans .
apply lube to the door jam .
darryl is willing to take me back in spite of my telling him .
go to a social event and meet a beautiful girl .
the reason is that god is not a part of the relationship .
how can i ascertain the answer ?
it would be rude to yell at him in front of a nun .
it sounds like it will make your reunion even better .
you both may like eachother , but neither of you want to admit it .
take a chance , call her .
you should try using a phone .
do you have any advice or ideas on what is going on ?
looking alone will not do it .
good luck my friend , but take your time .
they would like something easy or they sleep around .
i believe that females are always thinking about that subject .
i believe you already knew that .
if you 're in love with him , then no .
you 'll need to be wealthy .
i adore it , believe me , every second .
if you 're certain you want to marry him
oct. 16 1996 married , and already they have three little girls .
you continually say one thing , then another .
i believe he 's cheating on you , or stealing money from you .
in my experience , the majority of men aim too high .
eye contact is the main key .
you should just kiss her in public .
i prefer the medium-sized items .
that person will not judge you , regardless of what you do .
he left me along for two hours and it was not the first time .
a lot of humor and crayons .
you should find happiness with your current status .
it is excellent that they listen when i speak .
i truly miss the feeling of being with the one i love .
i experienced a similar problem recently .
maybe this is because birds are afraid of coming near people .
return everything that hers , and continue speaking with her , nicely .
i would n't mind going out with her .
it as if , i 'm there to only satisfy him .
you should inform a neighbor what 's occurring .
for the first time , just to allow it to be easier .
for the first time , you should relax .
please pardon my spelling , i 'm terrible at it .
you definitely want to avoid comparing him to other past men .
during the day , show her love and attention .
if it 's ruining your life , you need to speak with her .
they are not great , but so are std 's .
you should ask her instead of us .
that sounds harsh and hopeless , however you should keep trying .
a man who can cook is great too !
after his attempt i informed his wife .
sure , if you really are interested in her .
a good start to a relationship is giving the other person what they desire .
and that 's why you love her too , right ?
look for someone who is single and tell that cheater bye .
a majority of caucasian men do not favor heavier women .
love is proof that god remains with us in this tragic world .
now if this is the man who is inquiring , then you have issues .
find someone single and tell the cheater goodbye .
most caucasion men do not like fat women .
love is proof that god is with us in this dark world .
i made a video of me confessing my love by singing to you .
is he always happy to see you ?
please do not let her know you talked about her on the computer .
she thinks the guy is infatuated with her .
i 'm not quite sure why i do n't enjoy it .
the ultimate question is if he 's in love with you ?
i see many men . whenever i exit my home .
if that occurred on the second date , i suggest you stop dating him .
it is not about what you buy , but about what you give .
yes , i think you should ask her .
you just like someone when you do not even understand why .
he is one of the best men you will ever meet .
he has a good head on his shoulders .
maybe you just have not found your true love !
goodness , what does she like to do ?
i am sure you will enjoy it there .
there was something that had to make the relationship that awful .
i believe that you should talk to him .
say that you just want to be friends .
good luck with all the lovely woman in the world .
different woman , enjoy different items . you need to be more specific .
do n't forget to show your attributes , good luck !
it 's difficult , when you get upset at your your own teammate .
we had to accept it , and continue .
oh , anyone would be fortunate to get that !
apparently , it all depends on your desire to find a soulmate .
oh , anyone would be so lucky or blessed to get that .
i think it depends on your desire to find a soulmate .
and of course , the most important thing is the brain .
most women lie about how many men they have slept with .
but some do it because they have the urge to rule you .
being lovely from all people , like how i love him .
no is already decided , because you 're not dating him .
you need to see a psychologist , immediately .
you definitely need to read sex for dummies by dr. ruth , immediately !
you could always be lovers and friends .
there are no concerns if she loves you and you love her .
i am not sure , most likely because it keeps the human race alive .
they will or they wo n't .
or she might be surprised and respond to you .
tell your mom that you do not like her family .
because , it is part of life .
you should try to impress me with the other end of your body .
you should decide to have your parents be your best friends for life .
it is not a personal matter if she does not like you .
if you are friends , you can absolutely send her a card .
enjoy a night out with friends and display my natural beauty .
please admit if you are more interested in her or in me .
it is not too soon .
i wonder what their response is going to be .
i did not hear of a reduction .
lets see what the cause is and fix it .
the gal is sweet , slim and has average breast .
by the way , i will miss him terribly !
they fell for the wrong person .
i wear mine on my ring finger , because that has more meaning .
sometimes . it can be chemical , and an easy fix .
have you come across skid marks in your own pants .
ask him straight to his face , live your life .
when you see something familiar and prominant , do you do it without fearing ?
you must search more and lower your expectations .
all i can say is that i am a catch !
first , should she leave him ?
because you are the one other fan of the carpenters !
there are women who sleep with others even when they have boyfriends .
good luck with whichever you like .
do you call your girlfriends daily ?
i am not sure , but i do not think it is your thumb .
at fifty , a thirty-two year old .
men in their late thirties or early forties .
yahoo is one of them .
i am pretty confident that it does not mean anything .
it is like telling them that they can not go shopping on wednesdays .
do not act like an old maid either .
if he does help , then size will not matter .
is he lying to you when telling you what he is doing ?
an inexpensive and good quality product is the best option .
i also had something similar occur .
you can engage in oral sex or manually manipulate her .
it is natural to me to engage in a relationship without any hatred involved .
that is what worries me the most .
what if he asks questions ?
if they are getting away with it , why would they admit to cheating ?
geez your hands are freezing
he might be gay if this do n't work
good luck with that .
guys do not always think about sex all the time .
well first , ask her how she is doing .
the funny thing is i realized that i love the other guy more .
they follow their own instincts on what they want to do .
you do n't jump and start yelling .
when you 're married , there 's no such thing as girlfriend .
because he already loves someone else .
who are you and where are you from ?
have they told us they are hot ?
good point mace , women enjoy shopping .
if he is n't interested in it you can always send it to me .
i wear thongs and i was wondering if guys enjoyed them ?
guys , how long would you stay around until she does ?
if she does not brig a date figure one out for her .
many of us tend to over analyze information .
we often stay in and do not go out .
you should speak with him and see what is going on .
please apologize for the rude behavior .
there was a huge teddy bear with diamond earrings .
well , it all depends on what you are looking for .
and she is probably sharing the same bed with him .
i can tell you something i was told a long time ago .
make sure to return to being yourself .
i would say to get a neutral friend to ask him .
i would not sleep with her .
please get help and get it fast .
if you wait for marriage then you bring something special to the marriage bed .
my advice is : get a neutral friend to ask him .
or say , `` i would not have coitus with her . ''
they were always stating to them , that it 's wrong and dirty .
my husband and i , love to hug .
he might feel threatened . as though he might possibly lose you .
well it sounds as if you have a boyfriend who only thinks about himself .
hello , i am saying to start talking to her .
many shy men have an easier time getting dates when they do that .
begin slowly and you will know when things need to speed up .
why do you not date black people ; humans are certainly odd that way .
yes , you are a sexual rendezvous .
all males do not cheat on their girlfriends .
i do not intend to state that other women do not .
you will locate the appropriate man as there is a partner for every person .
i hope that is not your mother and father as that would be unfortunate .
however , feel unconstrained in providing payment on occassion .
otherwise , move on and find someone who really deserves you !
maybe you learned to like him just because he is the only one around .
or , they are desperate to find a guy .
dinner and a movie always works !
she must be at ease .
i assume it depends on the situation .
is it worse to cook two meals , or to lose your best friend ?
did you grow up near any homosexual individuals ?
this question was repeated earlier today .
they should do something with these pleasingly plump girls .
i wonder why they are not making me leave .
i am trying to get a clear answer but you all are decisive .
if i desire to fight i will involve myself in politics .
an idea existing in your mind .
locate a lady whose company you enjoy then ask her to be your girlfriend .
additionally , sir , your appearance is very appealing .
she sounds like my last girlfriend , the one i almost proposed to .
i am guessing that you are not the smartest person around .
yes , i have been dating this girl for two months .
you should admit that you were looking .
make sure they never come between you both .
you do n't possess them .
i did n't mean for it to sound harsh , i meant it kindly .
outsides can be very different from their insides .
it depends on two things : age and family relationship .
men are encouraged to ask a woman .
i beg you to not listen to them .
it is possible you are a victim of low self-esteem
is is also true many boys do as well .
break up with this excuse of a man , and live you life well .
no , i enjoy kissing girls .
it 's definitely alright with him , and he is aware why .
continue your actions as you are gaining favor in her view .
you need to be careful because there is danger in the city .
it means something is wrong .
most men do not care about all the details involved in planning a wedding .
i think most wives cheat because of loneliness and a lack of intimacy .
it depends if you have nondisrupted communication .
do you want to spend time together ?
possibly it 's your right ring finger .
only the disgusting ones such as you do .
girl , i was having a similar conversation with a friend of mine .
but i would be tempted if you wear pink .
but 12 years later , i am still wishing .
you will not have any pain after that .
but you might not be soft hearted like me .
do whatever it takes , but get out of there .
when you are ready , you may speak .
if they are , they are the type that do not last .
try tickets , such as to a sporting event or a concert .
he needs to admit that he wants to quit .
may i have answers from both sexes please ?
if you love each other than life is fuller .
that will not change .
break up and run for your life !
it is not what i think , but it depends upon what you think .
i do not know but you certainly can come up with hard questions .
rob this girl from your friend .
i thought an ankle bracelet had some kind of meaning . am i wrong ?
air supply - making love out of nothing at all .
yes , if not communicating with him will ease and help the recovery process .
if he is okay being just friends , then it is fine .
first of all , do the usual thing and find out their name .
women get even more moody after they have sex .
everyone needs to be alone sometimes .
montel had a great program on the subject .
a person should not be in a hurry to lose their virginity .
if the retina moves to the right , it could be an indication .
the only reason that you want tater back is that you are alone now .
start the foreplay , you deserve it as well .
all women are not like that .
i love her . we 're only fifteen , and she does n't know .
that 's what men say to women to get them into bed .
you can not control your heart .
basically , we would do anything for the other person .
make your bed rock as hard as you may .
it is possible that you have nothing to do with this .
tell her that is how men are born .
then have coitus as passionately as you can .
about the family member , i am sorry .
it is possible that this does not concern you .
tell her that is how men are born .
have you ever heard of the song , lovers and friends ?
he 'll tell you you 're alike .
it seems as if the man has no self-confidence .
i 'm thirteen . i was just wondering .
i do not believe so , my dear , not long term .
women are obsessed with men as well as vice versa .
have you discussed your issue with him ?
much depends on the individual you are attracted to .
it is really bad when you kiss another guy .
most men are dogs but not all of them .
do n't do it god will be mad .
it is funny that he is a mean man .
so you have it under control when talking to the police or your mom .
keep looking and do not give up .
it does not taste great , but is not bad either .
i am certain they will . after all a nice person is getting married .
it is not worth it !
give her some roses and chocolates and just kiss her on the lips .
ask him , if he feels the same , it will work out .
nobody is worth ruining a great relationship .
all he wants from you is sex .
liv tyler , please tell ben affleck to help you out .
it is an attraction for girls .
do not use the line if you are not the one .
if you really like her you should get her some diamond earings .
men are all different there are many of us and we are all different .
if that does n't help , i 'm not sure where you should go .
while he 's away . want to hang out ?
most likely , because he knows how men are .
we 're friends , and be nothing more ever again .
then , see if she acts trustful .
please do not cover another person 's whole mouth with your lips .
please take good care of yourself , you are very special .
the best way to find out is if you asked him out .
hello , i am also searching for extraterrestrial life .
my apologies , that was the only word i could think of .
i finally told him that we would never be romantically involved .
no one is perfect .
is it because people find satisfaction when they are fornicating ?
men currently do not value respect the way they did in the past .
i want to receive ten points for this .
if you love him , go for him as soon as you see him .
i have a great attitude , and you can not have it .
tell him things that actually matter .
you actually call him your man friend ?
next time , i 'll attend with him .
do n't let anybody try to change your mind .
i knew i loved him , before i ever even spoke with him .
she will just have to overcome her feelings related to it .
finally , remember that women are unfaithful to their male partners as well !
even a child knows the difference between love and hate .
i believe i more attracted to the man in hawaii .
as my mother always stated , `` mind your own business ! `` .
perhaps , because you have n't met me yet .
most likely , you choose the incorrect women .
if he is breathing heavily then yes .
that is the way love goes .
only if he is breathing extremely deeply .
simply because that is the way of love .
women also look at other men as well .
a new environment will assist exceedingly .
i believe she has grown out of the issues .
what year was their marriage performed ?
you have to say what age you are and what grade you are in .
i like blue a lot but wonder why they are using it that way .
it depends on the area where you live .
do not return before selling twelve pairs of shoes .
i am not certain that we will reconcile .
she may want only friendship so be careful .
you should continue with what you were doing .
i want to be able to come out of this .
if he 's attractive , you should , if not , then no .
the best way is to spend time with all three of you .
the eleventh finger for a man , and on the thumb for a female .
so spend some time talking with her .
with someone you care about it can be very special .
he said he loves me .
they are very deep feelings that we ca n't hide .
having a girlfriend , but also being a misanthrope ?
however , his girlfriend , a friend of mine recently broke off their relationship .
we do not want to continuously be hurt !
do n't worry . your boyfriend loves you just as you are !
go get some for yourself to find out the answer .
good luck . you have nothing to lose .
would you like to socialize on saturday night ?
you could stalk them back or confront them .
all we require is some sexual prowess and they can leave .
remember , a person exists who is the perfect partner for you .
they have very little other objectives for their existence .
your conjecture and my own are equally valid .
how very amusing , merely inform her she is too heavy for sexual relations .
therefore , he could be very unattrictive while treating her exceptionally well .
there are so many reasons why some people cheat .
we really love each other , though . what should i do .
no , and you should not be .
before he gets out of control .
would you even want to date , exculsively .
separate yourself from him , get on with it and your life .
this is something you will learn understand when you are grown .
this is due to the way they were brought up .
what do women really want from men ?
some men can deal with it , some are unable to .
especially if the man consumes alot of produce .
it is best to have your boyfriends friends like you .
women have a hard time understanding their needs .
if you need the answer , have have not .
when you have a girl you can be yourself around .
but if he is charming , he gets that in return .
you could pray , ask god what he would have you do .
she probably knows already but can not find the motivation .
if he is in love with you , he will not have sex .
go find a nice lady for yourself .
so far it 's been very interesting and entertaining .
marriage can be very expensive .
if my life was seen on music television , it be confused as well .
also , you may always call her out on her `` staring problem '' .
that person sounds like a controlling one .
this place is one in which many males are aroused by .
if someone rejects you , remember that life events are predetermined .
i dislike some of my friends because they disagree with me .
there are more potential partners ; do not stop trying .
buy him either a slinky or play-doh .
kiss him on the tip of his manhood .
if he does not return , then he was never yours .
you can tell if you really love that person ; open up your eyes .
i think that men would do that only if they felt threatened .
speak with her , while their busy answering the phone .
you ca n't state with certainty that he 's cheating .
is that the color you want to dye your hair ?
if he 's truly the right man , you will eventually end up together .
obtain a girlfriend , then move on !
it is possible you could look like bill gates in this situation .
there are many people at my school that like me .
when i walked in , he was with another girl .
i 'm guessing you 're asking why life is unfair .
somewhere in public you can talk , to make her feel safe .
in russia , wedding rings are worn on the right ring finger .
if he goes slowly , you 'll be okay .
men who act like jerks , do n't ever last long .
he 'll cheer you up if you 're ever sad .
one . please make it extra nice .
if you feel as if it 's a ploy , then do n't .
merely be straightforward and inquire of them .
i am merely hoping it is not in the near future .
if he finds you appealing due to your efforts you will not be happy .
a woman seeks the heart wether she is attractive or not .
if you stay with him , you can go on jerry springer .
you ca n't help loving them when you find someone thats completely for you .
what would you do at your parent 's place ?
thank you for answering me .
usually that stuff is good .
i can feel it in my heart .
you owe me eight dollars , please .
you will if you connect with me .
no one deserves to be yelled at by mean people .
i am a girl . it is uncomfortable for girls .
do n't let someone `` walk on you . ''
however , i would not feel bad about it .
would you like me to dress nicer ?
do you not want to put forth effort into going out to meet ?
that will make it more difficult for all those who are involved .
i have some friends who married older women .
something that is acceptable for an 80-year-old may not be for a 25-year-old .
do not do things that jeopardize your life .
why did you go near a brothel ?
in dating , race is of no significant difference .
on your left hand 's ring finger .
i hope i helped you some .
why do men lie about that ?
i 'm trying to keep this area a clean , cuss free zone .
however , i will let you in on a little secret .
with men , sex is just sex .
in the same way i do , they want to be close to you .
as a natural reaction , are more visually stimulated than women .
spoiled women are great fun when you give them what they want and more .
wow , what kind of women are you associating with ?
my friend spotted him having relations with many people last fall .
let him go and date someone in your own grade .
believe me , i know that love makes us do silly things .
just find a girl you find attractive and whom you can be honest with .
i believe you will be together if it is meant to happen .
it seems like you are ready .
if you do that , you 'll score major points .
do n't continue to search for ms. right . she 'll find you .
if i were you , i would n't change a thing .
tell her how you feel , and buy her items .
remember you love him , and are with him , no one else .
i am wondering what their life is really about .
right now you probably do not feel lust .
it depends upon what you call cheating .
when you find it , you will know .
i do not have any idea what a delmarva is .
just tell him exaactly what you mean .
that means it is only 50 percent certain .
i will stay home and take some time for myself .
are you upset about being gay ?
i generally try to spend thirty dollars or less , when possible .
paying a lot of attention is rather important .
a guy with dandruff or odorous hair is most undesirable .
you are n't alone in that sentiment .
i just released it and it was great .
i know things are hard but you can do it .
reality , like men it varies .
there is no reason to put an age limit on it .
the guy always thinks the women loves him .
maybe it was only lusty and not love at the beginning .
if she id not close to you , a necklace would be preferable .
i am doing something wrong .
find a woman you really love .
askhim how it is going .
please talk to me -- in arabic if you want to !
the first time you do it , there might be a little blood .
i 'd like to date a woman , at least in my case .
once a cheater , always a cheater .
wait for her reaction , then carry on with what she asked .
dead fish ollec was written by fish slayer .
he only texts her friends . he stated men lie .
i believe it is unnecessary to say why .
you 're both young , and have your complete life in front of yourselves .
attempt something rude to the man .
no , too much of a difference in age .
i do n't want my children in a shelter .
please , once you find out , tell my wife !
alternately , are you a non-mormon , trying to find others like yourself ?
relax ! oh , and make sure your partner uses a condom .
play a game on yahoo ! games .
it depends upon your age .
i can not be successful regardless of what i do .
men are dense sometimes . majority of the time .
firstly , you must remove him from your life .
you can as often as you want , as long as you have money .
she stated she hated me for quite awhile .
my parents must think i am the worst daughter .
there is nothing more than a man who likes to have good sex .
when it comes to love , there is no set of rules .
in life , love can be right or wrong .
go to the military post or base that is closest to you .
maybe you need to take some time to grow up .
it takes time to forget someone you have loved .
you do not have to ask about it .
maybe they look similar to a birdhouse ?
he 's twenty years old , please help .
if she cares , she 'll be uninterested in how much you spend .
you should n't ever utilize a pick up line on a woman .
for an accurate decision , i 'm going to need more details .
i would recommend you take a moment to stop , and observe the situation .
occasionally , she misses me to a great extent .
that would depend on where you desire the meet to take place .
if i understand correctly , you two were a couple but not anymore .
that is how i 'm going to reveal the news to you .
women love that kind of man .
but that is a good thing and is to be expected .
be friendly , stay quiet , and be the strong and silent type .
if this person is a life long acquaintence , then i would say no .
women are the devils of this work .
not all women act that way .
he 's talking of your mouth .
yes he is , especially if she demands him to stop and he continues .
for men it 's super important to look attractive .
provoke the dog , love their growls .
do you think i should end my relationship with my boyfriend .
my former boyfriend was unfaithful .
women frequently test their men to evaluate whether they are involved with other women .
he 'll never state that again .
drive her to a clothing store , then ask the assistant for help .
you should inform her before he does more damage .
you should cherish yourself until he 's ready .
i never make the first move . i 'm constantly battling off the women .
my father always supports me , no matter what .
we enjoy cheesy stuff , so do n't fret that it 's too weird .
love is a very strong word , but so is hate .
how can a shy guy find a girlfriend .
i am willing to compromise with her .
my fantasy is to have two men with me .
i heard that green is the sexiest color .
elijah wood has amazing eyes .
get a girlfriend , and try with her .
you must love to have , and so on .
my sister did that a lot , too .
even you do not believe in god , you can still read it .
it concentrates on interactions between relationship partners .
i no longer belong to myself , but i belong to you .
if you have to ask someone how they knows , you are not .
actually , honesty is the best way .
that is unbelievable , she is having intercourse daily .
do not ask for forgiveness ; women do not forgive .
you make your own decisions , just do not worry about it .
agitation may increase with continued persistence
please send me an email in order to speak further .
two out of three is not bad cousin .
things have gone downhill with the two men i met online .
he looks a lot like you .
it only happens once in a life time , twice if you are lucky .
you have to get his wife 's permission .
it is even better if she can not skate .
much to my chagrin , i do not believe i can even spell properly .
i would tell you to take her out on daily walks .
people always prefer dreams over reality , do they not ?
guys can also play with women 's feelings if they are intelligent .
i want a person that i can trust .
how badly does she want sex ?
never make her pay the bill .
it 's bad , when you 're always thinking of that person .
that could have easily of been mine .
he always find a way to touch you ?
my mate is my true love and i hate to be away from him .
no one cares about the yahoo ad .
you are like flour to me because i knead you .
once a cheater , always a cheater .
try to go out to a fine dining restaurant .
there are only stupid men out there .
it does n't need to be as fantastic as your dinner was .
it 's similar to the question , why do we hate ?
if a man treats me badly , i make sure he can kiss well .
if so , i would like to know myself .
that 's going to be awesome .
you 'll need to make a hard decision .
why are men obsessed with breasts ?
it 's better if you do n't do it .
caution stating something with the incorrect tone .
or , you can just send him a note on a holiday .
it is like being in love with love itself .
you are the best , and only your girlfriend should be your wife .
new love between friends and family equals a new life .
i was kidding with you , i am like that .
i am thinking i saw it on the tv .
this boy loves me and seems to be my worst enemy too .
it will make you look like a devil worshipper or something else !
please , do not forget to maintain eye contact .
when you see him , you will know .
just demonstrate why you really feel , be honest .
i am currently on hold , and i 'm a man .
not sure , never had rough sex !
work , play , education , anything you do .
if you know the man is abusive then why stay .
it is nice to always have your favorite ice cream and candy available .
i love how crazy love is .
i hope you know i am your friend and more .
do you know what i am saying ?
do not have only one girl spinning .
they are not all that .
i met my husband on yahoo personals .
we did not get married .
women do not appreciate a man who only takes care of her .
that is the difference between men and women .
sweetie , you ca n't be in love with someone you never met before .
we 're friends for six years , that 's all .
by expressing your dialogue with another woman .
they must be busy with something .
perhaps you are merely entirely uninteresting to him .
when kissing , breathe hard and bite their lip gently .
married with a beautiful two-year-old .
this works well and she will not suspect you are a player .
but it is bad if you go too quickly .
by now you understand that women enjoy talking . good luck !
i am still the same lustful man that she married .
once they have conquered one , they conquer the next .
if he does return , he will stay forever .
i am sending a bunch of kisses and red roses >
someone to insist , to come along with me during my life .
what will happen if you should get caught ?
i am very sexual , so i have tried it all .
i am more interested in sex than my husband is .
you are a lucky person , that you even have friends .
my answer to that would most assuredly be yes !
love does not set a minimum age .
you should talk to your husband , and not have an affair .
this is a taks for women , not for men .
i would go out with my wife every other week .
however , that too is good .
the man is jssse mccartney , and the woman is brittney spears .
( even though i would like my girl to be that special ! )
smart women are sexy and fun to hang out with .
get dressed up and go out to a nice place and test his reaction .
it is worse because the courts would be full of couples getting divorced .
okay , we understand the fresh breath idea .
i care about him a tremendous amount and i cheated on darryl with lou .
the only thing that is needed to be done is looking .
yes , i do however , wish you good luck .
smell of his penus .
women get grey hair too .
maybe after a few days but not right now .
do n't be rude to her .
the line did work for because i got her phone number and took her out
that is good for him , but are you not going to be there ?
colors that i would avoid are pinks , purples and pastels
there has to be a lot of guys that woe her .
i had to find the courage to leave , because i deserved better .
look for larger built women .
i do n't know but that is not nice .
i forgot to do something .
women are smarter than that , good luck .
some people prefer larger , some prefer smaller and some enjoy both .
what would be a good expensive drink for having a good time ?
do the ring bearers walk before the flower girls do ?
maybe the children can be ring bearers or flower girls when they are older .
i have heard some people play sports on the weekends .
i still love him but i do not show it .
i told her that both of them were foolish .
you should be enjoying it , too !
that is not true of all men , but probably of some of them .
win or lose , it 's how you deal with it that matters .
i do n't believe it actually does stand for anything .
who informed you that men are n't looking for relationships ?
if he loves you , it wo n't matter to him .
women act a certain way .
i was flattered by a younger woman who was emotionally unavailable .
it depends if you are a jerk to them .
i 'm guessing that is what you had in mind ?
so everything you listed is lust .
please take this person down .
please do not give a lady yellow roses .
what is my viego ?
this guy tried to kiss me .
it taste like scotch whiskey and you have to develope a taste for it .
i do not want a girl to be my `` boyfriend '' .
will she come see me ?
maybe she would like some other stuff .
your self esteem can not possibly be that low .
keep yourself together , look them in the eye .
it 's preferable that she have a great personality .
are you a teenager that attends a predominantly black high school .
not unless you consider what was in my mind .
tear the band-aid off , as they say .
and on the other hand s small with oversized does n't seem impressive .
for pregnant woman , it benefits them a ton because it makes it
possibly he wants to cool things down a tad .
he never says i love you first .
if he has a girlfriend then leave him alone .
please call him immediately and let him know what bothers you .
could i have a holiday kiss ?
if i love her , then i do not want anyone else .
we are not complicated , merely beyond you ability to comprehend .
this man is pompous .
you would not want to be considered racist , would you ?
if i love her then i do not want anyone else .
we are not complicated , we are just beyond your knowledge of understanding .
this many only thinks only of himself .
you would not want to be thought of as racist , would you ?
i know what you mean about african-american men .
if you think he is cheating , then he probably is .
remember that you get what you pay for .
you must be an attractive man .
that song will remain in my thoughts all day .
i am talking about that emotional drivel .
it is done as soon as he gets someone pregnant .
you need to stay strong if you really love her .
if you are mature enough , then just ask him .
yes , my thoughts are similar to what fallon chambers said .
that is funny ! yes that would be the case if they smoked marijuana .
do not ever lose hope . they are just hanging around .
people cheat for different reasons ; some love their partner but are recidivistic .
she confronted me and accused me of lying .
that 's nonsense and it seems like she should rid herself of you .
men tend to overlook a lot of good women .
he finally found an exit , as he did not genuinely care about you .
it is not gifts that i talk about .
not if you continue to search under the sofa .
if a man is too big , he can hurt you easily .
if they are mean spirited , they might act terrible .
just because they 're a man , does n't mean they 'll be obsessed .
are they willing to change ?
this is like when you want a woman to be your girlfriend .
you are the only one who can interpret your dreams .
most men will like breasts that are larger .
you can buy him perfume or just ask him what he likes .
there is no problem if they like each other .
insure you are completely bald , no stubble .
if you stay away from dumb and bad women , you 'll be fine .
you do want her to eventually marry , correct ?
it meant , she wants to go to a movie theatre .
double check yourself in the mirror .
i do not have sex with him .
i see that you do love your man .
she has a boyfriend that can support her both financially and sexually .
please , dear love get her some johnson grass .
please never rushed or feel obligated .
it 's fine to separate them both .
i 'm not allowed to have friends , because he does n't trust anyone .
it 's all about self confidence .
i believe i did obey my parents in my youth .
if he 's cheating , he 's not worth much .
that way , you will not be alone in this .
yes , most boys always have sex on their minds .
that is what i want in a man !
you should then try asking him to dinner .
on the other hand , you know your husband well .
you will have to ask many people and you will get many different answers .
i have failed many times after doing this .
so look at what i am currently doing .
i never talked about hers , but she did many times with mine .
sensitive guys have difficulty approaching girls so few of them have girlfriends .
what is there to be worried about ?
perhaps you need to bathe more ?
i miss the way he would hold me and never leave my side .
i love him , but i know i deserve better .
some guys go through with it , others do not .
honey , baby , sweetheart , you are being fooled badly .
remember , i 'm kissing you , not him , enough .
it depends on how you project that to woman .
they 're classic red dresses with mango calla lilies as flower trimmings .
but do n't get ahead of yourself , the brooding thing i mean .
it never hurts just to see if he wants to hang out .
just depends on the guy .
you just begin hanging out and spending time together .
some people are worth giving up everything for , but others are n't .
it seems he is going for a no strings relationship .
where online can you say whatever you like with back lash ?
also known as : having fun with other men .
start exercising ; exes hate to see the ones who they dumped look good .
i mean that you are not the town gossip without reason .
tell that to someone so it does not keep happening !
why are you complaining about her writing ?
the minimum age is 16 for girls and 17 for boys .
white men do n't find me to be attractive .
you should discuss your differences with her .
rent her as it is less costly to your soul .
you could call him in order to learn his circumstances .
why do men like breasts so much ?
you will be getting many replies that ask why men like breasts so much .
these are good questions and good answers so far .
right now all his time has to be spent taking care of his child .
flirt with the male in the room you deem to be the cutest .
you can purchase condoms anywhere
tell her friend , and more than likely she will spread the rumor .
can you please tell me what this is ?
girls often do not know what they want in life .
what exactly is it anyway ?
because females do not often know what they desire .
when you develop the courage to inquire a female .
now we do n't have a ton of time .
because they 're the people who are richer than us .
just rent a female erotic movie !
do n't trust him for a second .
i 'm sorry i could not be more help .
he/she seemed to be interested , but it was hard to tell .
love is worth spending your life pursuing and even dying for .
all he say was `` bye , '' and then he hung up .
i am bewildered by people 's irrationality .
i know these things because i am a woman .
ask your wife and then kill yourself .
yes men are really strange , are we not ?
if you have to ask , then you are not .
what would be wrong with that ? *laughing out loud*
does he truly love you for who you are ?
men are really strange are we not ?
if you have to ask then you are not in love .
what is wrong with that ?
does he truly love you for who you are or not ?
i am not interested in being with anyone else but him/her .
please do not take offense at what i 've said .
a person who cheats will always cheat .
the moral issues should not be a problem .
it is what is on the inside that really counts .
you should try to have him be the house dad and you work .
i prefer blonde to a brunette or redhead .
that is the best thing you can do for him right now .
men and women are both simply people .
it is worth trying because you may enjoy it .
it is important for him to learn from his own mistakes .
kids tend to be aware of their surroundings in suprising ways .
my mother told me not to date a woman with children .
not all men are comfortable with the idea of sex and love being equal .
i make my intentions known , and let him decide .
or is it true , `` once a cheater always a cheater ? ''
although , the website newfriends4u.com is a good start .
just be there for him , and give him your support .
do not waste time with a girl who is obviously playing you .
get her a gift that she would really like .
is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
newfriends4u.com is a great start .
be there for him and give him your support .
do not waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
get a gift for her that she loves in her life .
i am confident you will find someone more worthy of your attention .
you may not , and they may tell you that you do .
if you like , you could also contact me by mail .
that is simply something that men do .
you will not date her .
does he seem controlling if he want to do all of this ?
if it ever happens again leave and do not look back .
it could be a wide varity of things .
you will know when it feels right .
you should try to show her more physical affection .
if she ignores you , most likely she is not worth your time .
i really do no think that i like them .
i do not believe it makes a difference .
you see yourself as intelligent and incapable of mistakes .
the two of you need to have a serious discussion .
anywhere that fits the mood , if you want it then do so .
the woman and ex brother in law were friends in school .
please remember to write it down .
my best friend is a woman .
anywhere that fits the mood , if you want it , do it !
the woman and her ex-brother-in-law were friends growing up in school .
and remember to write it down this time !
my best friend is a girl .
my wife is getting under my skin .
the guy that wrote this really makes you think .
always remember that it takes two to tango .
do not appear unattainable but instead act flawlessly .
circumventing a cheating husband is possible ; i 'm one to know .
i am madly in love with this man , but how do i proceed ?
i 'm unsure as to why women date men who treat them badly .
this month , my wife and i were married after meeting on the internet .
try using pillows under her backside .
they look prettier then girls when they try .
the age difference is what makes the relationshop illegal .
and i am not even one of those overbearing and controlling guys .
because i mostly use yahoo for chat purposes .
i will not go back there again .
i feel that these males act more like boys than like men .
do i deserve to be loved by you ?
there is no difference , you should not believe it .
you should forget about him , he does not love you .
what your lover thinks matters .
it is more probable that she is not attracted to you .
love is not lust , but love definitely causes lust .
i would be more than happy to consistently pray for you .
an important prerequisite is loving god .
if you are male , then you are disgusting .
yes , i do think that is wrong .
i have been in a similar situation .
i think the most attractive girls do not know how ignorant they are .
my advice is to stay with one and enjoy .
so are you also doing that to me ?
personally i would say , i am bald and proud !
it sounds strange if you take it seriously .
now i have a wonderful husband of 13 years .
so you enjoy doing that to me ?
personally , i prefer to say `` bald and proud '' .
it sounds strange if you take it seriously .
even if they are worth it , do not pick someone else .
i have an amazingly nice husband , we have been together thirteen years ,
it 's the only thing you can be certain will happen in your life .
now i feel that we are no longer friends .
girls enjoy a challenge , and it 's the same for guys .
then yes , we are are not going to receive it .
as of now , i fell that we are no longer friends .
then yes we will not get it .
i was observing a man with whom i have a class .
some men do not enjoy being accosted by large numbers of people .
it is a lot of hard work .
no , you can not because the sperm is not strong enough .
if you can , you should as i would have by now .
i am not happy as everything i try to achieve seems impossible to me
you will be aware when you start dancing with them at a party .
does he speak negatively about his ex ?
my boyfriend of three and a half years was unfaithful .
and i do n't require hair and eyebrows .
a girl should like you for being yourself .
that is why they can not profit from it .
does he want to be with me or are these hints to back off ?
walk up to her and say hello and say your name .
you first met him/her then made friends with him/her .
oh , and do not go crazy like anna nicole smith . haha !
i suppose you care about her , do n't you ?
why are you in the middle ?
oh and do not go crazy as anna nicole smith did !
i think you care for her , do you not ?
why are you in the middle ?
i was never able to tell him of my precise feelings .
not only for yourself but for your children as well .
he does not want me to return .
many women now just are after money and want to be wild .
sometimes children want their parents to stay together .
you do not know because you do not see what is wrong with you .
you can flirt with me anytime as i love you .
you do not understand since you do not perceive the manner of your malady .
you may romantically engage with me spontaneously .
until the moment they sense the need to dispose of each other .
i sought his approval and fortunately he answered in the affirmative .
movie tickets and popcorn , drinks for two sound great to me !
does the otehr person climax or stop too soon ?
i asked him if he loved it and fortunately he did .
you will find someone else because you are young , decent and kind .
if she says it 's acceptable , then you need to believe her .
men think about sex to the exclusion of everything else .
both men and women are attracted to unvailable people .
i would like to date a woman from another country , especially america .
that is something that will never change my mind , no mater what .
i think that you should meet new guys .
she said to me last monday she was very sick .
that being said , sexuality is not as ridgid as people think .
( even if only in their own opinion . )
liz provided you with a very good answer .
because the only two are homosexual .
what would you like to do ?
you can tell i am wealthy by the females i attract .
inquire about his life .
consult a doctor regarding in vitro fertilization .
wearing your heart on your sleeve is difficult .
you should have respect for your mother .
you should give him a small kiss on the lips .
i think that this individual is 16 years old or older .
as i explained before , it was not my intention to offend anyone .
i need to have a significant other in my life .
that question alone will not yield the information we seek .
the details do not matter . it 's the thought that counts .
do not try to guess how she feels .
of course , you have to do it correctly .
being mean is often really just a sign of insecurity .
me ? i do not understand .
you can certainly forgive , but never forget .
i have heard dr drew on loveline talk about this topic alot .
i like nice , nerdy girls .
props for what richard said up there .
has he ever lied to you about anything at all ?
he may think that you are just eager to find love .
plant a bug in his bedroom .
i do not know whether he will ever be my guy or not .
do not waste your time on one woman , move on to another one .
hair is what makes a man sexy .
if it really bothers you , talk to him .
you should accept things from others as much as you give to others .
i prefer to do what i enjoy .
over 20 people , is she or was she a professional sex worker ?
is he just trying to make a fool out of me ?
who does n't like physical affection ? the key though is to have trust !
it does n't have to be so deep !
over 20 years old , she is and ever will be a prostitute .
is he just jesting with me ?
who does not long for physical anyway , it is all about trust .
it really does not have to be this deep .
age 12 is much to young , although a 12-year-old might disagree .
i am still in high school .
you should leave before you act in an ill-conceived manner .
my wife is thirty years of age , and i am eight years older .
it depends in part on whether he becomes jealous .
why do you not understand that your mother and father love you ?
if he lost it , he would likely purchase another for you .
she will grow tired of this too .
i must do this now or give up on the situation completely .
you ought to reject him harshly .
if the man merely lusted for you he would feel no pain at all .
because not all of us are like that when we are young .
is this a fancy hotel to have sex in ?
her intentions are not good if she is doing that now .
why is he cruel , or does he not like them ?
if he really loved you , he would not without good reason .
to mbleditor : do you have a fantasy place to have sex ?
her intentions are not good if she is doing that .
or you could get him an item he enjoys , like gourmet coffee .
why is he a jerk , or why does he not like them ?
if he really loved you , he would not love you without good reason .
you might regret leaving what you already have .
i recommend u2 cds .
that means you did n't finish everything you intended to finish with him .
we love each other but we do not match health wise .
you may miss the paradise you left behind .
please try u2 cds , that is what i bought today .
it means that you did not finish what you wanted to with him .
you should forget about that girl and find one better suited for you .
you miss him and still have feelings for him .
more than anything else in life , it is love that keeps it going .
you are already a member so you should sign up for yahoo personal .
it is likely that if you believe she is , then she probably is .
almost everyone knows that girl is bad .
she is still the same girl .
i just think men and women are equals .
just be the most kindest parent to the child .
it may or may not help .
thirteen was too young for me .
just come on and say it .
do not cheapen it with pickup lines , an act , or anything else .
do not worry . someone is loving you , then you love this girl .
you can not remember the date of your own marriage ?
my heart wants to , but my head tells me not to .
i do not think you can . i am sorry .
what reason would require you to call first ?
unless he does not want you to .
sometimes love does not work out .
it depends on how old you may be .
let romance take its course and it does still work !
men hurt because it may be our fault .
it also depends on how old you are .
i like to take him to whatever looks like fun in town .
let romance take its course . it does still work !
it hurts because it 's our fault .
you will know when you are ready .
there is not one answer to this question .
i just do not do it .
you will know when you are ready .
do not let anyone interupt your work duties and you should be fine .
there is not only one answer to the question
so i just avoid doing it .
do you think the rhythm is right for you ?
if it is not a good date then there is no reason to kiss .
you should ask him to marry you and see what happens !
you should trust yourself , demand reciprocity and seek what you desire .
once a person cheats they will cheat again .
try to convince her that you are not intending to cheat her daughter .
discuss it with your doctor .
there is a side of your personality that your boys will never see .
some surprises never seem to work out .
i like when a girl touches me .
it is actually good to do that .
men should grow up to be rugged , strong , men .
because they have not decided yet .
they do not have sexual relations with every man .
you may like her very much but first wish to check her looks .
if he can not let you go , then you must let him go .
they have not made their minds up .
they do not sleep with every man .
i did not get a chance to say goodbye . can anybody help me ?
you are just another random person with some useful advice .
he probably wants to buy you out with his money .
well , i can relate to that .
go all the way , but do not blow your load on one girl .
thank you for the advice you gave me in regards to my vacation question !
you are most definitely not asking for too much .
by december 16th , 2005 , they should be awake .
if you are my student , could you please call me ?
you made a fatal mistake with this one .
could it just be an argument between nations ?
another possibility would be if your mother asked during christmas dinner .
if you are a lesbian .
explain what your concerns are about her getting married to him .
can you cook too ?
this matter will depend on other factors .
i can not relate , but three months have passed .
i feel like more love can be found from other black females .
should i be patient or talk to him first ?
if he hurt you that deeply twice , that is too much .
i just have to ask this , because i have to know .
this a frequently asked question on y ! channel .
they will tell you after the fact .
do not forget to consider your health .
i find a man at work attractive .
refrain from relations with married people .
then you need to go back to giving her the attention she wants .
is it really necessary for you to ask this question ?
sexual relationships are only for married couples .
i do n't know why , but women seem to love ears .
it would be wrong to make us dance because we are not good dancers .
please let him know as soon as possible .
take your time . gentlemen prefer a relaxed pace before eating .
it is hard to maintain a false facade .
every one finds you attractive .
here is an age old male secret .
if you want to know something do n't talk about it just ask .
your children should always be first no matter what age .
let the guy chase the girl .
whenever i feel like showing love , i kiss her .
are they driving you crazy not wanting sex ?
people change girlfriends every week .
good question . now i know what to tell my girlfriend i want .
what else can i do , i feel that i have tried everything !
i hate diseases because i do n't like to see babies suffer .
are you talking about the guys that your previously dated ?
you should always put your feelings first , and his should be second .
it honestly depends on the particular girl .
they could n't wait until they were all grown up .
you are already determined to see the faults and downfalls in people .
that is the kind of thing that gets other good things started .
i feel like this street may only be one way .
may i ask her the details of this proposal ?
you should definitely take her to small claims court .
have you ever tried talking to one to see if there was mutual attraction ?
just say what you mean and stop assuming people get the hint .
this guy could be a fake .
the big question that i have is : do you work as well ?
which are you referring to , a friend or your wife and her feelings ?
other do not see things as you do , so they do n't understand .
what do you speculate her problem to be ?
and honestly , why would n't a man desire a beautiful , young woman ?
i met a girl on the phone , we become very good friends .
afterwards , i purchased a loaf oa bread .
you might find out later , that you lost the perfect one .
nice guys do n't like nice girls .
the same things that not attractive women like .
in my opinion it will happen if it is meant to be .
it is , and it is not a turn off if you have children .
if they are in love and there are no objections then they should .
quickly lead her to the bedroom .
masturbation is acceptable if necessary when remembering .
have casual sex , but do not get committed since you are so young .
attempt asking her what she enjoys .
do you two have a friendship ?
do not waste time thinking of your old one .
then she saw that i did not care , so she went for it .
i just admire the woman 's facial beauty and her good looks .
how do i make it special ?
did you ever give them a chance ?
if you find that guy , you will be happy and it will last .
ensure that you will be able to understand one another .
it may intimidate boys but never men .
my former boyfriend 's sister and i were very close at one point .
yes , it does for my girlfriend .
however , once upon the dance floor , they feel intimidated .
take time to let your feelings develop and become clear .
in order to figure out that feeling , give them a little bit .
i would advise forgiving her , getting your man , and moving on .
what happened to prayer in school ?
you have not found the correct one .
first , your children should be your priority .
what do you enjoy ?
the exact way you have before !
i said i would resign my teaching job also .
it relies on who the guy is .
great question but you did not provide information on your charactor .
i told you that i would quit my teaching job and go as well .
it all depends on the man .
nice question but you did not tell me of your character .
why not just be friends with him and nothing more ?
he does not love you beyond your body .
am i going to get hurt ?
you can start with a punch line .
there 's a generation gap between you two .
why have n't you asked her out ?
when they have sexual relations with each other , they are considered lesbian .
the most important thing is not to give up !
in all reality , that would be like dating your mother .
what if the guy turns out to be a jerk ?
how do i start ?
my brother , we shall go into the breech , once more .
it is like having your cake and eating it , as well .
however , it is not always true .
well , it depends on how much you love her .
i am not able to ask her due to my sheer amount of shyness !
at times i felt as though i was having chest pains !
it is equivalent to why men do not like women to have male friends .
are you asking how to get a boy to like you ?
just wear some clothing that makes you look sexy and turn on the charm .
bring her a red rose , and take her somewhere she likes .
some of them taste better than others .
ask her on a date and take that risk , young man .
i have many men friends that i hang out with as friends only .
dude , take the risk and ask her out .
i have plenty of male friends and we hang out .
i am watching dead fish ollec the fish slayer
i can say beyond any doubt that i am emotionally ready .
i find my boyfriend 's jealousy humorous .
my girlfriend and i have been together five and a half years .
he is not being fully forthcoming with you .
i wish things would change .
i need to get to know someone in order to have feelings for them .
take a deep breath once in awhile .
it looks as though you both are in a difficult position .
you are not my student , but the answer it the same .
i felt the same way before .
it all depends on how the date went .
you now have to equality you desired .
if you need to know , you already do .
go out with friends and talk .
not unless you are together .
this website can make a variety : www.cheap-check.com
it is because they hate being wrong . that is how my boyfriend is .
if she desired you also , then it was wrong .
after many years , you become one with your partner by understanding each other .
so as to not regret anything .
i do not think that six is as common as that .
not if you do not want her to be angry .
support your daughter , no matter her decisions and actions .
do you want to go see if it is friday night ?
i guess it comes down to your definition of love .
i think you should wait to have sex until both of you are ready .
that is what the majority of men think about .
that would surprise me .
when he hurts be there for him .
smell this , d you think it stinks ?
from the looks of your picture , it would not be difficult .
in the meantime just work on bettering yourself and preparing for what you want .
that would surprise me .
when he is in pain , be by his side .
in your opinion , does she smell bad ?
from the appearance of your photograph , it would not be difficult .
in the meantime , work on improving yourself and preparing for what you want .
some guys really dont care .
start seeing other women . that should work for good .
all girls are at least not me . contact me at holagurrl411 @ yahoo.com
or , is that going to make things hurt more ?
he is quite mature , is n't he ?
there is no way to break up with a guy and not hurt him .
make it a bit more universal , like `` no fear '' or something .
a great name for a punk band !
be yourself with a little bit of spreading , being the best in you .
please instant message me with the correct answer .
ask yourself if you really love him .
can you please tell me where they are as i can not find them ?
i like to wear briefs because i like how they fit .
we have three children : a fifteen-year-old and a pair of three-year-old twins .
i do not know what a surrendered wife is .
all people love to talk about themselves—even those who pretend they do not .
you may tell the woman what you would like to tell her .
life is short , enjoy yourself while it lasts .
do the best as a simple man .
do not worry whether or not you have a guy .
sadly , you are the fourth person who has asked this question .
am i just too paranoid ?
guys can never go wrong with a woman if they give her jewelry .
women can not have it both ways .
they would still think about it for a moment before they say no .
you should start with heavy petting , then move on to cunnilingus .
i suppose that is the first step .
i love when a man wears boxer brief underwear .
most women would not ask a man on a date .
you can check the yellow pages for more information
immediately after the date or on the day itself
it 's not in the immediate mi , clare area .
guys dislike it when they feel that others are nagging at them
no , if you really love someone , then monogamy is your only option .
why would you want three girlfriends ?
yes , it is important to discuss that with your physician .
also , please remember that your wife is infallible .
it is like losing a loved one .
send a reply to the email when you can .
let us make a list and disclose everything you want to .
he wants to watch football and have sex at the same time .
you should try to go to parties and places where he may be .
there are many women out there that will be interested in you .
you should do it in a church .
sex is not love , it is just lust .
do you mean what you are telling me ?
the card that i bought says that you complete the dozen .
are two dozen roses too many roses to give to someone ?
did that make you orgasm ?
i do not think it will work if he is really a gentleman .
her fate has already been determined .
because men are disloyal to women and we know hoe that results .
that is an unfortunate sign , my friend .
you should love everybody the same way you love god .
have her send you a picture first , and then send her your picture .
judging by their response , their answer is most likely `` no . ''
this holds especially when most people are not adept at that skill .
what is a major cause of people being disloyal ? boredom with their partner .
no one does unless they are psychic or similar .
i am never embarrassed or ashamed to be with him .
he agrees that i am an affable , close friend to him .
if that is so , tell her that reaching climax will not affect that .
that is how it goes , i guess .
i am free to do as i please .
he sits around a lot playing play station 2 .
at the age of sixteen , i decided i wanted adventure in my life .
make sure she does not read any beauty or celebrity magazines .
does it matter if he is gay ?
you should spend more time in sexually explicit positions .
you can not force someone to harbor affection .
i find the ring that i am wearing to be sufficient .
i greeted c and asked what c was doing .
who is concerned with physical appearance as personality is the meaningful attribute .
could the ones you are attempting to be hoosiers , by chance ?
offer small gifts now and then and tell her jokes .
if you do not already know then you should ask your mother .
that outcome would be perverted , or perhaps reversed .
the result depends on how strongly you beleive in love .
additionally , i 've become aware that she does not often return calls .
please proceed to the directory containing all yahoo members .
mostly we forget that and let the birds run away .
you are practically married , just no paperwork .
she was scared that i would not like it .
single mothers can not leave the home or are too lazy .
most men are interested in younger women .
what do you have to do ?
remember to keep your eyes open and dress well .
most men prefer younger women !
what do you have to do ?
remember to keep a look out and wear something nice .
act as though she does not exist .
they are better than other people , and can get away with it .
my boyfriend and i have been together for 6 years .
it just about drove my husband crazy .
i would agree with nichole 's statement .
they think about how attractive the women appear .
be sure not to take it overly far .
they are both aware and he is always kind however she hates me .
do not change for the purpose of attracting a man .
in that case , you should call her and suggest that you talk .
women , as well as men , are unfaithful .
if it was not true , the two of you would be simply friends .
this is not a site that directs you to sites that sell pornography .
the waterfall was a great experience but that was all we could hear .
we are not going to sit on our butts .
i was joking about the last choice .
some are pleased with the decision ; others not so much .
chivalry is rare now .
if you call him he will want to talk .
what ever needs to be said , say it now .
that would be difficult i believe .
your partner will have total faith in you .
if you get this message please respond when you can .
i never was unfaithful when married .
find out the things she loves and spend time with her .
talk to her beforehand about this .
if you do receive this message could you please respond ?
i never committed adulatory while i was married .
i suggest you speak with her about this beforehand .
you should invite him over for a romantic suprise .
a marriage takes work , but can be very satisfying .
can you give me a call please ?
please let me know if you ever find a perfect man .
do not allow your enemy to discourage you .
i wish i could say honesty , but even that can backfire .
but now , she looks sad everyday .
but that is only for extroverted people .
believe me , you deserve so much better .
she has to want it for herself .
you can chat with me at cold_dark_storm @ yahoo.com
do you remember where you got that nice dress ?
when did you break up , and why were you so jealous ?
do not let them get too close .
i always thought people were sure they wanted marriage when they got engaged .
hello , it is good know you care for the girl .
if you find him attractive , try flirting and see how he reacts .
love is a feeling , but feelings are not love .
maybe he has never thought of you in that way .
in ohio where i live , you do not see much chivalry there either .
if you have something in common , it would be wise to use it .
i am not even sure how he feels about me .
leave your home in pursuit of other interests , as it pleases you .
do you recall who was unfaithful ? they were .
have any of you found love with two sisters simultaneously ?
take care and be prepared for an audio disturbance on your video tape .
i love new getting new clothing .
he want someone to feel sorry for him .
you are the one .
i am blind in one eye .
you will know , because you will get a gut feeling .
he is not interesed in you .
excuse me , kempie . please explain the train analogy
please consider your feelings . do not apply too much thought .
the situation would be far worse if i wasnt familair with the gentleman .
the other user did not answer the question correctly .
i know quite a few beautiful girls who do n't think they 're beautiful .
maybe he has a sister who uses the phone all the time .
it is easier because i am so attractive .
you know you should just do it .
i am only 13 years old . i am not sure .
i will not sleep well if i have any doubt in our relationship .
on the east side of pittsburgh is beto 's pizza , the best pizza !
you do not want everyone in your wedding .
there is so much porn , and you want to pay for it ?
what fancies her , what baby girl likes .
man , there is so much porn out there , must you pay ?
if you ever used this line with a girl , please tell me why .
show her , tell her , and draw her a diagram .
they are the ones who helped you come all the way here .
it matters more than it does for a guy .
she was accidentally bumped into .
he is going to be a young man .
say that you are sorry and ask for forgiveness .
if you are not having sex it is because it is her choice .
sometimes you need to play the game if you want to say ahead .
i do not understand , you are supposed to be wrong ? right ?
i keep expecting her to return .
forget about him and enjoy the love you have .
one avenue to attempt is a yahoo email search .
people like and desire the unattainable .
i purchase some flowers for my wife every few weeks .
i went out with someone and i kissed them on the first date .
i have a crush on a female who is older than me .
it is n't love if you have to question it .
there are still some nice gentlemen left out there !
asking a girl out in a message is rude .
you have to take risks if you want to achieve things .
no , i am not talking about intercourse .
well , you could try asking your wife .
think of things you know he enjoys doing .
why will she not ask me out ?
disease , because innocent people get that too .
and what it does not work its way out ?
i do not mean with war either way .
if you are a woman then it is wonderful to do .
what if you love this person completely ?
what if it does not work out ?
i do not mean with war , either .
if you are a girl , then it is awesome to do .
what if you like this person ?
that situation would be far from ideal , correct ?
women never express displeasure of the fact that i am posession of merely five .
i am non-caucasian , and stand six feet tall at the age of twenty-seven .
try telling her you are in love with her and then follow her reaction .
remember in the long run , is her friendship more important or your crush ?
that would not be good , would you not say ?
i only have five and women never complain about it .
i am twenty-seven years old , six feet tall , and not white .
i would grade their performance 100 % if i could .
smile and tell them 'great ' , it 's a fool proof plan .
relocate to a new city .
i do not want to be divorced or to live separated from my husband .
love is what make intimacy great !
i do not want to get hurt either .
i know there are good people out there , just be careful .
hmm , well , when you get older you will fine out .
what you need to do is learn to trust your man .
i hope you will be caught by asking that question .
i am sure he would love to help !
seven years are enough to understand a lot of things in life .
i hope you are caught asking that important question .
i am sure that he would love to help .
seven years are enough to understand many things in life .
i enjoy hearing information relevant to this .
why would you not attempt to seduce him ?
appears as though you should not be engaged .
however , the new child has been in charge since his arrival .
they say that if you love someone , you should liberate them .
i will simply say i will never forget it .
i hope that she misses you as much as you miss her .
i have experienced that myself .
it is likely the same topics that you discussed during your date .
best of luck to you , and hold your head high .
they even propose marriage to me .
you should not remain if you are not in love .
there is no need to worry . especially if you have never had one .
you should have fun .
some men like to pamper their women .
i do not think it is 'wrong ' at all .
asking girls on dates is not that different .
clearly you like her and know how to tell her your feelings .
is she annoying you wanting intercourse ?
if she has intercourse with many men , she is a slut .
you think your family happiness is yours .
is she driving you crazy wanting sex ?
simply relax , and continue as usual .
also , are you able to manage the way he spends his money ?
do not forget that it is for better or for worse !
i am unsure , but i have a very similar issue .
no , she is your wife . furthermore , she would be aware !
can you deal with the way he spends money ?
remember that it is for better or for worse ?
i do not know bbut i have the same issue .
no , she is your wife and should know that .
i do n't really know , what is your name ?
not all guys enjoy this .
try to tell her that she looks slender .
you should think before you make decisions of the heart .
god created women and men in different unique ways .
would you like to go to a concert with your husband for date night ?
what is the person not telling the truth about ?
it 's possible she just does not reciprocate your feelings . i am sorry .
incidentally , what made him leave you ?
how can you describe a love you have never felt ?
it 's strange . also , he was acting strangely in recent days .
you should get a penpal of the same gender and age .
if you 're still in love , why would you move on ?
no , i would n't go to other girls .
there is no united states law that says they can not .
i would not wait too long to get the family 's seal of approval .
you have the chance of being happy and not getting hurt .
be watchful of other 's actions and how they speak .
do not let anyone tell you otherwise .
move on with your life .
perhaps you need to warm him up first ?
they are in denial that they were caught because of their own stupidity .
i recommend morimotos restaurant in philadelphia .
maybe when you are good natured and attractive they are more drawn to you .
it is so easy to get married to the wrong person .
i married too early also , but at least we did not have children .
you should not allow yourself to be hurt any longer .
i have found that to be true for myself also .
sometimes in life you can not make everyone love you .
before you talk to him , you have to be honest with him .
a lot of males have the same issues in common .
i do not find a rude woman attractive .
i feel that a picky woman can not be pleased .
men are slower than women to pick up on hints .
i enjoy when girls give me eye contact .
what did you like about it there ?
however , that is just my opinion .
be yourself because you will feel more comfortable if you act naturally .
i 've said everything i have to say .
as a general proposition , men desire sex and women desire romance .
personally i am not interested in a woman with children .
she and i then began to date , and eventually were married .
repeat your exact question to her .
if you want to talk , let me know !
by the way , he is very stubborn .
the one i know is loyal , and i can count on them .
i have never thought of you like that .
this guy just causes conflict . why bother dealing with him ?
are the two of you skilled at resolving disagreements ?
how is that your dog rolls over at your command ?
why can you not ask her out on a date ?
you must regardless of how difficult it may seem .
i would like to know your answer , do you have anything to add ?
how did you train your dog to roll over ?
why could you not ask her out ?
but you should , regardless of how difficult it may seem .
maybe zombies devoured her .
you should wait if you are able to .
ask her to become active and clean the house .
i recommend that you pursue the same course of action .
they act as if you are a serious inconvenience to them .
i am not quite feeling like myself today .
touch her face softly with the back of your hand .
be yourself and talk to her , then , ask her out .
girls love a guy with confidence .
if she is looking around the room instead of you ...
i think you are a rainbow warrior .
i would like to see aishwraya rai 's toes .
it would be considered cheating only if someone is upset .
i would like to give you a tip .
then he has to notice you .
tell him to sit at home and you get a job !
i want to be happy with my life and not miserable everyday .
they like it when you treat them badly .
my wife and i had success with that method .
i advise you to have a shower before speaking with her .
may you receive very good luck .
i suggest you approach him when you return to school .
that is how it worked for my wife and me .
take a shower and wash yourself , then speak to her .
good luck to you today .
go speak to him when you get back to school .
the flask item number is # wak3060p and the knife number is # zbk1752p .
one reason for me is that it really turns guys on .
it is one way of being honest to him , no matter what .
you could let him treat you like the queen he thinks you are .
i am only at the beginning .
i hope that you have a good attorney on retainer .
it is possible he feels lonely .
alternatively , a lesbian being attracted to a man ?
you asked this question late , did n't you ?
you should have a wedding if you believe you need one .
why are you being confrontational with me about my attitude ?
tell her that your father-in-law will protect her .
an apology is a nice idea when you start an altercation .
i think it is healthy to have love in your life .
i do not know why i prefer blonde hair .
hi , there is a woman at my academy that i find attractive .
why are you uncomfortable talking about sex ?
he may not be that type of man .
tell your mother in law that she is safer at her home .
yes , but only on her breasts ,
why do girls dress like boys ?
i bought mine for $ 5,000 ten years ago .
i do not think you should kiss , at all .
tell your friend to muster his courage and ask her .
do n't hesitate . enter and leave .
honest men love women . men who deceive women adore them .
were you inebriated on your wedding day ?
actually , they were jealous of my mother and i .
i recently had the same experience .
believe me , all men are not the same .
then you will understand the value of life .
i will be happy to help your wife have more sex .
yes , you can most definitely get pregnant .
that seems like the sort of behavior to expect from a guy .
she will most likely be flattered that she is the only one you want .
i am going to be evicted again .
the situation probably has nothing to do with you .
what about five , ten , twenty , or thirty ?
how about visiting a foreign country ?
do not be concerned about whether the cats will be fed .
i am sorry that i can not be of greater assistance to you .
if you tell me your age , i might be able to assist you .
this is your test question and my response .
he simply wants you to be content .
he is a classmate and also a good friend of mine .
he was laid off from work just before we relocated here .
i am in my freshman year of school and already in love .
he gave me a hug at the end of the school year .
look into his eyes and ask if he has been faithful .
do you think he considered your feelings when he was cheating ?
it depends on how attractive your body is .
i am speaking as a person who has cheated .
you will know the answer when the time is right .
what you want to do is okay , but try to avoid overdoing it .
i do n't think about it .
am i happy when we are together ?
speak in a clear way , after all , he is your father .
he said the same thing as her .
i never send christmas cards out .
you should be pleasing her if she is pleasing you .
are you able to let some things go ?
i have to agree with them , just tell him .
you 're thinking too much about marriage .
i like anything that will make me laught all night .
i was older when i had my first kiss with my first real boyfriend .
it 's the small things that show us what you are thinking .
we talk at night because i work abroad and take care of the kids .
lick her body , starting with her hair until you reach her toes .
try burning a compact disc with his favorite band .
will you ever get drunk with them again ?
i am curious , could i be in love ?
a lot of women are the same regard .
i can not figure it out but , seeing her terrifies me .
may i look into your eyes ?
how do i know when i am in love ?
i find myself attracted to females and i want to date them .
a lot of females are the same personality wise .
i do n't know why , although seeing her in person scares me .
when he talks to you , does he look at you ?
people get married while mentally preparing for divorce .
no , it just does not happen as often .
the most difficult task can be to let go of the situation .
you have to encourage social situations for him to take part .
do both of them consider it to be acceptable ?
also , i just put a mint into my mouth .
i can provide you with more reasons .
as i have said before , this is a difficult question to answer .
you need to tell your wife before she finds out from someone else .
such as that it may or may not help them .
a young female named moonlight who i see , but am not aquainted with .
when a girl is having fun , it makes her seem even more attractive .
no , sir , not wrong at all .
should i wait or should i go ( as wham says ) ?
do many women say that they want a real man ?
ask more girls , until one calls you back .
and , should i get her a gift ?
is there a reason you are not interested in him ?
sex is better between two people that are well suited for each other .
i have experienced the same thing three times .
in my opinion , you only have one true love in your lifetime .
by doing that you harmed your own self . that must have hurt .
do you have a job ? that would help clarify the question .
you are only as different as you think you are .
you should trust your feelings to know when it is time .
do you know a way to get out of the situation ?
men think a woman is lazy if she only wants to be a mother .
you should do the one thing that many do not .
i am wondering , how old are you ?
the wwii singer is from the jersey isle in britain .
never assume that you will end up with hurt feelings .
many men are looking to find trophy wives .
online relationships should remain online .
i would like to be the first to congratulate you if you are successful .
money and sex are very important to men .
try to find a man that is serious about his studies .
people in relationships should be able to maintain friendships .
i do not have the same experiences a married person has .
do not answer . continue what you are doing with a smirk .
irregardless , there is no excuse for cheating on your wife .
take a moment and then tell me what you think .
congratulations , you should keep all of them .
would it be wrong for a woman to date her ex-husbands brother ?
have fun and do it . no strings attached .
what about a man who is responsible ?
i could share with you what helped me .
children are the ones who suffer most .
( truthfully , i am not that fond of roses . )
honestly , you were the one who left him first , were n't you ?
if you desire to then , undoubtedly , yes
firstly , you ought to become familiar with her and become her friend .
the magic 8 ball suggests that you ask again later .
why do women think that men want to control them ?
because your partner has faith that you are not deceiving him .
if i do not marry her , she will leave me .
some people just prefer things to be that way .
these days gift cards make the best present for anyone .
you should just do what you are most comfortable with .
a good woman would not do that .
if i ask a man out , then i always pay for the date .
how can you love him if you rarely ever talk to him ?
is it really worth it to unfaithful to your wife ?
consider this . you are saving the best for last !
have fun and do not be afraid to discuss and even try new things .
i did one time simply for amusement .
it does not indicate that you do or do not merely because you asked .
if you love him and you are able to speak with him about anything .
does n't the other aggressor deserve a chance ?
yes , because parents like to screw peop
it 's too difficult to wait until we are married .
hello ! how are you ?
ninety people a day in just one service is quite impressive !
i assure you , you can not give up looking .
we could have something together , only if you are 18 years old .
i send you my deepest condolences .
how do you ask a boy out on a date ?
if they are truly yours , they will return .
a guy feels cornered when a girl chases him .
it depends , how old are the two of you ?
actions speak louder than words .
you should not trust him again as cheating is disgusting !
i asked her and she gave me more detailed information .
is there a possibility that the two of you may consummate your relationship ?
it behooves you to give her everything she asks for and more .
my apologies for making you feel uncomfortable . may we continue on ?
you will not know , until you actually try .
oh thank you wonderful ladies for the kind compliments !
ifnyou are a 30 year old guy , then leave the kids alone ! !
sometimes women expect to receive things you could n't deliver . that happens sometimes .
it sounds as though you are in love .
you have nothing to lose .
mtv influences girls as well , but that is their problem .
then he will ask you why you are doing this .
some things are not meant to be .
can you find their phone number in the phone book ?
if it is possible or worth trying is up to you .
you will never know if he likes you unless you ask .
it is as easy as reading your letter .
give him a smile or do something which makes her laugh at you .
i am sure another girl would appreciate you better .
something just clicked between us , and i felt like i was in heaven !
is it that hard to find a nice girl that likes you ?
marriage is more about giving and not taking .
is love truly in the air today ?
get rid of the cheating boyfriend and move on .
the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
i believe it is , wow !
i would kick their bums .
is love in the air ?
dump the cheater and move on .
the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
i believe she is a woman .
i would kick both their asses .
think of your children first . they do not need abuse at home .
i love cat 's answer , it is perfect .
please think of your children , no child deserves to abused .
it 's perfect because i actually like cats .
some do n't even know about everyone .
move on friend , there are plenty of fish in the sea .
no one tends to forget the date of a wedding .
no , i always tend to hate my sex life .
even though it was difficult i quit , but i do not regret it !
regarding girls with blonde hair : they are beautiful and stupid .
if you are unfaithful , are caught , and get a divorce ?
visit the website and search for `` cesium chloride and oxygen drops '' .
oriental restaurants and karaoke bars are both options .
if i wanted a femme man i would simply date a lesbian .
if you like him , you should act .
he has a question for you .
do a search for that on yahoo and read the articles you find .
do not end the relationship , but instead let her end it .
yoda would say to use the force .
how would we snap out of it ?
her name is fur immer liebe samsonellen .
please tell me how you forgot to look for the information on the license .
get her to eventually ask him to her place .
see if he finally gets the message .
investigate if he finally understood your actions .
now things have been made a mess of .
please add a reputable pick up artist online resource .
how much have you dated in the past ?
i 'd be interested in speaking more if that is okay ?
that would apply to an 18-year-old dating a 17-year-old .
they can not really wake up until they do something really out of hand .
is that wrong of her , or not ?
if you really want it make sure
peep her out and relax
go out find a good girl one that want poop on you
you need to be sincere and just get over it
the item is non-existant .
azo pills will make your urine orange .
it is good to see you are up to date , david .
from what i remember , i believe it was the second and the third .
do you love him for the person inside of him ?
go to switchboard.com and put in the address there .
it is worth looking for but is hard to find .
no more than twelve and no less than five .
go to switchboard.com and type in their address .
it 's worth looking into it if it
if you can get over that , then you are straight .
let me know if it works .
did you tell him ? you were really serious then .
it is because you want to get back together with him .
if you can get over that , you are strong .
please let me know if it works well .
are you really serious ?
you could just email the money through paypal . would you like my address ?
if you do not like it , just move on to the next category .
it depends on who it is and how the date went .
love seems more sweet in the beginning of a relationship .
i feel that this situation is not good at all .
look around and you should be able to find what you are looking for .
what do you suggest i do for her ?
take things day by day , as love may frighten him .
keep dating until you find the right person for you .
do not ruin a good friendship .
this will be an investment for your future .
you just think of all the ups and downs of the situation .
if someone says koigokoro temae , that is chinese for i love you .
make sure you think about all the positives and negatives .
part of caring about someone is showing your love for them .
he manipulating you to make you feel that you are indebted to him .
you should simply enjoy living your life and love others .
the situation is not ideal .
if you are attracted to a person , then why not ?
shart checking out the other guys and let him know how it feels .
you shoudl not have had an affair . the damage is already done .
if the relationship is only sexual you should be sure to use protection .
some people know the possibility of divorce even when they are getting married .
you should not let him know that you are thinking about leaving him .
you should first make sure that she is available .
i think women see things differently than we men do .
that would be britney spears behind , or carmen electra 's mouth .
i would have instantly said yes if i 'd had the choice .
i am acquainted with a man who met his wife in the same manner .
i have been unfaithful and had others be unfaithful to me .
direct your attention to this statement that men expel and women retain .
they could possibly be sexual addicts .
it impresses me when a man does not try to hard .
honestly , it is not a big deal .
if there is hate around , it is easily noticeable .
i asked you how many drinks ?
as for me , it is a feeling i can never put into words .
it depends on if he really cares for you or not .
do you have a good figure or are you extremley beautiful
cool chick with hot ass is what i like
if you find a good girl you wont want to marry some one else
my feelings are you are more lonely than in love
if he gave you something what would happen
i would like to be with the brunette .
i would say no since you even asked that question .
that is because they are simply bored , with nothing better to do .
if he stalks you , call the police .
many women and men prefer an uncut guy .
you have to enter his full name .
why would you want to see her toes ?
i think you should be forward and ask him .
this is the first time that i have heard of this .
you have no legal recourse .
everyone has an unconventional side .
i believe the majority of women are high maintenance and difficult to deal with .
please stop pestering him and give him a beer to drink .
you may want to pay attention to her .
good luck finding the right answer for it !
they are insecure men and can not handle a real woman .
just look to her eyes .
good luck in finding the right answer !
they are insecure dweebs who can not handle a real woman .
just look into her eyes : )
it is in the people search section .
yes it indeed does , to a certain extent .
is she or the man you are infatuated with more important to you ?
i only speak of this from experience !
if you trust him , meet his family and hope for the best .
you missed him or her when he or she was gone .
gentlemen are sometimes too attainable .
you should be unfaithful while she is being unfaithful .
he is trying to find an opportunity to be unfaithful .
i do not think that it is wrong .
i did not realize i am so sick .
you should show her what a nice and caring guy you are .
i like to french kiss and make out .
the answer is no , there is no chance with him .
they have kept a friendship since her divorce .
did you try to turn around ?
give your friend the space to follow their own desires .
i would suggest you ask them . i have not heard anything .
what is she is realy mean or crazy ?
go to the arcade , go cart riding , bowling , or play pool .
anywhere , i prefer somewhere nice .
you will always come back to him .
or , you could just talk to him .
if she likes you she will uunderstand .
i need one for a guy i like .
the whole saying about guys mature a few years .
so flirt with one of them and you will be in love .
a gravitational force which pulls you .
girls never go for sensitive guys .
i would not exhibit that behavior in front of all individuals .
after celebrating christmas for five years , my husband gifted me a leather jacket .
if you still have trouble , file a complaint and reverse to them .
i would not do that to just anyone .
my husband received a leather jacket for our fifth christmas .
just have an affair with a married man .
why are you looking for free ? do you have some money problem ?
i just will not waste my time .
why are you looking for free things , are you having money issues ?
ask him what she means to him or will it happen again .
if you meeet her at home she may need a vase .
i will not waste my time .
you could just stay back and see how she handles it .
he is definitley a lowlife who sucks .
does the penis size really matter ?
actually i know more women them men sexually .
most of the guys that like big girls are really skinny .
you can ignore the ones who said `` alcohol . ''
they only want one thing and it is not the responsibility of a family .
it would best if you avoided places he frequents .
it is a pleasure to answer these questions !
are you certain that you love him for who he is at this time ?
it 's the same as some women do , while some women do not .
as i stated , allowing time would be the best advice .
he will not care .
you have my confidence , i wish you much luck .
how do i do this ?
i am a woman , and i am not a woman .
men are men and they tend to jump from one topic to another .
i wish you the best of luck , i am confident in you .
watch over the whole situation carefully .
i wonder how will i take care of this situation ?
i am a girl , and personally i am not .
guys usually just switch from one topic to another fairly fast .
i had sex on the internet with a random guy .
also remember flowers . flowers are a must .
i was really scared of one guy who was creepy .
it is just having fun and pleasing one another .
first off , ask him if he is .
you will just know if you like someone .
i like redheads with a fine , sexy body .
just remember , a life-long commitment is just as it implies .
just remember a life long commitment is just that , life long .
can you head it off at that pass or not ?
give her a link like a blog site yahoo 360 or myspaces .
wake up and smell the coffee .
go out with friends , not necessarily males but females .
you could always point out people you see kissing .
family in general division . no thank you .
follow along with whatever the best you have had would think .
in addition , he did not push for sex .
i would say `` good , keep looking . ''
how can i get her to love me ?
just do not go overboard with it .
if he likes older women , he probably likes mature women .
please be sure to listen with your ears .
whether or not they are attractive or not .
if he is jealous , he may not trust you and neither would i .
i began to date at the age of 14 .
actually , my girlfriend does it on occasion .
when did i cease to do that ?
men hunt while women care for a nest .
my friends and family give me a hard time about the same issue .
please let me know once you find out .
let them know that you like them .
what personality attributes do you ladies look for in a man ?
** the first half of this sentence this is not in english !
spend time with friends or alone , but not cheating .
sorry to say it , but you still act like a child .
on that day , did he at least spend time with you ?
it is the the same reason that men do .
that may introduce many more problems .
excuse me , i find you very attractive .
i have surgically altered neither my breasts or my eyes .
the fact that i want her back is not going away .
i agree but only if he invites you to go along with the friends .
soldier , is she in love with you ?
i witnessed it myself .
most people these days look only at the physical stuff .
women can be as equally as guilty as men .
that way , she can get whatever she wants .
look for signs that she likes you .
only they are marture enough , though .
smile , peck him , and give him a big hug .
get a big piece of paper and write ' i love you . ''
perhaps you both could have a very strong relationship .
do not bother another woman 's partner .
goodness , i became very tired writing that last sentence .
you can have one without the other one .
she is eighteen years old and big and girly .
if they are the one , you will know it .
it is not the end of the world if it goes wrong .
ok then ; do you have a job ?
knowing you , i think you can devote yourself to one person .
i heard raz b say that to sister to sister magazine .
i am so confused , please answer my questions .
do not be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
i heard raz b said that to `` sister to sister '' magazine .
i am very confused . please help me resolve this .
do not be frightened , you may be invited and enjoy yourself .
i can confirm that it does work from personal experience .
personally speaking , i enjoy art .
durex is a condom that will not break , regardless of its use .
i recommend always jewelry , although chance by channel is also good .
as a last resort , you could try a more risque christmas gift .
you may kiss him .
you need to get over this issue .
the basis for a strong friendship between men is mutual trust
if you book a cruise late , you can often find cheap rates .
truly , give it to the salvation army
if he does n't relish it , simply ask him to end it .
no , i believe that was grape vine talk and not an actual fact .
at the moment i feel deeply from the first glance
as a rule , it is better to proceed forward than to reverse .
am i mistaken , or do you receive a a great deal of that ?
what do ladies prefer in a gentleman 's physique ?
i am anticipating the statement .
please wait until you have fully prepared yourself if you are not currently prepared .
please be polite , currently lots of people forget to be polite .
but loving with eyes shut .
this is because men make this sort of decision without fully thinking it through .
true love is not painful or harmful to the people in the relationship .
there are also significant cultural and religious differences involved .
why did god set my mind when i can not get him .
well , it depends , especially for me .
i say this because once you cheat , you can not stop .
the more she treats me like poop , the better .
i like a girl that 's in two of my classes .
he wanted to use it to kill her .
i do n't care if you kissed her .
we played that game as kids .
always trust your gut feeling .
i like this girl i only have two classes with her .
he told me he tried to kill her with that .
who cares if you kissed someone ?
when we were kids we played that game .
your gut feeling is usually correct .
that does not apply to all guys , but most of them .
i think you must give more time for your relationship .
i think either is fine with me ; but i prefer bad guys .
in my opinion you are taking a chance either way .
if he says `` yes '' , then you know it is over .
after how many hours would you say sex is too long ?
would you consider yourself a homosexual ?
be very genuine with the recommendation given to you .
if she does not break up with him ...
you just do not know about it .
some men are sexier without hair .
when he gets along with his girlfriend .
you ought to ask a friend to do it .
no , men just think that this is how women answer questions .
try to know details about her .
if love is respectful and mutual , it is a beautiful thing .
you are fifteen and that is too old for spanking in my opinion .
they want to impress them .
do not give her too much space , or it will turn up bad .
do you have any details about her ?
it 's a wonderful thing , provided it is respectful and mutual .
i think 15 is a bit too old for spanking .
because they think it 's impressive .
since he responded by saying no , he lacks instincts of women .
there is a saying- `` you never forget your first love . ''
we did not succeed .
therefore i said that we should just remain friends .
did she give you something ?
explain to me men 's reasons for doing that .
it would seem that men get found out more often .
however , it is a unique thought .
did she give you anything ?
tell me why men do that ?
i guess men just get caught doing that more .
it is a unique thought .
calla lillies are so beautiful and come in many colors .
porn is a creative activity- writing , picture , films , etc .
we are just waiting for the catch .
i have the same problem !
he has been a disrespectful bastard that likes to get smacked in the face .
i feel you need to move on and still remember your kid .
you should not have premarital sex if it is against your religious beliefs .
yes . make it a coupon for oral sex , or something similar .
love happens sometimes when you were n't thinking about it .
preferably someone who is not afraid to show emotion .
i am not that kind of guy and i think that guys are cowards .
you are too young to date or be in love .
they might be feeling the same way and want more as well .
i hope you find the right one .
how does this make you feel ?
it had been 37 years now and well , whatever .
it seems hard if she fell in love .
it is wrong to cheat .
there are two ways of cheating in modern day .
try to get a girl then take her picture .
if you want extravagant , then it will cost $ 20,000 .
i believe that all males only need physical love .
should i consider getting married in another location ?
the probability of cheating increases if the person owns a cellular telephone .
that would depend on how tight it is .
what amount you spend depends on other things .
now everyone is happy except him .
i would say , is it in yet ?
would you not have what is considered grounds for a divorce ?
is it that you want to be the female version of 'the one ? '
just do not get them mad by getting them drunk .
is there a heart to listen to or is it just teenage puppy love .
my former girlfriend and her sister are very beautiful women .
if his behavior does not change , i recommend that you call the police .
it takes two people to love .
be careful not to be caught by security .
ask him to choose between you and her .
i think he likes me because he flirts with me and holds my hand .
in the end both of you will be happy .
do you want your family and friends to attend ?
do n't fear the unknown . give it your best shot !
not only is he poor but he also displays a bad attitude in life .
in addition , you married him , and you were the one who proposed .
if you love her , then i would advise you go for it .
you need to stop and really think about if you truly love him .
if that is not an option , there are other sources available .
it relys on what he is lieing about .
let her know that you think about her .
it is a small gesture but it means a lot !
what are some things i can do to get revenge against her ?
love is just something that everyone does . we get stuck falling in love .
first of all , do not marry him .
they do not need an extra reason to kiss , haha ! happy holidays !
she did not cherish your love as you cherished hers .
is it to make love with somebody ?
they prefer them with back hair instead .
your girlfriend has not accepted no .
maybe he thinks you can get back together one day .
your girlfriend did not accept it .
maybe he think that the two of you can get back together .
it probably is for you if religion is very important to one of you .
that does not seem to be advantageous if you plan to have children .
listing them all would result in a very long list .
sometimes that is not always the case . and you are the best judge .
dear katherine , please be careful when dealing with this person .
i think men and women cheat for various reasons .
if you are not married and really mean it , why not say it ?
your questions do not make any sence .
do exactly what your heart is telling you .
if you did not have intercourse with him
be brave and talk to her .
men do not care about birthdays in the same way women do .
guys rarely take girls back ; but girls seem to take guys back .
make me feel happy and free !
i do nto think you ever stopped loving your ex .
it is kind of like a caveman gene .
i have that problem but i try . it helps some .
this does nothing but tempt fate .
i call her my meali ' i and she calls me her po'okela .
ask yourself : did he have the money ?
and if it does not , then be satisfied with being happy .
if you like more thing about them , then go for it .
that is cold , not giving you something for your birthday .
i will create one and give it up .
and just like that , you will have your love back .
if it works out , great ; it not , no loss .
is that because they 're friends and family ?
that depends on what you look like .
most people at my school know i am gay .
did it work , even for just a laugh ? why ?
i think he finished elementary school with f 's in every class !
i feel as though i should do something .
a lot of things to think about if you are looking for life !
it is illegal ; the 20 year-old should be put away .
you should try it with the lights on !
conversations among men rarely contain lies .
a majority of men become timid around women .
they are someone that i never connected with .
you deserve someone who sees the potential in you .
show and do not tell her that you can fulfill her needs and wants .
do not grab her arm or step on her to be rejected .
while standing in front , on the phone with her , of course .
it would make the illegal into something legal .
continue to love and be loved !
how should i approach an attractive woman to ask her out ?
due to my divorce , i suffered financially . she did not care .
they say it is a mans ego but a woman is a hoe .
they call only once a week ?
i might go to the beach , do something interesting and creative .
again , i can assure you that this tactic will be successful .
do n't allow anyone to continually withhold information from you until convenient times .
though he was honest , it still sucks .
just be careful because a lot of guys are users .
i do not knowm but you are the one in love , right ?
i broke up with this girl and then it broke my heart .
we will kill them with kindness has always had a funny sound to it .
attempt to listen before speaking , you may miss out on something important .
i am attracted to someone who shares my dreams .
it is sometimes possible for kids to be born abnormal .
good luck on your search .
i doubt einstein knows the answer to that question .
of course , men like women asking them out .
thus it would probably be better to do that in his bed .
people are crazy and mean these days .
however , i do enjoy it more when i am with a big guy .
to give a hideous person their first kiss .
if you want to achieve intercourse use your hand .
a nice , cold six pack , and a stellar game on television .
in the end you will all get burned if you do not .
you jsut have to wait on her , she is out there .
is that not great news ?
it is like asking why women do not find bald men attractive .
you put the penis in the vagina and thrust .
try out a country bar . there are many of them in that area .
does it matter in today 's world ?
so , she asked for the moon .
that is true , but it does not last long .
it would not be as special if you did not write it yourself .
you are looking at it in that way .
it is not easy to move on .
it means he is still alive and a man that loves women .
get her something sexy she can use with her husband .
do you even have to ask ?
most people love to have christmas gifts .
it is not that easy to move on .
it means that is heterosexual , and alive .
get her something that she can use with her husband .
why do you even have to ask that question ?
i think most people like receiving a christmas gift .
i believe in love at first sight , but some are just mere infatuation .
forget it and save yourself the embarassment ,
he just expressed his love and has every right to . what happenned ?
if you are nice i will acquiesce .
i examined the circumstances and wisely decided to leave .
that is not your husband is it ?
if she gets angry she was n't that good of a friend .
repeat that after the third one .
male or females applicant accepted .
do you think this feeling is love at first sight ?
if you were kissing someone else , your heart cheated well before now .
i am in total agreement with the answer above .
or whatever makes you happy .
wow , that was quite an error !
this man is not worth your time .
if you complete it online you are only receiving a small amount of help .
i found that my boyfriend 's long eyelashes are highly attractive .
you should just stay away from each other .
you are still a virgin until you have actual intercourse .
you may just be spoiled and need more discipline .
i would worry that they were not sane or may stalk you .
women matter too . have her tell you what specifically is bothering her .
tessa , you said what i was thinking .
in some cases bigger items are better .
i tell you i love you when it is true .
i recommend you see the movie walk in the cloud .
now , do i attempt to fight it ?
do n't tell her your feelings , show them !
i believe that star wars is an over-rated movie .
in all reality i feel that love hurts .
hat is important to me is that you act like it does not matter .
i agree it is best to wait until you have married .
respect others if you want to be respected .
if you wish to call then do so .
with the words coming from your mouth .
i do not know what i will do as well .
i know its hard to forget about someone although others will say to .
thinking about someone else is considered cheating .
what is your name ? i am nancy .
it is important to make him feel good about himself .
use people- talk openers , such as `` do you know steve ? ''
you said i was a loser .
talking about cars , cell phones , buddies are all negatives .
show how important he thinks everything is .
you should tell him that we should not be doing this .
i would not go down on a girl with smelly genitals .
find a distraction except for substance abuse .
yes , unless you are related to them or they have a girlfriend .
do not attempt it as he will not be deceived .
as clarification of your situation , you did not merely leave and return pregnant ?
resign from the situation as you deserve more quality as a woman .
it 's my preferred gift , although it costs less than thirty dollars .
send me a message , dear . my email is coolnishith2000 @ yahoo.com .
god bless you . i will pray for you .
it 's in his best interests to be dumped by you .
i see no problem with this , but how should i reason with them ?
do your homework and get over it !
for some people , it feels like falling .
love simply flys away when hunger knocks .
take him out for pizza or play some sports .
are you looking for a woman to date ?
i guess to put it just one work , it would be 'kind ' .
no , the air is coming out of it too fast .
a girl you know can be thought of as attractive .
we are not best friends , regardless
go to a gym . they are working out and it is coed .
i just realized you said how that is good .
then no one else will appear in your dream .
you need to find a guy who cares about women genuinelly .
it works , try it out . it is called my top 5 .
i can see the beach everytime i look into my girlfriends eyes .
she left me high and dry .
are you willing to fight untill the end ?
you are not cheating . you are just outsourcing your orgasms .
you probably can not do it without offending him .
remember , actions speak louder than words .
sometimes i like to be alone .
it was an improvement in comparison to a man .
this year is the first christmas i have had the company of a man .
i have the impression he only intends to have a sexual encounter with you .
relax ! you can not force someone to love you .
i was home alone with my former girlfriend .
i believe my father will ultimately see your point of view .
when the time is right it will feel like you got hit .
my mother asks for a list every year so we get something we want .
she will come to you , if you stop looking so hard .
it makes you feel as though you do not matter .
do you not think we love our parents and grand parents ?
you had a very bad nightmare ; just forget about it .
that would be fine as long as it is not a daily occurence .
playing games makes women appear in a negative light .
of course , that 's about the time i started feeling affection for people .
if you enjoy empty parking lots , then stick with them .
i hope my advice proves useful .
i am unaware if he has survived .
i understand you have learned to kiss in the french style .
i beleive it is safe .
invite her to your home and watch a pornographic movie together .
just like women , men are individuals .
hello , i would like to develop a friendship with you .
i am sorry that man was so mean , no woman deserves that .
you should try dooney and bourke , they have nice bags in that range .
i do not care what others say , someone will lose a trailer .
tell the person why it is over .
ask yourself , what love is .
i would explain to the man or the woman that the realationship is over .
i think you need to ask yourself what love is to you .
if he is not that sort of person , you should leave the relationshiop .
third party applications are not required .
are you hurt physically ?
how do you get back at an unfaithful person ?
actually i think indiana , iowa and illinois do gay marriages .
the man and i broke up but hiis friend asked me out afterwards .
that alone makes me not want his disgusting rear end .
did you get physically hurt ? or did something else happen ?
how do you take revenge on a cheater ?
the guy and i broke up , his friend asked me out afterwards .
that depends on the person with whom you are doing it .
of course , a sense of humor helps—as do chocolate and wine .
let us not forget that they are young men , so they want sex .
things can change any moment for the good .
love is what you make of it .
you try to forget everything good , and remember everything bad .
i do not know , and i have had sex before !
total how much you have to work with .
if you live in alabama , it is funny .
he gets nervous around you and says stupid things .
i suppose he is a duck hunter , buy her some waders .
be rid of him and do not give it away .
you are aware that he is a married man .
perhaps it is like you are kissing their ?
i am aware that she has been with him as of late .
you have got it all wrong !
when you feel hurt that means you care for the person .
some people like to do it , and some do not .
no , i would not .
no , unless you want to break the law .
some people like it and others do not .
he is dead , either way he is gone .
no i am one and i would not do so .
you should feel accomplished .
kaely thinks that you have peculiar interests .
yes , i request inappropriate things frequently .
it may work again since it worked previously .
it is like any other group of people . compatibility is not always easy .
my work here is done .
then you should get on with your life .
just tell it to him directly .
sometimes girls like you more when you test them .
if you find out that he likes men , you should confront him .
sometimes we have to go through many tests before we find the right person .
i think that you should keep trying .
the woman at home must not be good to him anymore .
little hugs and kisses , touching , things like that .
why do you need a free girlfriend ?
most women want to that they are wanted and sexy .
share your thoughts with her directly .
is that what you are inquiring about ?
i apologize . i thought you were a homosexual .
a woman of plain appearance who is thoughtful and charitable .
my former partner cheated on me and frequently lied , among other things .
you must keep looking .
hello , my name is kong . some people call me king .
remember , there are plenty more fish in the sea .
if you do not mean it , then you should not say it .
it appears all has return to normal .
is it that you just do n't care for him any longer ?
i think that you should talk to him about it .
i did once , many years ago .
a gift will be a big mistake .
you will need to choose between the two .
you will never know if you do not ask .
if you really love him , you would know size does not matter .
do not worry he will come to you .
i believe some do and some do not .
how do you know he would not do the same to you ?
if it does not make you happy why do it ?
his physical size should not matter if you really do love him .
he will appear soon , do n't worry .
you have the same chance of doing something or not doing something .
may i ask why you are doing this because you are n't very happy ?
i know how to keep my apartment neat , do laundry , etc .
think of something that he always bugs you about when you are around .
beyond that , it is nobodys business .
they always think the grass is greener on the other side .
in what ways can you give a guy pleasure ?
would you honor me by marrying me ?
you are capable of following through with whichever option you choose to take .
i suggest that you simply be honest about your incompatibility and leave the relationship .
are you referring to emails and similar communications ?
in addition , the touching things have really improved .
the key is to add some allure ; sex , sex , sex !
life never quite turns out the way people envision it to .
the love they deserve to have .
gentlemen must tell many falsehoods when speaking to ladies .
one should only marry their life partner .
what is his favorite television series on dvd ?
you could try , without getting turned down painfully .
what does this have to do with singles and dating ?
go and buy her a k & n filter charger for her car .
it could be possible that it does n't mean you are a loser .
it is always easier to find items when you stop searching .
i believe it is ignorant to find people here- we were told not to .
nice guys are seen in a brotherly way rather than romantically .
be honest , and try your best attempt .
the choice is yours what happens next .
it would likely bother me if he did not do so .
of course you can love a person , even if you are unmarried .
so be honest with people and try your luck .
seriously , if you do not want her , do not ask her .
the rest is up to you .
it would probably bother me if he did not .
you can love a person even if you are not married .
i need to argue that point .
hopefully you are not too old , or else there will be an issue .
first , you have to work harder .
demonstrate that you made an effort to make it special .
you should not have any difficulties since they are easy to identify .
you simply must wait for her .
if you are a starving artist , do not spend 300 dollars .
true and honest love always wins .
i want a man with confidence !
keep looking , you might just find mrs. right .
you do not have to be married to say ' i love you . '
high school , according to my brother .
it means i 'm not interested in you .
fight your urges , your friends are worth more than cheap thrills .
have you gotten him anything for his birthday ?
do not go into great details , especially the mom part .
do the `` i do noy want to screw up with you '' line .
so many things to do here , if you speak portugese .
do not show him that you really like him . it might scare him .
have you ever asked a girl on a date ?
oh my , i did not realize i could go for so long .
it is ok to fall in love with a young , single guy .
even if the man is not gay , it is not concidered cheating .
shameless flirting never hurt anyone .
can you ask him if he is gay ?
maybe you have not found the right girl or noticed the right girl ?
you can tell him that it is over . that is what i do .
mine is doc ; hers is kimber .
do nt feel bad . my son is 31 and still single .
get out and smell the coffee .
they can leave without any problem .
this one does not care about you .
just tell her or write her a note .
is that because i am a giant gorilla and she is a woman ?
prepare for an odd and short story .
it only matters how you use it and not the size of it .
since it is a fact , i can deal with it .
personally , you need to pick .
just file and be done if there is nothing you disagree about .
guys in a nutshell are jerks .
if he treats you or the baby badly , then i would say no .
i do not see why there is such a fuss over sex before marraige .
if you feel hurt all the time then you need to find someone else .
trust me , you do not want to mess with her !
oh my , where did that come from ?
perhaps you do n't know what being lonely means ?
anyone that says they love you would never put you in a harmful situation .
if you love the woman then marry her .
you have it in your id it says cacth me .
she may love you in return .
if you love the woman then you should marry her .
it is possible that she will like you in return for you favors !
it seems like one is being hinted towards romance .
peace is often achieved as a result of praying .
i would prefer if she was not in my wedding .
i will know by the care and feeling she shows around me .
only foolish men cheat .
find out what she really wants and be that if you can .
he has no desire to talk to her .
it is frustrating but also a blast .
do not listen to any of them , they are wrong .
this is my 4th post .
stop wasting your time and his , just leave already .
now i purchase items for him that he will enjoy .
we are trying to train you to do anything that we need .
you do not need someone there to make it negative .
most of the nice women are married .
i think that at that age , you are only just beginning to live .
most women like with a guy can make her laugh .
if you slug that phony in the face , you will probably feel better !
something cute and simple , like a teddy bear or even a poem .
the majority of gentlemen will accept the situation
revenge returns no value . ignore the cad and forget his foolery .
he cheated , how do i get rid of it ?
she became my wife .
girls do that anyway , whether they are conscoius of it or not .
wait untill you find the right one that you love .
also , you can start a conversation .
regardless of the situation , you can step toward him first .
when the time is perfect , the perfect man for you will arrive .
one more thing : wear short clothing of some kind .
it 's a fact , not a mean joke .
there 's no harm in letting kids indulge their beliefs .
when she continues to flirt with you .
come on everyone , we are not picking on you .
if you really want to get to know me call me at my number .
let the child believe what they believe .
as a woman , i would say it is difficult for me .
when talk a lot when they speak with each other .
can you tell from that itself how she is being true to you ?
unless you 're materialistic , that is not a reason to leave your boyfriend .
do you know what is the matter with them lately ?
it is a significant event , especially with a shy girl .
i must have everything including love .
a small number of men find too much responsibility very upsetting .
it is a feeling in my guts .
perhaps you are scaring guys off .
i do not know what to do .
i see that it is free .
give her time to feel at home .
you will know if he truly loves you .
i 'm really not that masculine looking , more in between masculine and feminine .
she does not play . i however do .
then , they had sex , and she left him .
do you really think he is blowing you off ?
i do not know what is wrong with him .
some people are attracted to big girls .
you can observe the actions of someone you happen to see and like .
he is sitting behind me and answering questions right now .
magic like that can only exist in fairy tales .
i come across women of this variety often .
everything considered , it is time to do something different .
some women wonder why more men do not remain faithful .
if he loves it , then you must respect him .
wear something flattering but not too revealing .
it is a way of showing love that is unlike any other .
pretend that she does not exist .
try asking him for a reason .
it was a stainless steel set . this is very practical for everyday use .
should i be honest and admit i do not want her in it ?
you do not . you each need to move on .
it seems as if girls pick other girls best friends .
what he does is his thing .
i can not go back to someone like that now , can i ?
he will probably cheat on you again .
i do not trust these online companies that search for people .
i have been told that i should not look because she will find me .
i saw him naked with her .
let us kiss and find out what we need to know .
when you are looking for love you never find it .
i have something private i would like to share with you .
if you need additional answers , please be sure to telephone me at 307-351-2765 .
would you be comfortable with my hugging your friends when you greet them ?
continue and occupy your time better .
god reserves the best for last .
that girl is my friend in some ways .
talk to her lovingly , but do not be pushy .
do what your heart tells you to .
what if i am not able to have children ?
young adults lack the attention to know what they want .
should i ask the girl at my school out on a date ?
i have not planned many , however , my input is 7000-10000 .
pass to him the hints which you prefer .
if your love for this gentleman is strong , then the situation is moot .
you will understand your feelings when you have matured ,
affirmative , the gentleman has entered into an adulterous affair .
i am familair with the subject matter on which i am speaking .
tell him , then start making a list .
no , but i would be-friend them .
and that your friends are only friends .
i do not like short hair for girls .
the hand belonging to you , or your sock ?
i do not believe men should ever strike women .
why not remain at home and speak ?
if you hurt someone like that then you do not love them .
it is as if you can not tell your girlfriend/wife about it .
there are websites for that with plenty of single women .
who knows , he might be doing something nice for you ?
for success in life do your school work .
some find shy girls attractive when they imitate a blush with red powder .
there is not need to get upset .
do you plan on meeting ?
the words are differentiated by the words note and word .
come on , everybody has at least once insane one .
it is not that guys do not want to help .
let him know what you feel .
chance are he will be back .
the wallet is not necessary , but preferential .
speaking to yourself seems peculiar , but it does assist .
bring the children with your spouse .
is there anything else ?
i am aware that you would not like to pay .
am i the only one that can do this ?
that is not bad , but pracital .
if you are too shy to flirt , do not do it .
think of it as a breast trifecta .
or , perhaps , it is just a thing to you .
women do not want a man that can be easily ran over .
i am thick and i have never had a problem .
you have a lot of growing to do ; 23 is very young .
you can not go wrong with a single rose .
did you have intercourse with the man or not ?
realize the truth of the matter .
in the recent past , i would have responded like you .
share this with your girlfriend , and i predict she will agree .
would that not mean things like trust , care , and respect for someone ?
he is a past romantic partner because he belongs in the past .
he may have feelings for you but has reasons for holding back
those who do not have missed a great opportunity .
it is primarily him .
if you are asking that question , then i can not respect you .
does anyone know what i should do ?
people at school think that i am nerd .
until one comes along and they start begging and pleading .
tell him that you do not want him to do that any longer .
is this the kind of relationship you want from a partner ?
no , as long as they have an orgasm , weight does n't matter .
you do n't have to move to africa .
choose one to pick up and try .
raising kids as gay is immoral .
good luck with the boyfriend and happy holidays !
why not ? he might just be mr. right .
why bother in the first place ?
i guess the only concolation to that situation is honesty .
us women are not so complex creatures .
if he says no and you believe him , there you go .
how can i forget it in my mind ?
why not just ask her adn go from there ?
sounds like an excuse , but you can always kick the kids out sometime .
she will love a nice , simple gift received from you .
if your love is causing emotional pain you must end the relationship .
repeat this sentiment : `` we men are insecure . ''
you must simply be charming and sweet as girls enjoy these characteristics .
he will tell her what you said if they are just friends .
if it is his , he will know .
what is so funny ; he is only 20 years old .
try writing it better .
he just wants to use you anytime .
i like to think they will understand and protect you .
please take the right step and do some deep thinking before making any decision .
did you not promice to love , honor , etc ?
if you do not mean it , do not say it .
tell me how things go .
if you have to ask , he probably is .
there is nothing wrong with flirting with a guy .
i did not like kissing or having sex with men .
i am a guy and i really enjoy limerick poems .
i pick it up and stare at it .
then , even if she has a drink already , hand her another one .
never go to a movie on a first date .
( that is even more modern thinking . )
to identify it would be a completely different task .
take your pick from a neighbor 's house to enjoy a holiday with her .
most women prefer it to be just them two .
do not waste your life over one girl .
i would date them both .
smile please and think about it .
look around , take what you want and have a good time .
it is because they think that there is something that they are missing .
you do need to love getting older .
you deserve someone who will only look at and want you .
if not , you should probably talk to a grandparent or close friend .
i would like to be your friend .
do not give away that you are interested in him .
do not give into pressure to do things you would rather not do .
do you hang out with your friends ?
do the household chores she hates the most !
do not let him and he will not .
say , `` hey momacta , let me hit that ! ''
take what you will from it .
you may not realize , but men are just as confusing as women .
until then , hang in there .
this is just something your mind has made up .
dating the sibling of an ex-partner is never a good idea .
that would be dependent on whether she likes you too .
i would recommend ee cummings . there is plenty of poetry men enjoy .
i am not this way , but my husband is .
some men are just stupid like that .
just spend some time hanging out .
accept and be friends with him .
yes , do what you want , it is your life .
try to accept him and just be friends .
do what you want it is your life .
it is ok to be afraid but do not let that stop you .
it all depends if you love him or not .
now think , whether it could happen with your ex or not .
feed that person . that should keep them quiet for awhile .
that should shut them up .
i love sleeping with my wife .
it is possible if you have to ask yourself that question .
i love him so much i do n't want our relationship to end .
there is nothing wrong with having sex after marriage .
they had previously had it with someone else .
just remember , it does matter .
tell me if you found an answer .
i think that age is nothing but a number .
this is just my opinion .
i want to see what keeps her motivated everyday .
you are not a terrible person just because you have needs .
i wish i was that lucky !
you need to set a budget .
it is a good thing i like the twilight zone music .
he is not worth it .
and he will not already have a wife , correct ?
unintelligent person , that was an unintelligent question !
the best suggestion is to not ask men out on dates .
i do not believe that it is a true statement that lesbians hate men .
i concur , there 's good and bad ... just familiarize yourself with them .
this is a simplified overview of a more detailed whole .
if you 're not sure how to operate it , hand it to me .
a friend of mine would like to know .
i 'm in one at the moment , and i love it .
then i became a bit less aggressive .
no , that is very attractive . what has been happening , darling ?
a person has only one soul mate and true love .
there is no one good enough for a truly nice guy .
choose pink . feminine girls love pink and butterflies .
sue her for libel .
i think you got the question wrong .
what are you speaking of ?
we are not the same even as a few generations back .
do not waste tons of time doing so .
they are from two different planets .
what in the world are you referring to
our generation is not alike from the older generation
do not lose alot of time completing this
maintain proper communication with her and she will no longer be interested in another
reason is that they are from two different planets !
if i hurt my best friend i would admit and offer an apology .
what is playing at the fox theater on new years day 2006 ?
i would follow her suggestion and just be friends moving forward .
you risk losing both if you do not follow through .
you should buy her underwear .
that is too bad you do not have an avatar .
if he believes you are cheating , break up with him .
do not worry , there are people who never cheat .
no offense but she does not sound very interesting .
there is also this that men do not like unkept women .
i hope kaely lykins loves me as i love her .
yes i have two girlfriends and we are close .
no offense , but she does not sound very interested .
there is also this statement : guys do not like bushy privates .
i will kaely lykins likes me !
yes , because i have two girlfriends and we are very close .
if they are single they probably want to stay that way .
i do not understand why some girls like those guys at all .
( that is how i would describe the sound . )
therefore , why should we just love one person ?
try to get everyone concerned to care .
i can not tell you anything because i do not have a boyfriend .
but they were still going out secretly and i did not know .
please leave comments as this was my most embarrassing moment .
if that does not work , then just ask her about it .
there is no price on love .
why so quick to end another marriage ?
a kiss is something else i would add .
after the date is set , you can move on from there .
she is a sick woman and shame on her .
how do you not know that ?
no , he should break up with you for being shallow .
she is a disgusting woman , and she should be ashamed of herself .
i am very surprised you were not already aware of that .
i do not think all mean cheat .
i think that you could go to the movies .
so explain if you want advice , please . ; )
if you would not marry them , do not date them .
because it is very easy to say , but difficult to say in words .
so there is only the girl who wants things differently .
yeah , love can be at first sight .
how are you treating and trusting your girlfriend ?
you call her , but she does not answer the phone .
guess what ? i have lost my incentive to do these things .
it is also about playing with gadgets .
do not act like a stereotypical floozy .
you should determine how much money you will have .
if they say no , that is the final answer .
who do n't women like short guys over tall ones ?
i do not know what to do .
it is online dating , not line dating .
if a casual friend is asking , they are just making conversation .
do not let your relationship go bad .
the reason is , i can see myself in them .
if they ask , i would say oh , you ! ''
she should just leave and not mess around on you .
if you like this guy you should go out with him .
stop sweating and start laughing , because i can be funny at times .
sweet talk and have some drinks with them .
i knew i liked women from a young age .
do n't try to ruin someone else 's life for you own gain .
i would really like some advice .
just use sweet talk and get them drunk .
i knew i lvoed women at a young age .
do not ruin someone 's life for your own gain .
i could use some advise .
make yourself look good but still dress conservativly .
how can emotions create pain ?
it is because they watch too much mtv .
he should trust you enough that you love only him .
can you send me your answers to my email- timitimika @ yahoo.com ?
i have found that yahoo personals and the site match.com work well .
i am interested in finding full figure women and attractive women with wonderful personalities .
sometimes you can love one person and love another equally .
she obviously does not care if you get sick or not .
just because she asked for the moon does not mean she will get it .
when i was first married , i was almost 31 .
being a virgin is not as bad as many people think it is .
to be cheap linens and things have great gifts !
i call this a dumb ass ! !
once a cheater always a cheater
when she is home she doesnt really hang out with family
it is in the blood it will happen
remain vigilant if you find it hard to distance yourself from someone .
oh , dear ! you kiss in the same way as your mother .
no , i think you just need a new beau .
i believe in lust and yearning at first sight .
what is there to not like about him ?
if you two hang out after that , it means he likes you .
internet , street corners , house of ill repute , high school/college , mall .
go to a sports bar during any major event .
never give appearances of being nice just to try and win her affections again .
not only is it all right , it is also recommended .
of course . if you are in a relationship , why should n't you ?
they are simply toys . you can play with them on your own .
that is what it is like to be in love .
it depends on what the kiss is like .
do not give up hope , she will be there .
who cares about what they are doing ?
maybe , do you own a toothbrush ?
it seems that online , you all have good chemistry .
west coast swing is my favorite .
there are some mind games centering around pipe dreams .
if you have any advice for improvement , please inform me .
would that not also mean some men are promiscuous ?
it feels like he is flirting .
please help me tell my mom that i want to go out with him .
open your eyes and you see a beautiful world is out there for you .
get over her . sorry , but you can not make someone love you .
it had to have dropped by at least 50 points .
you should take a trip to australia .
i think your name says it all .
please give me credit for trying . i did my best .
i know someone who enjoys making other people cry .
sometimes you have to be a jerk in life to get what you want .
it came with a price , my broken heart !
i used to be that way because i did not trust my partner .
sit down and have a nice heart to heart .
what do women really want in a man ?
if that seems too impersonal , then ask .
there are many men out there who are wonderful .
you should have your family help you and look for you .
you only live once , having regrets and being upset is time lost .
i prefer big beautiful women over skinny girls .
it is how you use it and not how big it is .
eventually , your dad will get over it .
tell him that he is a disgrace to men .
mend do that all the time , my friend .
other men do not look good no matter what they do to their hair .
i am guessing you do not wish to be too wild .
that is just my ideas .
men do it all the time , girl .
but i assume you mean that you do not want to get too wild .
but that is just my two cents !
how do you really know when you love someone ?
if you know the girl you could ask any questions you like .
nothing is wrong with shaving , but the snake thing has to hurt !
also , sex is not always penetration .
doing it sideways is also good because the penis really gets in there .
anywhere , you do not have to specify that you are a xtian .
just have to love all those walking contradictions out there .
we are best friends and love every minute that we spend together .
you deserve better , do you not think so ?
it is all about who you fall in love with .
you can let him talk to you when you are in the mood .
just be best friends with her father .
tell your new girls about her before anything goes beyond a first date .
would he not get mad at you ?
how rude . buy him cheap socks and underwear .
nothing , he was there before you and he will be there after you .
i have never in my life felt the way i do now .
make you stronger , or destroy you ?
go on , you know that you want to .
plus , he may be doing the blushing .
then , you can go for it .
they say it , but they do n't mean it .
what kind of sick lover do you have ?
moreover , she will not discontinue her advances toward me .
if you are not sincere in your actions we will be able to tell .
if you love him you will learn to deal with him .
what might work is calling her to talk about your day .
that means it is very important for you to be comfortable with yourself .
no , i think that love died with the souls of the meek .
saying you made a mistake is not an excuse .
just approach them , because we are nice when you treat us correctly !
ignorance is bliss if you really want to be happy .
if you like her then , yes .
that would be dependent on the two of you .
p.s . i am a single , normal looking guy .
while it is not disgusting , it is very messy .
it depends on both of you !
p.s. , i 'm a single , normal looking guy .
it 's not nasty , but it can be messy !
this is without a doubt the most ridiculous thing i 've ever posted .
you may also want to get to know him on a personal level .
just smile , and do not do anything you will regret .
i do like her a lot , so what should i do ?
tell him that you like him .
ignore people who only want to have sex with you .
because that is what it is .
i 've been with someone for almost a year now .
because , the left hand goes to your heart .
love always hurts , and it never makes itself easy to understand !
because , many guys do n't have feelings to cover up ?
get one good looking one , and you 'll be rolling in phone numbers .
because they have figured out how easy we are .
i do not do much making eye contact or simply flirting .
no , what if she finds out that you are cheating ?
guys try to be like their fathers .
because a real man does not need sex ; he need a friend .
they never will until they lose you .
you can always try again once you decide he is done with his games .
tell her you already have a girlfriend .
there is not anything we do for fun .
i guess you have your answer .
i agree , he is too old for you .
it sounds like you are thinking with your libido .
if that is difficult , go and return to him later .
begin with , `` how was your day at work ? ''
if you do not like it , wear it in your right hand .
do not forget the bedroom . keep the work up in there !
as for the answer , who cares !
no arguments or ego clash , please !
aishwarya rai is the most beautiful and penelope cruz is the sexiest .
this pain is so much that i just ca n't take it anymore .
it scared my first new friend when mine tried to kill him .
everywhere i go , girls are approach me .
i would report her wrong doing .
walk directly to them and ask , `` may i help you ? `` .
in canada , there 's a magazine named match .
not love , lust at first sight .
good luck finding your answer .
he might not be interested in you .
it is because it is the closest to the heart .
sometimes men act differently for no reason .
is it necessary when you hear the tunes of pleasure ?
a full wallet and a large penis . good luck .
if i share with someone , i can give up that object .
it will depend on what two parties are in search of .
look for somebody who suits you well .
then he will play until he goes to bed .
how can i add people i meet in yahoo to my yahoo buddy list ?
i have large breast and have seen the upside .
it 's not wrong , as long as you both love each other .
you have to truly care about them .
nope , it is not wrong so long as you both love each other .
and , if you do n't write emails , you better write emails .
you have to actually care about them .
however , it does not mean at first glance you will fall in love .
stay alert and be careful in life .
do n't forget to clean , floss , and brush your teeth daily .
you did not , you let her find you .
who said you can love only one person ?
a special girl who is your friend is a girlfriend .
because , no one wants to hear the word `` no '' .
no , no stay where you are .
whether it is for sex or love .
you 're into one another , so then why not ?
you should tell on her .
as long as females are of legal age , males are never too old .
maybe your calling is to become a groupie for a biker gang .
if he wo n't . they do n't bother yourself .
do not believe what they say .
women do have a mind of their own .
please send me a picture if you are a female .
normally the sequel is not as good as the original .
they take care of me .
i and my boyfriend have already been there three times .
men can get away with it . that is the answer .
a person who cheats once will always be unfaithful .
it is a crazy rumor regarding a basketball game and a class assignment .
do females care as much about age as much as males do ?
i like to eat , sleep , watch football , and chat with friends .
if you do that , all respect will most likely be lost .
i hope you two are at least friends .
he is a sick pervert and she is naive .
please wash your genitals , there is a chance they do not smell good .
take some time to understand his point of view before making a decision .
what am i able to do and what should i do ?
it sounds as if you could use some company .
where do you live and what is your age ?
i 'm not sure . truthfully , i lost mine when i was ten .
it seems to me that you are extremely lonely .
how old are you ? where do you live ?
if you love her , she 'll love you back .
i 've been more busy at work lately , and i 'm enjoying life .
when she stated that you have changed , what did she mean ?
if you go to yahoo personals , it will tell you .
why would she want to be with someone so boring ?
i am not sure , but it is illegal so yes .
if he is actually nice then he would let me finish first .
white with the bow already on top would cost approximately 10 to 15 dollars .
and that is the truth . i am not joking .
that is too manly , but only because some men try to conform .
but it sounds like it is better to move forward .
14 or 15 or above is best .
i 'm just wondering if he falls for it .
the attractive man is quite rude when he is into you .
where should i go to get to know him .
do you have any suggestions on gifts that might be suitable for her ?
i happen to be working on the same problem .
what should i discuss with them - the weather ?
that , and getting on with your life ...
somehow , though , they always end up thinking you really like them .
while that is important , so is getting on with your life .
mine often did this without my knowledge , it caused much conflict .
it always ends the same , with them believing you really like them .
two wrongs do not make a right !
maybe he is a realy nice guy but just wants to take it slow .
if it 's less than five , if might not be that bad .
i do n't know . try classmates.com or goole their name .
do nothing sexual and see if he goes for it .
just say , `` hi , your look familiar '' .
if she is simple then make it simple , it is about her .
go on yahoo chat , or go out to skate parks or similar things .
you do not have to do anything if you do not want to .
i would leave it alone after that .
maybe she likes seeing you angry .
then you have a bit of a problem .
perhaps it is because they are not worn on the right side .
type `` find people '' on yahoo search .
i do not understand why you ask such a question .
of course , that is what marriage is supposed to be .
i have windows xp , and my previous computer had windows 98 .
yes , a boyfriend is a boyfriend !
my boyfriend got really angry when i broke up with him the second time .
you will know right away if this is going to click .
staring at how big of humps there are in guys ' pants .
explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend .
using you as a rebound , but not even getting there .
maybe try to see what kind of guys she is into .
perhaps it could help finding out the type of man she is interested in .
what did you do before you were married ?
maybe he is doing it purposefully to make you jealous .
unfortunately aside from continuing as you are the situation is out of your control .
two inches is not sufficient to complete the job .
i hope your questions have been rectified by the information you have been given .
girls can better relate to them since they mature faster .
but only if you become his new mom .
they just want to score .
hey girl , be quiet you idiot . why do you think !
girls mature faster than boys and can often relate better .
that is only possible if you become his girlfriend .
they are only out to hide the facts .
i would appreciate it if you stopped giving us your input .
what do you mean by base ? what big relationship are you referring to ?
is she the right one or a bad one ?
if that is so , look in the phone book .
nothing matters for me but whether a person is good-natured .
i have confronted her and informed the teachers but she will not stop .
i suggest that you simply tell him about your feelings .
see if he enjoys it or not .
he is the person who is always supportive of you no matter what .
we do this in order that you will give it to us more .
i would probably date you as long as you are not married .
i lost mine at age 12 and it is a little young .
i am very knowledgeable about this .
i can not make this formal , it is inherently sexual in every way .
i know that a lot of men are attracted to lesbian relationships .
i believe this was a mistake for her .
is that who he is ?
if you do n't feel the same , you do n't .
valentino 's pizza is at 975 north aviation boulevard .
i believe that appearances do matter , so get used to it .
will it not make you nervous to make such an important decision .
i want you to continue licking .
i feel badly because this is a terrible movie .
may i be your boyfriend ?
you should have to tell her !
is looking him up on the internet too much ?
make conversation and do not ask simply yes or no questions . good luck !
the consequences are not worth it .
you need to experience this ; otherwise , you will be disappointed .
are you asking if i believe in fate ?
it is good that you look around you .
do n't you know it does matter because it can not be too small .
you should find an activity that you can both enjoy .
it may seem like silly advice , but this is what worked for me .
this is not something that only happens to me .
i assume they were just masturbating , what are their ages ?
my guess would be that they man would get double the pleasure .
this may be unusual but it was successful for me .
this is not something that only pertains to men .
( i imagine they were pleasuring themselves ) what were their ages ?
it is likely because the man would get more appreciation .
but you must remember that you are stealing his bachelor party from him .
then just listen to what she says and build off of that .
why not try to spice things up ?
if i were in your shoes , i would move out .
so you 're very rude for not making her feel loved .
what about the city of troy ?
you should try to spice it up with him .
if i were you , i would move out .
for not making her feel loved , you are an a-hole .
how about with the city of troy ?
just after it , and that is it .
you had best try as hard as you can .
try something new , and it that does not work , cheat on him .
we will be getting married next year !
it is the same thing with my friend and me .
if you love him , he will reciprocate your love .
you should try and form a relationship with her .
i just read this book , and i think you should as well .
hello , i was wondering if you would go on a date with me .
if you love him , he will reciprocate that feeling .
it is not only important that you try and date her .
i highly recommend this book to everyone .
do you think you would be interested in spending the evening with me ?
depends on if it is jail bait .
since when is it okay for anyone to cheat ?
there are too many material objects out there to buy .
how can i help her to really have a good time during sex .
it is acceptable if you do love them .
i would like a good girl ; you would like a good guy .
if you decide to give cash i suggest giving $ 75 or $ 100 .
only during the first meeting , then step by step you can increase .
nice guys are n't always the best looking nor are they gay !
i 'm positive when a girl likes you she will show you a sign .
so what exactly is ghetto to you ?
i am not quite sure , but anyway , it is .
no , you just need a girlfriend .
so , i would advise you to stick with those that write to you .
you need a girls help , and i am one .
do not worry about it first off .
right , he needs a friend not a lover .
well , get her something you know she will like .
you should tell him you know what is going on and to come clean .
it means that he does not want to be around you .
if he likes you , then he will work with your circumstances .
you will find that is was worth waiting for .
i do not know where else to go except the movies !
it is `` the queen of the damned '' soundtrack .
what in the world do you mean by that ?
stop right away if she is in a relationship .
they ask you how much money you have and other things like that .
he had seen a surround sound system yesterday that cost around one hundred dollars .
i concur that starting the conversation with a friendly hello is a good step .
you will experience feelings on a day by day basis .
perhaps she wants to have sex with you but possibly not .
the same event happens to me .
if she mentions that then you should inquire about what happened .
all you have to do is go up and ask her .
a guy cheats on a girl to see what another girl has to offer .
tell her to leave you .
i suggest you try to meet some new friends .
after you have given birth you will love the expeience .
make sure to purchase some condoms before going any further .
it may not work out between you two .
it 's alright if he makes you happy .
he got in trouble following behind his friend .
odds point in favor of him ending the relationship again .
i find myself in the same scenario
please contact me at hussienothman @ hotmail.com .
she needed some time to relax and be with friends .
do not proceed unless you are interested .
be yourself and tell the truth .
you should find satisfaction on your own , then try to think about her .
if it is the truth , then you should reveal it !
letting him go will help both of you .
depending on the guy , you could whisper in his ear .
request that he use his credit cards .
the more you look , the less mistakes you will make .
do not change who you are for her .
if she likes you , then it is just fine .
approach him or her like a friend you already know .
they are probably thinking of porn stars , anyway .
approach her and cravenly beg her to like you because you like her .
sometimes , love is just a funny thing .
you have a good sense of humor and are attractive , am i correct ?
please clarify why it is harder !
if she says no , let that be the end of it .
you just need to find them .
just keep on looking until something clicks .
well , i say to just ignore them and do what you want to .
you will find out afterwards ; happy hunting !
i do not know if i am a virgin .
i do not want someone who may kill over the next day .
be careful on the relationships you might be asked to join in prison .
she is too respectable for that .
he comes up with an excuse .
most likely because they 're selfish , ignorant , or need relief .
trust me when i say women enjoy better soft , gentle sex .
first , ask your mind , then listen to your heart .
it 's similar to the love of your parents , but slightly different .
there are several fish in the ocean .
does he want me back , or dos he really dislike me that much ?
what kind person would use you like that and consider themselves your best friend ?
by the way , myspace.com is a free one .
you can not love a person whom you do n't know .
is there anything i can say to her that might undo her brainwashing ?
wait about five years before marrying again .
if things go well , you will know .
he can get into quite serious trouble .
in fact , three hours would not be enough time for me .
ll , with his lips , is quite a man .
if you love the person , you must really work past it .
i would love you forever if you were on television or in the movies .
men who love their wives do not cheat .
it sounds to me like you have a little situation here .
if you want the abridged version ...
despite what others may say , two parents are better than one .
if it is not meant to be , let it go .
get out on a date , enjoy your life , and have some fun !
buy a strap on , which is n't as good , but oh well .
no , cheating is cheating and rape is rape .
i am searching or the answer myself .
it is no trouble , you 'll have the results soon .
i have strong feelings for a woman at church .
i am unsure of what my next step should be .
if you have to ask for the information , it is probably not real .
the first step would be to be kind to her .
do not bother them , just wait to find out .
i like a girl at church .
what should i do now ?
it is a game if you have to ask .
to start with , you can be nice to her .
ask him what he is interested in .
what is she doing ?
she may be speechless but she will say yes .
i told him to please keep my secret .
i 'm sorry ; however , age will always be an issue .
that seems like a bad situation .
he can not care much if he is cheating .
let us keep a secret a secret .
girls are attracted to rough men with plenty of testosterone .
anywhere between the time of 5 to 45 minutes .
it is better to keep the secret than to tell
women are often attracted to rugged men who show they are manly men .
it could last anywhere between five and forty five minutes .
guys always wonder what is wrong with some women .
she is married and has a child !
so , why do you guys think this happens ?
or , the age difference , although that is n't really that much .
i do n't know . we will find it some kind of way .
i need revenge or something . any ideas ?
but , some have messed up teeth .
how about the question , `` are you a virgin ? ''
my husband is rude to me too .
additionally , will you marry me ?
if it were just us men , i would not think of mentioning it .
if you do n't love , then you do n't have friends .
be yourself , if you 're funny , then make a girl smile .
talk to him first . do n't wait .
to me , age is just a number .
you need to move on with your life .
next time you see him , go up and speak with him .
attempt to do something extra special for him at christmas .
remember , the worst she could state is no .
of course it depends on what kind of girl she is .
to find out more , visit chat.yahoo.com .
and , you have someone by your side all the time .
is there a baby already pending ?
money and intelligence with one . you could get the other .
my wife was my best friend , so i 'm scared of games .
do not put your life on hold .
i went to my gynecologist and everything came out okay .
well yes . you should love them .
do anything except make him have sex with you .
there is one other thing that popped into my head .
they want what your lady friend has ; you .
nothing , it is not your place to tell him .
then come up with some positive answers instead .
no , you idiot , an education is better than a boy !
a friend that is a girl , is a girlfriend .
if you and your mate are comfortable , then it does not matter .
what is his favorite sports team ?
take time to go out and congregate with others .
you should look for someone who loves you too .
if he is spending his free weekend time with you .
it is caused by the way they often think with the improper head .
it is always possible for me , that is why viagra exists .
why do n't you try someone who loves you , too ?
before someone else can love you , you must learn to love yourself .
that is because they are thinking with their penis .
that is because women think with their brain and men think with their penis .
now , that is just common sense .
but i just can not help it .
move forward , and find somebody else .
let him know you find him sexually attractive and tell him you like him .
i love women with an accent .
please answer my question because i really need to know .
call me back and let me know .
it 's probably a genetic characteristic of their family .
note : i would not recommend the cheaper versions , as they are unreliable .
that is the first thing he does when he arrives at home .
i am certain that the other person feels the same way .
then you say , `` honey , did you see the ice ? ''
i can currently recall why i seriously dislike you .
you could possibly find someone to date on myspace or tagworld .
even a telephone call does not provide assurance that they are real .
while i know some people may disagree , i state my opinions .
perhaps you should spend some time apart .
as when we begin to speak all baby like .
when women state no , that means no !
it 's better to attempt to impress her friend .
it depends upon how much of the color you plan to wear .
he practices between 20-30 hours a week .
i suggest you also inquire about whey you did not love her previously .
i am just telling you the realistic position .
to make her feel bad about what she did .
break up with this man and never go back to him .
if a woman told you that , usually she means no .
that is what i look for in women .
he is my significant other , and that is all i need .
that is the red light district , so make sure to bring some condoms .
or it may be easier if you can actually see the person .
keep that as a desire or a fantasy .
however , is it really true love ?
the people on here seem incredibly illiterate .
we are going through some of the same things .
trust me if you are . what is up ? the chickens will come .
flirt with him so he gets the idea .
if you just want a girlfriend or sex , then move on .
i think 16 is a good age to start .
it depends on how he physically he feels in his mind .
does he really ever make you happy ?
so , yes , i believe they can last !
try to avoid gaining weight .
can you afford the tax for the cd ?
what is the estimated price ?
if you wanted your freedom , why did you get married ?
also , try not to be fat .
a cd ; come on . you can scrape up tax , right ?
some girls marry and love boys that are 10 years older than themselves .
approximately what am i looking at here in price ?
if you want freedom , why did you get married ?
sadomasochism is to be attempted with only somebody you trust .
i believe she 'll date you .
respect each other , this applies to both sexes .
i really do not care what other people think .
ladies with average looks but a good figure are the best .
say , `` you look nice , '' and see where the conversation leads .
if the gentleman admires you , then you shall not be worried .
are you searching for a male companion ?
you do not require a young man to be content .
what shall i do since i have read an enormous amount ?
this includes toby mcguire , george clooney , and even bill murray .
it depends on the individual .
should i give him a small hug ?
depending on the couple , it can range from 45 seconds to hours .
hey , your husband and i can both see you .
yes , if your sone is 21 .
if someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
hi , i personally go for the guys that flirt and are not shy .
hello , neither your husband nor i ca n't see you .
yes , if your son is at least 21 years of age .
hi , i personally go for the guys that are more forward !
if you do not have trust , then you do not have her .
because they do not mean what they say . he had a rotten soul .
it is very important to peak her curiosity .
i believe that both of these situations are mutually exclusive .
if so , then tell him that fair is fair .
i like women to be sexually adventurous , but not unkempt .
i suggest that you wait at home so as not to risk losing anything .
this is something that i would tell my younger sister .
these signs point to him not being ready to commit to a real relationship .
i prefer women who are a little wild , but still clean .
i would advise you wait at home so that you are safer .
this is the advice i would give to a younger sibling .
i do not know , are you ever rude to him ?
then , take a public speaking course .
but not how they die or at the hands of who .
you might just like both . that is fine .
stay busy , and importantly , love yourself .
how does dinner and a movie sound to you ?
and i have better options than that one .
my advice would be to be yourself and figure out what suits your preferences .
it goes without saying that they should be married first .
that 's all there is to it ; your mail has now been returned .
if the answer is no , then you did n't need him anyway .
i do agree with the other guy that pictures do help .
she called to say she misses you ?
masturbation is a form of sex with someone that i love .
hello . please wear less clothing .
she is as stupid as other girls .
it is not worth the risk of getting an std , aids or pregnant .
they are the same age but they are not close .
hello , again . please wear less clothing .
as with other girls , she is stupid .
even though they are the same age , they are not that close .
please get her address , if you can .
yahoo is definitely great ; it is not expensive and it works well .
other men would tell the truth about those kinds of matters .
your standards are important ! you deserve to wait for someone you really love .
switch it up by trying new activities .
make your move when you have an answer to that question .
this will really cause you to appeal to her .
however , do n't give it away .
do not lead him on , because that will only make matters worse .
am i crazy because i have strong feelings for him ?
wear many layers of clothes and then ask him to help you undress .
i chatted with you on yahoo instant messenger .
you definitely have some issues with men .
i am hoping it is not due to the friends i associate with .
i say you must have left him for a reason .
do n't be fooled ! if he cheats once , he will cheat again !
eighteen year olds who date younger girls usually want sex .
bring your boyfriend to a cheap motel .
they are mature for their age , since they took responsibility .
i want to have a boyfriend so badly !
your madre . you ca n't come back from that .
maybe he thinks you want nothing to do with him .
if it 's a guy resembles you , good for you .
could i be faking that i know anything about faking ?
it 's best that you not concern yourself with things like that .
how should i proceed to find someone ?
it was terrible that he was saying such mean and hateful things .
i am not sure why ; it just happens .
i have been dating this man since may .
get another girl to give you a lot of affection in front of her .
you asked , so try the high school .
nothing , we would just like to know things .
just do no let him push you around .
do not allow her to get away with this behavior .
feel free to go out with her if that is your desire .
i am 21 years old and i am the most mature person i know .
if you are in an affair , you will know .
are you a homosexual ?
four years ago , i saw a girl and fell in love with her .
do you like boys a lot if you are a boy ?
both of them will finger you at last .
do not hesitate to speak with her if you are interested .
your problem is difficult and i am not certain how i should respond .
remember to treat them properly .
it is difficult to determine if you are in possession of this .
my motives for infidelity were selfish .
she 'll come back , have faith .
try keeping her safe .
as a man , i know how to fake it .
unlike what women think , guys are not skilled in hints .
i love god and god 's people .
i soon became lonely , it 's terrible .
i met my boyfriend online , he lived approximately five hours away from myself .
meet him , see if you 'll be disappointed .
it 's not as complicated as other countries assume .
but you can lay in bed and think about her .
there are things that men fantasize about , and then there is reality .
you should just talk about other guys the way he talks about girls .
trust me , you will have plenty of time for all of that stuff .
why do you want to date someone who may possibly cheat on you ?
do i make a secret public ?
i live in santa monica , california .
if you are talking about guys , you have n't found the right one .
try going to the local church .
you should stay true to your current boyfriend .
it would be great to see what is attractive to these women .
nobody forgets their first love . i know that i have n't .
you need to punch him in the face .
most likely because they do n't want a relationship .
i feel normal and believe that it 's okay that i am gay .
i hate them and wish they had all perished .
i recommend that you never regret anything that you do .
she also thinks she is being attractive .
it is as myralys said , `` you just know . ''
i always appear busy , even when i am not .
if he is a womanizer i would pass .
he may say he just wants to be entertained .
life is too short to waste .
do not be afraid to leave .
are you certain that other men are your ultimate goals ?
you only get to enjoy youth one time in your life .
that also reflects how they feel about you .
is it really other men that you want ?
a nice , loving guy , that loves you for who you are .
you are only a kid once in your life .
you should kiss your guy when you think it is the right time .
and , that is the way they feel about you too .
of course you may ask him out first .
which do you think is worse ?
in addition , the first one is going to be the fastest .
you will have great sex .
if a person lies once , they will probably lie again .
either that , or , wait for some girl to ask you out .
tell her exactly what you posted up there .
or , do i sound too pathetic ?
because , sometimes it just feels good to let out emotions .
jump off a bridge in front of her . just kidding .
once in friendland , you are n't getting out .
i am happy being me , and you should be happy too .
it must have been pretty bad .
she is very set on following through .
it is all variable due to your taste in women .
tell her your true feelings , it may shock her but will work .
especially the nice ones who do not care about features ?
if she is not willing , then leave her be .
it depends on what kind of women you want .
tell her what you feel , surprise her , then leave .
yes , i have big legs and big thighs .
if you go to 7/11 you do not have to inquire about it .
with a name like mr. big dick , the price should not matter .
how many people have you had relationships with ?
i hope this helps one way or another .
he claims he is not frugal .
do not cheat because you will just ruin a good thing
always be polite because most women do not like vulgarity .
i want to wear a nice outfit that looks great but not sexy .
it will make both of your lives a horror .
run as fast as you can , kid .
no married man can justify having a mistress .
it all depends on your meaning of an `` online relationship '' .
just joking , but those colors are very splashy .
it is just going to make both of your lives miserable .
run like hell is after you , younging .
it depends on what you mean by online relationship .
to overtly seek revenge is not advised , as it puts you in jeopardy .
nobody is too good to be true .
try to play with him .
believe in your dreams , then follow your heart .
i feel awful because it 's bothering me .
if that does n't convince him , he 's not worthy of you .
no matter what , you 're stuck .
it 's hard to describe a moment of love .
i am estimating on the last part .
it is possible , good luck to you !
just a guess for that last part .
good luck , it can be accomplished !
i have to tell you , you sound like a fun date !
just as i said , my `` ex . ''
do n't go overboard trying to be her friend .
certainly not . instead , how about meeting him after school ?
either get a new boyfriend or wear high heels around him .
only if you let it go past flirting .
that does not make it right , though .
hormones are making you feel this way .
enjoy being young while you can !
you must be unattractive .
on the positive side , i felt it was a good learning experience .
if you are arrogant , we will be made aware of that as well .
you should allow him sufficient time for the projects he is working on .
i 'm also questioning whether it is appropriate for me to have sex .
we talk every night , something i can not deny .
if so , then she is doing all right .
therefore i have no idea what to buy for him .
this is rude and also disturbing .
there no turning back , but of course you have do it .
it would be best to be kind and compliment her .
you 're still dating this crude individual ?
and , i am dating another man .
shop at walmart on a sunday .
he should appreciate socks and underwear , but hardly anyone does .
he is telling people lies about me .
yes , if girls do what they say .
i recently broke-up with someone and he is not taking it well .
possibly , because it is aligned with your heart .
if you are both committing infidelity , then it is not worth it .
if a man truly loves his wife , then he will not commit infidelity .
wait , but not for too long .
it is most likely around $ 70 per person now .
if she goes to starbucks , chances are she is too old for you .
if looks are not forever , then what do you have ?
most likely , she will get the hint that you like her .
excuse me , you could pretend you were giving out surveys .
i think it is nice to have someone perky .
well , if you can get it corrected , complete it .
simply train yourself to want the woman you can attain .
i suppose that means he does not know .
but , it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
walk up , and whip it out ?
the girl 's and his maturity level .
it stood out when we first saw each other .
keep it to yourself .
both of them are on the same level of maturity .
things are going very well for me .
is it only because he is a nice guy ?
if he does n't want to use a condom , use one on yourself .
you only think that they are nice .
it is not a secret . have n't you heard that opposites attract ?
at that age , the boys are eager to have sex anyway .
if that does not work , then you need to intoxicate them with alcohol .
my husband believes that i am .
someone can be a transvestite either by default or by cross dressing .
there are good people out there .
are you comparing your stats with the `` average ? ''
but , that 's the key . you have to get one first .
kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
just make sure you do n't do it when she is with her friends .
are you comparing your statistics with the 'average ' ?
but that 's the key -- you have to get one first .
kissing , touching , and fondling also counts as cheating .
just make sure you do not do it while she is with her friends .
i have a weakness for goth girls .
is there really ? because i never felt it .
let us hope that you meet the person who loves you soon .
if you send a copy to her parents it will be better for you .
we need more men with big lips in the world .
make men use their brains more and it will get them nervous .
nothing , because she is not in a relationship with you anymore .
you should view tony robbins ' new dvd on relationships .
it is acceptable to be homosexual .
it does n't indicate he does n't like you , unless he specifies it .
you should share your feelings with her .
it would serve you well to disregard her and to move forward .
it would benefit you to allow some time to pass .
i often think about the past .
it is best to be expressive with your eyes , gestures , and smile .
tell him his actions toward your girlfriend need to stop immediately .
the reason is , you have to be able to connect with each other .
basically , you need to grow up and be an adult .
that dress is becoming on you .
he wants me to find the girl .
be honest , and then leave .
please use condoms , sexually transmitted diseases are very real .
stop bathing and using deodorant .
please assist me in separating my identity from situations such as these circumstances .
it is certain to be a husband and wife .
be certain that it is not against the law .
those individuals are responsible for improving the reasoning behind continuing with life .
the best way to approach a woman is to be yourself .
if you do n't actually do it does that make you violent ?
if you are on the floor then you are a mat , correct ?
the best way to approach a woman is to be yourself .
but , you do n't actually do it . does that make you violent ?
if you are on the floor , then you are a mat , huh ?
that really is the most important question .
i believe that women find shy men attractive .
when kissing her , do not stick your tongue in her mouth .
the answer is no unless they are truly in love with each other .
honestly , girls like honest guys .
kiss her on the cheek .
it 's ok to get married if you are really in love .
it is his lack of self-confidence .
it 's true that there is a very fine love between love and hate .
if that approach does n't work , contact me .
the decision is up to both of you .
ask her what she likes and then surprise her with a gift .
he will do it again , as cads always do .
i hope i have not upset you , but i just can not lie .
does anyone know how to do this ?
( they are both madly in love with each other . )
religion has caused more fighting and killing throughout history .
if it is for my family , i can accomplish anything .
it is for the same reason that makes girls not ask the question .
you should act as if you are interested in what she says .
there is more fighting and killing because of religious beliefs .
i can do anything to provide for my family .
the same reason girls do not ask !
act like you care about what he is saying .
durex brand condoms are the best around .
you should purchase her a single red rose , she 'll love it .
now i play the game much more often .
i 'll certainly move for you .
if i was with you , i 'd be coming as well .
my lesbian friends have been together longer than any of my straight friends .
i believe so , especially because she might have sexually transmitted diseases .
continue to do what she states , until your wallet is empty .
most likely because we 've all been single , and know its great .
it is important to think of the advantages and downsides when making a decision .
have you seen the movie '40 year old virgin ' before ?
am i selfish to want my husband home ?
dab a small amount of your perfume on it .
perhaps it 's worth your time , to discuss how you feel with him .
i 'm inexperienced . i 'm searching for people to experience romance .
hello . i 'm a regular man , but i have an issue .
my mother , in a decent way .
begin to pretend to be a bad girl with action packed expressions .
no , once he cheats he will always cheat .
no one could be certain it would n't occur again .
you 've been speaking on the phone for quite a while now .
i believe that someone can help .
what should i do so that i can have his attention ?
i am having sex with a thirty to thirty-eight year old attractive mother .
anyway , i hope that things will go well for you .
the decision is mostly up to your parents .
you must trust and respect her .
men do n't typically care .
do not call him all of the time because he will feel smothered .
what makes men like myself different , you ask ?
i do n't believe it is fate .
you seem to be attracting the wrong caliber of men .
contemplating relations with a stranger is not good .
you make love with your girlfriend .
he replied that it was fun when i inquired .
has she hinted about anything at the mall or anything similar ?
what are you talking about ; stereo-type , what ?
bad things come back to you three-fold at a later time .
and you think that i simply conclude that men do n't care ?
i suspect that she broke up with her lover , but i never inquired .
both sides have their positive and negative aspects .
offer yourself to him for free .
my boyfriend and i were happy until ryan entered the picture .
did i mention there is a lot of good sex ?
i think you should research more what motivates men .
you should offer yourself to him at no cost .
i was happy in a previous relationship until a man named ryan came along .
i should also add , it included lots of passionate love making .
you should spend some time learning what men think and want .
i do not know if that will be of any help .
some people prefer to keep quiet most of the time .
no matter what is occurring , she is usally too busy and tired .
i like to think that i am the ruler over all that is ours .
1. what do you look for in a relationship ?
maybe you need to spice it up .
maybe the hair would not have been so bad without the make-up .
i do not think it is right , but it is the truth .
it is both a film and a story .
then go back to being funny , stern and enigmatic .
when you 're married , you wo n't have to worry about that .
please give me another opportunity .
much goes to waste daily .
we all pretend to be that way to be polite .
whatever you do , please do n't shout !
even most girls would like a moderate amount of shyness for their guys .
my honest and straight forward answer is a resounding no !
that is the best way to release emotions .
if there is sex involved , then he will only want that from you .
i know all about it because i am a man , believe me .
you might buy her some chocolate .
do not use any worn out pick-up lines on them .
i have been seeing my girlfriend so life is busy .
was not john hinkley obsessed with jodi foster ?
no , if you must know i am not cheating .
tell her that you are an axe murderer .
it is the one you get from someone you love .
please be confident and tell him the truth .
we love witnessing public displays of affection .
keep your head up and tell him the truth .
you should try leaving hickies , we really enjoy that .
it occurred over a man i felt she should not be dating .
i love my family very much .
i would not expect that most guys would have a preference in that regard .
how about just a half day ?
when you are ready . it 's all about time .
and , no , i do not work for them !
best way to attract the ladies .
write them a letter , and then put the letter into their locker .
any kind of intimacy or even the desire to experience intimacy together .
best of luck , and have a good time .
you are thinking about love , and love is thinking about you .
follow nike 's motto , `` just do it ! `` .
i call it the `` i love you if '' .
make it unforgettable ; i used a big bag of rose petals .
is this woman someone with whom you work with ?
think deeply , because this is a good one .
because , i desire them to be .
no , not if you do not desire to have sex .
i am sorry , but they are all homosexual .
women do not want to die , but men only care about having sex .
yes sir , you are mistaken .
yes sir , your 're barking on the wrong tree .
most of the girls do n't like their boys at all .
i have no idea and would like to ask the same question .
having lust in your heart is the same as cheating .
your friends will move away from you but your lover probably will not .
if you are not sure then just ask what her desires are .
it is easier to get younger females to be intimate with them .
you are too old to have your first date .
maybe he will ask you out .
when you are out of answers , you should discuss her likes with her .
in the first place , you need to write your friends
it is often easier to engage younger women into intercourse .
you are really far too mature to be going on your first date .
it is possible that he may ask you on a ate .
because that is their natural answer .
if not , then you only wasted a small amount of time .
begin slowly and passionately , then do it hard but gently .
couple 's therapy , though it sounds strange , it does help .
they say that because it is in their nature .
i know this sounds cliche , but couples therapy really can help a relationship .
lay naked on your bed with a rose in your teeth .
i mean no offense to that girl .
it might mean she really like the ankle bracelet . men are jealous creatures .
how do i pick up a girl at work ?
let me know how that turns out for you .
girl , tell someone before they get hurt .
how can i ask out a woman i work with ?
keep me informed on the results of this .
while not all men are the same , some do require it .
you should inform the proper authorities before someone gets hurt .
i went through the same thing with my wife , he wo n't change .
heck , i like a guy with good teeth .
just do n't go solo , it makes the girls mad .
why would he stay in just because you got mad ?
i married someone i met online .
goodness , i like a guy that has nice teeth .
please do not go by yourself , as it upsets the grrrs .
then why would he stay home because you were angry ?
i married a person i met online .
most likely you 're attracted to your choir director .
your boyfriend has to worry about both sexes hitting on you .
i 'm sixteen , i believe it 's a great age to begin .
think about of having a child of your own one day .
so , that is when greed comes .
high school can difficult because some students can be mean .
one beautiful woman is good , two beautiful women is great .
she is too young , where are her parents .
she is too young for that , where are her parents ?
you should follow what your heart says .
i believe with homosexual sex , it would n't work .
that was the ex girlfriend i found in bed with another woman .
it depends upon the character of the girl .
in my opinion , my friend has a horrible boyfriend .
that should not stop you from enjoying it .
what women say means something different to women and to men .
as a male , i must say .
i am extremely self-centered .
if necessary , do not wear clothes .
walking is how people usually approach anything .
i enjoy activities such as match.com , borders and self help meetings .
believe me , they are n't .
women are able to manipulate to obtain items .
life is what you make of it , regardless of age .
the only thing cheating solves is lust , temporarily .
its time could come any moment , so i am waiting .
take a break from both of them ; who will you miss more ?
i do n't think of anyone else when i am out with my date .
i suppose i could be falsifying it .
i am not convinced you are in love with either of them .
it is too bad that he is not considerate and respectful of that matter .
you get a feeling in your heart .
converse and discuss problems with your significant male other about every thing .
responses from females and women would be beneficial .
if you are having doubts , you should listen to them .
you will feel it with your heart .
you should communicate with your partner about everything .
input from women would be helpful .
no , i do n't believe it 's wrong to love .
i would not commit adultery against my wife if you threatened my life .
you have to let time pass .
this is proof you do not really love your significant other .
there is too many different kinds of religions .
do not dwell on it and it wont be an issue .
face it , you do not have a marriage .
are you pregnant , or is he being mean ?
intelligence can make you attractive .
three words to pronounce ; do you not speak english ?
where should i go from here ?
why do you not get a divorce and save the poor woman ?
do rockstars love drugs and strippers ?
this hast to do with knowledge , not maturity .
i recommend you cut off your relationship with him .
because you are a stranger to her .
no they do n't , and they do n't read ladder theory .
many men are obnoxious because they are insecure .
give him time to mature .
always remember that what does not kill you will make you stronger .
either way , i wish you all the luck in the world .
what does not kill you make you stronger .
best of luck to you .
silence does not always indicated that the person is bored .
that does not mean i can say what is going on with your husband .
so i ask you to please listen to your heart .
based on that , you should know what to do .
here is a clue about what your next step needs to be !
that is not true if you really love him .
i am heterosexual but some of my friends are not .
for the time being , i do not want children at all .
yes , he is far too old for you .
i feel it is to everyone 's own preference .
i am heterosexual but i do have homosexual friends .
currently , i a do not want any children .
the best way to start is by complimenting her and telling her your name .
i believe he is to old for you .
everyone is entitled to doing things their own way .
when it comes to the guy , you should take your time .
the familiar scenario of having sex and leaving them .
the answer can be found if you look deep within your heart .
if you are interested in getting ideas , we can discuss that .
wait for the guy .
i am going to be honest and forthright .
it seems like neither you nor your partner are quite ready for marriage yet .
i would do so , because this might halt his undesirable behavior .
my grandfather was the last good man i knew .
it does n't mean it will be easy .
question him about his objectives .
i needed to concentrate to continue .
in that case , maybe you should obtain a foreign boyfriend .
try using a chat room called `` chat philipines '' .
you should stay pure until you get married .
they are beautiful , sexy , and a lot of fun to be around .
i suggest you follow his desires while in the bed .
do what makes you happy .
kind individuals are no longer available .
a small number are positive and a small number are negative .
if you would like to be successful you will need to be intelligent .
find out if he 's interested , then ask him .
i am also scared .
what makes them unique is their tactics .
act properly , enjoy the moment .
say hello , then introduce yourself , then attempt to make conversation .
it is obvious that he only wants to have sexual relations with you .
i do not at all the majority of the time .
i only want to be friends with you , and nothing more than that .
so if that is what you prefer then you should do that .
some women do , and some men enjoy it , as well .
well married women should not have a boyfriend 's body to make remarks about .
in the future , he may show signs that it is possible .
women often do , and sometimes men enjoy it as well .
a peer , a committed partner , and a sexual member .
whatever else you do , do not say what you do not mean .
throw her a surprise party to welcome her back !
it is certainly unnatural , but i would encourage homosexuality .
the odds are that you can do better for less .
i have feelings for a girl who is more popular than i am .
find your personal preference - shemales , bisexual relationships - whatever brings you pleasure .
i guess she is attractive , too , like you .
try to look at the situation from every angle .
tell your ex-boyfriend to leave .
age is not significantly important .
what if you are caught in the act ?
people who truly care about others will give them space and time to themselves .
he is simply not interested in pursuing you .
there are too many `` bad boys '' out there .
for me , it would be my wife .
i had one year in college studying computer graphic arts before i got married .
do n't let other people determine who you friends are , or are n't .
and how can one be obtained ?
because they want their date to get to know their siblings .
if he has changed or is willing to change , then try counseling .
if all else fails , use your hands !
i love ll cool j 's lips .
to this day , she is still talking about me .
it is because you love or care too much .
no , because once you get married , you do not have sex anymore .
you must do what feels right to you .
it will probably ruin your friendship , but at least she is experienced .
i would like some thoughts on how best to propose to her .
she should know it is seen as homosexual and annoying .
older women prefer nice men , and younger women are drawn to obnoxious men .
keep looking for new and interesting opportunities !
then maybe you will find a sex partner .
do you have homosexual chat rooms for teenagers ?
and do not lead her on afterward .
i would like to know when men will stop acting as such ...
the 'god spot ' is missing in the lives of many people .
i wanted to find out if anyone else is in love .
well , i suppose it is because god created you that way .
try not smelling so much like a guy .
do not break up with him but do not call him either .
female chimpanzees do not experience orgasm .
i would like to have sex with you .
i delivered a child six months ago .
it 's for the simple reason that men love women .
you never stated that you had everything , and he had nothing .
is there any real good answer ?
it 's not as if he going to leave anywhere soon .
my husband and i watch adult movies together .
men are a bit less than respectable .
after three months , is he serious ?
if you hear these unfortunate words , immediately back off .
he came and spoke to me in both of my dreams .
i am a man and i can say honestly that i find pornography disgusting .
take your time and do not do the pornographic tongue flick .
he is basically saying that it is tough being me .
you are very attentive tonight , is sex the only thing you think about ?
i did not enjoy having my heart broken .
run , wave your hands , and scream at the same time .
no gentleman wants a loose woman .
apologize to him and relay that you though he was supposed to call you .
i am well read , but not handsome .
do you find yourself more attracted to women than men ?
the ones who do that are subhuman .
one should learn from his mistakes and not hurt his girlfriend .
it is always nice to enjoy a spa day .
do you think that she would leave her husband ?
just close your eyes and try it .
a necklace that has a heart charm on it .
next time you look for your future wife , be safe and be yourself .
let yvan tell him .
they can use a timer .
give her nice compliments .
but there are guys , and they are usually very attractive .
whomever said `` yes '' is very wrong , that is not right .
yes , if they really have true love .
did n't i tell you i took them all and turned them into lesbians >
yes , but it will hurt you , so pick one .
once i knew for certain , i told him and he proposed .
would you say that you are still attracted to him and like him ?
keep the policy of `` do not ask/do not tell '' .
the best thing would be to ask about what is wrong .
perhaps what you desire most is what you do not have .
christmas is not about giving and receiving gifts .
if that does not work then he is immature .
i have heard that losing virginity is not enjoyable .
my daughter still speaks of how he treated me .
it may seem mean , however she deservs it if she is committing infidelity .
men either do or they do not .
she is not telling you something that might harm you .
one day i will leave you .
if they do not mind , why should you ?
i think it is ugly and disgusting .
everyone has their own way of doing things .
you can always learn more about them , then do things they like .
normally it makes things worse if you beat , please do n't do it .
i have a lot of great friends .
he knows he is not the father .
the brain is a woman 's most erogenous zone .
because they are afraid of their own sexuality .
do not say that they really do make her look fat .
intelligence matters because laughter can only get you so far .
however , do not kill her ; that is not a good idea .
find out how old he/she is .
she acts proper , but she gives good sex .
do you want to date this girl ?
what do you do on a date ?
if you love him , do n't mess up his house .
my friend , please do not give her a poem .
i could not imagine not being married , however everyboy imagines life differently .
i wish you good luck with the great danes .
i would not give it to her .
why would any woman want that ?
the way you are speaking if offensive .
please complete the task as many times as possible .
i want to call my mother to share some exciting news .
you can choose your own path in life .
we have decided to go with someone more qualified .
will i allow you to go deeper ?
in addition , women have many more horomones than men .
ask her on a date .
how do i deal with this ?
by the way , i am not saying art students are not decent .
before i was 19 , i lost my virginity to my wife .
yes , it would depend on who the man and them woman are .
pay her , and then return to your home with your wife .
does he have drool dripping out of his mouth when he stares ?
a dinner at her favorite place .
try acting like you are sexy , and then you will be sexy .
maybe he wants you to ask him out .
it would be alright for barbie !
then use that answer to base your next bit of chat on .
you could ask her , or catch her in the crime .
it was a very funny dream .
perhaps he wants you to ask him on a date .
barbie would accept it .
you can question her or wait until she breaks the law .
the dream was hilarious .
i could have gone the rest of my life without seeing her again .
i was asked out by a man yesterday , and i said yes .
i would like to have sex with you .
how do i end the relationship with the other guy without hurting his feelings ?
yes , i hope you will have a happy new year .
bring a case against him in small claims court .
if it is big , should i just try ?
i hope your wife will read this online .
i would just break up with her because what she did was wrong .
but , does not know that i am dating someone else .
it is difficult to find the perfect person , male or female .
you have to let things go every so often .
begging for female companions on the internet makes you look pathetic .
if you knew this man you would not let him move in with you .
sounds to me that you are in a casual relationship .
good looking people can have ugly personalities .
you might enjoy it as well if you give it a chance .
do women use this to enlarge their breasts ?
they shot you down .
i have never kissed a man .
pigs are the only other animals that enjoy having sex for pleasure only .
speak highly about he or she .
hopefully i am incorrect , but i dont ' believe i am .
make sure about that before you start digging .
can you see if your male friends have friends that are also single ?
i was curious and agree with your responses .
when you determine the answer , please send me one .
if you do n't solve the problem it will come to your .
feel free to engage in the activity whenever you like .
you should remember to be a gentleman because chivalry is not dead as yet .
i think that dating older guys should not be an issue .
sometimes , you get lucky and someone tells .
try asking yourself if you love men .
you get to know him and you learn everything about him .
i can not stand to look at my reflection .
women : do you , or would you , and why or why not ?
ask him , and then come onto him first .
that is my opinion anyway .
i promise you that they are out there .
how about saying , `` hey , i need more sex ! ''
you have to turn them on first , then everything will be turned on .
if anything is wrong , you can always turn it into a joke .
if not , then your first time should not be bad .
best of luck , sincerely , ice princess . ps :
a straight female , open-minded , a mother , sexually active , and intelligent !
he wants you for sex and nothing else .
i would like to have sex with you .
hello , did you happened to view ________ on television last night ?
you may need more practice if you are still confused .
i am looking for a man that is going to ...
they wished to see her full lip on or around there !
we both had possessions that the other did not .
he always leaves without telling her that he is leaving .
or just ask him to be up front with you .
if she has feelings for you , then what are you waiting for ?
women do not see 38 year old me as old .
if they want to see you , then do it .
it is not a big deal .
maybe she likes you a little too much ?
it 'll be difficult , but leave .
he would call me next , and so forth .
stay off that terrible drug !
be confident , but not self absorbed .
it sounds as if they 're busy with their own lives .
i 'm not sure what i should say .
the majority of us are quite similar .
your wife will be speechless .
my wife did the same thing .
they say it does n't matter but it does !
there is a list that may be of assistance at weddingxhannel.com
she states her desire to engage in sexual acts with you .
i am aware of heterosexual people who have also had them .
she says , `` i want to have sex with you . ''
let him go , search for a good man .
by now , you should be in a different spot in your relationship .
i have many men friends .
do you plan to try to stop loving her ?
she is setting the pace .
although some men are different , i can only speak for myself .
because if you get married he will just hide it , not stop .
so , such as a horse penis transplant .
a leopard can not change it 's spot .
give her time . when she is comfortable , she will do it .
what you are tangled in does not feel good , does it ?
maybe you should call to set up the appointment .
that is there so you are aware of what to scream .
i would not do it if i were you .
typically , the male species does not care .
i am not shallow .
tell them that it is not nice what they did .
you are old enough to determine if you love this person .
i dated someone at work and it was awkward .
you do not know until you ask .
when you are doubtful , take it out .
some women think it is disgusting . however , if i was your partner ...
because you are more put-together and clean looking .
show her what she is missing .
i apologize for giving you herpes is an excellent start .
if he has a girl , you should let it go .
however , there are some good men out there .
that is what happened to me .
your co-worker ... one who is up to date as much as you are .
well honestly , i think you should be 15 .
yes , but only pictures of my boyfriend .
they do not want a free ticket to the usa .
if you do not believe me , talk to a mind expert .
you will be compensated for taking a vacation somewhere nice and romantic .
yes , i am in love , and i will be forever .
take her to see a movie if that is what she desires .
a post nuptial is something you do after you are married .
if you ignore him once in a while he might re-evaluate his decision .
i do not think a woman would date a gay man .
men frequently compare themselves to each other .
a best friend feels like having a sister .
she will be very attached to you .
it is okay for you to ask him out .
virgins perform oral sex on men .
a best friend is like a sister .
she will be all over you , like odor on feces .
even the virgins go down on guys .
men say they shower all the time .
we do not always use our mind to think .
is she just a trophy wife ?
how do i give a gift for my husband of seven years ?
you must only do that if it is what she desires as well .
i have feelings for kim chee and ka go ge .
i am going to watch `` monty python and the holy grail . ''
and he needs to tell her that he finds her sexually attractive .
second , do you feel like you two have known each other forever ?
not ever man acts like a child .
he will be more honest with you than he has with other girls .
your heart will lead you in the right direction .
but , not all men act like babies .
he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
you 'll know in your hear if it feels right .
it does not matter whether the woman admits to liking you or not .
that is because you are all so good at it .
i do not think that he would ever be able to use it .
never settle for anything and always believe that tomorrow is another day !
for a relationship to work well , you need to be honest .
come on , you can do better than that .
be warned ; do not try to fake an interest .
as the other member stated previously , she 's not .
you should wear it around the base snugly .
i have a male friend , with a girlfriend with issues .
you should n't force her to do anything .
if you do not look for him , he will come to you .
do not take this literally because this is only my opinion .
she is probably playing hard to get .
that 's because people are quite dense and in love .
so you allowed him to do watever he wanted .
if you two have been together for that period of time mother probably knows .
there are plenty of fish in the sea .
i 'm unsure if i see it differently .
a pet , child , and relationship were three things most important to me .
things could have been worse if you chose not to fight .
most of my friends are male because i do n't get along with females .
will they listen to their teachers the same way they listen to you ?
i do n't decisions i make now to have an effect later on .
maybe , you tell the person that you have strong feelings for them .
it worked when i allowed a man to do it to me .
men trade emotional attachment for sexual favors .
why can you not have a fresh start on a new life ?
and you do not believe your question is ridiculous ?
there may be many reasons why my father does not come home as often .
you should move on to another woman .
you should speak with him . my boyfriend and i conversate constantly .
if you 're with three currently , why not continue ?
if you attempt to meet up with him . definitely bring friends .
that is the most stupid question i have ever heard .
it is only because of the thinking , nothing else .
because your friend is smarter than you .
it sounds to me like he is trying to control you bit too much .
if you do not want to do it , then do n't bother .
i am used to it by now .
it turns them on , as they are human beings .
you never know if the guy may be lying .
i can not believe that girls can be this skeptical .
sir , it might be two things .
for a girl , it is natural .
what a coincidence , i just dealt with that !
i replied that i was not dating anyone , when he questioned me .
perhaps she 's viewed you ogling at women ?
as long as you continue to gather numbers , you 're doing well .
i work with men mainly .
in addition to being extremely wealthy .
whether she is clothed or not , always reassure her she is beautiful .
similar to school with tv 's to watch games .
thank you for your responses .
i am positive that she will love it .
i am married and i have had this problem before .
let us see , can women ?
i believe you meant obsessed , correct ?
some of them both wo n't hurt .
you should inform your mother .
i was with my paramour .
did i mention how close we 're both becoming ?
just as men are not , women are not mindreaders either .
on average , once or twice a week is when most people have it .
he would be understanding because he is your best friend .
i believe the only anser is the best answer .
if she appreciates art , then take her to a museum or gallery .
nobody belongs to anybody until he or she is married .
that is my advice , and i hope it helps .
port is considered a relationship breaker and will not help .
one unfaithful , always unfaithful .
you just have not earned it yet dear .
yes , some women do not like it .
do not always dress like a guy .
it is good that you have high self-esteem .
you must demonstate to her that you care .
i estimate that i found him a minimum of five times .
in the first instance , what do you assess your probability of success .
i will you a speedy recovery , c. fluellen .
you have got to show her that you care .
i would bet that i found him at least five times .
well , first of all , what are your chances ?
i pray that you get well c. fluellen .
it feels so great , but sometimes it hurts a lot .
the best adjective you could come up with would be `` adulterer . ''
disicpline . remove their privileges . do not let them take advantage of you .
it feels wonderful but occasionally it can be quite painful .
the best you could think up would be `` adulterer '' .
if you were my girlfriend , i would be worried !
your father does n't like him so there will be not future with him .
should i notify her or leave it in the past ?
some people have it coming to them .
do men consider sexual realtions that much more often than women do ?
i would inform her as soon as possible .
to ease your mind , you need to speak with her .
she may be receptive if you try speaking with her .
even more so if she is out with her peers having a good time .
i apologize for our cultural differences , i did n't mean to offend you .
what if he were to leave his wife and family for you ?
if not , and they are not going to marry you , then no .
perhaps you should just let him smoke weed .
i can not find my puppy ; could you help me find him ?
he is not only a creep , but he is stupid too .
a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
he 's not only a creep but he is n't very smart as well .
you should know , that you have a friend in the united states .
he was not aware it was me , until i told him it was .
do not be in a hurry to settle down .
thank god for brave women like us .
comfort them instead of anoying them or driving them crazy like last time .
austin , texas should be a good place .
of course , it depends on the girl .
they start at about 10 dollars .
a ) flirting , proving to himself that he is still desirable .
he wants to raise the baby as it was his own child .
as her why she behaves as she does .
please give me advice on how i can move on from him .
but , i know someone back in my country .
it 's been miserable , but i stayed because i thought i had to .
tell your parents that he 's a friend .
if you would n't do it , then she should n't do it .
then , think for what it is ?
but , i know a person who still lives in my home country .
it has been miserable , but i stayed because i thought i had to .
tell your parents he is a friend .
if you would not do it , then she should not do it either .
then what do you think it is ?
i prefer well built , nice biceps .
girls love that , and more . appreciate the directness .
i like a well-developed body with nice biceps .
women like men who are more direct .
i wonder if guys like women who wear thongs because i wear them .
because , that is what women are for .
you should run , do n't walk , and do n't look back .
i learned as a result of instruction from you over many years .
the measurements 36-24-26 used to be considered ideal so you are not far off .
being direct may be difficult but it gets the message out .
they are all my friends since i do not have an enemy .
i need a woman who is open to having sex .
but , i have very strong feelings for both of them .
a weird person in bed .
you should let the guy say it to you first .
leave it alone ; do not rush things .
when she has sex with you and then does not want to leave .
you know you can not see yourself with anyone else but him or her .
i think it would be on a black man .
you know that is true , girls .
describe your time in bed and see what you are doing .
i think at first i would be a little jealous .
i had always insisted that we were only friends .
then wait to see what he says .
learn to not talk like a guy .
it is alright if you are fifteen and he is seventeen .
do not beat yourself up over that .
i do not know , but it is fine with me .
i can not think about another girl .
give someone a second chance , but never give them a third .
take as much time as you need to decide if you really love him/her .
it just turns them on .
is n't your boyfriend , your boyfriend , for a reason ?
you can either lend them money or date them .
see if you can keep pace with us !
females enjoy emotional men , not homosexual men , there is a difference .
that is a dumb question .
that stresses me further !
no , if you 're unattractive . yes , if you 're attractive .
a little sex , but that 's all .
listen to what type of excuse he invents .
the hard truth is that you ca n't .
no , you might be letting the man or woman of your life go .
if it was me you were having dreams about .
if you love her , then get some assistance .
because , that is what it consists of .
ususally , they will tell on themselves .
ask her to go out for a coffee or something .
what if i had married him , and then moved in with him ?
if you have to ask , do not ask .
i think that it would depend on what the girl likes .
i would say do not do it .
i do n't want to lose him .
woman have suicidal thoughts when they can not get past a relationship .
be a gentleman , talk about nice subjects .
how can i get him to stop ?
he either feels the same way , or he does not .
i am a sci-fi/anime nerd , so now you know why i ask .
can i get some mens ' perspectives too ?
what kind of flowers do you like ?
if they ask you the reason why then tell them the truth .
take him to your local church building .
why did you even inquire about this ?
speak to your mother and father .
good luck in looking for the best answer !
good luck in looking for the correct answer , ice princess p.s .
do n't give up , you will find them .
how does one act as if he is in love ?
do not flirt because it only causes problems and makes you look bad .
tell her in your own natural words .
attempt to spice things up .
because it is just flirting , do not have expectations .
knock him out by punching him in the face .
can you suggest any websites that may have that information ?
the movies are quite impressive .
i wish you much success .
you should call that person .
she will stay if she loves you .
it will feel similar to butterfly wings fluttering in your stomach .
no , you 're not supposed to search for him .
you need to ask yourself , if you ever been like this before ?
no need to keep searching , that 's actually normal .
i have one that i love , does that count .
i do not really think that you can .
there are many reasons that are no good for a person that gets hurt .
it was only something that you ate .
yes , they are attractive though .
she/he comes up with nothing , even though he/she has two accounts with them .
fiance is a man or woman engaged to be married .
anyways , one way or another , you will come to regret your decision .
and then deny me the opportunity to experience that talent ?
this sounds like one person likes the other to me .
you still have time to enter into a relationship .
it is preferrable for you to end it immediately .
if he will not respond , you should step and spy .
simply tell her that she will always be a good friend , and continue .
if you love someone and are old enough to wed , you should propose .
do not become involved in a relationship immediately after you end one .
why am i asking this many questions ?
when he is offline , she constantly says she misses him .
do not try to be someone who you are not .
it feels fantastic to be in love . it can also hurt sometimes .
yes , all women are sexy , some in different ways .
he only had to give you pillow talk .
( at least , a daily phone call . )
she said that she would like to be friends .
it seems like you may not perform as well as the men out there .
make a decision , he may surprise you .
i have never cheated , it is beyond my character to do so .
boys are about one year behind of girls on maturity levels
they think i behave like an angel .
your preference should be a woman , not a girl .
i do not know how a person could develop a disgusting fetish like that .
i believe in being honest while not being accusatory .
if he loves you , you should take care of him sexually .
i am an american man with white colored skin .
stop typing and go get his attention .
you can not because they are all taken .
do not tell him you love him .
you but , but if you are obsessed about him you should seek therapy .
i do believe in love at first sight .
stop typing , and go yell at him !
you ca n't , they are all taken .
do n't tell him that you love him .
yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
my answer is no .
they have been married for thirty-eight years .
you deserve someone trustworthy and faithful .
we would prefer someone more mature .
it is wise to keep your personal life separate from work .
you should marry and start a family right away .
then he would call me only to talk , he never asked me out .
my boyfriend gets angry with me because i do n't call him .
when you really want to be with someone you will find him quickly .
if you are interested , just ask him .
yes , and you will need counciling .
you should question weather it is possible for you to do .
this is similar to the differences between democrats and republicans .
you should inform him that it is ending , but continue having sex .
this is the polar opposite of what men do .
yes , you guys are going to need to have some counseling .
so , ask yourself , `` can i do this ? `` .
sort of like the difference between the democrats and the republicans .
tell him that it is over , but still do not stop the sex .
it is exactly the opposite of what men can give .
move on , and do not take her with you .
i believe that it is more of a commitment opportunity .
it is because men do not have the pain tolerance that most women do .
it is me , if you like him too .
a woman that i attended high school with had one .
why are you asking him to marry you ?
the two of you are not doing yourselves any favors .
an attractive outfit of jeans and a shirt will be great .
i am returning your question to you .
check to see if it is in your address book .
why are you asking him to marry you ?
but , a nice outfit with jeans and a shirt is nice .
i 'm giving you back your question .
see if it is in your address book .
i have heard that some have the ability to be nine inches in diameter .
girls are more attractive if they have long hair .
homosexual people are not the only people who can be shallow .
enjoy the icecream while you are able .
there are men waiting for you .
women would like their boyfriends to be romantic and fun .
he is likely just irritated because you always ask .
search google for cruzy and you will see my point .
enjoy icecream while you can .
there are guys waiting for you .
women like their boyfriends to be fun and romantic .
he 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
google the keyword `` cruzy , '' and see what i mean .
i am sure she wo n't mind if you wait .
if you always say yes to her , she will be satisfied .
i just want to know how other couples are doing .
let him have your body for 45 minutes for nothing .
my only problem is that i did n't do it sooner .
the shorter they are the better they look .
you will get the response now .
you may go to your friend ’ s house instead .
perhaps , there is an emptiness in your life .
simply keep going until you are finished .
no . you get a nasal drip if you snort it .
slipknot is no good . korn is original and good .
i am eager , as well , to see the answers .
try to pick your game up a little bit if it is costing you .
it is impolite to cut anyone off , period . it is rude .
if you are eight , it is not okay .
do you think you are good looking ?
are all the male counterparts here this way ?
all my male peers like them also .
as long as you know what you are doing , it is okay .
i still want to be treated as an equal .
i do not understand how that is a question ; it is a statement .
well if the police are involved then she does not like you !
i would like to sleep with him now .
consider doing this with your conversation .
it will not work if you do not .
you will have to first tell us what exactly it is you want .
i apologize , girl , i truly wish i knew the answer as well .
this would depend on the age of the girl .
no , you should not do this , it is bad .
coming from a mans perspective , i would say no .
you can not control it or search for it .
i think you should live on and let her live on as well .
was she really your sister or was she your best friend .
i can guarantee that he speaks poorly of you when talking to hims roommat .
please answer all of these questions : 1 ) does she flirt ?
you should confess to her that you feel that way .
i would say flowers - normally roses - and a box of candy .
by the way , mine is green !
some states to not , but the county within the state does .
so confess to her that you feel this way .
flowers , normally roses , and a box of candy .
by the way , mine is green .
i wait until i feel like i can understand my woman .
i still am in love and i always will be .
i wear thongs as well , and i know that men like them .
if you both enjoy it equally , then why stop ?
why are you involving yourself ?
try something different , perhaps that will spark the attraction again .
perhaps you should concentrate on picturing her as a pet ?
with that awful type of thinking , i do n't believe you deserve anybody .
start with a nice lunch then head out for a romantic walk .
why do you feel that way ? was your first one lost as well ?
that may end up being a very positive developemnt .
your girlfriend should also keep her eyes wide open .
lunch , and then go for a walk .
she is just tripping because she does n't have it like that .
why , did you lose your first one ?
which may be a good thing .
men who cheat on you are likely to do it again .
i believe that sad people stay in relationships .
does he love you ? if not , do not go after him .
do you flirt with women or look at women ?
that is true , but it is up to you .
you can do anything that you would like without receiving criticism from others .
if my boyfriend was not 700 miles away right now , it would not .
or else she has mental health issues and should see a therapist .
and you should apologize for being absent that day .
this is the only experience that is close to what heaven feels like .
if you are grounded about the situation , then everything should be fine .
talk to them about the weather .
if does n't ask you , then he is n't interested .
if you just showered it should n't be a big deal .
it is the only experience that is closest to heaven , i guess .
talk about the weather , ha ha ha .
if he is n't asking , he does n't want it !
if all you did was shower , it is not a big deal .
if you do not , there is a reason why you do no .
if he is incarcerated , maybe you should reconsider your relationship .
otherwise , he may have ulterior motives behind the love he proclaims .
introduce yourself , small talk , then ask if they 'd like to out .
i ca n't get a date ever .
i continue to be in love with her .
after fighting , love will end up being much deeper .
i 've seen him during gym .
learn how to dance , but not only how to dance provocatively .
if so , then give the man a chance .
love , passion , heat , and fire are needed in the bedroom .
good luck to the both of us .
get a copy of both playboy and playgirl magazines .
no judgment of either good or bad can be made .
her friends also approve of me and even adore me .
you should move on and find someone else .
i have the same ideology as you .
be accompanied by plenty of females , but do not stick to them .
do not spend it because you are either depressed or hiding .
i wonder if she likes you .
if you do not know anything then jokes get boring quickly .
if you want a long term relationship , i am not interested .
you love this person , however your parents do not .
if you do n't know anything , jokes get boring really quickly .
if you want a longterm relationship , no way .
you love this person in a way your parents do n't .
if you want to die , no matter how you slice it .
for me personally , it releases a lot of stress .
he would have gotten a divorce if he really cared about you .
you would call the psychic friends network .
you should n't stop just because you 're frightened .
if you both agreed to take time off , it was n't cheating .
if he 's popular , most likely he already has a girlfriend .
you need to get over your fear , discipline your pet .
do not let fear overtake you .
you broke up with him when it happened .
he may or may not have a girlfriend .
if you want him to join in .
or , is it true that what comes around , goes around ?
if they say that they do mind , then , you can fix it .
saves loads of trouble , which could come later !
because , my place is a dump !
if you would like him to join in , then . . .
could it be true that karma does exist ?
if they are upset , then you can make amends .
this could help to avoid future problems .
my place is substandard .
but that does not mean that you ca n't still be nice .
plan a place to go and be fun .
it is just like any other request , it 's your decision !
you need to run quickly away from him and his family .
on the other hand , popular guys do n't have many attributes that last .
you are n't , if you even have to ask .
you should read the book `` he 's just not that into you . ''
you need to get away from him and his family .
on the other hand , popular guys are n't always popular .
you probably are n't if you have to ask .
i believe women will appreciate that .
i was n't very intelligent at that time .
ask yourself a question : would you like to have that knowledge ?
afterwards , we should go dancing and then go back home for some dessert .
i am in love with a wonderful man and i love my beautiful children .
he does n't seem to care about you enough .
sex addiction is similar to any other addiction .
if he truly loves you , he 'd act like it .
quickly . i need some suggestions .
you have a wife , and you cheated on her with a man ?
smile at her but not so much that you frighten her .
the bottom line is that both of you should have fun .
the only answer is that they have found something better .
are you cleaning up after two untidy people ?
deep down inside , do women , think like men ?
if not , try to move on .
relationships are always stronger when you have a strong friendship before dating .
you should attempt to talk with other people .
in a sense , obsessively following you at your work and other places .
many men are praying for you .
if they do n't end up fighting , do n't concern yourself .
you did it for the free kimchi , correct ?
have you ever considered if she felt the same ?
you should n't try , let it occur naturally .
i like vibrators more than men currently , they do n't speak about .
you should stop seeing him immediately .
you should ask yourself , why do you love him ?
most likely it means he likes you .
oh well , i do not think so .
i would like to have sex with you .
she might think it 's cute that he is shy .
sour punch straws , hershey 's chocolate , reese 's , and dairy milk
this is the day the lord made for you !
should n't he have room for his girlfriend ?
if you do find out , please let me know !
can i call him a good friend when i speak about him ?
people fear what they do not understand , you know ?
should he not have room or time for his girlfriend ?
if you find out , please advise me .
can i refer to him as a good friend when i speak about him ?
people fear what they do not understand , as you know .
invite him to lunch soon .
try to make your mother believe you broke up .
i would ask her , then explain why .
how well do you know the man you are in a relationship with ?
why yes , there is , and he is me .
there is nothing that disgusts me more than looking at my reflection/
maybe he would like for you to ask him .
i take women out there and they seem to enjoy themselves .
it makes no matter how adult you are about it .
i do n't believe he takes me seriously .
that would be wonderful if you 've decided not to marry .
perhaps you should pray about it ?
i assumed i had this understood an here i am now !
try to spell it out with your tongue .
if it makes you feel good do it !
nothing is comparable to living on your own .
one word , viagra , slip him some .
`` yes '' and `` no '' have clear meanings , correct ?
she and her sister received whatever they wanted due to their parents being wealthy .
walk away and wish him well if he tells you no .
i wish i did not get tired on the weekends .
you do not have to control him as much as you do .
do people not take there vows seriously anymore ?
just do what will make you happy .
i 've been with my husband for 13 years .
you can make this work . good luck !
baby do n't hurt me , do n't hurt me , anymore .
like , is it ok if it 's innocent ?
i have been married to my husband for 13 years .
you are able to make this successful . good luck !
baby , do not hurt me , do not hurt me , any longer .
is it okay , if it is meant innocently ?
i miss her a lot as well .
young lady , you should leave him and find someone more worthy .
you could let your husband discover you having inappropriate relations with your girlfriend .
i miss her a lot too .
move on girl , and go find a real man .
allow your husband to walk in on you and your girlfriend have oral sex .
would you take the first step to see if we will make it forever ?
yes , they are together and will probably be that way for a while .
if you love him work it out .
let her go and move on .
never look back on things like that unless it is to learn from mistakes .
i like fat women , i do not like anorexic skinny women !
i love to run , swim , and eat chocolate !
get to know the ones you like .
does he know the girl very well , or not ?
also , pick something you both like .
go by , it will fall apart .
could you help me by providing tips to obtain this girl .
do you believe that your boyfriend is unfaithful to you ?
she waited a year and then told her about our relationship .
please leave them alone because they will be offended by your ego .
that is the best thing that guys notice about girls .
sometimes the guys forget that i am still a girl .
friends stand by each other no matter what happens .
you are a convenience to him and nothing more than that .
women love being told that they are pretty !
i am not saying with other women but definitely with you .
in some cases , if you wait too long you lose out .
the reason is that it 's easier to obtain a correction .
i do n't know whether he if fond of me , however .
tell him that it makes you excited .
ninety percent of my best friends are male .
guys like girls that do not play games or leave them guessing .
hold hands , kiss , deeper kiss , and there you are .
please note that this has to take less than ten seconds .
i hope it does not rule us out .
trust me , i am an expert on this .
i do not think those shoes go with that outfit ; i am gay .
it may be a while if you can not fart around him .
do you any idea why my boyfriend watches pornography ?
the solution is to keep asking him until he opens up and talks .
god definitely has to come first .
most women can only please one man at one time .
i am speaking with you currently .
she do it with everyone .
be careful but tell her .
do not sweat it , my mom is nice .
tell your kids to pick up their stuff .
here 's a good hint !
is it hot in here or are you just hot ?
even if they are not thinking , it does gel .
sappy version at one , and geek version at two .
not if you just met this guy .
a kind that only you can know and love .
if not , then it probably means nothing .
get on your knees and take care of him .
soppy version at one and geek version at two .
not if you have just met this man .
if not , then it probably means nothing .
get on your knees and pleasure him .
or , just bend over a lot in front of him .
mostly all the people i know are n't genuine !
i do . i think it 's cute .
she is obsessed , and that is a big problem .
why in the freaking hell would you do that ?
make the one that is right for you .
a majority of the people i know are fake in some way .
i do think it is cute .
it is a problem that she has an overwhelming infatuation and obsession .
create something that fits your interests .
why does he feel the need to cheat if he loves you ?
just be yourself and have a good sense of humor !
yes , i believe in love at first sight and i will never compromise !
when you feel weak in the knees , you will know ... trust me !
i would like my girl to be petite , sociable , witty and sweet .
i disagree with the thought that you greet her at a later point .
you have damaged the relationship with me and with our children .
i am of the view that it depends on the woman .
if you are getting too upset , pause the conversation .
girls and nerds alike are cute and look honest .
cheating on you once is a mistake but twice ?
my parents still do not know that i have had boyfriends .
two people want my attention .
well , first , take a deep breath .
she may want you to leave .
sometimes i see us walking on the beach .
your current situation is good .
first , you did not say how old you are .
many people who do not do drugs are nonethess unpleasant individuals .
acting that way does not display empathy .
i can not as her directly since we do not talk anymore .
i dislike it with a passion .
let him know if was just a fling .
it will absolutely keep you in her thoughts .
if they are residing with you , then of course the answer is yes .
venture out into the real world .
i definitely believe that there is a 'special someone ' for everyone !
try to be honest about your feelings .
can you just send it back as spam ?
are these the things you stay up thinking about ?
let him know that you like him .
it is necessary that you purchase that ?
the love of money is the root of all evil .
use a pencil to demonstrate where to put it .
wow . that is the hottest !
some people think that wads of cash make a life worthwhile .
mark with a pencil where each one will go .
women retain water and have periods ; men do not .
she might experience some difficulty in the beginning .
she 's not being fair to you if she follows through with that action .
we are not in college now !
not even you are perfect .
that does sound annoying , let us do it to her .
an adorable girl is crazy to not kiss a man .
put the truck in reverse a little bit .
do not forget about the one in puerto rico .
i have many male friends that i do not have feelings for .
if not , you will never know the outcome .
back up the truck a little .
just do n't forget about the one in puerto rico .
i have many guy friends that i do n't have feelings for .
if not , you 'll never know the outcome .
yes , it is cheating if he or she discovers it .
you will never be happy if you change your standards for a guy .
i am not sure how i feel about her .
i am pretty sure that you know what i mean .
you could take pictures and sell them .
it is best to just leave and not over-analyze the situation .
focus on the outcome that you desire .
if you truly do not care , do whatever you want .
be honest with him but if he becomes overly emotional , walk away .
why would you tell your mom that ?
are there any unknown numbers on the caller id ?
why are men unfaithful ?
in my experience most men are not to be trusted .
i need to make a decision . will you help me ?
it was not pleasant to be by myself on new year 's eve .
listen to what women say , but do n't be needy of their opinions .
do not think it is going to be all peaches and cream .
you should go and speak with her .
i have only met you in my imagination .
perpahs she will change her mind and befriend you .
remember that men do not want long conversations on these topics .
yes , and turn your back on her .
if you act like a virgin , your partner will do anything for you .
it seems we are not meant for each other .
i do not know any woman who would not be interested in this .
does he get a lot of hangups at his home ?
you will regret it in the future if you fail .
it is even better when you are in love with the person .
though it is comparable , they are not the same .
it is very easy and might even be fun .
items that nice , are often expensive .
that would be the greatest first date !
many are fathers , some are n't .
i believe he thinks the question is referring to him .
beforehand , you would have to take the first step .
i would be moderately suspicious if she spoke to her ex-partner every day .
there is a lot going on here .
another piece of advice is to wear a condom .
what should i do if the police are now involved ?
if you care for someone , there is no struggle . move on .
try in chat rooms , search for her friends to speak with .
i definitely would n't allow my fourteen year old daughter access to yahoo .
the majority of straight men like well endowed women .
what is the best way to lose a friend ?
if you love someone , please , tell them .
perhaps , you just do n't trust her , sir .
let her know you 'll be careful , but you 'd better be careful !
just in case i 'm going to see what answers you get .
just come out an tell him how you feel about it
i do n't really like him .
a married man an woman expressing love an reproducing is a beautiful thing .
will you two wed soon ?
they are incapable of suffering the pain .
actually , it is i who give the boys flowers .
just make sure you are still friends and enjoy !
just ask them if they notice anything different .
when you put that person in front of your needs and wants first .
what happened to make you and him split up ?
just tell them that you do not feel the same , nicely .
i do not really think so , but that is me .
remember , you will be living with this girl the rest of your life .
a sign of defense is if their eyes look to the side .
some men are arrogant .
some individuals marry because they feel it is the time to do so .
please answer `` yes '' or `` no . ''
wait patiently for the right man .
by normal , i mean on that is not only interested in sexual intercourse .
we fall , therefore , so we can learn to get back up .
he did n't invite her to accompany him to his family 's house .
now they have two more children . yes , he has changed .
you need to ask yourself , if he 's staying there to see them ?
if things go well , then ask him .
if things go smoothly , go ahead and ask him !
it is like being in your favorite place , surrounded with your favorite things .
we have a lot of tension , because we always get what we want .
i knew a guy who did exactly that .
does he or she often work on weekends or work late ?
sex is more fun than anything else , especially when done with an ex .
what is wrong with brown eyes and brown skin ?
try to look past her and act like she 's not even there .
it is the first time for both of us .
if she likes music , an ipod is a great choice .
you can instantly be killed if you inhale it through your nose .
let them come over so that they can meet you .
all of the men that have dark skin that i know do .
you created your bed , so now you must lie in it .
find her grandson , and then inquire about her .
additionally , you love him very much .
do not look in dance halls or places where parties occur .
yes , it is okay . age is just a number .
and , how much you love him .
this is your best friend , your lover , your mate for life !
do not go looking around clubs or things like that .
you should still listen to what it reveals and be cautious .
to answer your question - the description would be sexy as hell .
you need to adjust to it or suffer greatly from the loneliness .
the only response is to be bad !
i believe that you love him and much more so than you think .
i suggest that you wait as long as you can .
you should check out a gay bar in your area .
true love will find you in the end .
chances are that you like him if you keep thinking about him .
you should go after him if you both like each other .
some ladies are just too much to handle .
i guess the ladies can really wear some guys out .
tell me what you decided .
forget about him , go and get someone better .
i am experiencing lust in my body .
i feel intimidated and think i will be rejected or ridiculed .
i did n't mean it but i said i love you too .
if not , then at least you are still friends .
do you think about her all the time ?
that is begging for a present .
if in doubt , go eat at in ' n'out burger .
i understand what being insecure is about .
when that happens , you know that you love them .
you should make a promise to give him somehing .
you should give him an ultimatum - stop watching porn or lose you .
it 's only what you make of it .
it is because homosexual men understand women , while heterosexual men do not .
you can take her to dinner and talk about the movie afterwards .
there is this man that i am attracted to .
i am a male myself , i am aware of how we males think .
i would like to know , why do i look so attractive ?
you should also ask her what is is that feels good to her .
i am not shallow and i truly do love him .
anyway , that is how i act .
i see ... is there something you are hiding from her ?
please let me know once you have found out !
i advise you to move on !
i 'm not shallow , and i truly do love him .
well , anyway , it 's what i do .
are you not telling her something ?
when you find out , let me know !
my advice to you is to move on !
for example , girls do like nerdy smart looking confident guys .
just because mom says it , it does not mean it is true .
think of a different plan .
correct , i have a million social friends .
it 's not necessarily your fault .
it depends on whether you 're both married or single ?
never attempt anything that you ca n't live with tomorrow .
i have no clue as to why they act like that .
if you ask her kindly , she will accomplish what you ask of her .
if you keep us satisfied at home , will not run away .
have you had sexual relations with your boyfriend recently ?
please refrain from cutting you hair akin to a guy .
happiness does not always come from beauty .
in my opinion , sex is the one that even animals can do .
take care of your appearance , but d not obsess .
you do not , it just hits you in the back of the head .
if he is not , do not worry , there are others out there .
he does not want me to tell the father .
that is like asking if a guy likes oral sex .
sign up for the options that you believe you would prefer .
just be careful that you do not get wasted .
what age are his children ?
i would still be attracted to you even if it went past your shoulders .
take a few minutes and really get a good look down there .
perhaps not the ovaries but it would still hurt quite a bit .
i tend to do that to all of my male friends .
yes , men do think with small heads .
you ask her if she wants to go out .
so you 're a traditional man ?
it usually begins with a kiss . best of luck .
on kiss.com , that 's where i found my song .
i do not appreciate a dishonest woman .
i am exhausted in hearing those who use fear of commitment as an excuse .
i believe that it sounds like you have some very busy friends .
if not , then it is her loss , am i correct ?
i believe this , because that man would have looked very stupid .
but , if you need one word , generally i would select 'understanding . '
i love men , since that is the way god intended it to be .
then you seem to know what to do .
when a man sees you as a woman , you can not turn back .
everyone acts at their own pace .
there are very many attractive men out there .
either have her stope doing what she is doing , or get another girlfriend .
how should i approach the subject with him ?
in the first place , i do not regard you as my girlfriend .
have you been in a relationship for a long time ?
the product i used made my hair feel unclean and hard to manage .
if she is accepting gifts , please be careful .
if you do not take risks you may not succeed .
i 'm frightened to phone her , i 'm unsure what to state .
i 'm a man , so no .
you 'll be unable to get that man to adore you .
perhaps she has regrets , and now just realized what she has lost ?
how would you know if she lied if you never asked ?
just do it if it is a big deal .
there are no girls similar to me that i like to hang out with .
it sounds like you merely want a physical relationship .
being single has its perks .
who is more attractive ?
why did she call him instead of the other way around ?
do not criticize weed unless you smoked weed .
i have been waiting for him/her !
no , do not do it , he may become very upset and unreasonable .
if you only want to have some fun , then go for it .
good things come to those who will wait .
laughing i exclaim , `` it would be so much easier '' .
he is a great guy and loves her for the person she is .
he is an ex for a reason , correct ?
then think of something that has to deal with how to ask her out .
why are you thinking of him ?
i am in the same position , as my boyfriend lives in another state .
however , please do not take this for granted .
and if he is happy , you will be happy .
it feels good but it hurts a lot .
how come you do not watch it with him .
because you girls are attractive .
i do not have a best friend , though .
well , you can not get the other person out of your thoughts .
as usual , we will know more with time .
if you love him , and he loves you , then you will know .
put on a condom and go at it .
so hang out where those people go to hang out .
the stroy is sad beause they too will be dead .
he is hansome , smart , open-minded , and does not mind being himself .
if you intend to get married , it will be their child too .
take both of them to admire brokeback mountain .
pick her up , then take her to a park and have a picnic .
you are not with him anymore , so do n't bother .
i love you tends to mean `` let 's have sex now . ''
if you really think about it , half the world is shallow .
you need to consider the question , `` what if you get pregnant ? ''
because their lame behinds get a girlfriend , or two !
your are just passing the time while waiting for mr. right .
get married first to avoid any mistakes along the way .
some guys prefer more than one girlfriend .
they could go shopping with you though .
it 's because you smoke , and smokers are not worth loyalty .
has he personally met her ?
whatever you do , do not make the first move !
she is my sexy little kitten .
i would like to have a girlfriend .
i suppose you could say `` yes . ''
she can not do this . why ?
he reasoned that i could go out with johnny .
and if he dies like you , ask him out !
you should always have trust in your relationship .
do not listen to anyone around you .
you have to say it out loud or it may be difficult to understand .
pack up your things and leave , and never look back !
bad boy , bad boys , what you gon na do ?
it depends , does he love you back ?
i advise against attempting to change a person because it never works .
sex on the bed is extremely ordinary .
does this person make you daydream about your future together ?
i posted my response to your prior question , if you would read it .
i would not give her so many gifts .
purchase him some clothes or discuss the matter with him .
you need to be firm .
i am not sure he would be faithful to your relationship .
the man considers the physical contact as sex .
not all girls prefer a man who is rebellious .
let him know you still care about him !
i feel incredibly uneasy whenever he is around me . what should i do ?
i am here to help at no cost to you .
what kind of comments is she making ?
perhaps i did not think it a jungle .
do not trouble yourself , there are far better uses of your time .
eight hours is far too much time in a single day .
participate in some of the things you enjoyed before you got married .
and do not involve yourself .
once someone has exhibited dishonest behavior , it is difficult to regain that trust .
perhaps i will wait until he arrives ?
the two were not only friends , but also married to each other .
my friend , you will not keep an obese woman from her food .
a lot , if i am answering questions such as this one .
i have feelings for my best friend .
you will give your wife a special gift on your wedding night .
you are assuming that all girls are the same .
making love is having sex .
the importance lies not in the size but in its use .
i would like to have a conversation with you .
that individual has been a virgin for many years .
gold ear rings do not look attractive on many men .
i believe that you should .
you just hang out with her all of the time .
i always ask for suggestions at to our activities .
i want to be your best friend forever !
is she worth losing a friend over ?
people used to get married much younger than they do now .
do not try to get back together with him .
if it is a genuine feeling than you should act on it .
that is why dating comes before marriage . good luck !
he obviously does not care that much about me .
the best way is to catch him off guard .
i do n't know why , but i really like red-heads with freckles .
the man said it is somewhere near the anus .
i do not think that you are ready either .
i have not found a single girl who seems very intelligent .
i like all kinds of women .
discuss it with your wife .
they are both erotic and offensive .
he finds me more attractive when other people show an interest in me .
when you are in love you make love .
you should consider improving on other parts of your sexual encounters .
consider speaking with the woman regarding the subject in question prior to proceeding .
he has not given up on trying with you either .
wait for more time to pass to let the situation play out .
apparently , this is what i look for .
they might do something that will ruin their life !
i 'm afraid you 're going the wrong way .
is she really loves you shell do above an beyond what 's mentioned .
i already gave her 40 dollars .
you should start asking more often because you usually never do .
boyfriends are n't that great to begin with .
why would you engage in a relationship with him if you like his cousin ?
if you 're comfortable doing it , then i think you should .
that is when love will find you .
please call the police if she said you could be next .
eventually , she will balk and say , `` i give up ! ''
is it your job to protect them from their foolish behaviors ?
good luck ! , it will work out ! .
ask one of them out
i enjoy your friendship but not looking for anymore at this time
marrying a purple lady is no different
forgive kinna 's sins as god has forgiven your
i agree that not enough body fat can make your period late .
if you have sex , you only care about sex and not the person .
trust me , you will be happy at the conclusion .
if somebody is trying to kill you , get out !
you are also willing to go farther .
do n't worry , you are very attractive and you stand out .
you sound desperate for love !
most guys are not scared of girls .
i do n't know what else there is to say .
they are being honest , but not in the real sense .
how are babies created , and what are the risks of pregnancy .
either way , you will not know unless you ask .
so , did you have a sexual affair with her ?
it is because everyone likes to have sexual affairs .
obviously that person has some issues .
if you are hot , just wait ; if not , be more aggressive .
i saw you from a distance and thought i would at least say hi .
avoid getting deeply involved with someone significantly younger than you .
sitting at home alone with your thoughts can drive you crazy .
i am not a homosexual .
how did you find out that her photo was on an internet dating site ?
i do not think size matters at all when it comes to enjoyment .
if the man loves you it is the best situation .
some do have moral , and hope they have a chance of real love .
you should live who you truly love .
one time , she lied about having cancer in order to recieve attention .
i do not known if that can be proven .
i tried but i was n't sucessful .
wow , what are you , are you like in the second grade ?
i suppose you would n't care for that other girl very much either .
like you guys have to ability to read our minds .
`` yeah , '' never sounds like a good answer .
do not sleep with them any longer .
jungle fever is a slang term used for referencing interracial relationships .
show some skin or whatever you have to do .
if you are not , then we will wait , for a short time .
why did you ask me that ?
be as authentic as you were before .
in the beginning , the experience is not pleasant .
i love this particular girl a lot , but she does not know .
if you try hard you will have everything you want .
do you think a seven point five inch penis is large enough ?
you are a good person so i would n't marry any of them .
he has gotten over you be happy for him and focus on you .
it belongs to no one .
do not judge it before you try it .
you are all best friends now .
get medical help , you are acting like a stalker .
big , beautiful , and confident women are extremely sexy .
you already seem to know the guy .
is n't there something unusual that you know she wants ?
so my boyfriend got mad and never talked to him .
you will just know ; you will feel it .
i find it acceptable to date someone older than yourself .
it depends on the individual . some have a preference ; some like both .
this man seems to still be in love with his ex-wife .
try your hardest to win her affections back .
just do not try to talk to her .
it is more enjoyable this way , but it is not required .
are you sure you love her ?
in addition , we are both in our late twenties .
you are a good friend , but my feelings go beyond friendship .
they are sexually attractive and a turn-on !
your heart is telling you to go and confess to her !
i need a pill that will allow me to function longer !
if they do not believe in their own attractiveness .
not all women behave that way .
do n't try to persuade him again .
it will not hurt to ask them .
pretend you are a boy .
please do n't blame people to have affairs .
anyone that opens their eyes around him will see .
do it if you 're on a tight budget .
you have plenty of time , so do not rush into anything .
he is probably interested in you for the wrong reasons .
yes . i am in love . i love my children and grandchildren unconditionally .
you are his girlfriend , do you not think he will cheat on you ?
i could not have said it better .
i wonder what your age is ?
she talks more than ever about emotional things to you .
see the woman there ? she loves controlling them .
the brown eyed maiden said to be careful . men never truly grow up .
good luck , and try it at home .
cheat on him the same way he cheated on you .
that is funny . i think you might be .
there 's no need to rush into a physical relationship .
suggest that they relax and abandon their self-consciousness .
what do you mean by like ?
ask one of your friends to ask him and see what he says .
you can use things you find around the house to do this .
wait a minutes , you have got to be careful here .
no , there is nothing wrong with you .
and we get along well .
i do not know how to acquire one that is satisfactory to my needs .
why do you believe they are angry with you ?
i know women enjoy the company of gay men .
a blackjack dealer once told me .
i believe that men truly are from mars and we women are from venus .
i am thinking of getting a thong ; are they comfortable ?
you can find a woman anywhere , but is it really worth it ?
my friend , taylor , dated both of them briefly after we broke up .
these days , any outcome is possible .
you can tell if he teases you .
i recommend you tell him what you are thinking .
i 'd assume because most americans are downright lazy an stupid !
do n't date losers an cons .
stay at home cook a good meal and grab a dvd .
i 'm lucky to find a woman with both .
we kissed on our 1st date an things have been going great .
i would appreciate it if you would introduce me .
if you cooperate , you will benefit from the deal as well .
talking about controversial topics may not go well with certain people .
i am an only child and it can be lonely .
i am telling you this because i have read about it quite a lot .
i like a guy in my friend 's class .
grab him and give him a big kiss .
sure , if he would like it .
i have experienced it and it was horrible .
excitement in the bedroom is also great .
i would prefer not to .
just love her , too , if you like her .
try talking to her friends and see what she lieks .
if you hide it , it will end up hurting worse in the end .
`` hi , my name is kevin '' worked for me .
ask him if he would like to go to the movies with you saturday .
i thought it was just me , i guess not .
when you are an adult , or in love .
because you think you are very clever .
please , be sure to tell me if you get something nice .
if you know what i mean .
the thing guys want is a petite girl who is good at housework .
it is between the f spot and the h spot .
