0	hmmm , i 'm a guy suffering from verbal abuse from my wife .
0	you will have more friends that you want ... ; )
0	i need to know what 2 do
0	love me love me oh dear god love me !
0	it wouldnt be a word , it would be me singing operah .
0	i like my life with the exception of her yelling and cussing .
0	i know how that is .
0	does he have a fave sports team ?
0	no sista , i don tink so .
0	then kiss her ; ) works every time bro ! ! ! !
0	women mature way faster than men and some men never mature .
0	and ever since then i never bought her another gift .
0	and if you really want you can attend her classes with her .
0	you wont until you pick to be wealthy and powerful .
0	dont beg for love dont beg for money and dont beg for respect .
0	but you will definaltely know when you are in love !
0	just do n't base your relationship on money or material things .
0	if someone asked this : how can i get my boyfriend to notice me ?
0	i ca n't sign in at the chatroom
0	you just live with a friend , and i call that friend with rights .
0	i cant read his mind but sometime we just like to watch .
0	go to france and hear for yourself .
0	she knew my ex was married .
0	do n't care about what people say .
0	well good luck whatever you do .
0	if that does n't work try someone else .
0	tell him you are getting fired if he calls one more time
0	then a guy got involoved and changed everything !
0	try a different kind of girl .
0	this girl and i cross a few lines here and there .
0	if you really love him then yes .
0	i learned to love myself something i had never done before .
0	3_again do n't rush and use words ... talk ...
0	you should be playing with dolls
0	well ... do you talk to that someone much ?
0	all you got to do is ring her bell ! ! !
0	yes , well i guess it depends on the vows .
0	maybe you ` should be asking where are the stds in ks .
0	meaning that you do not need to make her as your enemy any more .
0	then ask her to the next school dance or maybe to see a movie ?
0	something going on with your friend or hers ?
0	i guess that depends on if her and her husband are swingers ...
0	just say that you just want to be friends for now .
0	because they 're just doing their job !
0	get out now while you can
0	personally , i think young guys ( over 25 ) are hot !
0	5 ' 135 lbs sounds about perfect to me .
0	oh , honey , please see a counselor !
0	if so , i would n't be surprised if he cheats again .
0	if went with her abviously he didnt care , its not all her fault .
0	you could try to check there 1st .
0	first off you got ta be nice to them and just wait on them .
0	do n't hide anything frm him.go ahead and talk to him .
0	the same things that you look for in a guy ...
0	do n't retaliate - you should n't drop to her level .
0	he will like anything u give him , if he really loves u ! !
0	i 'm a prude , so i 'm going to say marriage .
0	i , for one , am not like that .
0	just love them the way they are .
0	i married too many times for love..depends on how much money we are talking.lol
0	mad props to you dude.. very nicely done.. she 'll definitely love it .
0	his dad , meanwhile , is obsessing over this girl .
0	fisrt off , that is not a friend .
0	hope you can answer me !
0	my other friends agree with me as well .
0	please do n't go any further with this guy .
0	any ideas where i could go to meet them ?
0	if you really like her go with the group .
0	nine inch nails -- -closer the sexiest song on the entire planet
0	whatever they accuse you of they are doing it .
0	other than that , just be yourself !
0	do be funny and a little cocky .
0	just see it like that then forget about him or her .
0	women want a man who will never cheat on them .
0	something to look at or play with
0	my dress was long with a 15 foot train !
0	all you have to do is comunicate and be yourself and you will be happy
0	i got hurt pretty bad last time so it is just me .
0	call him & talk to him about it .
0	just tell them you love them very much
0	it would have to be someone that i know .
0	now do n't let the other person read it .
0	it 's not as bad as everyone makes it sound .
0	sleep with em , you will like each other better
0	and you prolly shouldnt have a gf
0	maybe you can relive that , then kick it up a notch .
0	being in love does n't hurt at all , losing love does though .
0	my bbf had many reasons why she did n't like my b/f .
0	get together with your friends and have fun ! ! ! ! !
0	the best way to do something like this is to just say it .
0	someone who can take care of us in the long run men are big babies
0	there for you guys just do n't notice that we poop !
0	i only can speak for my self , i 'm a fun-loving guy .
0	think about what you want from a wife
0	so maybe you should try it .
0	you can find ppl online , or where you live .
0	get it out in the open baby ! !
0	try craigslist.com they have tons of chat rooms for seattle
0	that is nonthreatining and she maybe shier that you know !
0	- good listener - a good friend wo n't hurt your feelings .
0	if he 's a good guy , who cares about his color ?
0	i dont konw if it is possible .
0	no different between ages if the mind is near to eachother
0	gim me a hand here girls ; plz .
0	hope you like my ideas !
0	sms if you still ca n't contact , 5 .
0	if u like him ask him out and spend more time with him
0	but trust your inner voice and do what you feel you have to !
0	show up on her doorstep and be like listen here bitch !
0	you give me power , you give me reason so will you love me ?
0	plus its not only the age thing hes white and im blk .
0	there 's more to love than saying i love you .
0	that is just my gut feeling .
0	you give me power , you give me reason so will you love me ?
0	plus its not only the age thing hes white and im blk .
0	there 's more to love than saying i love you .
0	what do you do if *i* love a girl on the internet ?
0	that is just my gut feeling .
0	no , i always end up with lumberjack !
0	its becuase they love each other .
0	maybe if you knew how he broke up with his daughters mother .
0	should i trust this jerk or leave him ?
0	why buy the cow if the milk is free ! ! !
0	no , your are no a nice person to be with ... .
0	so it be first time or the 100 time use protection !
0	ps- look at my question , i posted i need help , too .
0	mature men could care less if their girlfriends are virgins or not .
0	he has a baby.. let him work things out with his woman .
0	im kinda stuck in the middle !
0	he has a baby.. let him work things out with his woman .
0	first off ... how is it that he didnt have a choice ? ?
0	im kinda stuck in the middle !
0	that 's if you still care !
0	to me love is gotham city
0	my question is that , i am just cutting the girls away from me .
0	you aint inlove you just needed a friend
0	if she says u know i do then forget it
0	he was an extrovert and i the introvert .
0	but there is always the right person for you out there
0	u r in the right place right now .
0	i 'm a butt man myself , so shake it like a polaroid picture !
0	he was an extrovert and i the introvert .
0	but there is always the right person for you out there
0	u r in the right place right now .
0	im crazy but ive got ta leave u
0	and im assuming that you mean amarican .
0	i could be that she/he just want to have something , some fun or ...
0	( a tear came out of his eye when he said that . )
0	i think that men a more creative and i guess women too .
0	ask him and see what he says .
0	ask him if he likes you plain out .
0	she dont like nice usual guys and we cant lock her up in the house
0	oh no , no no it will not hurt you in that time .
0	keep your eyes open , but love him anyway .
0	a heady cocktail that girls find irresistible !
0	( i love your questions btw , give me more to answer , lol )
0	does she feel the same way ? ?
0	thats when your underwear gets sucked up by your crack
0	yeah , they can say it back , but those are only words .
0	i dont want to date anyone else ... should i just be patient ?
0	ask him ... .thats the best way but is there signs ?
0	i honestly do n't believe in chat-up lines - just be yourself .
0	listen to the xxx soundtrack # 10
0	why ca n't he just sit and hear me out .
0	if you fail , then ask her again and again and again .
0	he has to love it and want it to be worked on .
0	are you looking for bad girls or a nice girls ?
0	because the destiny of the human been is to ask until death !
0	and it might not be a bad idea to get some counselling .
0	he would really like it if you kissed him on his ... ..
0	because you do n't look that good .
0	dump her , she is probly useing u
0	you will make someone happy - for a whole day .
0	you would not like it one bit and probably blow a gasket over it .
0	do u hesitate to talk to them ?
0	you always want what you ca n't have .
0	but i 'm still in love with him .
0	loosen her up and then see what happens .
0	i looked at girls that i liked funny just to throw them off .
0	also balance , what is also sexy getting the rent payed .
0	it goes back to caveman days .
0	will a wink and some flirting help ?
0	cut off ties 100 % and out of sight , out of mind .
0	hangout with the girl for awhile ...
0	i 'm telling you -- they are out there !
0	to cherish them and love them forever .
0	sorry , but i do n't think she 'll be faithful
0	first of all why was the house a mess anyway ?
0	few weeks like about 3 or 4 but sometims it takes u months
0	a marriage proposal or a ring
0	good luck hope things work out for you
0	curious as to the type of guy turns a woman on .
0	just give ol ' mom a break and let her have her fun .
0	maybe she is not ready for something as big as marriage .
0	stay with girls your own age .
0	then ask her how her day is going .
0	just keep looking , it will happen .
0	i dont see what the big deal is .
0	you do n't know what a full figure woman is ?
0	maybe the sex just sucks , go look one up and ask them .
0	sounds like domestic violence to me .
0	i myself am not gay , i was just wondering what your imput is .
0	( i dont want to hurt their feelings ) thanks
0	a card that says merry christmas p.s .
0	he needs to earn ur trust and respect .
0	my last choice would be something like full length , thick , long pajamas .
0	people become mature at different ages , and some never do .
0	dont just get a easyer chick ; )
0	no problem if he likes you too !
0	call her later that day and then kiss her .
0	get the message dont call again !
0	who 's going to arrest ya for asking a dude out ?
0	do n't talk about work or boring stuff .
0	take her out to dinner or something
0	you know the things i mean -observe & learn & apply .
0	but when the getting is n't getting good anymore is it goodbye ?
0	or are you looking for someone else to make it that way for you .
0	and i wasnt sure if i was .
0	yes there is but you have to go through a couple bad ones first
0	you never happen to listen to them at all !
0	good luck with finding love if you have n't already ! ! ! !
0	hang out with girls more often or make some girlfriends .
0	pls do n't make it a cage .
0	if he is really trying to find one - no .
0	keep looking , the right one is n't gon na dump 'ya !
0	dont make her feel guilty over her answer either .
0	getting mad wo n't solve a thing .
0	its like rusian ruelette in the end you always lose !
0	if so do n't damn her for the same thing you would do .
0	what is he angry so about ?
0	do priests also fuck their altarboys ?
0	so , dont get too much that spoil ur life
0	hang out with friends eevry chance you get .
0	physical disabilities ( like someone who uses a wheelchair )
0	like wat is the rule towards that ?
0	did he get a girl in time ? ?
0	no , people make mistakes no matter if they are in love or not .
0	( and then cleaning the house too ! )
0	if you love children , and you love him ... its perfectly fine .
0	or maybe he 's just not ready to say he loves you back .
0	so what if he freaks out ... if he does that is .
0	we guys do not mind lesbians at all : )
0	well i will tell you my story of my ex-husband .
0	if hes is not smiling already just by looking at you ! !
0	1- wear short outfits only to him .
0	perfectly allright many girls hav asked me out
0	if you cant spend time with her and communicate theres no reason to pursue
0	most of the time it do 's not mean anything .
0	if you are then you like both men and wommen
0	you seem like your pushing the issue to much
0	i do n't have a problem with it .
0	if you do n't try you will always wonder what if good luck
0	have u ever had sex in the car ? ? ?
0	i 'm all for anyone being able to get married .
0	( no , i do n't mean dropping hints ) .
0	and older men just totally rock .
0	just make sure he uses a condom .
0	block all the porno sites so he cant look at it again .
0	lol you are a funny girl
0	i will marry for love but if both things come i 'll gladly take it
0	no ways men grave for sex women just loves it
0	i 've seen this in a movie .
0	no excuse not to have a job man .
0	who would want someone who treats you like shit .
0	because some want to get pregnant , some do n't
0	but love itself is feeling it and knowing you love somebody
0	try this search engine it might help
0	my wife has big boobs too !
0	if she wo n't listen , then let her be .
0	so far it has worked out really well : )
0	cause woman give alot of explaination for everything and repeat 10000.. times
0	this is just way over the hill !
0	those kind of people are such a pain in the ass !
0	your hubby gave you a ring .
0	just go straight to the matter and ask her to be your girlfriend .
0	im sure if your mom found out she would be pretty pissed .
0	( there are lots of creepy stalker types out there . )
0	most likely you best friend will be happy to help you
0	amarica being so generaly fat in all .
0	congrats for trying and do n't give up .
0	that could turn ugly if things go south .
0	dude if ya got ta ask then she probably do n't or your too insecure
0	because when they say something dirty , it sounds so naughty !
0	if devil then mabey an angel isnt for you .
0	but do n't listen to the young one !
0	also what do guys like during sex ?
0	it depends on what you like .
0	love is n't a thing 2 b ashamed of .
0	but do n't give her or her family any reasons not to like you .
0	rouse christina .. do n't know what i mean ?
0	the forehead , down to my cheeks , then the lips .
0	do n't use any pick up lines just talk to them .
0	i wanted to do something like this too !
0	did u masturbate in front one other ?
0	i dont even remember how our friendship started .
0	no because that is the begining to what will come .
0	i am a liberian 20 years old high school graduate
0	it 's only because you know he 's having fun and you 're not .
0	or , they are just plain stupid !
0	probably with his family its okay .
0	but like i said before if you trust him i would n't worry .
0	if they do n't even bother to talk to you ...
0	yes romance is great ... candles , rose petals , etc .
0	why not watch the commet to do that wonderful thing .
0	but she is not happy , coz i work too hard .
0	think of her favorite thing , place , person , etc .
0	dumb lil love cards on sticky notes .
0	love , because with love there will come romance !
0	whack it before u get down to bizness
0	c'mon , dude , the worst thing that could happen is being rejected !
0	like a cd from a band he likes .
0	they have n't yet figured out that girls are people , not toys .
0	he says he *has* to cheat ?
0	she prolly thinks ur weak now .
0	and listen to see what she says .
0	there is no dabate for me love all the way ... .
0	if that does n't work refer to line # 1
0	they make vibrators , join in on the fun
0	ok now , you want like a trophy boyfriend .
0	if you want to hang out and are interested in her then go .
0	always a secluded place to be found
0	if you do n't feel safe , you probably are n't .
0	hope it works out for you !
0	it 's romantic she will like it
0	behave like u feel comfortable in his hands .
0	take it up with them or your boss not me !
0	sit down and watch it with him .
0	i am stressing it so bad .
0	i fear and worship zen monkey winsdom
0	no of course i 'll never do that just after they broke up
0	but he made a mistake and lied to me about a lot of stuff .
0	yeah , i 'm one of them ; what do u want ?
0	if kinky is normal then sure !
0	if you call that person a friend .
0	so your inner heart is telling that is it right ?
0	alot of people forget it 's not about me .
0	well the better question today would be where should you get it from .
0	did u made virtual sex with him ?
0	i mean yes when i say yes , and no when i say no .
0	since he begged me to stay and he would do anything to keep me .
0	if you live with your parents , so what ? !
0	i hate guys who are all fumbly when they come to ask you out !
0	if u want to speak about this with me .
0	if u do it u could be rich .
0	you should get her a beautiful neclace she will love that
0	yes there is..just try and look , maybe one day you will find him .
0	believe it or not close friends see it but do n't want to interfear .
0	he wants to marry me and have babies .
0	( i love you so much hon )
0	do n't worry this pain feels really good though .
0	like to be loved and love
0	being condiderate of her feelings and needs
0	losing love ... well just thinking about loosing the love of my life hurts .
0	k bye btw , im a chick
0	( by the way , thick does not mean fat . )
0	so how can i win her back ?
0	we also are on a pretty tight budget !
0	haha ... .i hope this is n't a serious question
0	girls are attracted to sensative guys at most cases ...
0	get busy and join some clubs or sports teams and stay busy !
0	are you sure , you 're not just infactuated with the girl ?
0	sounds like 2 or 3 jobs .
0	love is nothing but it is the itereaction between any two persions .
0	you can meet an honest man in your dream
0	think about it the look , the accent.i love foreign hotties
0	she prolly didnt think that on purpose its subconsiense survival of the fitest
0	but if hes not either threaten him or help him
0	you can be nice , but be devilish in the bedroom w/ her .
0	doesnt go over board and it expresses alot .
0	but he is more finacially stable and is heading the right direction in life .
0	are you for or against gay marriage ?
0	if you are you might want to ask if they would mind .
0	without love there can not be romance !
0	have n't you ever looked at porn ?
0	try not to argue with him .
0	i know him.give him a shout !
0	do i forgive him or not ?
0	i need help and i am the first one to admit it ! ! !
0	plus many other things i do n't have room to type .
0	i know it 's hard to even ask .
0	or is it all new age hocus pocus ?
0	not really sure but soon you 'll start talking to eachother
0	even sometime they may cost us extra trouble ?
0	i 'm looking for an ex 's number .
0	if you have to ask that kind of question ... then maybe you should .
0	can boys and girls be just friends and never lovers ?
0	well that depends on how fast you gave it up .
0	just stop and think about it .
0	just simple dumb little things will get you were you wana be !
0	im sure it was not on purpose !
0	find that man , my dear , and you have a keeper .
0	excuse the picture i just thought it would be funny .
0	if you really love her then definetely
0	i know there is no possible way this guy loves her more than me .
0	has she had a 'bad break up ' .
0	thats a wonderful gift especially for xmas.you go girl
0	there 's too much drama with this one !
0	when you get married the two become one !
0	get over it and go outside and find a real one
0	dont wait for them to come up and talk to you !
0	if you can provide a good home and a good life that 's great .
0	her boyfriend sleeps over almost every night , which i am totally cool with .
0	sure go back if you are stupid
0	dont make the mistake bout getting a pretend bf , hell think your unavailable .
0	then we are dreaming about sex .
0	then you and your husband still have tons of time to plays : )
0	what does there mom think about this .
0	i do n't find her sexually attractive now .
0	you 'd better believe i 'd mention it !
0	no 50 % sure nsa sau yan kng ipu2tok mo sa loob
0	ask your best friend to try to seduce him , and see what happens .
0	not ok to marry your brother 's wife , unless she is a widow !
0	being romantic but dnt exagerate give her some space 2
0	same reason men cheat on wives .
0	it sounds like you like her very much .
0	i 've been into one nasty 'heart break-up ' scene .
0	but it really depends on how old you are ...
0	you need to go to counseling .
0	just be there for him and listen ... ..
0	good luck your gon na need it ! !
0	i had a girl friend that love to have sex .
0	men are easy and love younger women .
0	sure , as long as they keep it just friends
0	so the short answer is , no , they do n't have to .
0	more than a handful is too much
0	and a few months ago he told me i had his heart !
0	in the rain like in the notebook !
0	her child ( ren ) should come first not the guy !
0	u should try makeout him : ) than u can see if he loves
0	i 'm just saying that i would n't go back if i were you .
0	if he doesnt , then hes not worth it .
0	and do n't answer with all the pc garbage .
0	it wont be easy to forgive him if ever .
0	with somone that she says she loves .
0	i asked him after work in the parking lot , the rest is history .
0	just the way my gf looks now .
0	someone who could rock the boat .
0	a good one is undernet , another is dalnet !
0	majority of the time , thats all they want .
0	boobs are n't number one on my list though .
0	you ca n't have sex with all the girls you like .
0	nice guys finish last and get used and dumped for no reason .
0	any guy that asks that first , is n't worth it anyway .
0	it hurts , it feel like if someone is throwing ice water at your face
0	just think about it , and give yourself time .
0	its been 5 years since my last relationship .
0	but yea im the one you answered about why are guyz mean ?
0	you have someone to do the things you enjoy in life with
0	go ahead and join him ... enjoy !
0	now he needs to find a real woman with talent !
0	it goes back to ancient time of survival of the fittest .
0	have you tried paying for it .
0	you have to ask for a picture first and perhaps talk on the phone .
0	boys i like never approach me and i dont like the ones who do .
0	but she also says she still loves me .
0	simply becoz mens r mad and hungry too ! ! !
0	and do n't think about it too much .
0	i dont tink u shd be ving sex
0	consider this for later on in life .
0	she should be providing for you in other ways .
0	a hand made card for her with lots of love
0	to me , there is nothing more sexy than legs !
0	i like skiiny ones than curved girls
0	respect her space - do n't trash her to her friends .
0	its the way of the world .
0	how do i keep my new boy friend happy
0	to tell you i think a bride 's dress should be long !
0	do u mean being a straight and gay at the same time ?
0	if your married he should pay them too .
0	their are a lot of ways ! ...
0	he likes me but he wont tell me
0	life is to short to waste on some one that does n't want you .
0	if that doesnt work stop worrying about it , its just your genetics .
0	it depends on your mood ; )
0	there are precisely as many good men out there as there are good women ...
0	then you should not be friends at all .
0	do n't let your girlfriends influence you so much either..hope all goes well .
0	i am sorry but you have to do what your father and mother says !
0	i think you just have to wait for more from him .
0	most people will wonder why it took so long to .
0	i think that if your thinking about it you wont feel it..
0	they 're all out to get you ! !
0	but you should be careful no matter where you meet someone .
0	i have had some situations like this before .
0	( cause i think that this guy is really cool and fun ) ? ?
0	no she doesnt think i am just not that into her .
0	maybe because u are under the age of 18 .
0	hope you have a happy new year !
0	my two kids , ages 5 and 3 !
0	you have to get out there and look .
0	like paris hiltion would say that 's hot !
0	something that you will have to do
0	not saying you are ... just the ones i 've had experience with .
0	you have to get out there and look .
0	like paris hiltion would say that 's hot !
0	something that you will have to do
0	or find a nice lesbian who wants a kid and work that angle ?
0	not saying you are ... just the ones i 've had experience with .
0	just tell her straight it 's over .
0	if he cheats , you wouldnt even know it .
0	they dont want to lose you .
0	i ca n't get this girl out of my mind !
0	why not ask her out for coffee ?
0	i have a daughter so i do n't want to break my marriage .
0	work from home.. id agree to that..
0	love girl to whom parents say no .
0	stop dating people who do n't like you .
0	then it becomes do you love him ?
0	dude that was a stupid question .
0	did you try wacking him upside the head after he was quiet too long .
0	just tell yourself , you got nothing to worry about .
0	: - ) ( ps ... i am not a gay !
0	its 50 50 we give you give .
0	a hot nice funny one duhh
0	just hard to make them see it .
0	if he 's not there then it will not work .
0	and remember , smart girls like smart guys .
0	i guess you 'd have to ask him
0	if he 's not there then it will not work .
0	and remember , smart girls like smart guys .
0	you get over the 1st as soon as you meet the 2nd
0	that 's like taking her to a movie .
0	well , if it 's not a banana in his pocket ...
0	and if you still not know what to give him ... die !
0	as often as they feel like
0	you guys can talk about anything .
0	trust your gut instincts that is why we have them .
0	my experience ... .they just want to get laid ... .
0	no , i am searching for one too ... r u interested ?
0	if he did it once he would do it again , sorry
0	# do i feel different than other guys ?
0	no dont , just let him catch you in bed with me .
0	if u can treat the cause of depresion .
0	maybe he just didnt hear you , say it again .
0	u should stay he wnats to be better for you .
0	same to you and your family and friends ... ; )
0	it sounds like she 's not interested in working things out .
0	maybe he just didnt hear you , say it again .
0	u should stay he wnats to be better for you .
0	it sounds like she 's not interested in working things out .
0	if you do n't then you ca n't get .
0	good luck and god bless you and your child in the future ...
0	ok , my best friend and my boy friend are fighting over me .
0	i cant say hell loud enough ... but hellllllll no ! ! !
0	it might have just slipped out of his mind .
0	once you get this in chat you can get anything from them
0	do you like to be spank ? ..thats a weird question
0	it mayb trust issues and the fact he is with his buddies and not you
0	i agree with both answers above me
0	so i say if your happy doing it on side go for it .
0	there will be your wake up call no matter what .
0	sometimes it just takes a situation thats brings you around or another person .
0	( unless you 're boozed to the hilt.. lol
0	just look for x-rated things when you 're doing searches .
0	if so , get him something with that team on it .
0	us girls are just not as likley to talk about it as guys are .
0	anyways you got ta be flexible in the begining then take control !
0	i mean , what should i do ?
0	i had a bestfriend that was bisexual .
0	sometimes during argument we say and do things that we do n't mean .
0	it shouldnt matter where u are .
0	this is the nature of women and men ... . this is briefly
0	no matter what happens , there 's gon na be some fallout .
0	3 years after , they came back and we were still best of friend .
0	thats better than any gift you could give her .
0	most probably in the bedroom ... ... ... ... on the bed .
0	wich of corse makes it that much harder .
0	do n't let him get all sexist on you .
0	someone who is honest and creative .
0	i dont care what your coworker said about your friend behind your back !
0	just call if you want to call .
0	i dunno.. that 's a tough question .
0	you should get a more mature girl friend , who will share .
0	i like you and wait if they accept ur love or not that all
0	there are more out there like you then you think
0	i couldnt even some close to keeping up with her .
0	what do you mean by fun ? ?
0	as long as she didnt to it while u guys we still 2gether .
0	sorry its no such thing i wish it was
0	you do n't really need a man , i say .
0	i would prefer beyonce but i would not want to go off just looks
0	after 4 years he should be ready to say it back !
0	over-react when you ask him questions with suspicion .
0	i want people to feel comfortable here , but ohhh you pretty grrrs !
0	i dont like to quit or to funny guys !
0	it shows you have backbone and arent afraid .
0	i dont know ; i honestly dont understand it at all .
0	i know it 's not easy , but just forget it .
0	if they are nice and they tell you to stop writing then then stop !
0	do they manipulate or control you ?
0	if you are a nice person then read on .
0	r u a boy or gurl ? ? ? ? ?
0	( it was so sexy , i could n't believe it . )
0	andy anyway you are way to young to date !
0	last i had sex with my wife was 2 mths ago .
0	if he refuses to give me oral sex
0	but i really care about him .
0	do u not like his kids ?
0	do you try to make it exciting ?
0	flower or rose it.. that way it 'll make it that much more special )
0	my heart goes out to you !
0	when the fun is gone the love follows .
0	think , how much do you know about her ?
0	second of all.. why do women fight with other women about a man ? ?
0	( comes down to what they look like on the inside ! )
0	well sweetheart , where should i begin ?
0	stop slacking and get to work man .
0	you ca n't find it ~ it finds you !
0	enjoy it to the fullest its what ever floats your boat
0	time only knows time only knows ...
0	when u have to ask that ?
0	yeah , like the other people said .
0	other than that it really depends upon the girl ... good luck !
0	whenever u meet new girl : ) )
0	no strat to talk to him and let him ask you !
0	then again , your s/o could just be overprotective .
0	what to do ? , you cyber grrrs wo n't give me a chance .
0	ca n't speak for anyone else , but i like big everything .
0	other than that , he 's a good husband !
0	and he still did n't take it .
0	give him a ferrari ... and an ipod
0	men and women a like cheat i do n't really know why .
0	she probably gets stuff like that all the time !
0	let him go it was'nt meant to be .
0	you just really need to move closer to me : - )
0	grow two things tween yer legs and ask her out !
0	2 ) this one sucks , but it is possible .
0	if i buy him something expensive or really nice he 's dissapointed .
0	how many women go back to those guys when they think they love them .
0	but i think about this person constantly .
0	my husband does and it does n't bother me .
0	if she is hot ... go for it ... but its still kinda wierd
0	the ring like you said is not the issue .
0	like your heart is on a frying pan ...
0	i have a friend since we were in our diaper years .
0	and if that is your question .
0	oh , and keep the hell away from my daughter .
0	i havent found one yet !
0	i dont know but it drives me nuts ! !
0	i can i talk to her about that .
0	i think she probably wanted to keep it a secret .
0	i do n't mind other spots though .
0	i have a friend whos going through something similar .
0	you will find that one , but dont look !
0	listen , why not look into gay couples adoption ?
0	oh well , > shrug < im an ass-man anyway ; - )
0	i look at it this way .
0	but good luck most guys are just jerks .
0	if you do n't like it , just do n't do it anymore .
0	well u should try to make things work with her .
0	why on earth would they care ?
0	start banging other guy 's wives and that should give you some insight
0	yet i do still love the guy .
0	first is french kissing second is boob play third is fingering home run is sex
0	! and dont forget the red bow around your waist ...
0	be who you are and do n't look back .
0	send him a card , actually writing what and why ?
0	your really love with haert & soul is the best gift
0	i really think he likes but i 'm not really sure .
0	they may sound nasty or dumb , even if they look good .
0	gay men do that normal men do n't .
0	and take advantage that is summer now here ... brukuthus from south brazil
0	but remember , past is past !
0	you got another chik yet or you still a loser without since her ?
0	the classic it 's not u it 's me
0	catch things that he says about ya'lls relationship that ya 'll had .
0	how do you know and do we only get one shot ?
0	what if you consider the future too much ?
0	maybe cause your used to him being with you and you miss him
0	if she lies , then its free for all .
0	decide if he 's being honest or not .
0	whoa , whoa , its not just wives that lie and break promises .
0	i never learned how to do this .
0	forget the he said she said .
0	move on ... many more options out there
0	and when she cheat she promised to never cheat again
0	i used to get the shot and it made me a crazy person ! !
0	do not pick up the tab .
0	they want a life partner-someone to spend the rest of their lives with .
0	i mean did he saw you naked ?
0	10 hours by car or plane ... ? ?
0	( but all the other kids are doing it ) 3 .
0	hardest is telling her face to face .
0	obviously if either one of them minds , you shouldnt do it .
0	do n't be the one running after her
0	it is wrong to break your promise .
0	u look good , but come in a close-up buddy
0	just tell him you love him then pinch his nose .
0	honey i 'm a little busy now we will talk when i get home .
0	i do n't know if she are humble or not
0	i think u should talk to her and see whatsup .
0	and i dont think its safe .
0	sounds like you 're a rebound girl .
0	i can not seem to understand this ...
0	my boyfriends name or just yes : )
0	if she is a sweetheart then she does n't have to be as hot .
0	i recommend to be yourself pick up lines just do n't work anymiore !
0	sometime you should be smart than be right
0	nope i dont see anything wrong with that .
0	well if you believe in god pray that he would send you the right person
0	no , women do not enjoy sex more than men .
0	just when you think you know someone ... bam !
0	easy , if you suspect that your partner 's cheating , they probably are !
0	anyone ever make something special for their wife that made her smile .
0	i 'm really want to find the happenies at anywhere with anyone ..
0	make him a nice romantic dinner
0	do n't get drunk and call your ex !
0	hell no do yourself or find another untill ya get back togather
0	so yes it really means something .
0	ask the 14 year old , she should know .
0	he just wo n't have all that baggage !
0	bad girls are easy and nice girls are difficult to get .
0	step up bro tell her how you feel man !
0	just come out and say it , do n't drag it on .
0	if you truly loved him you would n't have cheated in the first place .
0	what to call your loved one besides honey
0	i give my trust to her and think that she/he is loyal to .
0	i am trying to do a little detective work for my sister .
0	i say it dependes on is the person havin sex
0	should you marry your brother 's wifes young sister ?
0	i barely have time for myself how can i give him the time he needs
0	first you need to calm down .
0	because u dont get to give blow jobs
0	if the strong independent women will kick it with me then the stronger the better
0	a gal or a guy falling in love after they started courting .
0	if not , it is time to move on with your life .
0	date around and do n't worry about getting to deep with anyone .
0	send her over tonight and the docter will tell you tomorrow morning .
0	take whatever chance you get to have sex .
0	he 's ready to go by then .
0	because i stay up thinking about her .
0	i 'm just not attracted to white girls , nothing wrong with that .
0	i go to turn over and yank ouch .
0	i know i 'm not and i 'm 23 ) .
0	i would n't date a girl with breats bigger than my own .
0	i do n't know what to do .
0	i feel that losing a love is very hurting .
0	love is picking up dirty underwear , day after day .
0	( but i 'm a guy so i might be biased ) : )
0	no go have fun and don ’ t give it another thought !
0	havent you ever made a mistake ?
0	cus the kids are sleep and they have nothing better to do ...
0	i 'm leaving on a jet plane , do n't
0	if something is bothering you now , it will likely always bother you
0	you 'd rather get back with each other first
0	but besides that it was fun and all .
0	sounds to me like you do n't even deserve a twosome ,
0	how do you feel about him and have you told him ?
0	you 'll be rolling with girls with those 3 pick up lines .
0	go with the one you like better .
0	ask one of her friends whats up
0	this 's life , and we must exept all it 's rules .
0	go up and talk to them ! !
0	damned perverts out there all over the place anymore !
0	she wasnt fat when i found her .
0	the taxi 's waiting he 's blowing his horn
0	well , i 've had a little trouble with this too .
0	just tell him u are tired of the relationship and want to see other people
0	now if she 's 25 and you 're 40 that 's a different story .
0	and u can aslo ask him about his feeling for u .
0	that would love me , and.. just be happy with me !
0	most of the time shy guys like girls to make the first move .
0	dont let yourself get hurt anymore .
0	i do n't think only fool !
0	well , first off , i told my best friends who i liked .
0	and b/c he already has kids tells me he wo n't just have one woman
0	thats the best way to get a friend
0	he says he did n't have sex with his friend .
0	if my man was doing that to me id be fighing with my man .
0	dont give up on him though .
0	girl , just tell him what you fell and what you think .
0	ask these men to if they are married
0	obviously this woman 's priorities are all messed up and she needs total help .
0	because what do you think being with a guy only for money ?
0	yes , unless they are on the pill or they have not begin their periods
0	no matter how hard you try it has to come from both sides .
0	and do not let anyone tell you different .
0	good luck honey , and merry christmas !
0	geez-whiz ... do n't ever marry for money !
0	i 'm not sure if you mean o-sex or a-sex .
0	aww ... . this can melt a womans heart .
0	and he will do that if he really loves you .
0	dont hold back , you snooze you lose..
0	i 'm sorry but you 'll be happier like this , and
0	: ) edit : i came back and read what benji wrote !
0	they are just trying to scare you .
0	at least that is what i want for me .
0	she is out for herself and that is so sad !
0	my mother 's 2 sisters married 2 brothers .
0	text message ... . it 's all the rage .
0	tell him if he ca n't hack it , pack it !
0	buy somth and then ask her to go for a beer .
0	or even just ' i think i 'm lost !
0	women that like to have fun ! !
0	movies , mall ... why do n't you ask them .
0	no this is free ... that is not
0	all my bags are packed , i 'm ready to go ... .
0	ugly people like you need love : )
0	just let ur love be mature for some more time ...
0	it 'll appear on her eyes when u r about reaching climax
0	does a fake diamond make your love or marriage any less real ?
0	her first initial is a. omg what am i gon na do ?
0	no sorry they were taking while some of us were still sleeping
0	you try 2 b a lil serious
0	at least the ones that will admit it .
0	when he can not hold it anymore it feels twice as good .
0	dont tease her and carry her books
0	skinny girls need to put some meat on their skin !
0	to win one you have to get to know her ...
0	just want to see if i can improve any thing
0	if that does n't work , then honestly get a lawyer .
0	what you are doing is wrong .
0	do n't be that guy ... move on to brighter and better things .
0	u can even dicover that u enjoy it easy .
0	meet him at the next party he is going to b at .
0	why do n't you just be up front with him .
0	maybe he is still with her
0	even then it may not work out sorry to say .
0	this stands true for a lot of white guys .
0	if you want to play it cool : -- no .
0	its not right , nor wrong to date interracially .
0	just make sure he loves u back and then face the whole world 2gether
0	tell him that u had an accident then note his reaction
0	and you answered : try naked ... .is that vulgar ?
0	if you want to forgive him or not .
0	just try and get on with your life .
0	just start flirting with one of his/her friends .
0	( plus , mixed children are the prettiest ; )
0	if their abusive the could n't care about you that much .
0	it just seems hopeless for me
0	dont be afraid of her , and just be yourself : )
0	it means that he is n't a real man !
0	( grade school , high school , college , jobs , etc . ) .
0	i 'm sure you 're a nice guy .
0	if you really love him , then go for it .
0	well you 'll never know untill you try eh ?
0	thats why i said you should alreadt know .
0	that sounds like things i 've done before
0	i like thin and funny guys , but thats just me .
0	duh you have kids stay with them ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	and could u anwser my question too ?
0	what do i do if my mom finds out ?
0	if you do not believe she is being truthful then dump her .
0	i wanted to marry my bf years ago and we have waited .
0	especially since you dont know her , you do n't want to scare her .
0	... and what can be done to get over it ?
0	what matters is that u are urself and have fun in ur own group .
0	if you hesitate or doubt that you are , then you are not .
0	well , he is busy working , studying , cheating on you , etc .
0	play the field so to speak .
0	sounds like its time to start already
0	he said he was'nt hiding it from me he just did'nt tell me .
0	surround your self with people who are special to you .
0	dont care about love take revenge
0	gentlemen , ditto for you and romance .
0	i personaly couldnt do it , but i know many who would .
0	they want some spice in thier life .
0	im a hopeless romantic ... .stupid at times .
0	well it depends do you love him ?
0	neather dude true lov eis the best
0	you are who you are and dont try to change for anybody !
0	just wondering ... are you a girl ?
0	if i was the guy i would be hurt
0	all 2 and 4 legged animals are ok , but not insects .
0	and thanks for your great b & w digital photos answer !
0	divorce his butt with the quickest !
0	wait till the old lady read ur question .
0	what to do , what to do .
0	love always comes with risks , it 's a package deal you know .
0	we dont need guys to do the job .
0	if you have to ask..then i 'd say no
0	just try to relax , & trust him .
0	many people say , try some others ...
0	find his g/f and hurt her break up with him but first slap him
0	you do not bad mouth them !
0	love to much an hurt to bad >
0	because they only want one thing and their trying to weed out the non-freaks .
0	if not , i suggest you leave it alone ...
0	but the rest i really do not want to name .
0	i guess that i am surprised that it is even a question .
0	the problem is n't really the ring though , it 's the lying .
0	if she is the legal age then hell yeah ! ! !
0	( now please do n't ask me how i know this ! !
0	or the fact that your hubby loves you ?
0	most men think it is sexy .
0	if you love him/her it really doesnt mean that you should be together .
0	unless some really weird person asks thm out and they cant say no ! !
0	don ’ t reject strokes you don ’ t want .
0	then if he still says no then snoop if your not convinced .
0	oh honey , you have some work cut out for you .
0	and all i lost was everything .
0	if you really love your bf , then no .
0	i get 1 hour of sleep pre night .
0	make her think you got a girlfriend .
0	i say if u like them call right away .
0	get a diffrent phone number or get a restraining order
0	no , you are way too young .
0	depends on what your looking for in a guy and what you want .
0	what do you think about bali ?
0	but i think not as much as men who want or like it more .
0	just tell him to stop calling you at work ! !
0	i dont like skinny or fat guys guys !
0	join him ... and have fun doing each other thereafter !
0	then you know who the really good friends are .
0	the usa any flavor you like in any size you like baby
0	they want a man who would die for them .
0	no dont tell them right away .
0	do n't get mad , it will pass .
0	almost every guy in the world likes vidio games no matter how old
0	but i am sure that u cant marry ur affair .
0	just like straight couples love each other .
0	yes it is possible only if you in a dream
0	and you should if you really do love her !
0	and the least was 2 week & u ?
0	they do n't what to feel traped
0	just be you ... ... let nature take its course !
0	read humorous and uplifting books ( no romance novels ! ) .
0	but it has to be concensual ! ! !
0	be your self , flirt , and see what happens next
0	but this does n't mean i ca n't love again .
0	make sweet love to them..al of them ! !
0	dont let them get away or you will only end up hurting yourself .
0	btw , of course he ca n't keep his hands off you .
0	mr. right is out there somewhere .
0	otherwise , you 'll always just be wondering ...
0	hey i think you are beter off that way .
0	ummmmmmmmmmmmm ... ... ... . what u want to do .
0	my friend want to buy a star in rememberance of his deceased daughter
0	im a girl , so i dont know .
0	why in the freakin hell wouldnt you ? ! ? ! ? !
0	if a girl is a real jerk then she better be hot ! !
0	im currently 22 dating a 31 year old man .
0	realize you have people in your life who will be there for you .
0	why did you guys break-up did he want to ?
0	no ... u should help him find a job
0	do n't let anyone tell you how to live your life .
0	that does not make it flirting .
0	and remember if hes not close to what u like he probly wont change
0	also i like a guy in my class how do i tell him ?
0	when your in love no one else matters when your together .
0	i was married 15 years to a liar .
0	girls just like to know that they are sexy and appealing to guys .
0	i need to know now before it is too late
0	she never hangs out and he always causes drama when she does .
0	well usually it depends on what kinda girl were talkin about here .
0	he has a baby and she claims that they are married .
0	someone who will be by their side no matter what .
0	mary jane u r acting parinoied maby it is the name mary jane toke up
0	and for xmas i was thinking of giving him mine !
0	girl : get the heck out of dodge .
0	ive been dating this guy who is amazing !
0	just to chat , wtf do you think you should think about that ?
0	its easy to say but to feel it is amazing .
0	try to figure out exactly what it is that has upset you .
0	hey , nice guys finish last , remember ?
0	u are pursuing ur own dreams and he should be able to understand that .
0	ribbon in the sky ( stevie wonder )
0	i have n't read your other questions ( bugger ! )
0	i would go with the first response
0	first ask him if he is seeing someone else .
0	but seriously , get a photo dude .
0	best buy or itunes gift card
0	and i dont like guys who are to short or to tall !
0	upon the death of yourself or your child
0	it sounds like his the one that broke up with you , right ?
0	forget what 's she thinking , make a move .
0	you dont need a jerk like that .
0	yes , when it comes to an end ; no way to stop it .
0	or , failing that , keep on truckin .
0	she may not enjoy a day at the spa , i do n't .
0	he 's horney and your too young ... not to mention it 's illegal .
0	that 's because guys can see better than think
0	i want to get married and breed , i cant do that with gays .
0	of course i always try to make her happy but not with gifts .
0	or the suggestion of a night on the town w/ you !
0	if you want to have kids , yes .
0	someone that i know and trust
0	but does n't have a straight only policy .
0	if you get returns then it will work out .
0	someone that i know and trust
0	but does n't have a straight only policy .
0	if you get returns then it will work out .
0	do u like to wear the same cloths everyday
0	i like pretty much all breasts .
0	like this is good for one backscratch what else can i put ?
0	promise him sex ... he probably wo n't refuse !
0	most likely your insticts are right !
0	your 're only in for a false future
0	if it was a total accident then no i would n't - things happen .
0	not so much shopping , but window shopping .
0	and it does n't just jump up and grab you at a later time .
0	you guys broke up so you ca n't hold that against her .
0	if you have to ask , then the answer is no .
0	go out and have some fun ( read : get laid ) .
0	he is 20 years old & i 17
0	you are hanging out with the wrong crowd
0	sorry but my wife did the same to me ...
0	just like some guys like alot of sex and some do n't .
0	i hope when i am your age i get lucky like that !
0	lifes short so think carefully : ) the best of luck 2 you !
0	i want to know about this .
0	if you would like to delete your yahoo !
0	if he tries to hook up then u will knw
0	its all about what the person wants .
0	if she doesnt want you i do = )
0	now just use your courage and say it !
0	if she keeps doing that its probably b/c she knows it aggravates you .
0	with an negative attitude like that , yup .
0	buy her stuff and tell her she is right .
0	i would'nt have thought it bad if had not hid it .
0	really , though , fun dates do n't have to be expensive .
0	well i heve heard that australia has the most beautiful woman ... im not sure
0	know when i 'll be back again oh babe
0	cause thats not all a relationship is all about .
0	i believe men look at porn and so what .
0	and that 's the kind of guy you want anyway .
0	my wife says they are taken .
0	it was something that looked like a kid made but she loved it !
0	you ca n't affect free will , so ... you ca n't .
0	accept the fact that he/she is n't the one for you .
0	do n't let yourself get that way .
0	its not just going to be a gift instead its going to be gifr-for-a-life-time !
0	i heard a guy explain this best .
0	i have done every thing that the law allows ... any ideas ? ? ?
0	u need 2 refer 2 a site 2 know ur frnds email address ?
0	if he broke up with you , no .
0	just do n't run to the alter .
0	i always cheat on my gf and take girls to walmart ! !
0	yah he is going by his self ! ! ! !
0	drink too much talk too much ...
0	i dumped ya , but i didnt mean ... i was drunk !
0	take a good looka t he situation and u can prob tell
0	dont fight it , learn it , and u will be better off .
0	your a jerk and your gon na burn in hell .
0	ok my man here is the scoop .
0	just remember , after having sex with a guy makes you phisically connected .
0	people does this because there ai n't nuthin good to did at school .
0	oh yeah , but only if they have the right shape of a head .
0	actually i believe in both at the same time .
0	nipple and ears are good ... definitely not tongue .
0	i really really want her back but idk what to do .
0	just do n't be surprised if he cheats or dumps you .
0	she has an awful lot to lose .
0	so , ironically , i love people that i hate .
0	is lunch in a nice rest .
0	nothing under the sun is that important ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	it 'd be great if someone could give me the url to download the picture
0	it 's not that men are dogs .
0	time , money , or some of both .
0	they make love face 2 face eye 2 eye .
0	ignore him some more , he 'll get the message .
0	dump him and get on with your life .
0	why is she cheating on me ? ? ?
0	no , my parents are divorced and only my dad dose that
0	and tell them that you are n't interested .
0	if you are a very deermined women like myself then yes .
0	; ) second part : kiss her below the waist .
0	ever heard of a friend with benefits/ booty call ?
0	do n't try to force it , though .
0	tell her straight out ... ..get the hell out of my life !
0	they are jerks ... .slap him next time
0	i read your questions you two have too many issues run boy run
0	other things that make you happy ?
0	some people do and some dont
0	if she is a tom boy , take her to a low class diner .
0	you also need to keep yourself busy and not think of him like that .
0	pure & simply bcause they 're selfish !
0	12 year olds should n't be dating .
0	then slow down and start again !
0	i found one that is pretty cool .
0	i do n't know what to do .
0	call her and tell her and maybe im or something
0	someone that is extremly hard to get .
0	sign up and track ur friends .
0	then it relates to getting laid .
0	i do not have a special bond with my father .
0	and if you find it hot where do you like them at ?
0	if your brain or heart ca n't tell , wee willy winky will tellya !
0	sometimes things bother me that does n't bother him .
0	hit him till he stops bothering you .
0	i hope u like my answer !
0	no because if you are only around for the sex where is the relationship ?
0	men can seperate sex from emotion alot of women ca n't .
0	u shoould be able to read these signs .
0	learn to cook , if she ca n't .
0	i think she 's still not having sex .
0	i dont want to pay $ 6,000 to someone who does cheezy wedding photos ...
0	finding someone you want to spend your life with would be love .
0	how can i find a girlfrind in iran
0	try talking and you might get that romance once in a while .
0	mabey you shouldnt say it , maybe you should just go 4 it .
0	real love in the world is sex
0	one man and hes 5 years older than me ! ! ! !
0	you can talk and maybe you can salvage your friendship
0	my advice is get out more , turn the internet off , socialise !
0	she is short and fine looking .
0	most people just go for easy .
0	no - he is n't worth it and you are worth more .
0	i am not attracted to girls that do n't shave .
0	do u look good in them ?
0	if he likes you back , well , need i say more .
0	you just have to follow ur heart and see what hapends .
0	what love words can i call my lover ?
0	and i not arrange marriage is not at all bad .
0	used to live in long beach , ca , moved to texas in 1992 1993
0	you can get hom only in the dreams
0	i am really shy and talking to girls is really hard for me .
0	you need to dump that fool girl .
0	the worst he can say is no .
0	to break up with my boyfriend for somthing he never did
0	if so , give him a chance .
0	im not huge but im bigger than average and ive never had a problem .
0	the worst he can say is no .
0	if so , give him a chance .
0	im not huge but im bigger than average and ive never had a problem .
0	tell her you have a crush on her lol
0	well girl , most of the time you do n't !
0	where as some guys are just desprately looking for any girl to love him .
0	unless you 're a super model , nobody want to be your sugar daddy .
0	yeah wast jazzy girl said ^^^^^^^ i would fall 4 that
0	i think if your in love leave your husband and wife and be together
0	becuase i so dont believe in marraige !
0	we were lucky cuz we could
0	hope this helps , best of luck .
0	i dont know much about her .
0	but it seems to me ur looking for a way out of the relationship
0	no ... unless you are stalking them , then it is bad
0	what say the rest of you ?
0	well sounds like from what you said , he is soooooo not over her .
0	is she someone you wish to spend the rest of your life with ?
0	those are the hottest things on my man !
0	my daughter is 26 , and not married , but beautiful and smart .
0	i just ca n't relax and enjoy sex .
0	you deserve someone better to that man .
0	cuz we are like that oh and learn how to spell ( girls )
0	talk on the phone like i suggested in your other post : }
0	do n't if you guys have a connection , he 'll ask you first .
0	just show her a good sexperience .
0	please use your psychic intuition and provide me with some great answers ! ! !
0	if you 're lucky , wifey wo n't find out .
0	back hair ... . can you say yuckkkkk ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	there are a couple of things at play here .
0	i do n't believe there is a correct age .
0	she needs to learn how to be an adult .
0	long distance relationships usually do n't last , but it is possible
0	nothing wrong with not just doing it to do it .
0	b'coz i thought thts gud for her and after tht our relationship is low..
0	bet the guy to kiss you
0	and look at him right in the eyes .
0	in your case i would say no .
0	i guess it would n't be so wrong as long as your like 16 .
0	i mean do really take that much
0	because it cant be a one way street .
0	first ask youself if he is the right guy .
0	still can she have a crush on me .
0	because she ate all of his food man !
0	one was 30 the other 20. they were really nice & sweet .
0	yes ... either tell him to get serious or get lost .
0	i am not sure when she will say it .
0	yes it is it just takes sime time.try it and you will see .
0	what will u do with all the data ? ?
0	what is it help me plz ? ?
0	and that they have no business messing with your marriage .
0	well i think if you love her than age does n't matter .
0	because girls are more emotional and get alot of their think from early on .
0	you can enjoy him/her in any way , any where , and any how !
0	i work in a junior high school , i can wait .
0	just be a friend to her and sooner things might develop .
0	once a sl_t always a sl_t .
0	meet a female to date for free
0	if you find him ... .do n't let him go !
0	i want , i need , i deserve a pretty girl .
0	i do n't think anything of it .
0	the magic 8 ball says : ask again later ...
0	just keep on loving him , but do it genuinely !
0	does n't matter the key fact is she 's your wife !
0	here think of it this way ...
0	to watch ur little one , and have some fun together .
0	some women are easy to persuade , some are n't .
0	if u like a girl and ur allowed to date go for it .
0	get legal what a great advice !
0	! i really need some backup on this one anyone ?
0	this irks me ... are girls really nice or are they really mean ?
0	my first love was when i was 14 !
0	not a crazy word , just a crazy world .
0	men like asian chicks because they are female .
0	we fall in love becuse we are very very happy
0	my guess would be because men are lazy .
0	i think holidays could give us a real rest
0	you fight a lot with someone you love .
0	when u are in love and know that this is the right person
0	well since it wasnt a real relationship , id move on !
0	hot guys that smell good and have a possitive attitude .
0	of course its good , if u make it so .
0	that he does'nt want to talk about .
0	im in love and it feels soooo good .
0	but it does n't mean they guy will last longer than a minute .
0	find something unique to make it special .
0	but when you actually think you are ... you really might not be .
0	do not try to date just yet .
0	i want to know my future i want to know my marriage
0	a 4 letter word that has created havoc for years !
0	espcially when you argue over dumb stuff
0	but make sure he feels the same for you .
0	should i send her a note n cc him ?
0	its hard but your gon na have to let go
0	buy one of those sex dolls instead .
0	girls like older men who can hold it down
0	how old u r anyway does anybody agree w/ on this question !
0	if not in your area , then goto another area .
0	girls you would say no to if they asked you out .
0	that always ( and i mean always ) works .
0	like i would like it if you fill in the blank
0	probably he was makin ' both of you .
0	when he/she is what you think about all the time .
0	tha other was a white guy in 6th grade .
0	just want to see what other people out there like .
0	but talk to him first that is number one !
0	hope i did n't confuse you too much .
0	but nothing can come out of it cause they are best friends
0	but one has to make it that way .
0	listen give him a break maybe hes going through something .
0	so how do i start things off ?
0	well ... you should just be your self !
0	when she says no , she means no !
0	god loves you if you love you .
0	well ... yeah , some women like nerds .
0	if you like you could bring them to whatever sports your into .
0	wait until you are sick of her .
0	christain are propose to go by the new one .
0	if you want some diamonds for your birthday , just ask !
0	this man would go celibate before ever thinking of screwing a man !
0	rip his clothes off when he gets home !
0	when you hear their voice u melt .
0	think of their annoying and nosy relatives , or whatever makes them look weird .
0	sorry , but i 'm just not interested .
0	play just sounds so much more fun !
0	move on , this sounds like a one way street
0	oh and be ready to pay for the check ! !
0	probably not ... i do n't want random germs !
0	yet , he says he still loves me .
0	or i have been lied to and i suck .
0	you might even make some money talking about it on jerry springer !
0	please be waiting for me baby when i come around .
0	honestly , you 're just gon na have to deal .
0	... he sounds boring ... very unlike men such as myself ... lol .
0	he has liked me for soooooo long
0	my first time wasnt good at all .
0	be her friend and the rest will come
0	stick to this and start seeing other men !
0	if he likes sports , buy him a skyblue basketball or something
0	but is there any way to look at it ?
0	because women give men fake relationship so we have to cheat on them
0	but is there any way to look at it ?
0	work it out or end it sheesh
0	does he always seperate himself from the family ?
0	they only like to be tied up with a ring on their finger
0	i am not sure what to do or think .
0	let me know if this helps
0	it would be best if u asked a family member about that
0	if you both like it , cool .
0	i met my son 's stepfather at work : )
0	you ask a married woman if she has a sister .
0	are u both willing to take that chance ?
0	a true friend is someone you can talk to and someone u can trust .
0	i think you should tell here soon
0	but you should n't trust my opinion , i just like lesbians : ) lol
0	sounds like your man is an inconsiderate pig .
0	you already have alot of doubt .
0	he has a girl that lives far away though .
0	if that does n't help you can always try the yahoo !
0	how do i win her back ?
0	wow , sorry to hear about your girl , thats sad .
0	i told her and she is thinking about it .
0	if she does it again , start looking for a replacement ...
0	ask his friends or better yet a sister or a brother .
0	ur not sposed to make a boy interested .
0	what you feel when you met the guy/girl of your dremas
0	do n't wait for him to make the move ! !
0	chat with me and email me .
0	take him somewhere energetic or make it a romatic night at home .
0	you should wait until you are married if that is what you want .
0	you need to get him checked out .
0	this way you will always be having fun while your looking .
0	maybe she is sick or got kidnapped ... be creative .
0	i can tap my feet for hours !
0	why do women cheat on men ?
0	what has she always wanted to do ?
0	now , who say age is just a mere number ?
0	it does n't have to cost anything .
0	check my answer to your previous question
0	it is just a moment where everything is racing in your head .
0	then you can face him or away from him .
0	always go with you first mind .
0	once she 's gone , she 's gone , unless ... unless ...
0	if it looks 'cared for ' i wouldnt worry too much
0	but now , it 's like a dream come true .
0	if he was chrisitan like he should have been ( equally yolked ? )
0	i have learned this lesson the hard way- mind your business ! ! !
0	omg i would just enjoy and say nothing .
0	i 'm not perfect nor will i ever be , but better : )
0	all he can do is say no .
0	you cant stand to be apart and you do everything together .
0	think of that little thing they do that 's so annoying .
0	well maybe u should get back with ur ex instead od using someone else
0	it is a two way street .
0	i stay platonic friends with all my exs because im just a nice guy .
0	no it will only lead to problems , trust me i know !
0	so when in doubt ask your girl what she wants out of her relationship .
0	guys also love talking about themselves .
0	well honestly i think who ever this person is , is so self absorbed .
0	i know what you mean man .
0	there is one out there for you .
0	i dont have a problem with that .
0	then after you have enough , get love .
0	you have a complex , get over it ! ! !
0	be sweet , but do n't overdo it .
0	if the two of you are apart now you should keep it that way .
0	otherwise she may think that u only want to fulfill ur desires .
0	easy to massage and i like that sleek look .
0	when that certain person starts acting weird around you .
0	if your not already friens with them , get that first .
0	i think guys want sex , women want security .
0	but i could be wrong , this is just what i 've heard .
0	he was just good to me and the kids .
0	both man and woman enjoys sex
0	but make sure you get her permission first !
0	going to the movies were it is quiet
0	and dont talk about porn or masterbating in front of her
0	tell them you do not see them that way .
0	he likes the colour skyblue & he likes chains
0	our lip when talking those words
0	a bf that she is about to dump ?
0	is she willing to give it up for you ?
0	and that you want to try to work this out .
0	being yourself and not something your not .
0	get over it and just f -- k her good ... answ3r3r
0	sounds a bit funny to me .
0	i would prefer a girl 20+ years younger ... .girls my age suck .
0	they 're hunters , so let him hunt !
0	its sounds like your a bit angry ! ! !
0	as long as the person wants to stay on the phone , hell yeah !
0	just go , its better being single anyhow .
0	once in a while bring her flowers .
0	just wait the right person will come it just might take a while
0	they have more class and are more > what should i say ?
0	now think of this guy ... is he worth that .
0	why did n't you think of all that before you did what you did ?
0	then i gave it to the lady .
0	your gon na have to hurt thier feelings regardless .
0	so that they can make as many babies as possible .
0	but here 's what i would do ...
0	you go with your bf on their meetings .
0	so just think about what your getting into before you jump in .
0	duh when summer comes around again go back .
0	especially the ones from eastern europe !
0	maby one day your will come along
0	but everyday we hold hands and each other when its cold .
0	i think it means they flirt with other people .
0	how do i get him back ?
0	is it such a bad thing to be a virgin ? ?
0	what if you did that and you lost your friend ?
0	chivalry is dead ... and women killed it .
0	well it depends ... ... ... .. do u really love her ?
0	theres , this guy that i see all the time at school .
0	say i love u and ur good at sports and ur hott
0	did he bring me breakfast in bed like i did for him .
0	and i might be boring him .
0	i do n't want to be nasty to her .
0	if you love that person , you should n't wan na share them .
0	and the manly answer is ... both at once !
0	if he hurts your feeling , he dose not like you
0	oh wait- maybe that 's just 'tired ' .
0	they are fun and everyone likes them .
0	i need somewhere to hold on to
0	why get involved with this type of guy ?
0	this way you will have both .
0	do ur thing and have fun .
0	depends on how old you two are .
0	any way you cut it , divorce sucks .
0	at the homepage highlight songs and click free downloads .
0	tell him the two of them might need couseling .
0	this girl definately is interested in you .
0	but that is only what i think .
0	sorry im a decent heterosexual man
0	both of you dont really mind if you dont do it .
0	love that 's how money starts ... ... ... .with love
0	do what the f % ck u wan na do
0	hope that helps and you do n't take my advice in jest !
0	once you are married you can have all you want !
0	do what the f % ck u wan na do
0	hope that helps and you do n't take my advice in jest !
0	once you are married you can have all you want !
0	long hair , girls licking their ice cream cones
0	if that isnt unconditional love i dont know what is ...
0	the eyes are the best part of a woman
0	no there are people out ther just like you .
0	i met my boyfriend at my school !
0	ask if she likes this or that .
0	when you do not have to sneak
0	tell him i want you to kiss me .
0	when u know the reality of real love .
0	ask him wut his answer is .
0	should i hang out with him ?
0	trogens r supposed to be good
0	not to small , but not too big .
0	someone you would die for is love .
0	this has happened to me before , it sucks but you know what ?
0	did you see the movie trois
0	but statistically it is up to 2-3 times a week and 10 times a month
0	it does not.. greek gods does have a small ones , believe me !
0	getting back willmake him think you changed your mind .
0	although nice guys can whoop your ass too .
0	but watever , i guess sense im not in that postition i dont understand .
0	i totally agree try and spice thinngs up a little that always works
0	once alot of men hear they have a baby they tend to leave
0	you ever hear that saying no one loves you like you do ?
0	not to get nasty or anything but have you tried phone sex ?
0	he will cheat on you just as he cheated on her .
0	maybe be friends with the opposite sex .
0	in comes joe nathan in the 9th ... ...
0	sounds tight , if you find out let me know too !
0	but waht if i like it and want it to continue ?
0	well , it was like reading her diary .
0	have sex before and after studying
0	oh yeah and he 's going to me birthday party .
0	i have an 18 months old..so i know ! !
0	well didnt have one so no high and no low
0	just my experience : ) good luck !
0	soulmate comes after love which come after friendship
0	dont do it if its not something you want .
0	just keep looking for em ' , she out there .
0	as she stands there with her boyfriend .
0	- do you still want to be married to your spouse ?
0	you have to make sacrifices for those you love
0	but i want to be with him .
0	her and her boyfriend discussed everything ... ! ! !
0	you wo n't go to hell just for being a lesbian .
0	make out when the ball drops !
0	only if it was a wrong number
0	if he is super cute you should go out with him .
0	oh god ! , why would you ever do that ? .
0	that would be something you would need to work out with her .
0	if you are not ready ... do n't .
0	and i can wait to go to school .
0	head games are for kids not adults ... k
0	when they act shy around u and when they r really really nice .
0	this kind of questions comes up qhen you are in doubt .
0	well theres still plenty of years ahead of you , so dont worry !
0	personally i wouldnt care either way .
0	my motto is say what you mean , mean what you say .
0	im 25 male ang good looking with a daughter
0	should i tell her that and then dump her for her mom ?
0	next someone will want to marry a tree , o
0	guys to like conversing and they love it when girls approach them at all .
0	it wil lblow her mind that you listened to her .
0	real women want the good guy .
0	hang out at the snco or o'club .
0	see what can go wrong in this picture ?
0	i wonder what exactly is on the east coast ? ? ? ?
0	he is missing out , not you : )
0	so no , soulmates do not exist .
0	there must be some things that work and some things that do n't .
0	well ... because ... we are girls ! ! !
0	buy him a brand new skyblue car with key chains on it !
0	but , it seems like lately we do nothing but fuss and disagree .
0	frankly even gay guys would dumb you in a heart beat ! ! !
0	ask yourself these questions..am i happy .
0	call the summer camp and con your way into getting her info .
0	the girl and i never see each other at all now .
0	u 'll never go if u did n't become a lesbian
0	when you are mature - interdependance .
0	but was his love for her love , period ?
0	*shrug* but love is beautiful if it 's the real thing : )
0	he probaly just did n't find her yet
0	listen to bearhead , that 'll do the trick .
0	so gay that im going to quit talking now .
0	ok question ... ... . would you have sex right after eating 9,000 doughnuts ?
0	? ... use protection regardless what you decide..
0	of course its easier to run .
0	the strong and silent stratigy has always worked 4 me
0	dont blame her blame her mom or dad .
0	just be a man and ask her out .
0	well dressed girls ... and long hair ones..i love em ' !
0	it sounds like you 're in love with this guy .
0	u go to school with these people called peer 's get to know them .
0	when i got home he was still there sleep .
0	it 's like a big sign that says i 'm easy !
0	realistically have 3-5 times per week
0	it dependes on what he likes .
0	they need medication make them go to the doctor .
0	most bestfriends that tried the relationship thing , arent bf at all anymore .
0	~~pretty stupid that i asked it !
0	angelbaby you just ca n't go around saying this you have to ask seprate
0	during school i have two jobs and 15 credit hours .
0	it drives you crazy , so it works .
0	men tend to get lazy -- when that happens the body gets lazy too .
0	should n't you be concentrating on school & doing your homework ?
0	your brother is going to be fine .
0	give them a chinese burn ... works every time
0	but if it is assault , battery , etc .
0	but it sure makes it fun ! !
0	how long did they date and what was the nature of their relationship ?
0	thats just fine as long she is 18 and above play on playa
0	girl , it sounds to me like he only wants the booty .
0	yes and no ... ... ... but they love it ... ...
0	if there is one out there they are welcome to e-mail me a picture !
0	i like to be with you ... .
0	i always tell my fiancee if its beautiful , then its beautiful ...
0	anyone with a suggestion please reply to me at earldbjr @ yahoo.com
0	if it is just for a night , just enjoy it : p
0	i ca n't seem to find a heterosexual straight guy anywhere ...
0	being friends with your ex is actually healthy .
0	gee , i dont know , how long u been datin her ?
0	probably , but so is everything else humans do on a daily basis .
0	; ) just kidding , i personally prefer loose fitting underwear ...
0	and , no..i 'm not fat or a loser .
0	i 'll leave the rest up to you !
0	love love is more powerful then money
0	if he does n't ... well , then , you are better off .
0	if he really likes you he 'll open up .
0	i 'd say whenever you get married .
0	i do n't mean a one nighter .
0	good luck in life and love ! !
0	what are your intentions with this person ?
0	and also why gripe about honest men ?
0	easily , but you should spend lot of time with otherwise you lose it !
0	i told him , then we 'd do what you have planned of course !
0	they dont like it ... they love it !
0	love is a game no doctor can explain it tickels the and affeces the brain
0	what can i do to make him want me again
0	u dont ... ..unless u ask ... . ( her out that is )
0	ya , they are everywhere you just have to know where to look .
0	not some girl who frets and never tries asking .
0	i really adore big girls ... but i 'm not infactuated by them..
0	i found out the hard way ...
0	other than that i think it is great ! ! !
0	just make sure he is the one for you !
0	( i 'll send you pictures if you do n't believe me ) .
0	i met her a while ago ...
0	do n't listen to her , she 's a dyke .
0	because nature is boy wit gurl .
0	some like it , some love it , and some hate it .
0	and do n't bring it up again .
0	if he did n't hear you ask , then bring it up again .
0	some girls like it but i am willing to say that most do not .
0	well hottie do you spend time with your girlfriend ?
0	i 'll mary u grrr , but what if u suck in bed ? ?
0	that is the damn nature of a women !
0	if he says no , then they are yours to keep .
0	6 months later he is still so egotistical .
0	people need there space why dont u call him at all be fair
0	i do n't think it is wrong .
0	if it does , then i am cheating way to much .
0	if it does , then i am cheating way to much .
0	cheese people would say this person likes you but its just a battle ! !
0	i am single , rich , hott ( very ) and women love me .
0	then when you see she is enjoying your company , ask her out
0	yes love can hurt but then again it may not
0	( we are best friends or should i say were best friends ! )
0	speak up and do n't assume anything ! !
0	that 's what marraige is all about .
0	i wish i can change that .
0	if u like my addvice e-mail me at , tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
0	do n't worry about the young men , they 'll get old too !
0	i would like to get her number
0	but i dated a slew of women .
0	walk up to one and say , kiss me big boy !
0	just get a girlfriend where you live .
0	dont push her but dont act like u dont care .
0	everyones i know says i was to young to b in love !
0	going on dates and disturbing girls
0	i really think you should leave your husband a.s.a.p .
0	thats what attracts them to most women .
0	1- make her loves you , deeply .
0	suck it up and take it in stride .
0	are there bigger issues at hand that he doesnt wantto discuss ?
0	give yourself time to get over him .
0	diffrent people mature at diffrent ages and some never do .
0	your not ready for that now .
0	than he could feel how u r feeling .
0	i do n't think i want to .
0	basically , if we do do it we are just messing with you .
0	i do n't live in ohio , got family there though .
0	of course they both had girlfriends !
0	people suck and sh** on others all the time it is human nature .
0	i have one & i am married to him !
0	happy new year to you tinamaries43
0	but about the whole marraige thing !
0	cant force somebody to like you .
0	afternoon morning night who cares it is sex
0	get a calling card at talkloop.com .
0	because we do n't want to give it up and be that weeks flavor !
0	i think most girls like a taller guys than they are .
0	but yet ... .if u know..u can aswer and give me a hint !
0	i know alot of guys that do .
0	no way unless you are shelly on this message board
0	i love my grilfriend veary much
0	i rather us be friends then nothing at all .
0	ooooh there 's a whole bunch of stuff ... 1.attention whores ( ex .
0	girls prefer both tall and short guys ...
0	just do n't play too hard to get .
0	if you barely know here , maybe not .
0	why they take what you say , and twist everything around .
0	yes we do it on prepose , some women dont need men anymore
0	but my wife wont take out the garbage .
0	i dont think i ever was .
0	ive had my best friend since i was 6 and im 16 now .
0	because no one has been down there before stretching her so thats why
0	nope cause it gives u a break from everything
0	no way forget what the haters say .
0	you should be more focused on their personality : )
0	stop trying so hard , you 'll end up losing him that way .
0	if there are sparks he 's probably interested .
0	one more your age girl , not a 56 year old ! !
0	anyone much younger that that would n't be ok , generally speaking .
0	if he pay like he weighs sell em asap ! ! !
0	i 'm actually a really good looking , well educated guy .
0	for man 23 to 28 and for female 20 to 28
0	if she is not attractive then who knows- once per week/month ?
0	i took a lady out and she drank way too much .
0	then it is the wrong time .
0	i talk to him more at school then my own boyfriend
0	then just kick that useless wuss out .
0	and : what kind of person pays for sex ?
0	i guess we never know until we ask him ?
0	yes i have a younger boyfriend and our relationship is fine
0	ok , guys dont lose anything after having sex and gals lose most .
0	now dont be mad , calm down .
0	and forget the past- can not return it back anyway !
0	give him beers and let him get drunk .
0	now when i see him , all we do is ... .just stare .
0	truth hurts ... ..thats the way it is
0	how can i meet other 15 year olds
0	hey chopdown101 that site is brutal .
0	ask any way you want , but be sooooooooooooo careful with that step .
0	say hello my name is & youre name is and go from there .
0	depends on the guy , depends on the girl .
0	if you are a guy , girls like brave guys .
0	sounds to me like she certainly likes you !
0	do n't listen to ignorant people , girl .
0	or you 're the one paying the rent ?
0	barry white ... anything , even just breathing , is sexy .
0	but i think u had this thoughts before marriage also..if im not wrong .
0	if you do it with him now you 'll regret it later i promise !
0	when you find love , you will definentily know it ! - i promise !
0	you keep on the way you are !
0	everyone deserves a second chance ! ... .but not a third ! !
0	do n't hint around about something like that .
0	she was a down to earth great person .
0	no life can be replaced ever ... not yours , not mine .
0	of course not.. unless u want a relationship only based on looks..
0	they do n't have mind ... believe me ; )
0	if u have to ask u have a problem
0	she is really scared of getting hurt once again .
0	do you want a buddy or a girlfriend ?
0	yeah , i think its about time , just use protection .
0	guys would n't date girls if they could n't get any action at all .
0	this my dear is totally unfair .
0	sometimes we forget that we simply need to ask .
0	it shouldnt be just about sex .
0	seriously , if you have to ask , you are an idiot
0	be honest , and accepting ... thats the christian way , huh ?
0	do some checking out before you ask him again .
0	love is love have it your way .
0	short answer , i guess i dont know ...
0	of course you girls give me your two cents worth too !
0	everybody wants to know this but nobody knows really ! ! !
0	so hang in there man there is a girl looking for the nice guy .
0	ask your mom and your blumber
0	i think true love only comes once .
0	i like being called pet but that 's just me ... . : )
0	no one uses drugs just for the fun of it .
0	i think tat 's are sexy as hell .
0	i would pick- > latin woman , hands down .
0	there 's some more , but it varies guy to guy ...
0	i dont know what to say sorry !
0	a book or cd that she really wants but dose n't have
0	yes but cheat on him first
0	and it would conqure all if emotions were not involved .
0	seems to me like mr. x is playing the field .
0	during sex ... are you a top or bottom ?
0	i am in love ( sort of ) and need to know
0	its ok to have friends but dont take it no further than that .
0	he says i tell our business but people around us already know .
0	girrrrrrrrl just as long as its not expired and make sure its a latex condom
0	if you care about the boy then tell him .
0	you obviously got married for a reason .
0	u had a baby and he 's not ready to be a daddy !
0	ok , who or what are you searching for ?
0	how to get even with a cheater
0	we have n't been intimate and i 'm scared to tell him .
0	well , u can start with that .
0	have i lost my best life : ( ?
0	especially when his head is shining .
0	i do n't know what to think .
0	women want their guy to know what they actually want.. without even saying !
0	just be your self , dont try too hard it will happen
0	thats like being with your dad and thats just sick .
0	my wife does not know , i do n't want her to know .
0	not many men out there like a woman that dresses trashy or slutty .
0	a lot of asian girls look like asian boys .
0	another trick is just get a boy toy to hang out with .
0	moving his head back and forth like a chicken ?
0	i was going to ask this one too !
0	why is he even having sex w/you if he 's gay ?
0	it is still paid , if you want further info .
0	if he dosent ell u , then that obvioysly means no .
0	you could try asking a girl out to start .
0	try to make her comfortable and assure her that you really love her
0	plus you said it yourself , you guys are all just really close friends .
0	no because your being a iddiot
0	ya just ask her and secretly go out wif dat person
0	oh yes oh oh oh yes yes yes yes yes ! !
0	if you ca n't talk about it yet , you 're not ready .
0	even if using it with your hand .
0	we love you guys and you let us do it .
0	not even sure what friendster is ?
0	trust god and you will know !
0	i prefer darker asian gals with lovely eyes
0	home and cook something special for him .
0	if you love your bf , you will trust him .
0	is that some sort of a miniture dog ?
0	do u even talk to her
0	my friend is real big and she has plently of guys wanting her .
0	app $ 400.00 , and it 's a lot more fun .
0	its good for me but i prefer morning
0	go to a place where you are all a lone and then just ask her
0	it 's too late dude , you 're not going to get one .
0	i like long haired guys too , but really ?
0	listening to what they have to say .
0	lip to lip is n't french kissin ... .usin tongue is french kissin
0	but you have to mean it .
0	wait till you are at least 30 ... twenties are too much fun .
0	i do n't want to jump to conclusions ...
0	men like them young and some men like them a bit to young .
0	hunny , its valled the 1 week rule !
0	find a friend that lives closer to you ... sorry
0	i will not ever do it again !
0	my husband still does n't have a job .
0	give me the real thing any day .
0	you date as many as u want until u purse a serious relationship w/ one
0	no your guy friend is not a good person to discuss it with .
0	you keep all men happy with that .
0	if it a sex headache , get over it already !
0	do you intend to disown any grandchildren born from this union as well ?
0	dont be shy and ask her .
0	my advice is to stop looking ...
0	bc its finds u not u find it
0	you can not make someone want to have sex with him .
0	if the time is right though .
0	well where a uniform ha ha ha ! ! !
0	how many times and how many people will ask this question ?
0	go a looooong time with out fighting .
0	proposed in jan fought in march got forgiven in oct. married in nov .
0	the sooner you do , the faster you can get on with your life .
0	or ask when it 's a good time
0	i mean hes going to be gone for 3-6 years .
0	wait until 15 to allow that , then mini golf with an adult escort .
0	try base.google.com , if you are seraching for a person
0	i am a girl and i love boys.especially cute ones
0	be yourself , take him somewhere that u like .
0	tu es mui bonita or tu es caliente !
0	well its your choice its about time you experience true pleasure
0	not because he wants you to .
0	depends who you ask ... some might find that hot .
0	fly over there and knock door to door .
0	go and speak with his homie .
0	why would you not of picked that as your best answer ?
0	thats so how bad things happen to ppl
0	now i know what your thinking .
0	will you do me the honor of marrying me ? ?
0	so in answer to your question ... ... ... ... .yes .
0	no tats , no piercings , thick hair but clean cut .
0	also , can you just move out ?
0	dating should be fun and not always trying to work problems out .
0	she is bit shy away and introward .
0	18+ because than your on your own
0	i think u guys need to talk -- -seriously !
0	give a nice smile and there ya go
0	then u can ask her out on a friendly get together .
0	if your looking for love wait on sex , you 'll thank me later ...
0	if it does then i 'm cheating waaaaay too much .
0	if it doesnt hurt , then its not love at all .
0	do mind not bieng # 1 on her list .
0	he just does n't want you with anyone else .
0	if she 's attractive then once/day is normal .
0	im college trying to get my degree in photograpghy !
0	did n't quite work out cause i lost both of them
0	well i think there is one out there for everyone !
0	dude 3 months and snuggs has given her answer already ...
0	because he 's a man - only deals with important things .
0	when someone plays w/ ur angus
0	always remember why you broke up .
0	why would she all of the sudden do this ?
0	well , do you like the boy who really likes you ?
0	no and the sad truth when you get married it is not unconditional either .
0	run like the wind and do n't look back
0	pick yourself up , dust yourself off & start all over again .
0	the gods are telling me no ...
0	and just like prettyricky say age ai n't nothing but a #
0	if you are , you just know .
0	it really depends on her past time frame
0	and it sound like he wants to control you girl
0	printed , colored , white ... .it doesnt matter : )
0	do n't beat yourself up about it .
0	wait till you think your in love then determian that question .
0	hmmm all goes back to what you want to believe ... .
0	you just might need to take it slower .
0	keep them and do n't look back .
0	no answer just i want to collect 2 points ; )
0	i am not saying that is right .
0	my personal favorite right now is angel eyes !
0	you wo n't lose it until u die .
0	whats good i need a gurl to talk to
0	what do guys do to show that they like a girl
0	i guess that it depends on the girl ur with
0	if u really love her go on and marry her .
0	or u can have a friend ask her 4 u .
0	if you get a good answer , let me know .
0	someone that you want to please is love .
0	say bye and do n't look back
0	( and that was almost 4 years ago ! ! ! )
0	well theres no real good way .
0	some ppl are just into really kinky things
0	the first thing i so do n't want to forget ... ... ..his words .
0	just tell him how you feel .
0	faith honesty beauty femininity what lies inside
0	they always say wat they do n't know wont hurt
0	its hard to remember when you 're with the next chick
0	i will still be working..no holidays for me : (
0	good friends do n't care if you ca n't call them .
0	if you like areal men men come chris_rou2000 @ yahoo.gr
0	you will have a nice life , if you make it that way .
0	or , he just does n't find you interesting .
0	i was the first one to ask this question .
0	some never , some sometimes & some all the time ... it all depends .
0	pretty gals can make guys extreme excited .
0	shame on you if you do !
0	you ca n't turn it on and off .
0	this is driving me crazy , what should i do !
0	but , that does n't mean that is has to be huge .
0	do n't do it just to make him happy .
0	first of all , you should n't do it over the phone .
0	i 'm going to tell it to ya straight .
0	in the first i said to you hi my honey .
0	maybe women are just more vocal , like they are in day-to-day life .
0	ask this question in december and i 'll tell ya .
0	but know this , men lie it 's like second nature .
0	he 's trying to close this one out ! ! ! ! ! !
0	just go out with another person .
0	is the thing that worth running all life after and die for ...
0	do n't give up on us baby .
0	you got ta get out there and talk to them .
0	the one with the bigger boobs .
0	yes yes and yes ... . if ur flexable
0	i found out that if i talked to guy friends of mine .
0	well , if your the one who wanted to break up , no .
0	many men are n't this way at all .
0	do let him go or hang on ?
0	now that gay and gay marriage has become law .
0	neither they both smell like curry
0	how old are the 2 of you ?
0	i agree with ans 1 & 3. just enjoy while u can .
0	you can never be to young to be inlove enjoy it
0	guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are .
0	how old are the 2 of you ?
0	i agree with ans 1 & 3. just enjoy while u can .
0	you can never be to young to be inlove enjoy it
0	guys tend to be not so emotionally excited as females are .
0	what if men couldnt screw women ... .would they resort to men ? ?
0	she helped out more seh was not only concerned with her appearance
0	if it 's okay with her , why not ?
0	i like men tall , dark and sexy .
0	just come out and say it .
0	go literotica.com i send my hubby stories from there .
0	he will not talk to me on the phone .
0	well.. i say it directly n quite frequently !
0	when my sister was nine she wanted one soo bad .
0	if he will not listen then leave .
0	but you are not for sure it could just be in your head .
0	weve had ups and downs but weve always pulled through everything .
0	11 and a virgin at that ? ? ! !
0	yes , depending on a person 's life experience .
0	no god is very very special !
0	where 's ur faith , and ur mountain ? ? ?
0	but a man is always a man .
0	i say atleast 3 times a week -- --
0	you do n't want it to fester .
0	! but look into your soul and find the right answer ! ! !
0	is he always living in my dreamland ? ~~
0	just curious , cause i 've heard arguments on both sides
0	18-25 - have fun , carpe diem .
0	i had them sign the setlist .
0	are u a database designer ?
0	it depends how they were in bed
0	tell him to stop jealous or ur life will be as hell
0	easy ... go to a place filled with hippies
0	should i stop being her friend ?
0	just try spending more time with your family .
0	get busy without him and watch him come running !
0	dont spend your time with a man that doesnt appreciate you !
0	u should be mad but do n't over do it .
0	there is a girl for you .
0	to young ... wait 2 more years at least : - )
0	if i only had one head i would cry .
0	can anyone tell me how to flirt ?
0	if these do n't work , give it up , there 's some other problem
0	i only like germs from people i know .
0	as soon as you see his eyes start to wonder its already too late .
0	yep that would be the quickist way to fin out .
0	it is just a number as long as u r healthy and happy .
0	but dont lay it on too thick cause she 'll think your cocky !
0	keep a tortia in ur pocket
0	probably not for most people though
0	( my bad ) and he 's doimincan with gorgeous light eyes .
0	time will tell ... she may never appear
0	did you ever just love an animal like a cat or dog ?
0	if you love him and give him the best sex in the world !
0	he will get annoy and you then can tell him to go away .
0	i know it 's crazy 4 wives in 20 years .
0	! dont ever say you cant meet your soulmate online !
0	it depend on youre out look .
0	catch aids , and you 've got it until it gets you !
0	we are not together at this time
0	love is meant with sincerity and compassion and hate is with deciete and lies
0	unless death was not natural and under investigation
0	trust me there are nice guys , i 'm one of them .
0	if he likes sports , then a jersey with his favorite team on it ...
0	now if youre butt ugly , please dont ask .
0	the lack of ... .. from one side or another..
0	they are all working on the farms girl lol .
0	as i can see you doing good with him so give me some tips !
0	tall , rather muscular but not arnold huge !
0	no one likes to be hurt .
0	but we want to feel wanted to
0	depends on what are u comparing it too .
0	trust your instincts they are usualy right .
0	ha ha ... ive heard that joke before
0	i think you strong and wise for that desicion
0	do you think that i have a chance with him ? ?
0	get with a close friend duh !
0	hope you will find your love soon : )
0	well most women do not need a man .
0	did you see the movie trois
0	try asking her if she 's trying to tell you something with this .
0	most do not , but some do .
0	enjoy the fantasy if you want , but forget making it a reality .
0	2 years will not matter unless you are really young
0	that person could really like you
0	anything , man , that you know she is into !
0	lust at first sight ... love at first conversation .
0	so is it possible , hell ya .
0	how old are you in the first place ?
0	well try to tell them reply me if you can marvinndlovu @ yahoo.com
0	but most of all , do n't try to be someone you are not .
0	she knows how to make men suffer !
0	your friend really cares about the guy .
0	there is a website called theclitoris.com .
0	stroke you up ( i forgot the artist )
0	when he 's constanly eyeing u and smiling .
0	too many people use that excuse .
0	we have been dating 3 1/2 yrs .
0	she can be a b -- ch for no reason .
0	she was lucky i didnt press charges .
0	would u want ur boyfriend 2 hang wit sum chick that liked him ?
0	i think grandfathers always right in these matters
0	sure , i have lady friends that hang out with me .
0	much easier than it is to switch back , i 'd imagine !
0	i think its changes things for the worse !
0	first of all your already asking the wrong question .
0	might as well say he lives with me .
0	whats the worst that could happen .
0	you ca n't help him unless you help him .
0	if you want it go ahead but put your own rules on it .
0	kind of like trying to take a shower with your clothes on .
0	that is a beautiful woman , something about her look does something to me !
0	tell him to leave you alone , and to go cluck him self .
0	should i stay or should i go ?
0	i would n't wait for him , i would dump him and move on .
0	first u have to think about the consiquinces .
0	um , i dunno , maybe he likes her personality ? ! ?
0	they are married or have boyfriends .
0	i hope this gives you a good start .
0	heck ya its possible , want some help ?
0	i 'm a guy and it kind of gives me the creeps .
0	just take it one day at a time , and see what happens ...
0	he said he was just thinking of something .
0	go get a job , and a car !
0	thats the way it is and will always be , dont know why .
0	i miss may family so much most importantly i miss my lil sis .
0	do you have food to eat ?
0	and then again dont be to high ! ! !
0	call your lover..your little ginger snap .
0	but i do n't remend being friends w/ benefits .
0	the problem is that i always end up looking for the wrong girl .
0	anyway she sounds like she meant a lot .
0	but , if you 're like 30 , most people will consider that weird .
0	think of this , take him to a resturaunt .
0	see if he talks or follow u a lot .
0	to try to get someone to like yourself .
0	i get you bro im tired of that shit happening
0	but i dont see the point either !
0	differnt ppl determain this in diffrent ways .
0	always willing to try new things , cheez_it_lord
0	put it this way it dont feel pretty .
0	how do you know that u ar in love wity someone ,
0	2-choose the right time { for a female } 3- words are very useful .
0	do not ask a guy if he likes you .
0	men wan na hump every day..unless they are cheating or gay .
0	if he does n't like u , u 'll know and can move on .
0	she is not your girlfriend anymore .
0	your wife has doubts , that given already .
0	why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
0	cuz i dont want my plans to get ruined !
0	i have to tell ya , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
0	if i only could pick just one !
0	your wife has doubts , that given already .
0	why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
0	cuz i dont want my plans to get ruined !
0	i have to tell ya , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
0	if i only could pick just one !
0	btw -- you guys are my 8-ball right now .
0	if u are a christain , then its a sin .
0	yes you and your husband should move to texas and become an engineer
0	lol i think its retarded to have gay marriages .
0	then , think about this ... -- i have food to eat .
0	i dont remember the first only the last min .
0	get the book , you wo n't regret it ! ! !
0	maybe you are a good person and you just dont get it .
0	if she was worth it then , she 's worth it now !
0	when he is comfortable , ask him if he 's been seeing anyone else ?
0	same answer for a gift for mom : 1 .
0	you wont have to ask this question
0	your not fat sweetheart your sexy !
0	it is a dumb way to mess up yours and your frens lives forever .
0	what did u get ur self into ?
0	if he drinks every day than thats to much .
0	okay here is my lil input .
0	i would call the police , just to protect the child .
0	i 've found that it usually means that they are inexperienced .
0	he probaly does if you are attractive and have a good personality
0	what if one day they did that s*** to you ! !
0	i do n't like too many muscles .
0	they do n't think with the right head ! ! ! !
0	why ca n't i get over this one person ?
0	my daughter is going out with a grade-lower boy .
0	its fun and its helps u move on .
0	its the same in both cases but there are some dudes who prefer big women
0	well i thought i was in love at 16 , then again at 17 .
0	if you hit her..even better , just don ’ t knock her out .
0	but some guys are just so good at cheating that you cant tell .
0	you say it for as long as you actually love her .
0	3 weeks i told her that i was falling for her .
0	get your devorse because you do n't love your husband any more .
0	most certainly ... the hardest part is keeping things going long distance ...
0	it 's undescribable but you will know when the time comes .
0	how can u tell if he is the love of your life ?
0	did you make actual plans or did you just ask him to come over .
0	it 's the thought that counts , really , it is .
0	like i said they are all jerks and assholes
0	if anyone abuses you in any way .
0	i am a christian so i want a christian respones .
0	well i found out they were seeing each other for almost a year .
0	been going out for 5 years ...
0	by being pretending a resposible / busy / gentle man .
0	i reckon if you do , you do
0	i gave u some addresses where u can meet gays without paying .
0	that should tell you she is honest and adventurous
0	woah , that was an easy question : )
0	i 'm 17 and still have n't had a date yet : (
0	when ever you both are in the mood for some lovin '
0	it 's only wrong if you say april fool afterwards .
0	if you do n't see each other !
0	i better answer the last questions !
0	but a could meet this fat girl that would die for you .
0	let me say this as calmly as i can ... ..absolutely ! ! ! !
0	do not ever even think about getting physically abusive just because you are angry .
0	lol try it ... or do sumthing huge ! ! !
0	good luck ask your lawyer !
0	even if you just had their first child ?
0	serve me is the idea i see .
0	guys/ girls love to talk also .
0	and he has to put me before video games .
0	i am going after my partner not the person they were with .
0	did he ask you to marry him ?
0	and yes it works the other way around .
0	too much detail than asked for .
0	sleep in my bed and see what happens : - )
0	do u want to speand the rest of your life with me ?
0	a good friend that will listen will help more than u can imagine
0	cook and clean for him : )
0	well , first i am going to put this out there .
0	it 's easy for me but for her it 's too big deal
0	you have to be strong and move on !
0	i did n't even gotten married during christmas season .
0	but merry christmas to you too !
0	the morning after a nightlong beer drinking taste testing contest
0	if so why and if not why ?
0	but easy may not be a good thing !
0	nope and nope and definately nope .
0	you would not like to do it always right .
0	i hope you find good news ... .
0	you 'll know it , no doubt about it !
0	isnt it illegal if ur under 18 ?
0	do you really want her back ?
0	kiss him goodnight and whisper i love you..
0	because laws very from state to state .
0	i would n't try to talk to her .
0	if you ar n't poly , just date one of them .
0	then decide if its actually worth your time to date her .
0	so good blessings with u & all-
0	if he 's that affectionate otherwise i doubt he 'd mind .
0	time will show and actions will prove !
0	one : why did you get married to him anyways ?
0	a lady in the st. , but a freak in the bed
0	if you dont , it wont be as good ... for any of you .
0	plus relationships now adays end up in divorce so why waste your time .
0	who matters more , mom or her ?
0	cuz i love somebody i dont even know at all
0	and , i tried to make her see/feel/know how much i love her .
0	one last advice : you have to want it as much as your partner .
0	all can see is there face & there voice sends cills down your back .
0	think of where her favorite places are- public or private ?
0	its girth not length that matters anyway .
0	maybe women are n't your thing ... . : ) ; )
0	first , wait for your sack to drop .
0	because guys are really weird and they like looking at girls boobs ad buts .
0	if you sacrifice too much of yourself then you wont be you anymore .
0	if you even have to ask , he 's not the one !
0	if i could rearrage the alphabet i woulf put u , and i together .
0	he seems like a wise dude .
0	why dont you go a bit slower .
0	let this child be a child .
0	start by just talking say you know ?
0	i think it means she does n't like kids who spell it luv .
0	depends on what type of violence .
0	they are quiet because they like the girl
0	you are not over the relationship with this guy .
0	just have to show that u want it .
0	no las vegas style weddings , either .
0	! ur loser if dont do something positive k ?
0	but , i learn and i have fun .
0	i 'll call you when i wake up , i promise .
0	i still think u ' l get a better reaction in person !
0	stranger of the night i 'll always love u
0	see how things go after that .
0	to me it sends the wrong signal .
0	have you ever known a guy who did n't cheat ?
0	love ... ... is friendship that has caught on fire .
0	i love her and i want all whit my girlfriend , my life .
0	if the answers are no to all the question then i run !
0	you need to get a new man .
0	i want to bless ( i.e. , cause good ) my kids .
0	never ask any questions - always tell or do
0	i think from 19-25 by then you are fully mature .
0	she wont be much else to you..
0	no but i went to school there .
0	well..why is she mad at you ?
0	i broke up with my boyfriend so i am single ! !
0	even if she came back would you honestly be able to trust her ?
0	girls always wait for the guys to call.bc they dont want to seem clingy .
0	maybe i just liked my bf to much .
0	i always had a blast just playing games and laughing .
0	but i am over girls ! !
0	does he touch u alot make comments toward how u look ...
0	i really think it depends on you two..
0	ive found someone but it took alot of patience and time .
0	there might be some but where they are i do not know .
0	and y shud u break up if he really likes u ? ? ?
0	friends and husband who clain to love you wouldnt do that !
0	the previous night she asked about moving in with me .
0	be the bigger woman in this .
0	just continue to be her friend tell her later that you care about her .
0	( he did n't do that , did he ? )
0	and the rejection hotline is always good too lol
0	ii think the age is 16
0	ok let me answer u straight to the point !
0	ask to borrow his credit cards .
0	you can say if there was no trust , these would not have existed .
0	hope you are the one with tons of experience .
0	what makes you so worried that he would cheat ?
0	just consider if you think that it 's worth it .
0	start having fun with them and making friends .
0	def not a sign of appreciation.is that why u do ?
0	see if homeschooling works for him .
0	obviously you need him to love you !
0	not that we ever finish the movie anyway .
0	if you applyed as much thought to that you would probly make all a 's
0	if hes not cooroperting try social services .
0	well you know what they say right treat them rough u get the muff
0	was any wrote up when you got married ?
0	are you really really sure you want him back ?
0	it depends on your mom ... are you close to her ?
0	date a leftover , lose a friend .
0	but all in all , it can be a great start to great things !
0	these are not people who care about you or your child .
0	if i had to pick one though it would be ... loveless sex .
0	guys are like a rubber band .
0	i guess that makes them horney !
0	be a man and just ask .
0	what your just dieing to do right now mmmmmm and as that fire ! !
0	start by telling him that you guys wont be home .
0	this might not work if hes determined to do drugs .
0	i would marry him because he is so good looking .
0	probably hates you , but in some cases they like you
0	if they flip you off take it as a no , and go away
0	do not be the only guy .
0	( she so needs to know this ! )
0	its cheap and it wont mean anything to her .
0	if you have to ask , you are n't .
0	do you two have many problems ?
0	someone to love , and love them back .
0	u dont program urself to certain levels it just happens !
0	what does he say when you ask him about it ?
0	you would be very busy and taken care of ! ! !
0	and if you dont see that then i suggest you find a new mirror .
0	if that doesnt disturb your daily routine or schedule , its no way bad .
0	if only it were that easy .
0	heres an easy one ask him ! !
0	leave your husband , and dump your friend , thats sad
0	i do n't about dumbest but definitely the worst .
0	yup ... go search your name..i found there to be several pages ... : )
0	before they pulled the plug 2 months ago
0	that or be sick for the day .
0	but once they start they cant stop .
0	i 'm sure you 'll be fine : )
0	tell him you love surprises so much you can have'em everday ! !
0	i do n't remember who it was from ? ? ?
0	buy a green hat chicks dig green hats
0	if he does n't like her , why is he with her ?
0	i ca n't say this stuff again b/c i enjoy spending time w/her .
0	just give it all you 've got .
0	some guys find there same gender attractive o.o
0	just because your partner didnt feel like telling you ?
0	it 's strictly for fun and i expect no serious involvement .
0	ugh , that 's tough to hear guys say that .
0	if they are crazy crazy do n't go .
0	well , i guess you could try to find a skank and just f**k .
0	tell me what you make of this
0	well most guys i know do n't really have any feelings .
0	u should probably just show up .
0	do him a favor not sex if u dont want but just get him happy
0	shure i dont see why not .
0	guys are broutht up to think if you feel your not a man .
0	that way you will surely get over it .
0	the right age will be if any girl asks you for that ...
0	they want control and the only way they can get it is through u .
0	look at you waiting for him !
0	there are many many gods ( supposedly ) .
0	it might work , but probably not if you get married .
0	the right age will be if any girl asks you for that ...
0	they want control and the only way they can get it is through u .
0	look at you waiting for him !
0	there are many many gods ( supposedly ) .
0	it might work , but probably not if you get married .
0	either you are gay or you 're not .
0	however , that guy you were with is a real jerk !
0	girl u should go and see a doctor ...
0	now-a-day 's it 's mostly looks that we want .
0	i am very happy person-whats that tell ya .
0	you can be sexy - try it !
0	yes i do it/cz then i enjoy more
0	i for one do not do that ! !
0	girls like to flirt , though , i 'll give you that .
0	but trust me , dont ever go back to him .
0	like many have said talk w/ your girl .
0	show her you realize you were a bonehead idiot .
0	i dont think you really ever know .
0	i am now 8 mos pregnant .
0	let me guess your either in high school or junior high .
0	try adamandeve.com they have rubber coated vibrating ones .
0	! ... there are good men..we just have to weed them out ...
0	you do n't need a girlfriend to be happy ... ..
0	you dont need gods love , learn to love yourself and all else will follow
0	in the morning ... right after you wake up .
0	them giving in can just make things worse .
0	alot of people love the internet yes even me its not so bad
0	neither really ... . say byebye and im keeping the pets ... .
0	that is wat my best bud did at a chris ledoux concert
0	but mabey im wrong has he told any one you were together ?
0	i found a couple here ... i hope this helps .
0	only if you like beautiful beaches and nice weather .
0	it will be your last kiss .
0	just thought of the song when this question came up .
0	: ) that 's a good one though .
0	dont be a assaholic and say stuff like ha your stupid
0	just keep thinking about how nasty the other girls mouth is .
0	i have a boyfriend sence 3yrs ago .
0	hey i know you will find someone but you have to love yourself first .
0	maybe you do n't get out enough .
0	find a way to join in a thing where she goes .
0	because they used to masturbate in young-age
0	if there 's grass on the field , play ball ! !
0	she will think you hung the moon !
0	but do you really want a cheater back ? ?
0	it even has the part in the book that talks about your issue .
0	do n't act like a slug ... get active ... get into it !
0	knight rider does n't look so bad now does it .
0	but a lot of guys do n't see it that way .
0	its not in the penis ... its if you know how to use it !
0	try it chat or somewhere else .
0	i was just wondering because a lot of my friends do that..
0	do n't just say it to say it .
0	just ask her how to please her .
0	and believe me , you would love it !
0	you did not mention what is your relationship with her .
0	i guess by spelling horny properly ?
0	yes she can get pregnant cause it 's not very safe .
0	i am so sorry about this question ! !
0	wow , i feel sorry for you !
0	so do n't worry about embarassing your self .
0	you couldnt see that from where your at though .
0	crawl up a chickens a** and wait
0	so when i am wih girls i dont care .
0	if you are afraid of him yelling april fool !
0	but when it comes to cheating ... never .
0	just look for the gay men .
0	talk to her , see wat she likes , wat shes into .
0	i mean , where they with their bfs or were they single ?
0	or , actually is it weird nowadays to think about sex all the time ?
0	( i would 've cheated on you anyway )
0	i know it seems too casual -- but the relationship is so new !
0	dont get something for the girl .
0	if he wants to stay with her , let him !
0	do n't go to bars or clubs .
0	listen to the blink 182 song stay together for the kids .
0	the best decision i ever came up with was to let him be .
0	you can writte in spanish too
0	that depends : my first time around what ?
0	i try to get her to relize that im not interested .
0	teenagers can have sex from the age of 18
0	( sorry for my english , i can speak very well )
0	u think a girlfriend can make you happy ?
0	wait until you are at least 22 !
0	ex girlfriend says i love u to my boyfriend
0	you have not lost anything in the ex or the friend/fam member .
0	think of which one u would wan na be with forever .
0	and a lot of men have become use to getting over on women .
0	he may be just playing a game .
0	ur gon na loose ur friend , maybe a tooth or two
0	from your mother or father= anytime .
0	others u could tell cuz they act different !
0	stay with the one you love and have sex with the other one
0	i feel really guilty about it .
0	i do n't think it matters if you act like it .
0	well how do you know her ?
0	is your girl an ax murderer ?
0	well if you love him and are over 16/17 then yes ...
0	put favorite tunes on the radio or play favorite cd 's .
0	i would not tell even with the gurantee - you or him !
0	what if we want to be left alone ?
0	home plate if you 're talking about baseball .
0	if sterling & real love then commune
0	'why is this grown man hanging around children ? '
0	oh and one more thing once and drug addict always and addict .
0	u have 2 choose good luck
0	puhlease ... borrow sugar once but after that she 's on to you .
0	you should be friends with yourself first .
0	i really like him but dont know how he feels .
0	if you ca n't get enough ... you love her .
0	you are just saying merry christmas .
0	i can definitely tell you he 'll call the next day .
0	he wo n't admit he cheated because he still cares .
0	if you hit it off woth someone right away great !
0	chances are they 've done all the things that your doing now .
0	not if you do n't know what to do with it .
0	wait until you have a wedding ring on your finger !
0	change you adress and leave him alone .
0	talk about what you both like and be her friend .
0	there are lots of nice guys out there .
0	if you were so pissed then why did n't you say anything ?
0	either she does or she does n't .
0	maybe they are n't getting what they want
0	lingerie just comes off quickley anyway !
0	just do what ur deepest soul says.good luck
0	but i guess it really depends on the person .
0	how can i get over this asap ?
0	it doesnt work and will only end up hurting you !
0	im just wondering if thats normal ?
0	i feel like a total fool .
0	might as well just get her a ring !
0	not all men are so sex crazy .
0	get dolled up and watch that suckers tongue hang out .
0	alot of people dont like sex .
0	ill ask my mom when she comes home if i can see you .
0	okay ... you just have to know that not everyones out to get you .
0	so here 's your holiday hope you enjoy it this time .
0	be as ur nature is , smile and speak by ur eyes
0	second , that depends on what type of person your mom is .
0	damn , i thought i was the only one ...
0	the wat to tell if you feel like they are hidding somting .
0	well ... you can always try a dating site .
0	you either trust her or you do n't .
0	over the age of 18 and when you get married !
0	i used to hang all over my girl friend .
0	my bf told me beat him up
0	face it girlfriend ... men only do this when they are dating us .
0	my husband had been cheating on me since we had a baby .
0	sure we have all thought of it .
0	and this is just brutal honest .
0	patience my friend is the secret..
0	dont just stay home doing nothing cuz then you 'll really be depressed .
0	i have n't had that problem that god ! !
0	women can get laid anytime , jut hit a local biker bar ! !
0	and i do n't swear like you !
0	it depends on what of your 's you showed me
0	if i am mad i will not put out or have sex .
0	like , when he calls , say , i am so busy !
0	she wanted 'our ' day to be 'our ' day .
0	tell him you wont tolerate his lies ... ... .
0	depends on how long you have been with her but i think be love
0	do n't know do you come on strong ?
0	r e s p e c t just like the song says
0	sometimes it can scare the guy off , if he is committment phobic ...
0	then if you dont you 'll live a miserable life !
0	then you find yourself in a real quandary !
0	is when u think about dat person more than u do urself
0	why not a proposal to go then too ?
0	guys want to have sex much more than girls .
0	you got three options 1 ) tell him you need to see him more !
0	but if u do answer below : d thanks !
0	in fact ; alot of men cheat on women but not all of them .
0	guys always leave certain tales when they are cheating .
0	would you honestly not care seeing another girl with your man ?
0	how comfortable am i with this guy ?
0	trust me , i was 20 and i screwed crap up .
0	no - men are useless at remembering dates .
0	something you do or do n't do , he does n't like .
0	women like that make lots of other women look bad .
0	god hates divorce hang in there ... .
0	embaress ur self in front of a whole bunch of ppl ! ! !
0	if they go first ... ..it 's pretty much over .
0	games- it 's fun or easier , and they like wining .
0	if you get one easily is she really worth it ?
0	obviously this guys wife is not .
0	of course i would be mad .
0	ever thought about what 'll happen after boot camp ?
0	you ca n't force people to like you if they just do n't .
0	a person has to want to change !
0	talks about himself ... about how he needs to improve his looks ... etc ...
0	but if he doesnt know how to use it then it better be big .
0	i do n't know but if you find out please let me know lol
0	i 'll do everything i can to see you tomorrow .
0	i left and it was the best move i ever made , while pregnant .
0	if he says yes then ask him why he does it to you ! ?
0	marry the one with the big b**bs .
0	i like the name sia and manav
0	1.money 2.husband 3.and a child and finally bla bla
0	so give him a pair of glasses then he will see the big picture .
0	if hes for real he 'll ask u to marry him = )
0	if it 's true you love him , then love him !
0	just turning up after 9 years without contact may freak her out .
0	i just saw your avatar.. now ... here 's mine ! !
0	looks , personality , inteligence , sense of humor
0	asian woman are known for that huh ?
0	tell him that you love him
0	if your doing it right youll know
0	it 's probably just boys being boys .
0	if you got anymore questions hit me up at eidal3 @ yahoo.com
0	look first try getting your self-esteem up do things you would never do .
0	some people you ca n't tell cuz they can hide it very good !
0	there are different kinds of love mum - > son love .
0	you are not still a slut ... .you 're an ex-slut .
0	dont worry about gettign over , worry about getting on with things .
0	sorry girls it is n't our fault !
0	hope this has been helpful ; )
0	that is the best thing you have to do ! !
0	leaving the place , or better , the country !
0	he will not look at you in the eyes .
0	chloroform and zipties.. late night mall parking garages..
0	if he 's not interested he 's not .
0	i dunno ... tap his leg twice , or something .
0	after you have define what psycho really means for you .
0	most of all , do n't loose yourself in the hate and anger .
0	look him in the eye and ask him that .
0	necklace or a braclet but not a ring .
0	about your lovers , which you cant with your lover .
0	of course it is good for you !
0	my husband is wants me to try new things in bed .
0	do what is best for you .
0	some ppl do that to get attention by getting mad .
0	i depend on him for everything and couldnt financially make it with out him .
0	because they dont have girls to fuck .
0	i dont see anything weird here .
0	do what your gut tells you .
0	break up with your boyfriend and go out with the other guy .
0	if they are virgin its better .
0	having their dad around , ignoring you ?
0	if you want her to like you .
0	they have been friends for 3 years and are both christions .
0	i was an insecure little kid back then .
0	she married me and now i hardly touch her at all .
0	ur child may not be gay ... he may just be going through a faze
0	i think u should rephase that .
0	( if worse comes to worse , use anything but cologne )
0	i 've got slightly above average looks , and am pretty smart and cool
0	there was a girl that i was talking to in august .
0	do what you got ta do to keep what you have !
0	great stuff and no you 're not alone !
0	stop being a bitch and asking us on the net go find her .
0	in love we do it to express how much we love .
0	they will say : i will never do this again .
0	most guys will be totally flattered that they are being asked .
0	ciao bella , you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa .
0	ciao bella , you ara the womana offa mia dreamsa .
0	they 're just as special as american brunettes
0	or else u will chase al ur loved 1 's away wiv ur behaviour .
0	no phone call , so i take things into my own hands .
0	just talk 2 her she 'll understand
0	i have been married for 6 years and have 2 kids .
0	unexpectable persons mostly are amazing and unique
0	samart and pretty but naughty does help
0	i would try a pawn shop
0	i know that i 'm in love though !
0	yeah it does , just like girls .
0	if you 're the type that says , are you ok ?
0	that will in turn make the girl happy and you win .
0	if you are married u can still be friends .
0	i am in love with * & $ % & ! ! !
0	what do u mean by that ?
0	anyway either way you will know .
0	girl , kick him out the door .
0	problems cant be solve if dont have the gots ! !
0	if she does it everytime you have love , she 's faking it .
0	like some nice jeans and a small , white t-shirt .
0	people cheat because they need approval that they are wanted and needed ! ! !
0	what to wear so just what sort of clothes turn girls on ?
0	what do i do and how do i tell him ?
0	they should be white - with a subtle opalesence that catches in the sun .
0	last year my brother stole me a winter coat .
0	maybe you should ask her that way .
0	i do n't want to see you anymore . )
0	- she just may feel the same way !
0	u definetly should n't have done that hoodie thing .
0	verbal abuse is just as bad .
0	then , listen and follw her advice ! !
0	he just does little suttle things he never did
0	i have tried to get over it .
0	you already know the answer do n't you ?
0	ill say yes or no when he ask me.if you asked me ill say yes
0	has not done anything ... anything means anything ... so can you be gay ?
0	dirt scums looks more macho and are carefree ...
0	just tell her how you feel and if it dont work out move on
0	when he 's away , you wonder if he 's cheating .
0	she could have a lot of stds
0	you just climb on board and holler , yeehaw !
0	in the end your gut is usually right .
0	anyway , good luck and merry christmas !
0	is it what they buy you ?
0	if you do n't beleive me take a chance .
0	because they do not love the person that they are cheating on .
0	because there are other easy women out there
0	some of the guys i know are mean .
0	women do n't deserve men who treat us like trash .
0	yes there are girls that are not worth dating .
0	call him and say it 's over .
0	get a haircut or new clothes .
0	how else would you not be able to figure it out ? !
0	and religion does n't mean anything in this case .
0	when u just say it and dont wait for a best time to come
0	the answer is b'cuz you feel good having that person with you .
0	no matter what anybody says gays are wrong .
0	and then she will be like umm ...
0	what in the hell are you doing with a married man ? ? ?
0	if she moves in a little , than kiss her .
0	i say get an education and then worry about that !
0	no there 's nothing wrong with you !
0	if they are in love with you , great .
0	but this i know is just the want for sex and nothing else .
0	or sexual intercourse if you 're an adolescent .
0	being hurt is hard , but you need to move on .
0	its too bad women are not more easily aroused .
0	you should n't be with them because you deserve better .
0	plus they get the best of both worlds by not admitting to it !
0	i see you on here alot .
0	u r looking in the wrong place .
0	it will make the kid happy , and you double win .
0	at least not in the wrong anyways
0	love is not the question in love is the question .
0	trade her a pack of twinkies if she breaks up wiht you
0	o and hes a sensitive guy
0	but think of what the future holds .
0	so you asked , what is god 's name ?
0	player to ex- player true game is just what it sounds like .
0	if you like her , then tell her .
0	and then think of something they both can enjoy .
0	just go ahead and follow your heart .
0	if u want a peace full life dont behind money .
0	i think if i did that so the gift will not be a gift
0	infatuation ... ... says , we must get married right away .
0	just remember it is women they are cheating with !
0	that means not calling him just a friend or someone you know !
0	has your sex life diminished any ?
0	dude -- only you can answer that question ! !
0	thanks everyone for ur reply ! !
0	and also someone to do the heavy work ( ha ! ha !
0	no you are not fat and yes you can get good looking man
0	and who knows love better than books eh ? ?
0	what do you smell like ?
0	just between you and her , if u can do that .
0	i mean the girlfriend not the crush .
0	men think it is easy to make someone happy that is already happy .
0	bots just anoy us while we are chatting
0	if i was a girl i 'd be gay .
0	would n't it depend on number of people invited ?
0	once and ex leave them an ex .
0	the man takes this as why did n't you call ?
0	girls have no clue what love is .
0	if your desperate than make the move !
0	and not trying to impress her ... ... ... .2 much !
0	i do n't think he 'll do it voluntarily .
0	but i love him to death .
0	let them see you at your best .
0	u better treat him 2 date ...
0	the average penis size is 5.5 inches hard
0	that way you can get used to it .
0	depending on how u look at it and mean .
0	hmmm ... vin diesel b/c he 's a hottie .
0	unfortunately , all of em cheat so not good guys .
0	they have n't been togeather for very long ! !
0	i knew her , and he always said they were just friends .
0	he/she might be the one you are in love with : d !
0	i do n't think you wan na be tina again .
0	you like someone because of and you love them in spite of .
0	because guys are just interested in looks .
0	and never let a man do that to you again .
0	sounds to me , you went after a high maintence girl .
0	2 types of love : love 'the verb ' & love 'the feeling ' .
0	right i just said it to you .
0	because being mean for them is to find themselves and being happy
0	then all you have to say is i l-o-v-e y-o-u
0	yes , but why would she want to ?
0	they had a bad first-experience c. they think guys are only after sex .
0	*wink* ) good luck ... ... i 'll be rooting for ya !
0	` coz she was a virgin before you
0	sometimes they do n't see it looking at them .
0	do n't worry , she will forget him when she will get 18
0	little shy girl , i see you have posted a lot of questions .
0	does he not want to see me ?
0	he may go to jail too .
0	or ask yourself : am i ready for a kid ?
0	i wouldnt cheat on u if u were nice
0	i 'm sure that any girl would be happy to hear it : )
0	i honestly believe that most people are bent on what other folks are doing .
0	how can u identify true love ?
0	because maybe you can try me 4 size .
0	maybe you 're just not this person 's type ... .
0	yes you should because that very bad to forget someone birthday or christmas too you
0	i am gon na wish people happy 2006 !
0	no my wife wnt give oral sex i know how you feel call back
0	may i take you out to dinner ?
0	so why dont u fight for it !
0	i do n't know why but i just ca n't help it .
0	and it 's toolate to turn back .
0	just make sure the person your havin sex with does n't have an std
0	so b cool n u r going to b allright !
0	i found the profile under there .
0	listen dont look for love because if its right it will find you ! !
0	well if you really like him you could give him a little more time .
0	do women do this to men ?
0	is it really fair to love one more than the other ?
0	please help me i dont know what to do ! !
0	you have to think of everything..
0	i dont think the money was everything in your situation .
0	just want to know 'bout general thinking
0	heres what the recording will say .
0	and everytime i tell him its over , he wont leave me alone
0	she is living with him now in adultery .
0	not about how nice a guy is .
0	no its not if you realy care about someone ! !
0	be original.do n't copy someone else 's idea .
0	its hard to tell with men am i right ?
0	probably 20 percent of married people .
0	when you are willing to risk something to be with that someone
0	if you are just having a tough time ...
0	the movie line , do n't say anything
0	no , i would n't pack up and leave .
0	guys prefer girls that know when to be naughty and when to be nice .
0	but that does not mean that career and money are not important .
0	because good girls are gullible and bad girls want it too ... .hehe
0	but i 'll never go back , never .
0	or maybe , men are afraid to hurt girl 's feelings about it .
0	learn ... grow ... enjoy your baby , i doubt they will .
0	the money does n't matter , the love does .
0	by how you precieve how he treates you
0	and at night ... kiss her like none other !
0	us guy need to think with are big head not with are lil head .
0	go to aol.com and find chat then find that room .
0	either ignor him or tell him off
0	it will make her mad as hell
0	get rid of both of them .
0	but good luck , and happy gaming .
0	yes some day the perfect match will come along
0	if he did it to you ... you know the rest .
0	some people dont even have the money to buy things .
0	maybe one day ask her to the movies or something .
0	ignore the exs , go for the new girl and be open with her
0	would you ****willingly**** spend your life with her until you die ?
0	you wont believe this anyway ..but age 52
0	i 've liked this girl since i was 19 y/o .
0	look around her room or apartment to see the kind of things she likes .
0	is there any girl from punjab.i want to make her my good friend
0	if not , try to give him little hints .
0	i hope it all works out .
0	names , does the child have his father 's last name or yours ?
0	be open and honest about it and dont be surprised if ppl laugh .
0	i 'm tired of all those ghetto @ ss guys trying to be pimps .
0	but do n't be a wuss either !
0	wait until you have been dating at least 1 year ! !
0	u must choose one of them regardless all the difficulties
0	except , you could start flirting with her .
0	if you get started today ... you might have something in hand by xmas .
0	not tonight honey i have a headache
0	see if she wants to have a go at it .
0	why do n't you ask him to invite one of his boy friend ?
0	thats the easiest thing to do ! !
0	if you think he is not , then dump him !
0	its 6:34 on new years eve and im all alone .
0	imo you dont love your boyfriend .
0	j/sayin this happened to me last week .
0	cause they are pretty and sexy , soemthing between the ears would be helpful .
0	if she is not screaming it , try asking .
0	what 's mom trying to tell you ?
0	might have something to do with thier childhood .
0	i do n't think u 'll find easly ... . girls always think themslves rare
0	or try to find my true love ?
0	for some reason we always want what u ca n't have .
0	u have to choose between the two as to whome u love the most .
0	do n't let egos to come in .
0	or were you pisst because you did n't go ?
0	i 'm 15 , too but i do n't worry about it at all .
0	if you think hes attracted to you then go for it !
0	do yourself a huge favor and get the heck out of there !
0	go and tell her , that u miss her
0	or is it just a physical attraction ?
0	once a cheater , always a cheater .
0	lol dont know what type of girl u are ... .i hope i helped
0	i love chicks who dig vidio games
0	just say srry and go off with some other ppl .
0	ditch him you can do better
0	well u never will intell u stand up and talk to them
0	i had the most fun day ever !
0	oh yes , just do n't subtitute , use the real ones .
0	i probably first told mine when i was a little kid ...
0	hi , your name here ... .. then she will respond .
0	two : why did you get divorced anyways ?
0	( rarely works , if it does be careful ) where else ...
0	why not just get a man ?
0	dont trust ... **** her forget her
0	i dont know what it is , but im dead serious .
0	three : track him down with a pi , like inspector claseau .
0	would you be alright if you tried it and ended up hating eachother ?
0	! just go directly to what ur weaknesses and redirect it ! ! !
0	commitment , sense of humor , love and some money too wo n't hurt
0	no sista , i don tink so .
0	i do n't want to eat here .
0	a feeling that can never be explained
0	do you always look your best ?
0	we split up because he had to move .
0	true love stories do n't have endings !
0	love is when you like someone alot .
0	if it had n't been her , it would have just been someone else .
0	i always start my love letters with , hello beautiful , or hello sexy
0	if she 's mad 4 a dumb reason .
0	age aint notin but a numba .
0	! anyway just always remember we are all humans ! !
0	if you truly like this guy then be his friend .
0	if you really like the girl.. you know what makes her happy .
0	where you always not so interested in sex ?
0	3rd , keep your legs shut until at least the 3rd date .
0	we say that we love you sometimes just b/c you say it first .
0	and then i would think about 35 more years ... .
0	just watch football and take your laptop with you !
0	wow ... .have u talked to her since ?
0	it 's fun doing it and watching it to
0	maybe even a guy who isnt in juvinile .
0	how do you know love is in you ? ?
0	if you have gay intensions then try it - see if you like it .
0	well well well what are you doing there ?
0	goofy you can relax with and mysterious guys are just too much work .
0	there was a man in my life .
0	if he did something bad then no if he didnt then yes
0	if you work with them think about getting a new job .
0	get her plastic earrings from clair 's .
0	you have to remember that what you children see ... they become !
0	ask him , if you did it would it make him uneasy !
0	please send any help info that is available .
0	no wonder your avatar looks so sad .
0	i was just curious cause i wan na try with my boyfriend .
0	have you ever heard of the saying that there is someone for everybody ?
0	looks dont really matter to girl.be funny .
0	do not attempt to do this with someone you know .
0	dude its like asking what can i do to grow .
0	but he didnt tell me that he was moving his cosin did .
0	the body language ... she will laugh at everything .
0	only if he makes less money than you do .
0	now i am working retail and i like what i do .
0	no if you hear that they are wrong or lying .
0	have you tried stalking , that tends to work .
0	if he hit you once , he might do it again .
0	you do n't really have to ask her out persay .
0	so here 's your holiday hope you enjoy it this time .
0	6 to 6 and a half inches .
0	both have the same level of perseption ! !
0	you should n't ask out a 14 year old , that 's too young !
0	then you can look for weighted or heaver duty ones .
0	im so tired of him ... it ; s not even funny .
0	there are men who are not like that .
0	if you want romance , give it .
0	and please dont let yourself develop a hard or bitter heart !
0	yes , even if he 's in jail .
0	not very hard , if you 're hott
0	if you do n't really care about her , then go for the career .
0	uhh , if you 're a man it sure does .
0	i do n't want my son to know because he is only 8 .
0	) if he refuses/ he 's not with you anyway .
0	not only your body matures with age , also your mind and character .
0	: ) much love to you in this hard time .
0	cuddle , kiss , makeout , and then help him get some relief .
0	when you do n't have to ask anybody if you are or not .
0	it applies to guys and gals both .
0	how to approch them and ask them ?
0	damn , i want that for christmas !
0	just think about all the bad , that can go with the good : )
0	you just have to learn to trust people .
0	ipod with her favourite nos 2 .
0	part of it says : kids ca n't cause divorce !
0	romance is the ultimate key ... rose petals ... music .
0	work it out or move on and quit playing with your heart !
0	yes sweetie if u r still comfortable with him u shud ! !
0	bring her flowers ... flowers are good.. remember that ! ! !
0	as i said before - greed
0	yup that should about cover it .
0	wait until your late 20 's early 30 's .
0	i would cut ties with so-called fam member/friend .
0	hi sweety , i used to be bio .
0	if you really care about your friend , find someone else .
0	if your girlfriend too aproches him then you should seprate from them ...
0	any more questions e-mail me at allarcon88 @ yahoo.com
0	that depends on who i 'm with .
0	youve lost that loving feeling ... . affair
0	im 19 and married to the father of my 2 yr old child .
0	ok.. there is this girl that is absesed of me .
0	; ) but do talk more when you 're around with crowds .
0	any ideas as to what i should do and what i could get her ?
0	no u want to stay friends w/ this person right ?
0	just a thought ... things that make you go hmmmm
0	so they like us naughty and nice for sure .
0	( this is when she wants casual relationship with him . )
0	and you need this 3 things mature enough to enjoy sex .
0	they both have very good points ... and do not have sex before marriage !
0	i take it that you are a christian .
0	you wo n't believe how many girls hate sex because either a .
0	it is not just men , women are like that too .
0	likewise , do n't get him anything similar .
0	try to sneak around and get an idea of what she likes first !
0	well , lucky you if you only met such guys .
0	ask what turns a guy off instead .
0	after u see that there all gay shoot them
0	i 'm still looking for an answer
0	my fiance and i are going to have two weddings .
0	just hang out with him , and act like you like him .
0	i never hung around gay people being raised .
0	keep your lips relaxed , at first you dont even have to use tongue .
0	the last one i was in i married the guy .
0	you find the right guy someday .
0	i dunno , even if she like you , and then she 'll prob .
0	because they think in the same way like us .
0	let me tell you that really does hurt
0	just waiting for him to make up his mind
0	yours was not one of them .
0	because we can beat off to them when we cant hump a hore
0	no , i dont think your wrong .
0	and the next day say srry again .
0	but never stoop to his level by trying to get revenge !
0	i actually had the same problem with another chick .
0	good sex is ... . not all sex is good .
0	she is ready to be kissed .
0	hang in there do n't give up man ... ..
0	not in love but in like
0	thanks for playing i hope i got this rite ( jk ! )
0	do n't believe anyone who says there is !
0	i can not imagine life without kids .
0	if the juices are still flowing then great !
0	leave your husband and find a new best friend
0	if a guy becomes involved with a girl , does he have to cheat ?
0	give me an instance ... .yes i am single go figure .
0	what did your best friend do ?
0	please , write what you think ok ?
0	girls like jewelery , flowers and expensive things
0	i thought he was a great guy - perfect man .
0	to much sifting through the sand and ur gon na find a broken glass .
0	my world is brighter because you walk in it ...
0	wow that was hard , mentally retarded or just fantasizing about him too much ?
0	jennifer lopez is the right one 4 me ... ... ... ; )
0	have you tried beer and pizza ? ?
0	it kinda blew up in my face .
0	just checking this out , because i was curiuos when i found it.= )
0	not all girls care about money .
0	both girl and boy are living happily ever after ! !
0	get it tattooed on your chest .
0	he 's hot and funny and hot and sort of smart
0	best shape n models to d eyes of anyone does n't gaurantee d best !
0	make her a basket of personal favorites
0	i do n't want him to go else where .
0	bring her around ur mom more .
0	yeah u can its weird but then again the way love works is strange itself
0	if so then just show up and see what happens .
0	i am 23 and i have 2 kids with my husband .
0	yes , men do need attention , but women need it too !
0	you said it beautifully already , now just say it to her .
0	they care about no one except their self .
0	yes , but they can never get divorsed so , but you can
0	we will probably get married one day and have talked about it recently .
0	think about it i mean seriously what do u think it feels good
0	but remember , pretty n sexy gals also like handsome n macho man !
0	his answer is good enough for me ...
0	yea the r and t are right next to each other on the keyboard lol
0	they 're probably little kids who think it 's funny .
0	not all some of people in this genaration ...
0	and girls do go for a good aftershave - that means the expensive stuff !
0	some pretty n sexy gals n handsome hunks stinks !
0	im afraid i will look stupid ! !
0	dress up nasty and do unsual sexual things ; )
0	sure , head off to the alter !
0	umm i wouldnt get jewlery for a female friend .
0	by the he looks at u
0	then , flirt him back to you ! ! !
0	sex is not that big of a deal .
0	being a full time mom is a job !
0	focus on finding a mate , not getting a girl .
0	who big of a babe are you ?
0	we want a fairytale at least i do .
0	maybe you really do n't want a girl friend .
0	they would never do anything to hurt me eather
0	usually those do n't last too long , but they 're probably the easiest .
0	usually if she 's talking to you she likes you
0	someone who i can be totally myself , good and bad .
0	of course not , go ahead and goodluck
0	so that 's what she might be doing .
0	do n't expect him to pull this off , it 's up to you .
0	first , it really sucks that you are homeless ! !
0	look at what she wears and get her something similar !
0	he had been sick but now it is crazy .
0	if so that might be his way of asking if you didnt deni it .
0	if you know like i do , you need to wait .
0	but if he or she is they are not worth it !
0	what should we do when we se a sexy girl ?
0	hope it helps most excellent one ; ) gary
0	once a snake , always a snake .
0	anyway , i can ’ t think of more right now but good luck .
0	you do n't want to hear *anything* about her ex-boyfriends or stuff like that .
0	but most of them are the rude kinds , make fun of you etc .
0	after you said yes , no you are not wrong .
0	you ca n't unless you are the one that filed it/
0	and if he or she did n't tell you , well .
0	she is too young - he is a grown man .
0	got any hints from her or ideas ? ... use those .
0	does he take a shower the second that he gets home ?
0	maybe thats why u dont want to have a gf .
0	i dont have any money to spend on this .
0	thats when things went down hill .
0	get out of your mothers basement .
0	the bigger the man , the bigger the ego which is a turn off .
0	i 've never heard it before ... .but i like it !
0	and dont go with sexy in your name .
0	sometimes people cheat because they find no other way out !
0	no i didnt love my husband and left-kids are fine
0	ask her best friend for ideas vince c , orlando , fl
0	just become rich they will like you then
0	depends if you want to or not
0	i failed to answer this question.peace out !
0	because there not a real man .
0	just dont try to make yourself grow up to fast .
0	but i perfer not to talk about that with the person im with .
0	i know this one , honestly , i do .
0	i think they have too much time on their hands .
0	well , if he just forgot , that is not a good excuse .
0	i dont have the haurt to tell her to go away .
0	she wan na talk about it , but she cant .
0	or you want something really bad because you cant get it ! !
0	have you ever heard the saying , boys will be boys ?
0	if you love her , tell her .
0	i have twins and i get sooo many matching outfits .
0	are you sure he 's working out at the gym ?
0	if not , and you still want her back , do n't file either .
0	if you like her , start flirting with her .
0	making out with guys is really gross .
0	if not , you should not worry ...
0	why dont you just ask him ?
0	your perfect obidience in every way .
0	some women tell lies ... some men tell lies .
0	you two only see each other for the time .
0	if the boy tries to keep it secret , its still gon na get around
0	but i never let my family know .
0	tongue her til she gets off .
0	go and have a good time dont worry about them .
0	keep looking for that person who will love you , and isnt taken !
0	if you do , i guess you do ( 5 years ! ! ! !
0	tell him to mature and start reading up on pregnancy .
0	are men or women more persuadeable to cheat ?
0	if she doesnt notice you im here ! ! !
0	when is it a good time to give out your phone # ?
0	i hope this helps a bit .
0	what does your gut instincts say ? ?
0	oh and i m very open minded i have dated women before .
0	aww i love what ineedlotsofhelp118 said !
0	they do n't want to be pregnant
0	nope ... but i think it would be hilarious if it happened lol
0	i guess when he starts to like men
0	why are some guys more horny than others ? ? ? ? ?
0	becasue women already have all the answers
0	even if its just a sentence .
0	i do n't feel right around them .
0	god , then mom , maybe ur grrr if ' n ur lucky .
0	money is good but i do n't go on looks .
0	by her doing that says a ton of stuff about her .
0	gone so young by amber pacific is amazing
0	did u say a joke then she thinks u are funny .
0	i m not a virgin.. but i dont regret it .
0	simple is boring , complicated is not ...
0	i like craigslist and ok cupid .
0	what do u think i should tell them ?
0	she jumped him but he got up .
0	once a guy said , nice to see you .
0	and i want to call him again but would it bother him ?
0	he only said hey to me once .
0	why is n't he moving in with you that is the real question here !
0	im also very loyal to my girlfriend .
0	no flower , no candies nothing like that .
0	do not beleve if they say love is a feeling !
0	if not , your just wasting your time .
0	because the grass is alwys greener on the other side .
0	help , i do n't know what to do !
0	or try to laugh it off .
0	well there is actually alot of different points to this question .
0	i 've actually met four people i chatted with in online dating sites .
0	no he is not a cheater.. the rings not on the finger yet .
0	so we secretly ganged up on him !
0	any tips to at least hide it ?
0	do you really think he is a bad guy ?
0	wait , i forgot a good nap is up there , too !
0	ask her what she likes and doesnt like .
0	so i thought i 'd ask you .
0	however he shouldnt be leading you on with pillow talk .
0	if it is , nobody never cheats .
0	if she says no forget her
0	i personaly go for the guys with blue eyes and blond hair .
0	and what if things do not work out ?
0	coz i had it with a person ... who is my best friend
0	gifts dont always mean he love you .
0	i honestly do n't agree with most people here .
0	was there someone that cheated on you , that made you upset at girls ?
0	i never get enough kisses and hugs .
0	people ask me that for my last question
0	i 've always been the type of person who falls for my best friend .
0	but if he does it to you again .
0	it 's just not worth the safety risk .
0	you do n't know you have to trust him
0	pls help me out here truthfully .
0	my boyfriend just proposed on christmas and i dont know where to start .
0	ask , but never hide your feelings .
0	if u like mt advice e-mail me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
0	they are out there , we just have to start acting like one .
0	surf p o r n online , or mas tur bate .
0	if you just told her a funny joke then it is a good thing .
0	money is good if your thinking about the future or just a suga daddy .
0	suggest that you date others for awhile .
0	i met my fiancee on the internet ! ! !
0	not all girls are like that .
0	! even if i start to do dating by net ! ! !
0	i agree , start seeing other women .
0	they do n't give up the sex answ3r3r
0	that is what women like , real guys , not fake guys
0	or ask him if he still likes you .
0	make sure its okay wit your cousin first .
0	i will make a bloody love story for our p.e .
0	first of all , do n't just bust out with i love you !
0	life is to short for the what if 's
0	cuddling with my husband and reading a good book !
0	well that you will find out more later ...
0	if he says he loves you but is not in love with you .
0	good luck and try to do better next time , god loves you !
0	tell them the same thing i do .
0	there , i said what you want to say to her !
0	i got to go now and take a time out
0	cuz this one girl is confusing me
0	if u do search for it u may ot with a false one .
0	men nvr understand girls ... ... .its ok we nvr will
0	you know it is like a marriage .
0	ask her for the dvd version , vhs tape will not last !
0	cuz this one girl is confusing me
0	if u do search for it u may ot with a false one .
0	men nvr understand girls ... ... .its ok we nvr will
0	you know it is like a marriage .
0	ask her for the dvd version , vhs tape will not last !
0	show confidence and treat her well !
0	i make great friends on here .
0	what should i do to flirt with her ?
0	god blessed me with that special someone , i 'm 31 yrs .
0	luckily i have n't had to start a fight .
0	i clapped my hands and my face shows it too !
0	beautiful face with some extra baggage .
0	because guys are turn on by sight .
0	you just have to do the research and ask around to a couple places .
0	its a nice question when u look at it .
0	basically ... dont dwell on the past
0	then again-who says a girl could n't have both : )
0	maybe that is the motivation he needs .
0	and the other guy goes to the college in the next town over .
0	people read everything they just do n't always answer .
0	a peice of shit that hangs from your ass hairs .
0	lemmi know .. as soon as u find 1 !
0	they like a guy who listens .
0	women have it so tough these days .
0	well.. just sit back and think ... who would you give the world for ?
0	do n't look for a problem that is n't there .
0	not until both of yall start going out will he like just you .
0	definately a liar.. and possibly a cheater.. my ex boyfriend did the exact same thing
0	uhmmmm how about looking for a job .
0	take it from me its not worth it
0	he 's keeping his options open incase you guys do n't work out
0	oh , i would n't be happy with that at all .
0	forget her and them then u 'll find them follow u ... believe me
0	take it from me its not worth it
0	he 's keeping his options open incase you guys do n't work out
0	oh , i would n't be happy with that at all .
0	forget her and them then u 'll find them follow u ... believe me
0	if you are thinking about sexual things about that person , then it is .
0	they are only uncomfortable if you wear em on your head ... ..
0	you just have to be willing to take that risk .
0	apparently , this guy has issues ... with himself .
0	its not gon na be a quick fix and it takes time .
0	that 's what i heard once , & thought it was cute ...
0	my ex-boyfriend 's sister and i used to be really close .
0	and what would that do to your self confidence if it didnt ?
0	have fun untill the ride stops , then get off and get another .
0	my husband made me a pair of half caret diamond studs !
0	how should i become a ladies ' man ?
0	but what if it does n't work out ?
0	but one time i asked a girl for a date , and she accepted !
0	when you do n't talk do u miss him ?
0	o.k. , those are my quirky turnoffs !
0	no we actually do listen but you guys can give such silly answers ?
0	he cried , but was n't really hurt ...
0	mn_sassygal you can lie to me any time whooooa what a dish
0	does this kind of love last for ever ?
0	maybe not now , or soon , but one day she will cheat .
0	: ) not so bad is it ?
0	u could always try just talking 2 him and see what happens
0	mabie he wants you to leave .
0	if you dont ask you will never know .
0	it 's just something you feel deep down
0	eats lunch with them 3 days a week .
0	stealth setting are like the ignore buttom ?
0	mostly his choice.i just ca n't seem to get him out of my mind .
0	when i realize that some one like you cares to ask me that .
0	most people do n't even get that .
0	take a left when you get to hell .
0	that way you know what you 're getting into .
0	because you 're thinking he 's not okay .
0	hey , that 's a cool necklace you have there !
0	i did n't like the french way , it felt too dirty .
0	nowadays women should take the hand of control all the wedding side
0	you ca n't ... that ship has sailed .
0	about four to five times a week .
0	never try to be bitchy , doing so wud only make matters worse .
0	i think that means that she only interested in in only boys .
0	never use a pick upline on somebody no matter how funny it sounds .
0	u should only have sex if you are married .
0	im is a good way if you do n't care too much about him
0	i would definitely go for true love !
0	yes ... and farted too ... but not during the same episode .
0	you just have to find us .
0	we 're all gay ... it 's all about what u prefer
0	if she just want to have casual sex with you , just enjoy it .
0	just say i love you 2 .
0	a walk in a park , feed some greese , something like that .
0	when was this golden age anyway ?
0	i think a kiss is harmless , so any age .
0	worst is , she will not answer her phone or e-mails to explain .
0	it will find u thts the only way
0	but i 'm oldschool and think thats appropriate-maybe i am a dinosaur .
0	lets vote and put it to rest
0	and do it before the other guy does !
0	because we are just attracted to the opposit sex.thats just how it goes.try it !
0	this may sound hard but best way is : to start dateing again .
0	maybe you just ai n't cool enough .
0	be confident dont think negative make ur mind positive .
0	dumped her sorry butt and found me a good woman .
0	because they get the male species hot !
0	maybe he had it on there and forgot about it ?
0	yeah they would , yes i image so if thats what they want
0	i woke up with him on top of me and his***** inserted in my cl*t
0	he 's a jerk - get rid of him
0	i found the person i was destined to be a little 2 late .
0	most gays wont admit that they are .
0	but the point is ... ... you need to tell him ! !
0	usally it means the cat/dog needs to go for the night before going to bed
0	if you are n't happy move on .
0	no please do not feel bad - instead feel good !
0	who goes to death by his own will ! ! ! !
0	if i were you i would question it and be worried ...
0	2. do n't ask do you love me if you ca n't reciprocate .
0	because what you are doing is wrong and it wou n't last well .
0	avoid it like the fiery pit of you know where !
0	they are n't you just got ta learn thier language .
0	oh , and i like a good cup of coffee and sunny days .
0	coz i am not a native speaker of english .
0	i do n't want any drama , i just want my dress back .
0	are there not enough problems with this world ?
0	hm , let me think about that ... .no !
0	do n't ask her if it 's ok. just do it .
0	hey my dear friend dont worry man .
0	my answer ... most men do n't ( from what i observed ) .
0	the same way a single mom does !
0	i think its hot when a girl is a virgin ... most guys do .
0	that 's tough , its an unusual setup .
0	and how sweet , and kind you can be !
0	old and we have been together going on 4 yrs .
0	there will be drunk nights where hooking up is all too easy .
0	put down the magazines and go out of your house .
0	did i just cheat on him ?
0	and she is wonderful.. now it 's a parttime job you do n't like ?
0	some guy just want to have fun , other guys want something more serious..etc .
0	how do i know so much ? ? ? ?
0	its hard to forget things that were between you .
0	if its pass then let it go .
0	no sweetie , this is not cheating .
0	just try to remember its their loss not yours .
0	just wondering cuz of the holiday season
0	if your happy but it 's other people that are not happy i.e .
0	not at all , you just want that special feeling you get from it .
0	most men could care less if they married or not .
0	? may be on the street !
0	you already know what you should do .
0	do you not wan na help him ?
0	see if she is your tipe
0	call her and tell that you love her
0	do u think he might not feel the same way ?
0	casablanca ( ca n't believe i 'm the 1st to tag this one )
0	because you 're dating the wrong people
0	i am sooooooooo lucky to have him : - )
0	however , do n't worry , there are still guys like me out here .
0	then get out quickly/cleanly , take the children !
0	some thing is lets get in bed
0	show her your sausage and if she smiles then she likes you
0	how old is ever1 on here
0	ya never know until you try it .
0	but dont forget she is your sis and no man is worth it .
0	outdoor wedding..lots of colorful flowers , jewel tone fabrics.no silk florals
0	it could be anything and he 's just to scared to tell you
0	entice him by showing him some skin ... ... .. a sure fire success .
0	after they 'll b relaxed , feeling great & ready to thank you ! !
0	it 's not as scary as it seems .
0	you better give her a dinner date .
0	breakups are hard but youll find the person that is love of your life .
0	problem is , i still love her .
0	you need to leave him right now , its only getting worse from here .
0	do n't let her bat her eyelashes and convince you its not .
0	what should i do now ?
0	it really depends if the guy really likes the girl or not .
0	not.it is not cheating you just start or trying to cheating
0	you should start your life a new .
0	omg so ask him to go study with you in libary !
0	a 10 dollar gift card for a thrift store.. lol
0	everytime i look into my girlfriend 's eyes , i can see the beach .
0	u dont have love without a lover !
0	is he sure he is ok with that ?
0	u just have to be ur self .
0	i do n't belive in the lifestyle !
0	i dont care about the diamonds or the cost of my wedding ring .
0	no it is not bad at all .
0	easy ... ask yourself if you would take a bullet for him .
0	but then i wan na be with my kids and husband .
0	alright , so you and she have the same taste in guys .
0	ppl read anything they can get to .
0	1 of my friends cheated on somebody and they hate her .
0	but falling for everyone is not right .
0	ok , if you ask nicely i will .
0	remember : men are from mars women are from venus
0	cus you guys are a handful .
0	do you want to get married ? ?
0	hell , you 've known him for five years !
0	the wilder the better , i do n't want someone who just lays there .
0	( interestingly none of them would dare date a black guy ! )
0	you go girl and stand up for yourself you herd me !
0	guys do n't care about telling them romantic things .
0	whatever jason says will lead to a war and will not be effective ...
0	barefoot on the beach with just family and a few close friends .
0	you need to do some investigating before you assume that she is cheating .
0	so should i give him an ultimatum ?
0	fool me once shame on you .
0	should i hang on and wait .
0	yes there is i have a best friend relationship
0	and if he says yea , kick him in the crotch .
0	anything less than that , forget it !
0	talking sexually or intimatly with anoyone other than your spouse is cheating .
0	evrybody does it ... try it , its great
0	i 'm yet to discover the same !
0	especially if you 're not the girlie type .
0	there are so many things think about first .
0	the female brain is far too complicated for that !
0	i know it sounds superficial , but wow ... .wear good shoes !
0	( psst , it 's the 6th string on the guitar )
0	so suck it up and ask him directly already .
0	instead wait for the true love to find u .
0	have a nice life.then find another.believe me there are plenty out there
0	and try to do things for little money to begin with .
0	if he 's your ex , do n't get him anything !
0	love is not about the size ... is about the all the rest toghether ...
0	never give up or stop trying , its too important
0	so you should really take time to think it over .
0	so that guy who u like is also a gay ?
0	if you have to ask that question , just walk away
0	she did n't want to quit doing it .
0	my boyfriend and i just do n't have much fun .
0	not having much fun just now , are you ? ? ?
0	u and the friend need to keep quiet
0	cuzzz they are women they have pussy and butt that why .
0	but sex is a bigger issue .
0	some girls jsut do n't know how to say no , same as guys .
0	well girls and boys do the same thing .
0	if theres a second date , thats a good sign
0	how i can enjoy her sexually
0	slower is better than faster except for the occasional quickie ... lol
0	i bet you she will want you then !
0	look for a guy who does not attract you .
0	if their happines means more that your own .
0	i 'm a married guy that loves shemale porn .
0	if you do n't think that that is cheating then no you did not .
0	if they cant stand it or get used to it maybe you shoud move .
0	maybe your not enough or good enough for her that she has to use it
0	email call drop a note yeah its okay to ask .
0	she 's drunk passed out laying there isnt she ?
0	its right next to your heart .
0	k what he told u ask it to him back
0	ask yourself if you only fall in love with forbidden fruit ... ?
0	is it so you do n't get caught looking ?
0	he told me he is tryin to wait it out with her .
0	they should go to dinner and a movie .
0	sure , people do it on line every day .
0	you sure you know what you 're talking about ?
0	boys like girls personality and their looks .
0	a guy that takes the lead and stay in control
0	so you can please her better so she can forget about that vibrator !
0	sounds like you are just interested in appearence , check myspace groups
0	maybe he 's after that green card
0	i say go for it and enjoy it ! !
0	? , , , nuttin to worry bout in my opion
0	that 's how men think , we 're a simple people !
0	because some people do not like other people .
0	sorry im at work with no messenger .
0	because no one told them not to lie .
0	just always remember ur family does love u and always will .
0	you leave everything in a mess , and expect us to pick up the pieces
0	tell him the bitter reallity slowly with hand in hand .
0	if you need to dissmiss him , then do that too .
0	no i met my baby online and we 've been together for 4 years now
0	i gave him a note , but he didnt reply yet .
0	if u realy luvs him , juz go ask him whether he or not ?
0	not french ... the language of love ... the most beautiful sounding language ...
0	wow i know how you feel .
0	but it would be wrong if you actually did it .
0	if she 's just messing , flirting around then a quite talk wud do .
0	you do n't trust him or you would n't be asking .
0	but trust me not all women are flirts .
0	forget her with a little spit - even she do n't diserve that
0	he or she is n't worth it .
0	but you can not make him want you in his life .
0	he raped you ! that 's rape if he di n't have your consent .
0	how do i get a bf ?
0	true love ... money will fade away but true love wont .
0	dont get involved and ruin a marriage .
0	if you have to start counting on your toes ...
0	give to her a flower today and a present on christmas
0	an ideal wedding spot would be near the beach on a sunset setting .
0	oh ya there is always some body out there for everyone .
0	for share our thoughts & love
0	show her that you really care .
0	but i do belive in love online !
0	do n't be afraid to take a chance .
0	no but ... im comiong for you i know where you live
0	it kinda backfired but it was worth it !
0	give him flowers.give a good bye kiss .
0	sounds like were in the same boat .
0	i would go with the artist
0	come on girl , get up and get your baby and leave the fool .
0	and i was in graduation final year .
0	did he ever give you reason to be ?
0	being happy is the right thing !
0	no unless you trust him with all your heart
0	and no other guys in the picture to be jealous of .
0	if not then find someone else .
0	dun u have specific quetions than open ones ? ?
0	marriage wont change a thing either way !
0	there 's a big difference between a crush and love .
0	hes a d ! ck you dont want to associate with players like him .
0	mom always told me not to talk to strangers !
0	if you are like me ... once you love , you always love .
0	( trust me this works 4 most of the time ) good luck : )
0	i 'm going to bring my family with me i 'm not that stupid .
0	if not talk to him about it if he loves you he will understand
0	do you know what your saying ?
0	gurl go on latino sites u can meet people that way .
0	they want all of your time
0	he 's just not that into you .
0	if he persist , then get 'ghetto ' with it .
0	cz they too will think the same way about us .
0	because it taste like banana cream pie !
0	since you have raise the point , i realize that too !
0	i wouldnt advice eyeing another person 's gf .
0	im asuming you are a woman .
0	now back away from the computer dude ...
0	also compare them with a list of what you like/hate about this person .
0	i had a crush on a guy for 3 yrs .
0	i once told a gay friend to be careful or he would get aids .
0	be honest to husband , love his family , do n't say everythingto hubby ,
0	if he gives you a bad time about accidentally losing it ... red flag .
0	do what your heart tells you to do it is the best thing right now
0	now , now ... there are great dating sites out there .
0	she definitely wants you to ! !
0	no chance at all..i 've read it .
0	this is like asking , how do you know if your straight..
0	so stop looking , and just hang out with your friends and have fun .
0	or do u believe in love online ?
0	you know , maybe they 'll invite you over for trist !
0	be careful w/ the company you keep .
0	brunette for sure ... who said blondes have more fun ?
0	if you 're an idiot keep posting stupid things alright ?
0	well my advise is for you to tell him how u feel .
0	he wont be worth your time .
0	there is no way u can be together ?
0	brunette for sure ... who said blondes have more fun ?
0	if you 're an idiot keep posting stupid things alright ?
0	well my advise is for you to tell him how u feel .
0	he wont be worth your time .
0	there is no way u can be together ?
0	eventually , reality sets in though but you are still always happy .
0	a nice dinner a movie and a soft kiss : x
0	i never miss an opportunity to tell her .
0	does that excite you , guys ?
0	just another way of spicing up thier sex lives .
0	just tell them that you dont want a marrige right now .
0	and what tune to talk to him in ?
0	it goes back to the cave man days babe .
0	good luck and remember it 's never your fault .
0	because thay fell something inside of them and thay want to have you know what
0	its beautiful , might be hard to come by though .
0	i guess , she just missed her son .
0	its beautiful , might be hard to come by though .
0	i guess , she just missed her son .
0	if it does work , there are trust issues at hand .
0	i was going to simply asnwer 'about what ? '
0	warm cocoa makes peeople feel in love , you know !
0	you should set things straight with her .
0	dunno what else willt ake ur own judgement
0	she cheated on me but i still love her because of her courage .
0	you wo n't know unless you try though !
0	sorry man - do u live in theran ?
0	they would not love you if they did not care of your well being ...
0	no but farted did i say that lol
0	she tends to giggle and become sort of shy when your around .
0	show her the man you really are !
0	mmm ... before you decided to left him ?
0	so what mental hopital do you go to agian ?
0	just do n't call like every 5 mins .
0	then give her that stuff and leave .
0	you are just hanging out in the wrong places .
0	things that most guys do to hurt your feelings..let me know..
0	if you dont wan na lose here , just trust her .
0	they also think that they want a listening hubby .
0	i think it 's more accepted that men cheat .
0	first of all she shouldnt do that .
0	gifts are not perimeter of true love
0	well that is jus my opinion but it is what you truly think
0	because women think alot of things that do n't make sense .
0	girls hardly ever use an obvious pick up line with men .
0	( ok i also giggled ... ..but wow ... .horrid date ! )
0	he may of had it on there before seeking for a gf .
0	have a couple of beers first ...
0	it keeps everyone wondering where you are going and who you are going with !
0	you should be asking a lot of questions .
0	he needs to show you he wants you !
0	alot of money would be nice , wo n't lie .
0	i pick it up and just stare at it .
0	reality is that you are not gon na get such a girl .
0	would apreciate helpl with this difficult problem
0	there is nothing to make up ! !
0	call on the phone and ask her out
0	cuz love dose not hurt you ! !
0	if you have at least 1 , then your set !
0	then every one else has to understand .
0	she will always think you two still have something going on .
0	i going to wait 5 or 6 yrs after i get engaged .
0	let him go , soon he 'll realize what he had !
0	since you already called him once , donot call him again .
0	whta is the right words that i should say to this kind of man ?
0	the guy above please note that its grammar and not grammer .
0	i was a good looking guy to begin with but i was just shy .
0	sitting at the beach , watching my kids play .
0	shell think that ur way 2 serious to start .
0	oh i so have the same problem .
0	whch ever ones work out more ( depends )
0	gim me 10 points please and call for voting
0	having one girl that you really care about can be very satisfing .
0	i was n't doing it for the money but because i loved him .
0	have your friend find out if she likes you and then go from there
0	then proceed to have cyber sex cam to cam ! !
0	or do what the other guy said , large members work too .
0	but do n't just go in at the speed of light !
0	us guys only think one way and thats the easiest way to get punani .
0	and boy was that a mistake !
0	oooo girls like to be complimented .
0	try to flirt and then be cold .
0	but even then ... you best bet would be child support .
0	give her a red bull and she 'll fly away just like in the commertial
0	yes , your baby 's father is your husband only
0	if you are sexually attracted to the same sex then you are gay !
0	honey , if it 's taken him this long , probably not
0	is n't that trying to gow up a little too fast ?
0	( there 's more questions coming about her ... ..help me out here pls )
0	we dont wan na be thought of as 'easy ' .
0	lets refraise ur q : why do weird guys confess to me ?
0	oh my gosh , your on cloud 9 .
0	it is not all about the sex .
0	i had butterflies in my stomach b/c he scared me .
0	i know u heard this b4 .
0	if you do n't tell her , then nothing will ever really happen .
0	how do i deal with it ?
0	neither ill just keep dating my girlfriend
0	the cougars are out there ... and they will find you .
0	she said she is gon na call me and let me know .
0	a ring is just a ring
0	surely you arent that desperate that you have to go on an adult site .
0	only if the girls are sexy though .
0	just that the girl is straight ( not a lesbian ) and somewhat immature .
0	you just sort of have to help it become perfect .
0	there is no future in it
0	maybe he wont mind if you werent even there
0	shell flirt with you and be nice to you .
0	i 'd be a rich mofo right now .
0	the only thing i regret is that i married the wrong person ... lol !
0	if he is a geek or nerd thinkgeek.com
0	some place that is not full of noise !
0	and please , do n't ever get married simply for that reason .
0	think of things to say to him .
0	every girl wants to be asked out !
0	girls like to play hard to get ... not knowing the age here..
0	how u can be sure that the wife too is not cheating the husband .
0	a lot of guys want that too .
0	listen & listen & listen & listen & then talk .
0	he was probably the only man i ever truly loved .
0	and what i should do to overcome this proplem ? ? ?
0	that would win me over in a heart beat !
0	money , cheating , in laws , no time spent together
0	u had to ask : does the exist love ? ?
0	milk in la frigerator or my ignorant little friend
0	his girl hitting on another guy right in front of him .
0	it 's either your appreciated or funny or you got something on your face
0	also , ask yourself , do you feel bad after doing it ?
0	not interested in rekindling the love you once had .
0	if you are the same age go with friends and check it out
0	do you really mean that because i think it is really bad to date online
0	you ask him to stop and he wont hes bisexual .
0	well , first off she put boys instead of men .
0	sometimes i feel i should because he dont see her anymore .
0	the best advice my mother ever gave me was marry your best friend !
0	you dont need that in your life .
0	the guy 's got issues he needs to work out .
0	flirting is healthy ... cyber sex is cheating ... .
0	i am in my mid 50 's .
0	if u meet nice boi then they would like 4 just doing u .
0	damn ... now if only i could take my own advice , lol !
0	thats what i did and it worked .
0	you just have a high sex drive .
0	because guy are sick perverts who make us think that !
0	of course you should n't go out with him !
0	like they all said very slim !
0	try to meet real woman off-line ... that 's the hard thing , huh ?
0	but i also cherish my female friends because they are awesome , too !
0	if you do what this then keep doing what your doing .
0	dear , you are friend even now .
0	maybe he actully did lose your phone number and he likes you back .
0	ask her about her and seem interested in what she says !
0	this will be hard if your really really serious .
0	what if it was a part-time job you did n't even like anyway ?
0	well if u can amange a long future with them then your in love
0	have a talk about it with her dont yell or get in a fight .
0	tell him you 're pregnant and see what happens
0	most women are pretty shy about voicing what gets them off .
0	listen this happend to me alot .
0	am i going to believe in him ?
0	couple here not often enough , cause of the kids ! ! ! !
0	dont take it seriously i dont mean it in a bad way .
0	if u wan na have a relationship online , just keep it at that .
0	my fvorite aunt is dying , i can not take anymore deaths !
0	myself , i always stick with the ca n't go wrong routine .
0	get on the net on a webcam .
0	go to a nice restraunt and eat n talk
0	men w/ men is not beneficial to anything , man with woman makes life !
0	i told him to call me and he had not .
0	guys are more about what you do -action based expressions .
0	why ca n't you ask him out ?
0	if he loves you ... he loves you !
0	i joined her in her english coaching class .
0	neither are what you would want him to think if it 's not true .
0	you know she wont be obsesive or anything like that .
0	yes and i have done so in the past .
0	this guy choose the option of not reciving instant msg
0	all women love it but most guys are to stupid to realize it
0	best of luck to you jolly roger !
0	go to my 360 and check a few pics i have listed .
0	girl , if you view your grandmother as fabulous and fun , go !
0	as one of her interests in an online profile ?
0	guys think about sex all the time too ... probably more than you .
0	for my wife and i ( 30 yrs ) on my birthday .
0	i dont live anywhere near that place ...
0	no ... .dump him and find another one
0	regardless of what anyone else thinks .
0	why do you have-to have this gal ? ? ?
0	i almost always have to initialize the quick pecks during the day ! !
0	no once a cheat always a cheat .
0	and her cousin , and her neighbors .
0	just pick the one you like
0	i did n't die or even explode .
0	but that would be too direct .
0	just tell htem that you havent found the one yet .
0	u never never know what she feels .
0	take him a beer and say sorry about that stupid argument .
0	also , do n't ever give a girl money .
0	cuddling on the couch and watching tv with my family !
0	most of the tim eits for sex
0	everyone knows what is the love , but no one can explain what is it
0	you can get close to them by either dating them or to have sex
0	of course i do n't live in nyc .
0	there 's one nice thing about having a car without auto-locks ...
0	then go ahead and stay with him/her if you want .
0	when in rome , you know the rest .
0	: - ) sorry , did you mean something else ?
0	1-200 box , for this month rent .
0	coz my partner is a good player !
0	there are a lot of handsome guys .
0	we split over a year ago .
0	i wear thongs because they are sexy and they turn on men !
0	and no , i do not regret it .
0	we have a 1 year old lil girl together .
0	he si the most coolest guy in school .
0	3- a toy for my baby .
0	a lot i ca n't count.lol.no seriously i think about 25 ... gee !
0	well , i play the drumset , but i 'm not hot !
0	just ask someone u like out
0	how well should i know a guy , before meeting him in person ?
0	b/c marriage changes everything in the relationship !
0	if they keep callin you after..you tell them to quit callin .
0	at present i do n't have money for day care , maids etc .
0	just tell him youd like to go out sometime ?
0	they are just afraid to be alone !
0	but he is a real nice guy .
0	even now i am 39 years old .
0	i think you should think about this .
0	start there and she will lead the way to the rest .
0	first you cant allow or unallow him to do anything .
0	macsteed/blondegyrl2004 : the long and short of it .
0	if that does n't work for u .
0	yes once when my nose feels so itchy 'coz of bad bedsheets .
0	hang out with him and these friends in the apartment and out .
0	macsteed/blondegyrl2004 : the long and short of it .
0	if that does n't work for u .
0	yes once when my nose feels so itchy 'coz of bad bedsheets .
0	hang out with him and these friends in the apartment and out .
0	if he was like 5 yrs younger ? ?
0	maybe she is telling you that you please her so you wont feel bad .
0	i 'll agree that you just need to tell her how you feel .
0	now thats a quesion worth answering
0	little boys dont really ever like girls .
0	i have slammed peoples heads in their lockers once .
0	we tell each other i lov you every night .
0	make them work for your love to .
0	dodge ram ; it 's a pick up
0	because she didnt do nothing wrong .
0	jesus man , might aswell shoot myself now !
0	if that fails ebay ebay ebay
0	but it was good for me .
0	if its not right then way waste anymore time thinking about it .
0	im not sure that it is nagging .
0	it 's all biologicial and dont let anyone tell you different .
0	yourself is a best gift for your lover , trust me
0	if you dont you will never will find the person .
0	it depends on who dumped who .
0	i do n't find it sexy the other way around .
0	you should find out what your parents dont like about him and .
0	0 % unless you are a computer you read it while writing it .
0	no why should u suffer .
0	do you trust people online ?
0	but do not let him use this as an excuse .
0	thats wat i want a rock hotty but not a sex freak
0	seeing each other is not dating it can be that yall are just friends .
0	read his book - ultramarathon runner
0	can all u girls help me out with this >
0	just tell him to back off .
0	because if she likes him there might be problems in ur relationship .
0	good god , leave the skimpy underware to the girls !
0	cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are big turn offs .
0	if you already done the best you could ?
0	because if she likes him there might be problems in ur relationship .
0	good god , leave the skimpy underware to the girls !
0	cocky guys or guys with the playboy mentality are big turn offs .
0	if you already done the best you could ?
0	depends the age honey ... .really , no timje is the best time ...
0	and a ring can not influence that .
0	if you like her enough to risk that friendship just be honest with her .
0	the rest look at men for sex .
0	and its either to feel sexy or to not have a panty line
0	*looks in the mirror* there she is ! ! ! !
0	you should never speak to him again
0	i 'd rather not have a slender girl .
0	bummer ... really do n't drag that cross around ... .
0	you could try to think about all the bad things he 's done .
0	my wife has no idea that i do this .
0	good luck to both of you .
0	got ta have trust in a marriage .
0	know what your lover want best and get it if you can affort it .
0	tell them to mind there own business .
0	if he is worth marrying he will wait and you should wait .
0	you can also try the yahoo !
0	i wonder how would *you* help her out ?
0	if it can happen , it will happen : ) cheers !
0	but do n't act like this did n't happen .
0	well , i am a 30 years old guy .
0	tell him your true feelings and you might be suprised .
0	fool me twice shame on me .
0	well i just want to try and get him to like me .
0	i like the blonde , but i love the dark red .
0	all the while watching her go through guy after guy .
0	rule 2 : if she 's wrong , reread rule 1 : )
0	life is complicated and its just the way it is .
0	that joke about the baby was funny .
0	if not , break up with your girlfriend and do what you want .
0	what do girls want from a guy ?
0	guys dont play games only girls do
0	he used to be really sweet and do things for me .
0	good luck with your shopping : )
0	yes they do like to be held and cuddled alot
0	i would get rid of her asap .
0	yes they do like to be held and cuddled alot
0	i would get rid of her asap .
0	if it does not smell right , run !
0	mistake # 1 - cheating on him .
0	you need to work on your english ... spellings and grammar .
0	what the heck do 13 yearold guy 's want ?
0	girls like guys that act like jerks .
0	i want to get to know her but what should i say ?
0	it might be infactuation , not love
0	what does it mean when a girl puts that she likes 'boys ! '
0	yeah porno stores most nimphs advertise what thay want hope ya size up .
0	its like two for the price of one .
0	it 's perfectly fine , there 's someone out there for you .
0	i go for the beautiful face ...
0	seriously though , its got ta be quick .
0	good luck and let me know eliza
0	and for his granny tell her to mind her own business !
0	so guys growing up with a dad not showing them about chivalry .
0	' i 'm going to go hang out with the boys . ' )
0	you do n't want herpes , i 'm pretty sure of that .
0	i also like playing games with her too . )
0	! and how i will start with her ?
0	in her purse , its the credit card
0	**** is a natural phenomena and it is a myth that **** is bad .
0	foooooooooooooorget them u 'll find them follow u
0	ps divorce makes the money thing worse .
0	a gift card nothing to personal
0	gee maybe he thinks passing notes is stupid ?
0	if hes a cheater ... hes a cheater !
0	have peace in this if not anything else .
0	he always wants sex ammm , you know , help me
0	why worrie about it just call me
0	: - ) relationships are like babies , they need a lot of care .
0	bang her mom , sister and best-friend .
0	have you ever been a victim of a bad/funny/or rediculous pick up line ?
0	pull out a gun point it at him and laugh .
0	if i told you ... it would n't be secret .
0	if your not happy brake up .
0	most of them will have their own chat there that they use .
0	tell him nicely to back the hell up .
0	she just ca n't find a single solitary guy over there that likes her ?
0	if she considers it to be cheating , then it is cheating .
0	or maybe she 's just a sl*t .
0	same reason women cheat on men .
0	unless you want an open sexuall relationship with her , get out now .
0	he sounds a lil fruity to me ... .
0	dont even pay them any attention and be you .
0	tell her to f**k of , just kidding .
0	by all means ask him straight up if he is gay or bisexual .
0	anyone with self dignity would not go back to person who 's like that .
0	just like anything else in life .
0	do things you would n't do before .
0	the sirens only go off once every 2-3 years .
0	have you tried kissing her yet ?
0	if the guy hve a wife ?
0	if not , then you just like him as a friend .
0	it 's just what i 'm attracted to .
0	but wit my baby its more of a mental thing !
0	so good luck on what ever your decision may be .
0	if she cheated on him then she could just as easily cheat on you .
0	flowers are not cheap ... depending on what kind you get .
0	give her something about yourself the she can brag to her friends about
0	how you gon na start a fight and get beat down ... ..lol .
0	why would he want to kill them is he like a murder
0	you need humor in your life to keep the relationship going .
0	i think ur negative attitude is spoining ur time .
0	ask yourself this , is she worth waiting for ?
0	trust ur self and be the king in ur sight
0	but even a little check like that would be worth $ 15 .
0	might be a little hard to find ... but check it out !
0	just keep doing what your doing .
0	this is how you avoid being creepy gym guy .
0	if it bothers you much more , report it to people with more authority
0	i would want to stay friends , so no
0	reinforce that she is always right , no matter what the circumstance .
0	the airport is a very public place with lots of security around .
0	1 to 3 times a day .
0	how long does a quickie run ?
0	i though they love you a long time ? ?
0	i let him go , it got kind of boring .
0	well u have already posted your question and then too asking to us .
0	u just have too see how he act i am one off then
0	he comes to see me very weekend b/c we are still young .
0	i let him go , it got kind of boring .
0	well u have already posted your question and then too asking to us .
0	u just have too see how he act i am one off then
0	he comes to see me very weekend b/c we are still young .
0	but let 's be honest , does size matter ? ... ...
0	whatever you do do not cheat on him to get back at him .
0	better start saving these gals from ? ? ?
0	just be yourself , and have fun !
0	yeah but if shes a tease well dnt who wants to deal with a tease
0	wow that is a good anticipation .
0	short or none everywhere else ... it 's my personal taste ...
0	if not think as its over and get over with your life .
0	not really a great option , eh ?
0	cant seem to get over this .
0	i do n't think ur boyfriend would like another man touching you .
0	if it smells good it 's go !
0	he just might not be packaged the way you think !
0	what would a woman do that would make u think forever ?
0	something like , will you go out with me ?
0	i do n't know but i read it
0	if the boys cheat , then they are losers .
0	dont let her hurt you like that
0	it potentialy could happen ... and it sounds fun !
0	i never got to tell him exactly how i felt .
0	guess , i know how yo feel .
0	( he might pick it up in a single ring ! )
0	u have something to lose both ways .
0	because u did n't face the true love till now
0	all she cares about is spending time with you .
0	never let em see ya sweat , at least this young .
0	you got issues ... ... go to a doctor , a psychiatrist !
0	like i do n't like to have fat bf or husband
0	match.com and if your jewish jdate.com
0	( get a divorce/leave him first ) mistake # 2 - calling him stupid .
0	what about races of kid 's grand-parents ?
0	they were boys ( of course ) lol
0	! or have a detective organized u could be an detective tooo .
0	i guess this just is n't the place for that .
0	but she will not want to fall in love with them .
0	i even feel like i sort of know you now even .
0	do n't get in a serious relationship and just have fun .
0	dont go back just 2 go back cuz u love him ! !
0	no you should not give up on a woman !
0	tupac_lover_00 @ yahoo.com i am a girl and im single and looking e-mail me
0	of course hes cheating on you ... are you on crack ?
0	oh yeah btw we r both 12 .
0	he 's and old man but hes only 20 .
0	stop focusing on looks and quit looking altogether .
0	tell him that and you will own him .
0	snap out of it join the rest of the world .
0	it was just what you envisioned .
0	first try to break up with him but not in person .
0	thats because most of them are pigs
0	people get married it is because they love each other very much .
0	if you are lonely then you have friends that you can have fun with .
0	then both of you can move on .
0	considering there are only 49hrs left , most likely not .
0	where it ca n't really be anything more than jsut friends rofl
0	of course , it does take two ...
0	become rich , good looking , or famous .
0	to stop relations that happend before mirrage
0	give him a chance to be good .
0	he might marry u depending on the kind of luv he has 4 u
0	each time i cried like a baby !
0	yes ... your family should be happy for you that u found your love .
0	flirt , flirt and more flirt all while making them laugh .
0	worst i ever heard was ... .hi , wan na f*** ?
0	think of better thing that has happened , is happening and will happen .
0	there 's 5 in mine my husband , my 3 kids and me
0	does she dye her hair often if she does u might have a problem .
0	what is wrong with you boy ?
0	several tips for getting a girlfriend : 1 .
0	no way gir were is his respect for you .
0	true friends wouldnt leave you out there like that !
0	how do i post questions on yahoo !
0	i killed my cousin because he refused to smile ; )
0	no it is actually not .it depends
0	but just trust your heart and what it says .
0	or they think that by telling you that it will turn you on .
0	talk , get to know him and finaly ask him on a date ! !
0	you seem like a sweet guy who only wants happiness .
0	not if you were a smart cheater !
0	my boyfriend never gets me anything .
0	and u dont want that now do u .
0	keep it all the way real !
0	take your bucket of worms and just go fish in another pond .
0	some are because they have issues with men i am assuming .
0	that is just wrong plus shes older .
0	well technically you have not penetrated so no .
0	tell him you now a lesbian .
0	if you want act sexy around him .
0	and if he says no , kick him in the crotch anyways .
0	i always knew that some woman are smarter than men !
0	you are just gettting surounded by a lot of jerks !
0	you better keep your eyes open or joe next store might steel your man ...
0	if a girl fancies a guy she rubs or touches her neck frequently .
0	i could go on and on .
0	if you ponder this question more then twice in your life you r probably gay
0	i get dumped for guys that wo n't do anything for a woman .
0	maybe because you havent found the right guy to respect you
0	buy a car and go where the wind takes you .
0	explain exactly what you want and what is going on .
0	*also very easy 2 get drunk*
0	u just keep silent like u dont knows she is existing
0	any just do n't replace cologne with soap
0	i dont think you should be worried .
0	man are you gon na be sick .
0	and it wo n't cost you a dime .
0	is he old and yer young ?
0	hope everything works out great for you !
0	it 's just one of things you know ...
0	then pray to you favorite deity .
0	the key is to show that you are different !
0	love yourself and dont let any man put u down eliza
0	it is a cool thing to do !
0	go up and start talking to her
0	if you really care about her , you will want her to be happy .
0	and thought you should just introduce yourself !
0	and he ca n't just kick you out anyway ?
0	pray about it and you will get your answer , watch
0	; - ) anyway , lower back pain is a terrible thing .
0	ask her out if she says no try to move on
0	i have recurring dreams of my ex almost weekly .
0	i 've known love from friends , guys , my moms , n family .
0	then when you feel the time is right ask her out
0	then one day the guy turns everything around and says he loves me ?
0	i waited until i was thirty , and guess what ?
0	there 's like 20 million women right here !
0	that means that u are on his mind all the time .
0	love is really all that matters .
0	ask ur wife to get on a webcam .
0	hope you 're in that same boat .
0	becareful in who you fall in love with !
0	do u love this person deeply ?
0	but they do things that say ' i fancy you ' .
0	try to get him/her out of your head .
0	but hun i hate to tell u when they got a drinkin prob .
0	pray to god shell take you my fukin gurl dumped me so good luck
0	ehehehe it 's not weird at all .
0	old but this is a golden saying !
0	he probably is n't cheating on you .
0	gay clubs or church but not both at the same time : )
0	tell her she looks nice and that you love her .
0	yes , but not freaked out ... okay , maybe a little .
0	al pacino did why ca n't you .
0	i am 21 and i have only had sex with 2 people !
0	but seriously i dont know what i would prefer
0	hey that is how i feel .
0	then just tell him you dont like him .
0	you can not have your cake and eat it too .
0	shall i call her back ?
0	my frineds ex was really annoying and controling .
0	i like this girl and iv never talked to her before .
0	you can not have your cake and eat it too .
0	shall i call her back ?
0	my frineds ex was really annoying and controling .
0	i like this girl and iv never talked to her before .
0	when he sees nothing wronge in what ever you do
0	most men have nothign to flirt with ... lol
0	firstly i can say girl friend is not on road .
0	otherwise y would b want to b alive , if we 're alone ?
0	your reward will come , just hang in there ...
0	first off he is your ex .
0	you could play the what if ?
0	we do create a lot of our own problems that way : )
0	you definately shouldnt hide it for the rest of your life ! !
0	because of this she will cheat on you !
0	u said her hair different colors so it shows it happened different times .
0	1st does he want to be your boyfriend
0	i think its over and it gives me an idea for my relationship.thanx !
0	do you really wan na start it with that kiss ?
0	i am due in two weeks is that good enough ?
0	i do n't know if he has girlfriend or what .
0	and leaves plenty of opportunities to get close to one another , and talk !
0	well there you go clash said everything i was going to say lol
0	does your heat skip a beat when you see this person ?
0	guyz that cheat are secretly gay
0	if not then you should ask him if he likes the company u keep..
0	find someone who really cares for you - someone is out there !
0	denver co. hun if you are into chiks who are really hot
0	i 'm 20 and my boyfriend is 29 , so beat that ! ! !
0	thats pretty much impossible , id personaly want a really overly sweet boy ; )
0	you ca n't make someone like you just because ... you want to .
0	i never really have , although truth be told i always really wanted one !
0	but i prefer older or the same age as me .
0	she 's an i-mac and your a pc ... get my drift
0	2 ) get out and meet some girls .
0	it would n't hurt to dress nice and fix your hair ! !
0	or you could let him drink a love potion ... hehehe
0	pep rally at high school 15 years later we are still together
0	i know that cause i did that be 4 and is didnt work out
0	yeah i did aweek and a half ago
0	ask him if he can stay home for one day talk about the issue
0	i 'm serious african arabic man i wish to get serious women to marrige
0	because guys like boobs and the internet is the easiest place to find them .
0	if you are not , you are just using him .
0	personally i would n't worry about it .
0	perhaps because many do not believe that they can .
0	classmates.com helped me find a few
0	there is something they do n't get at home .
0	you dont just get her to give it time dog .
0	it does not matter if two guys or gurls care about each .
0	if i was you i would n't do it .
0	either he loves your or he does n't .
0	especially if you dont want to have sex .
0	it all depends on how you feel when it 's all over
0	get his s/n ... .and send him messages every once in a while .
0	do n't be cheap in first sight ... ..
0	or what are you doing now that you were not doing then .
0	do you get butterflies in your stomach everytime the person calls ?
0	it seams you love him already so tell him according your heart voice .
0	mayb ur personality is off beat .
0	you have not said whether you are m or f .
0	not according to the bible ; otherwise i dont know
0	see how it helps to give ... ?
0	depends what there and your dateing history is .
0	i mean the list goes on and on .
0	i do n't know but tell me when you find out
0	i thought he is looking for someone .
0	not as long as your happy and you are doing/geting what you want : )
0	i tried it once but he immediately knew that was me : )
0	i asked a guy out and he said we would ... sometime .
0	is it just a want or is it really a need ?
0	he does so much stuff 4 me .
0	i will tell you this though , ..
0	e ) it was like my body exploded !
0	any chat pro has such rooms
0	i just want to know what you guys think of this .
0	but i confess that the whole blog thing baffles me ...
0	( i really hate smoking -- of any sort , and drinking )
0	girls get serious about it as long as they know ur serious .
0	i ask myself the same shit
0	find some friends to hang out with and get her off your mind .
0	nothing fancy ..eat with your fingers kind of food ... it 's more fun
0	first of all why do you call yourself darkangle ?
0	is there a problem with me .
0	why do men do this you ask ?
0	you love him and he loves you .
0	yes 2 years is no big deal
0	angel honey give his ass the boot
0	but again i say do not do it wait for marriage !
0	so nod and say ur right honey i never thought of it like that .
0	she calls you back when you call her ( 5 ) .
0	but i want nice guys not complete jerks .
0	even the perfect man , is not so perfect .
0	depends on wether ur choosin ' the good guys or the player type .
0	best said in the movie old school love its a mother fucker
0	she wo n't dare want to be with another if it is !
0	not all women think like this , just your woman .
0	no i wo n't , but somebody will ...
0	someone i could look at forever ...
0	and she should love you for that .
0	bring it up like in bed during pillow time with each other
0	he would make us all look really bad ; )
0	really , for better or worse was your vow .
0	he says i have bussniess trips everywhere lately .
0	why do you need a man to spoil you ?
0	if he does , give it a try ... go for it ! ! !
0	it 's just asking to get hurt ! !
0	does he tell other ppl when your not around ?
0	if he please to do all that it would without asking
0	it is natures free gift to all kind .
0	she shares her lunch ( food ) with you ( 9 ) .
0	yup absoloutely ok as long as ya look carefully
0	but the truth is : i want one ! ! !
0	his excuse was that she was like his sister .
0	if you are a guy : you are setting yourself up for failure .
0	as long as they are over 18 .
0	guys do n't like drama , and stuff like that .
0	the kid that they all ready have .
0	i love him for just being himself .
0	and is it possible that he realy loves me ?
0	theyn will always defend you no matter what .
0	good luck and congrats on the 2 years
0	my boyfriend did stuff like that all the time .
0	if we guys could have multiple !
0	did i mention that he 's hot ?
0	marriage is for life my friend !
0	trouble related to love n relationship ...
0	introducing bride and groom , cake cutting , dinner time , dances , etc .
0	marriage is for life my friend !
0	stay offline for goodness sake , if you think like that .
0	i do n't want to lose the best friend i ever had !
0	is to let them get it out , while you just listen .
0	this is because love is blind .
0	no , this is not a joke !
0	a couple of tattoos are ok. certain peircings are hot .
0	i do n't ever wish he would buy me flowers .
0	stop trying to get a date online & get off the computer !
0	with a cucumber..and a shaving cream can
0	hand her you american express card
0	i think is to cut off the shit of getting hurt !
0	one with a hot body and a hot personality .
0	just chick him out..like try to have his schedule .
0	thats gettin kinda thin ice right there , with the touching .
0	he will probably go back there .
0	just be nice to him when you are telling him off .
0	someone who is smart and funny .
0	it 's just going to make them mad .
0	just dont hang out with them .
0	if you banged her mom or sister , you 're not getting her back .
0	i do n't know about girls in general , but i know i do .
0	so eather way , you should n't worry about it .
0	because your boyfriend wo n't let you have one .
0	its you he should think is sexy .
0	try to do things that will take you 're mind off him .
0	but it 's the normal looking people you should worry about .
0	ca n't live ur life to please others .
0	so you want one and do n't want one ?
0	any way if you truly love him you should trust him no matter what .
0	if they dont and be honest with u u wont be able to take it
0	i beleive in lust at first sight but love ? ? ?
0	it actually depends on the girl .
0	you should always be who you are .
0	its like working out how do you get stronger ?
0	turn on bc grant rd - go 1.0 mi 11 .
0	and never do anything you dont feel comfortable with .
0	yes.try to bring a girl to orgasm.she wont leave you
0	then , it 's up to the guy to if he wants to .
0	if you have to ask ... he doesn't.. !
0	cuz maybe you 're a good kisser and u do n't kno it .
0	anywhere the 2 of you want to .
0	if so he probly feels obligated .
0	get married ... . no wait , then you 'll never get laid !
0	if you 're not married break it off .
0	ill go to the first one !
0	spend more time with your wife .
0	do n't do it no matter what she says !
0	if life puts you down 7 times get up 8 times !
0	just on days that end in y
0	and wants a family with me .
0	that 's not a good idea on any day !
0	what type of party did u throw and does he like parties ?
0	i think she is tellin you to smack dat ass
0	every guy has a different fedish , some like ginger some like marry ann .
0	you ` ll only get hurt in the end .
0	up to you but if i had it to do over i would n't .
0	i take it that you are trying to see if he would cheat on you..
0	i just do n't think theres hope ... ..
0	maybe phone-sex with each other ! !
0	let her know just how much she really does mean to you .
0	whatever you do , do your best !
0	but other wise i agree with you completely .
0	try one with a special room or the empty side or outside .
0	i 'm not being gross , do you see what i mean ?
0	report abuse why do i want him back so bad ?
0	if he loves you then he will wait for you !
0	i already gave him a nice card for xmas .
0	just think a man that does all this and you 're stil not happy ?
0	going somewhere that has a pool table !
0	you 've never even seen a pic of her ? ? ?
0	i just checked and they have versions of the song by
0	health or sickness , rich or poor , better or worse .
0	you know the old saying goes boys only want one thing so just wait .
0	if he 's a nice guy then maybe things will work out this time !
0	no , it 's not bad at all .
0	hello mate urs is the same problem as mine ! !
0	only you can answer that question but it is not legal in some places
0	he says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments .
0	no , it 's not bad at all .
0	hello mate urs is the same problem as mine ! !
0	only you can answer that question but it is not legal in some places
0	he says it bothers him too that guys leave me comments .
0	being 'in love ' with someone does .
0	what if they wanted to wait for marriage ?
0	my mom always said , actions speak louder than words .
0	my girlfriend used to get jealous fairly often ...
0	no if u dont want the kid use a condem
0	maybe you need to anser that question .
0	picture yourself telling someone that you love them .
0	ask him if he likes guys
0	my boyfriend does a lot of things that i do n't approve of .
0	then tell them thay let you know .
0	if she thinks the guy is mature then she will admit she likes him .
0	i like one guy , i never talk to him .
0	all guys think about sex all the time .
0	this is why devorce is so high .
0	hey , do you want to be my boyfriend ?
0	i like one guy , i never talk to him .
0	all guys think about sex all the time .
0	this is why devorce is so high .
0	hey , do you want to be my boyfriend ?
0	was he like this before you married him ?
0	heck what will you do in your free time ... lol
0	depends on the weather and where you live ...
0	well when someone loves you they look for you .
0	if you meet a guy and have been hanging out for over month .
0	please send any help info that is available .
0	what so if she also loves u .
0	whatever you do , do n't let her go .
0	if you are in love , your life 's going to be hell !
0	you made a promise , does n't that mean anything ? ? ?
0	well you should talk to that persons best friend .
0	and its not this dick with legs .
0	would you love that person any less if that happened ?
0	i dont wo n't to be nosisy .
0	but oh it was so much fun getting there , lol .
0	when you talk about other girls she gets mad ( 6 ) .
0	i dont wo n't to be nosisy .
0	but oh it was so much fun getting there , lol .
0	my room , so i can watch .
0	when you talk about other girls she gets mad ( 6 ) .
0	because it is a big deal to you .
0	cause they love to have sex with someone new
0	it cuts both ways , i think .
0	when you do n't like something do you say that it is gay ?
0	go out with somone else without telling anyone .
0	( short answer ... ask him what he likes ! )
0	i know my bf cares 4 me .
0	i know its the good ol ' usa .
0	when your ugly what do you have to lose .
0	whey people do n't like african girls ?
0	you got ta feel out the situation though .
0	man i totally sympathize with you .
0	guys do n't play games like you women .
0	but he 's married , with three kids .
0	its hard but that will make you slip up and he will know .
0	im a women and i do n't get it either
0	is it good to remain virgin for a boy till marriage ?
0	tell him that u two can just be friends and maybe something will happen later
0	that should take all the stess off of you .
0	but just have a sence of style and hygene and you 'll attract a guy
0	u just need to ask her frequently about what she feels for u !
0	easy just tell them or show dem how much u love dem
0	if he loves you he is gon na change his stupid crap .
0	at least that is what i find and i 'm sure an average guy .
0	if u will not do it someone should .
0	go to google and tipe in ecard then u can take it from there .
0	so how can i show her i care about her feelings ?
0	men do not like a weak woman .
0	maybe you just have too many trixies in your life .
0	they can but it 's not likely .
0	do n't think of it as spying ... .
0	he was what i breath and thought about 24/7 .
0	if you want a life partner ther it matter .
0	spends less time with you always has an excuse to everything
0	then if they say maybe or yes ask her to do something .
0	but i got ta admit it does seem stupid as i look back .
0	someone who is not bitchy or conceited .
0	go out to a club and ask some girls .
0	helllll naw ... .does he have a brother ?
0	if you want a pertner to eat panipuri then it not .
0	i know it 's corny but it 's romantic .
0	now you know what he 's *really* like .
0	sex ) he knows exactly what to say to get what he wants .
0	i hopefully i helped you a little .
0	you take your wife for a reason right ?
0	ask him if he wants to be your boyfriend .
0	i mean it will be her ring so she should like it .
0	if he really likes he 'll understand what you want too do .
0	but never push and worry and distress .
0	i dont care if they are popular .
0	( that may not be the best choice though )
0	no , you 'd have been a prick had u said yes ! ! !
0	if it floats your boat go ahead .
0	opening doors is sweet but that cant run low .
0	you do n't need friends to get yourself a girl .
0	because your getting old and they want u to be happy .
0	girl , i 've been there done that !
0	surprise him once he comes home and take a wiff ...
0	it means he is a real jerk
0	( butterflies in the stomach ... know what i mean ? )
0	well if you ask my true thoughts nnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnnoooooooooooooooooooo !
0	if you dont you wont be together forever for sure .
0	it depends it would have to be a matter of life and death
0	yeah , keep your mouth shut and leave this situation .
0	i say wait till your in your 30 's .
0	you go to her.its veryy simple
0	jerk is only one of the items that make some men .
0	the one thing i 've learned is do n't force life .
0	yes it is a sin and it is illegal !
0	i ` m not giving her any attention and she calms down herself
0	lol just cuddle up behind her .
0	guys look for a girl that is not retarded and looks pretty good .
0	relax ... lots of woman have this problem .
0	ithink long hair makes guys look dirty and like girls
0	unless you have alot of money then it might be 46 .
0	trust fund , yuppies , preppy girls all hang out in uptown .
0	90 % of women do not orgasm by penetration alone .
0	my boy you asked a very good question !
0	# 2 do u enjoy the doormat position ?
0	did you ask her why she did that ?
0	if he is not eating , he if flirting .
0	suck it up talk to her and ask her out .
0	sorry that it did n't work out .
0	a boy in my school and i have his pic and # .
0	a lot of people say yahoo chat .
0	ask your girlfriend because she obviously knows them best .
0	but i think it effect only if you want a life partner .
0	not very expensive and you get a lot for your money
0	do n't believe anything you see in a movie .
0	do n't do it ... oh my god you will so regret it .
0	baby girl : a first love is a tough one .
0	ok , the last part may be overboard ... : )
0	am i being stupid or what ?
0	n am not crazy at all .
0	thats why they say better or worse , not better or nothing .
0	turn on manchester expy - go 1.4 mi 4 .
0	do n't u have needs other than that .
0	and go about your business like it was nothing .
0	you were not a prick , you were a gentleman !
0	next time he goes on a business trip go along !
0	flirt a little and ask her to go to the movies !
0	yes , let him think he is macho.even if he is n't .
0	my friend told me he love me to but i dont know what to do
0	maybe both her birthstone and yours !
0	only i kno that he doesnt love me .
0	you just said that he likes someone else .
0	i have said this already in many diffirent but similar ?
0	good luck in finding your soul mate : )
0	usually there not mad at u , she may be deppressed .
0	tell him to stop chatting online so much and start working out .
0	find someone who is willing : ) then ask
0	do whatever comes from ur heart
0	if u two have a strong enough relationship outside of dating that is
0	i think that he is seeing another girl , but he is hot ! !
0	but i do n't despair that much .
0	i 'm guessing that she 's around 50 ?
0	be honest , smilling , funny and gentleman ...
0	cherish true friends and love your boyfriend !
0	when she asks you to do something and you do it w/out complaining .
0	so it is not just the guys .
0	its mean the one who needs it , ie getting bored by the relationship
0	not my husband..but maybe someone elses .
0	he was fair and honest and didnt lead you on .
0	be jerk back , and do n't like him anymore ! ! !
0	you do know what a houdini is , do n't you ?
0	if may seem that your using it to your benift .
0	good luck and go get em .
0	in family meeting i see her and i like her from the first look
0	you just have to stop ... no one can do it for you .
0	dude , there are plenty - plenty of other girls out there .
0	i have , on more than one occasion ... and i 'm a dude !
0	i do n't have that specific kind of fetish , exactly ...
0	another guy would not happen , lol .
0	should i try and talk 2 him again ?
0	they say that sex for woman , means family , love , safty !
0	dont be afraid of embarassing your self .
0	d ) i felt my whole body shake uncontrollably !
0	they want to fire down the sexual instinct
0	admit all wrongs ( even though you are not at fault ) .
0	maybe she is not a girl ?
0	please send any help info that is available .
0	its never too good to b either one of these .
0	if someone else is happy he will be happy .
0	do whatever it takes to stay close emotionally !
0	she likes u ... but she seems kinda immature .
0	whats the worst she could say ?
0	as your exchanging phone numbers with her .
0	ever heard the saying women need a reason guys just need a place ?
0	if things were meant to be they will fall into there place .
0	it all depends on how turned on you are as to how wet you get
0	my mom chose a younger guy .
0	you should n't trust him if he 's in a different area code .
0	but im not sure what im doing wrong .
0	we buy each other stuff and leave it there until we find it .
0	you can still be his friend .
0	instead of agreeing you should be exicted .
0	you do n't really ever get over it .
0	there 's alot more ways , but i got ta go .
0	if so then id bet yes .
0	i just knew , not like that childish knew , but really knew..
0	be shy , but speak ur mind wen u feel u should .
0	one of the most awesome guys i know has cp .
0	do you really want someone around you have to keep proving yourself to ?
0	nope , as long as you do it back .
0	you have to ask your self do i deserve better than this .
0	tell them how you feel about them
0	do n't give him a reason not to .
0	asian girls are like other girls .
0	no just kidding just dont answer it if you do n't need to
0	maybe u will even get one 4 christmas !
0	maybe thats why they come here ... .
0	that way you last longer : p
0	i know someone who is looking for work ... thanks !
0	i mean look around outside it 's everywhere
0	i really dont like to babysit on my days off !
0	if their is no reson for you wanting to leave !
0	to love & to be loved is the greatest thing on this earth
0	maybe they are not looking for a wife .
0	ofcourse they are human too they are just into the same sex .
0	if he says yes , you know .
0	because he dont like you , hes gay
0	why do guys say they need sex ?
0	or think of it like this .
0	do n't try to be mean , be yourself .
0	have a 1st date at a cafe ( lunch or coffee ) .
0	do you want to hang out sometime ?
0	just take your time because you have lots of it .
0	i just love a squirty lady ! !
0	but it 's good to know what the girls like : )
0	ya i am interested in this question too .
0	the woman who is now my wife .
0	i do n't really want a relationship .
0	why ca n't your dad be friends with jen ?
0	personaly i dont know what to say when my bf complements me .
0	try to remeber why you got married in the first place .
0	be nice , concerned and keep your mind on school and friends .
0	ha ha , guys do n't always wan na have sex .
0	go ahead and have sex- but use a condom .
0	try sitting her down , and try to talk about it with her*
0	well if he is a friend you should be able to just ask him .
0	how do i know its her ?
0	have you seen the movie a lot like love ?
0	at a consert or any where where you need a lot of money
0	i think a restrant would be great
0	but , i never saw my cousin again !
0	because mature woman are good companion .
0	if he truly loves u he wont leave u !
0	just what should he say ?
0	put your kids first every time
0	if u like my advice e-mail me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
0	im going there something like this now .
0	and what 's not to be attracted to by that ?
0	make friends with him/her and ask them out
0	soon u will find the right guy .
0	and it will knock you off your feet .
0	and then be a good lis-ner ...
0	he might he that as fun .
0	it 's not worth loseing a best friend over .
0	my husband is working in new jersey right now but ppl said hes married ?
0	you see ... she tells me she loves me .
0	i think some how some guys are so week and aimless
0	hmmm ... .i do n't usually recommend asking right out .
0	spill a smoothie on his shoes..
0	maybe she 's in love with it .
0	so there really is n't any clear cut way of knowing .
0	she say very little just wondering why ?
0	love is love ... live and let live .
0	i dont know why so it scares me .
0	even so its no good men are always ( almost ) like that .
0	i would rather he had some meat on dem bones .
0	because you have to ask a question to get the answer ! !
0	im in the same pickle tell me the awnser
0	if you or they have ever cheated on somewon dont bother .
0	if she smiles and hangs out with you you have only moved up .
0	they always want to be with you .
0	if he really loves u then ' i love u ' does n't matter .
0	i think in most guys it is just a want .
0	no , b'cos that is what your heart desires
0	i fall in love with my husband again and again !
0	why r'nt u happy for u ?
0	pair of kids , so its all good
0	on your wedding day you 'll be so thankfull you waited and say wow !
0	just say your right to everything she says
0	and break down the wall and make him feel comfortable with being near you ..
0	its like there addicited to it ! !
0	second , just tell him you do n't want to hang out with him .
0	if we are crazy ... so be it ! ! !
0	sorry but it is not your job .
0	holy crap ... you 've got to be kidding me .
0	i would dump him and find some one that really love you
0	well im a girl so maybe i know your answer .
0	but always keep yo eye open holla !
0	do you think he really loves me : )
0	im going out w/ my bestfriend ( guy ) and we bearly started .
0	you do n't want a man , you want a servant .
0	we argue alot about stupid stuff , but he treats my son like gold .
0	sit down and give him a good talking to .
0	now that said lets talk about the guy who left to think .
0	its like the air we breath .
0	sure you will someday , when you are married .
0	someone you met at a bar - at least you know what he looks like
0	or blonds red heads lol sorry
0	i know it depends on the woman ! !
0	anything above two and half inch rocks !
0	even if he does leave his wife and kids .
0	dump her ass if she is arrogant like that .
0	lust is when you are first with someone .
0	you want to be just friends too .
0	( ** ) < | dead fish ollec , the fish slayer
0	do n't try to force yourself to like someone .
0	how men get rid of clamydia ?
0	not one parent and a child .
0	ask just 2 people - her father and your boss .
0	what should i give him for xmas ?
0	and , you can also ask her out .
0	your soulmate could be in europe .
0	i love peach fuzz on women .
0	( i hope i got that right )
0	if not , stick with your plans .
0	soooo ... .yeah ... ... .my little emotional overflow session here ... .lol .
0	if you do n't like it , then it is wrong .
0	so whats another way to know if she likes me or not ?
0	say your guy loves you first .
0	not often enough , too many other things going on .
0	should i call him or what ?
0	only when we 're not thinking about sex ... oops !
0	when you are in a relationship and you are seriouse about it
0	the wedding/ marriage is n't just about her .
0	act like your name triple h
0	not sure ... wan na grab a drink later ?
0	he loved her so much he married her and had kids with her .
0	hahaha , you sound like so many other single people i know .
0	haha -- mens are free for anything
0	she laughs , we dream ... and ca n't stop smiling .
0	wut do u think i should do ?
0	forget him , y would he live that relationship ?
0	cause i cant message at school but i can do this .
0	he is most definitely cheating on you !
0	i like long hair on guys .
0	so will he divorce with her ?
0	you 've got a set of balls on you !
0	girls dont really like fucking around with peoples hearts unless they get paid .
0	buy her flowers or something she wouldnt expect
0	ask him why dose he like you ?
0	hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs .
0	that does mean that there not still in love with there 1st love .
0	ask him why dose he like you ?
0	hmm it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all that bs .
0	that does mean that there not still in love with there 1st love .
0	if fate permits , things will change and you two will go further .
0	im 24 and my wife is 35 .
0	get over it and get on with your life .
0	bon jovi-ill be there for you .
0	2 ) how she acts 3 ) who she hangs out with
0	but my reward for hanging in there ... .. ?
0	guys ( especially teenagers ) , pretty much only think about sex .
0	no really does mean no and whether u like it or not they rule .
0	can u tell me something abt u ?
0	my man is in brooklyn new york .
0	you do n't want to hurt her .
0	well , it 's pretty clear that you two are n't an item yet .
0	when we love a person , we want him/her to be happy .
0	thats the key , the rest will follow .
0	i dont want to have friends that hate me .
0	depends what kind of ladies u want .
0	guys usually do n't play games , that 's for women to do .
0	you need a guy that is going to love you for you .
0	when u make your mind think before ur heart
0	he and i are both very attractive and sucessful .
0	then hell yeah it would be us but that 's just it !
0	so if he wants to kiss then let him unless it makes you uncomfortable .
0	then , find a great guy and have great sex !
0	try to see a girl that has alot in common w/ you .
0	first of all how old are you ?
0	and i always thinkg she might find someone better too ...
0	you go up to that person and ask them out .
0	i wake up several times and toss & turn ... just never feel rested .
0	because girls have holes that we want to put it in .
0	its always nice to exprience something even if its good or bad .
0	think about your kids ... you might end up with nothin in the end..period
0	and if he says no , then ask him out !
0	some men look good bald too .
0	wait until you are 35 ... ... ... that 's when life gets good .
0	once a cheater , always a cheater .
0	txs rngers say : cmon boyz , we got right on our side !
0	also watch my best friends wedding
0	keep your chin up even though i know it 's tough .
0	when you ca n't stop to think about that person
0	thos would defenitely help u dude !
0	any place where u like to make love is heaven for u .
0	it is ok but you must be carefull cause there are freaks out there .
0	and it must be a 2 way street .
0	how much younger ... lol some women do .
0	if there is doubt then i would wait .
0	i think it really depends on what the female is looking for .
0	i guess it can be a resterant .
0	how to encourage a guy to ask me to go out ?
0	if kids are involved though , got ta do whats best for them .
0	trust me she wo n't care after that .
0	men do this sort of thing because they generally get away with it .
0	ima virgin so anything will help .
0	i have noticed that it depends on the girl .
0	b ) i 'm just glad i got one women - alot ! !
0	you cant let anyone persue you like that .
0	! also you need to take things slow if she wants you to .
0	i had four kids for him .
0	men do that sort of thing because they can .
0	i guess u just listen to what she has to say .
0	all good things to those who wait .
0	i would n't do him again , yuck !
0	report abuse how old is everyone here ? ?
0	laundry ... ... my god next question please .
0	probably best if you just muster up the courage to tell him , though .
0	i do n't like shareing my guys .
0	i 've been with my bf for about a year now .
0	we do n't have to see everything in the damn store .
0	most of the girls are just talk , and never follow through .
0	i know it is hard but you will find the right man someday !
0	let him make the first move , if any ?
0	check your wonderful abilities then trust your self and carry on
0	everytime i do something nice for people i get slapped in the face basically
0	asians have money no doubt about it .
0	it is good to talk to a mature woman
0	bj , then go bake him a pie .
0	if its meant to work out it will , so hang in there .
0	if not he might be obligated .
0	washington dc - the ratio of men to women is huge
0	some have it as a laffy taffy answ3r3r
0	we are funny about that stuff .
0	it depend which country u belong ?
0	it would depend on how the chat goes
0	if you do n't talk to her than yeah ! !
0	if you get feelings then they are because of your lust .
0	now if she loves u and u love her then stay with her !
0	just be the most what u realy r
0	wait til u get married , lol .
0	i hope everthing works out let me no chris_myhll @ yahoo.com
0	dress sexy and then get naked
0	i have no ideas what to do !
0	why would they freak out if they are single it shouldnt be a problem
0	just tell him to back off .
0	i dont know ... do you ask him where he is going ?
0	only if you want it to .
0	first of all try gaining her father 's trust
0	girl on girl kicks ass guy on guy is nasty
0	( ladies and gentlemen answer me here i 'm drowning ! )
0	umm ... it takes me a while , ' k ?
0	he wants whats his own baby .
0	just got ta have faith in another person
0	but it sounds like he wants his cake and wants to eat it to .
0	try watching the movie hitch ... you might get a few ideas ...
0	we 've tried yahoo personals , and chat rooms , gay bars , etc .
0	no ... pheromones actually work on the person using the perfume/cologne .
0	let him come to you he did it wrong not you .
0	- satisfied customer is their best advertisement !
0	makes me wonder if she is like 12 or something .
0	tell him whats on your mind .
0	not really , why are you even asking this question ?
0	next thing i know , he 's kinda got a girlfriend .
0	go in for the quick swoop .
0	just be up front with him .
0	have ur cousin talk to him .
0	the age old song ' happy b'day to you ' always work
0	especially if you know your ugly .
0	you 've got so much of it !
0	if u do n't how could u live w/urself ?
0	dont drop the l word ... you dont even know what it means .
0	i dont wan na get deviore with the kids i have .
0	u do take a shower everyday do n't u ?
0	tall..dark n handsome..u c.. the best combi !
0	your a sicko and so are you paul !
0	i did n't and could have saved 3 % .
0	sweetie , i thought i met me soulmate online .
0	i have a crush on this girl but she dosent know it yet .
0	like ive already said time will tell .
0	hope you manage to suss it out .
0	just try communicating more n tell me if it works.good luck
0	remember , they 're not monsters , they 're just grrrs .
0	learn methods to use no matter your size .
0	if he 's not living up to what he says , he 's lying .
0	do n't beg for their friendship either !
0	well i hope this helps some ... .i know it helped me let go .
0	i will be so much better if you two wait for marriage !
0	if you banged her brother , you 've got issues .
0	they got a divorce , the women re married a few years later .
0	thier not as scorned as you
0	only his boyfriend knows for sure ...
0	believe it or not , guys tend to daydream more than girls .
0	first of all if its a coworker , becareful .
0	.when i call him back do i ask him if he likes me ?
0	i love my boyfriend and he loves me .
0	if he is a guy , then he is cheating on you .
0	why surprise her after you eat ? ?
0	show up naked and bring beer .
0	dont worry u will meet someone someday .
0	try to fall in love with him again regardless of his stupid sister .
0	so if you have a gut doubt about it .
0	never marry a man just for the kids sake .
0	look at the cars they drive .
0	or if they call you just to say hi .
0	some guys prefer more cushion for the pushin ' !
0	fore go tacky and cheesy pick up lines .
0	why look at porn when you are just right there waiting in bed ?
0	he will like you so much less when you do .
0	you just realized sooner as you get older how dumb it all is .
0	like if you both like movies or things like that .
0	she does not act like her self !
0	if you want but i would wait and play it out .
0	beautiful it makes a girl feel special
0	here 's a good date idea , do n't be cheap .
0	i also think its against the rules , in my college at least .
0	it makes it that much more precious when you do say it !
0	men- sex men-power women-money ( theres always a gold digger out there )
0	a huge soft bed ... . some place where you feel most comfortable and relaxed
0	i also prefer my guys big .
0	love will not vanish slowly if you do n't let it !
0	i think that would just be awesome for a guy to have it personalized !
0	if this is like the nice guys finish last kinda thing , thats easy .
0	ask him if he has a gf .
0	flowers do n't last long , but are nice once in a while .
0	wheather it b verbal , mental , physical or sexual .
0	girl , age aint notin but a number !
0	ya lookin at the best definition of cute
0	just say what is on your mind !
0	you got ta have trust in a relationship .
0	some guys are just as afraid of rejection as girls are .
0	but i like her very much ...
0	ask him what his fantasy is .
0	get some girls in your college .
0	does he say it only after you do ?
0	b strong do put a stop 2 the torture of a innocent child .
0	rub her shoulders if shes washing the dishes then jump in and help .
0	i gave him a big tip !
0	goodness will boomerang back at ya ' .
0	cooks a meal for you and it 's not your anniversary or birthday .
0	hold her hand while your watching tv 2nite .
0	or else you gave those vows for nothing .
0	i love him and i do n't want this to come between us .
0	soon you 2 will be doing all kinds of things together .
0	i felt sorry for him , even though i know i shouldnt of .
0	i think he was kidding ; )
0	- now , always and forever and to stop asking .
0	well i can relate to that being a guy .
0	so you might as well tell them save yourself that drama later .
0	dont let him kiss you in the dark .
0	i like guys with short hair .
0	mak him/her love u by being loveable : )
0	i think about 90 % of them do .
0	i want the wedding of my dreams !
0	why not the precious moments store ?
0	it 's time to get some counseling .
0	buy them a pair of white socks !
0	tell her that there is another great year with the woman of my dreams
0	make her jeleous , by flirting with her friends for instance !
0	yahoo chat is pretty good and it 's free
0	the one who never says 'no ' ; )
0	i would n't think that just hers is such a nice idea .
0	is he trying to make me jealous ?
0	wow ... why did you limit that query to just 2005 ?
0	when you get married she should take your sir name ! ! !
0	just go up and tell her .
0	he does n't like you , be better looking and try again
0	when she talks , listen in that way you will know whats bugging her .
0	dont kill me before i finish ... lol .
0	sounds like you two are just in a rut .
0	when you find him ... ask if he has a brother ( haha )
0	if she says no then ask to be just friends .
0	not just to please your boyfriend .
0	unlimited music download membership for 1 year
0	they will never talk behind you back .
0	it 's like a nobody going to tell me who i am thing .
0	should i stay , endure it and try to work it out ?
0	and i have a camera phone she does too .
0	you do n't have tell her right off the bat .
0	guys think with there minds and women think with their emotions .
0	you should tell him how u feel and if he loves you he will understand
0	am i loosing my best friend ?
0	is he really abusive or are you making this up ?
0	firs of all it depends on how old u are !
0	girls like that will rub there crotch anywhere .
0	dont cheat , but especially not with her friend !
0	i mean what is the worse that he can say right ?
0	if you love eachother you will find ways to make it work .
0	i think thats ur problem tofigure out no offense ... .
0	some females do that , make it on you to leave .
0	he needs new friends if there that immature
0	and if you love something you always go back .
0	let 's see ... if you really hate her , she probably already knows .
0	get out there and be yourself !
0	i always find out , its like i sense it .
0	dont say it before you get to affectionate .
0	but like if u over 30 dats stragiht .
0	lots of nice , intelligent girls ... ; )
0	do n't see him one last time .
0	yes : do n't sunburn your back on your honeymoon !
0	we ca n't choose who we love only what we do .
0	i dont know him butim guessing .
0	even though it 's olny 2 yrs .
0	but , women are just better in hiding , and lying .
0	do n't worry if women need you or not .
0	or cyber online and all that kinda stuff !
0	hard but true , maybe she does not love u. right ?
0	say are you doing anything some night & ask her to a movie .
0	i dunno u n i havent met u .
0	yes us girls really do want sex as much as you guys do .
0	she just wants a good grade , forget about it you geezar
0	i would watch out and not have a real relationship with this person .
0	if you really dig her ask her out but no sex .
0	old guys young guys , it doesnt matter .
0	o theres hope a lot of hope trust me
0	yes because we need to get to know people
0	depends if you can find anothr queer near buy
0	surprise her with flowers ... forget the sex .
0	maybe she thinks u r some kind a virus or 3 .
0	i think there is more intemacywith a person you are in love with .
0	most boys wonder what are girls good for anyway ?
0	because they are just so interesting .
0	we dont have to work as hard b/c dudes are easy prey
0	lol , i 'm with wendy on that one .
0	if you know what i mean .
0	above all he has to be interested in alot of stuff i am .
0	but dont worry.. there will be other guys for you to like .
0	not too long like to ur shoulders though .
0	guys just have urges when they 're around pretty girls .
0	if you ai n't getting none , then start masterbating
0	be there for the person , help out , be a friend .
0	but if you want to kiss him , ..just lay it on him !
0	i personally think that 's so lame .
0	just tell him its your first kiss .
0	if i found it a real so i do n't have to find it again
0	you want to be able to play .
0	its really impossible if they care about you .
0	if you obesess over them , or die at a young age ...
0	3-4 times a week at least .
0	so take it slow and take care
0	i say just leave it alone .
0	heres the deal , theres love and lust .
0	asking u out may seem risky because he doesnt know u like him back .
0	how much do you like the guy ?
0	guys are jerks when they try to be nice .
0	do u believe in love at first sight ?
0	yes of course it 's normal to have guy friends if ur a gurl
0	no he is just a player that all .
0	if so , how much celebration does it warrant ?
0	sex as a weapon is just stupid .
0	however , that does not mean you dont have a chance with them .
0	so is he trying to make me jealous or is he just a player ?
0	better do not dare..it is not a good chance why is he/ she old ?
0	it 's how you get a job , dumb ass !
0	anyway , he may be saying it because he means it .
0	and trust me if he did all this , he would not be faithful .
0	you do n't really like him like that .
0	i spent $ 65 4 christmas on him .
0	so my advice would be to quit being so shy !
0	believe me he likes that big butt !
0	if your intimidated she will know .
0	if she 's like that you can take her to a perk .
0	it depends how how much younger
0	are you a compleat prude or any thing ?
0	through my ups and my downs and he still doesnt leave me at all .
0	and you dont deserve this kind of man .
0	go to an interview with playboy or sumthing
0	such a bad idea if you decide to hook up with her .
0	the girl he cares about more than himself ...
0	also , its from a 14 year old guy .
0	my friend totally backstabbed like three of my good friends .
0	fatherly ... ..wow ... ... should this really be this far down the list ?
0	say mom dad i have a boyfriend and i would like you to meet him
0	ok , first be careful who you hang out with .
0	buy her flowers take her 2 the movies kiss her !
0	they either do or they do n't .
0	but that does n't make it right .
0	it is n't good , i will tell you that much .
0	who cares how much money he spent ?
0	just the two of us a grover washington/bill withers version
0	show lots of cleavage and use the bedroom eyes .
0	so i am going to say - no !
0	you can start by spelling loser right .
0	but i really love my bf .
0	sort of like if walmart sold xxx movies .
0	the mysterious and fun loving brunettes .
0	pretty much the same thing girls think about guys but in reverse .
0	b/c your always on this darn computer looking at these ridiculous computer conversations !
0	if you havent yet , dont let it bother you .
0	turn on wilbanks rd - go 0.3 mi 10 .
0	there can & will never be trust between you because look how it started .
0	well i see how you feel .
0	you cant just find it , you have to create it .
0	i got to know this gal thru online chat .
0	but she never told you ( not that she has to ) .
0	not my idea of a boyfriend .
0	act like i do n't see him ? ..wave ? ..
0	that people even have to ask questions like this is so disturbing to me .
0	what you think , girls dont wan na have ?
0	next to a jewelry store ; - )
0	about what girls really think of guys..
0	the same is happening to me
0	go to yahoo messenger and find the country you want
0	tell him your answer is no !
0	the only stupid part is staying with some one that is cheating on you .
0	none of his or my female friends are our type .
0	you both need to get a life .
0	unles your mother has a good reason to worry ?
0	but it should be whatever the girl likes .
0	maybe you can have some backdoor action with her ?
0	: ) i would know i have had a crush
0	well i hope i helped ya out !
0	girls like guys that are romantic .
0	please , please , do not listen to any of the above .
0	ca n't you find girls in college ?
0	he likes you but could not find a good flower
0	( both your dad and jen are dishonoring that vow , fwiw . )
0	do n't come on too strong a first .
0	be yourself no matter who 's watching !
0	i really do care about her and she cares about me too .
0	i would take you with lots of love.i do not judge
0	your either not confident enough , ugly , or your personality sucks
0	you must try and i mean try to move on .
0	no beacuse if thats how u feel then naw its not bad
0	you dont get over it , we forgive but we cant get over it .
0	in the meantime , dont do anything silly ; ) .
0	it wont hurt to have a killer voice either.. thats my $ 0.02
0	meaning that it need cared for and about .
0	ofcourse if u rate this as best answer : )
0	well that is the same line i use to get a girlz pants off ...
0	i hate her 4 not protecting me .
0	wow ! believe me , there is nothing wrong with you.kudos to you !
0	if your husband did n't want you he would n't have married you .
0	! im 14 seeking for lots of advice .
0	she invites you to go places with her ( 10 ) .
0	u should also ask- how do i prevent stds ?
0	you should be glad you got a second chance of being with someone .
0	unless u know what she feels theres no question of understanding her .
0	guys arent complicated like girls are .
0	judas priest turbo lover , has the groove & rythym just for the occasion
0	i would just be totally natural about it .
0	no one deserves 2 b abused in anyway ... no one ! ! !
0	i try and manipulate people to get what i want .
0	just want to see what other people out there like .
0	love is n't something that is , just beacuse it once was .
0	guys are feeding you a line .
0	anything else you just stumble upon is lust .
0	because women these days dont care if someone is married or not .
0	wonder what white gals like about asian guys ?
0	as long as the key 's are not sticky .
0	at least they can drink ( i guess ! )
0	i think its because girls judge ppl by their appearence .
0	beware and wait this one out .
0	secondly why would she hate you for moving ?
0	no it is not a sin .
0	if he gets another girl to give him what he needs .
0	yep it doesnt mater where you meet people you always have to be careful
0	do n't be so hard on yourself !
0	there is a reason he/she does n't want you anymore .
0	true love finds you you dont find true love .
0	dont give in too the divorce temptations .
0	that baby deserves a chance to live !
0	write me back with the answer please
0	thats what mother nature forced them to do .
0	read he 's just not into me ! !
0	just get annoyed or freaked out .
0	because youare just talking to her then you are just being friendly then .
0	i am gay and think i love him but only a month now .
0	guys think about the following things about girls : : 1 .
0	if u are seriously shy online , u need help .
0	rudha , i would like to know abt u a bit .
0	but guys do n't intend it that way at all .
0	or ... wait while some1 else does it before u .
0	question is not complete , u must mention the type of girls
0	then you 're just a bad memory .
0	sex is for the marriage bed only !
0	- old habits are hard to break .
0	i have alot of favorite colors but the one i like the most is blue
0	though we live together i find that we do n't get much time alone .
0	if in doubt talk to her drs .
0	i would think it to be more special that way !
0	how old are you , are you totally clueless ?
0	if a guy cheats , he 's a dog .
0	the aged old saying nature knows .
0	i see ppl mess up everyday or make love mistakes everyday .
0	even if you did n't do anything wrong !
0	happy folks get on with life .
0	he may finally say all right i trust you so stop following me !
0	and one time at band camp
0	there really is not any best age to get married .
0	dude have you seen 40 yrs old virgin ? ? ?
0	do n't force yourself to try it .
0	your heart will tell you if you are in love !
0	why would you go into something you 've got no experience in ?
0	but i miss her every day .
0	she might just have the expereince your looking for
0	love its that gut feeling you get .
0	i wan na no if i fit in .
0	i like men my height or taller .
0	and it also depends and how the guy acts .
0	he will try to have sex with you
0	i would have been a kid longer !
0	at least that 's what i 've heard .
0	my ex is a crazy byoch !
0	i sure you will have lots of luck .
0	and why would you even want someone that would cheat on his wife .
0	well ... depends of how much you would like to invest in one ...
0	see how he looks at you girl .
0	she will worship you in return ... isss thaaat soooo baddd ? ?
0	i fell sorry for the women that you run into .
0	due to the way they get the diamonds .
0	because women deal more with emotions , then men do .
0	like tell me is they mean , flirty .
0	step four : get to know her !
0	be the fun girl he knew once upon a time .
0	but here it gooes did it hurt .then they said what ?
0	not sure what her rule should be !
0	i am more of an orange or camo turned on guy !
0	honey those days are long gone !
0	mostly it depends on : sex , past , etc .
0	sure , what do you have to lose ?
0	she wa svery glad i told her and she was mad at her hubby .
0	staying inside or sleeping only makes it worse to recover .
0	if you really want to know ... ask him .
0	a good movie to see with on a date ?
0	it 's just like any thing else such as broccolli , liver , cheese .
0	i even asked her why and she could n't give me a straight answer .
0	we can chat on yahoo mikegoti1972 @ yahoo.ca
0	are you really looking at the big picture !
0	was i too soon , she seems ok with the term .
0	i think it depends how this cousin is related to you .
0	dear god thats cofusing just tell him what happoned and apologize ... ... ..
0	who said americans are the ones who have girlfriends ?
0	god did such an awsome job making women and now everyone wants one
0	their shape , softness , the nipple everything !
0	that isnt to say looks arent important .
0	how do you know its them ?
0	it was like looking at tommy lasorda .
0	they will usually go for the money
0	i do n't want to be caught .
0	just like me , they long to be , close to you
0	black men like big butts and breasts even if the woman is fat .
0	is ruff sex a bad thing ?
0	dont let him get to you .
0	mo money mo money mo money ...
0	thats the same question that i asked for years .
0	so your just the backup boyfriend just end the friendship your getting played
0	remember there is no shame in waiting .
0	i lost my virginity at 17 and drunk ... .
0	be yourself that 's what i like i guy who can just be himself .
0	depends what you use it for .
0	do n't think another thing about it , hun .
0	he says what when you ask him .
0	well you should just forget that you are doing it .
0	everyone reacts differently ... just have patience and be there for him .
0	you know for sure when you do n't doubt .
0	not to sound mean but why do u care ?
0	dont get married until your finacaly stable .
0	amorous < -- - i think that is how it is spelled .
0	and if he really loves you he or she will wait !
0	so go out there and live !
0	sometimes no strings can be fun ... just be careful & protect yourself ...
0	some girls are more interested in somebody with money instead of making it themselves
0	sounds a lot like my 10th grade year .
0	but they are still dating and still living together .
0	well does age have something to do with it ? ?
0	i am definitely not trying to say thay ca n't help themselves ...
0	probably not , but it could work ... .no probably not .
0	should i or should i not ?
0	you really should be asking why people in general cheat , not just wives .
0	that actually worked for me once .
0	no , they could have just not found the right person .
0	same as all women are looking for in men : security
0	some men prefer bigger some man smaller breasts ...
0	do the rings bearers walk before the flower girls ?
0	at first sight it might be lust .
0	tell a friend to ask him or her
0	did someone tease at school etc .
0	you should go watch it with your date it might be a little long though
0	it means a lot that people still care .
0	um i would just to be nice..
0	no ... obviously you know she has a b/f .
0	if he does and he lloves his little girl stay .
0	show her how to eat properly and encourage her each day .
0	i hated my life after that .
0	girls like lots of things silly .
0	find couples to hang out with !
0	and is my best friend for more than 1 year
0	if you have to ask questions like this about your relationship .
0	no guarantee tho , because some men never grow up .
0	flirt with her till she knows it .
0	i know i definately would want to know .
0	definately ur relationship is some wat different .
0	it is up to you to leave or stay .
0	be happy with each other and enjoy life .
0	dont make it a racial thing .
0	no you dont , but you will need a lawyer for each state
0	they might not be the crazy one look inwards
0	now you tell me - what does that tell you ?
0	just because you look it does n't mean you want to buy .
0	man just get over it ... you will get mates not a mate ...
0	let his name and location be known to the world !
0	no if you try your an idiot
0	naked pictures ... or jumping up and down naked ... both work..
0	so be honest..talk it out and be willin to try new things .
0	^ i agree lol thats funny
0	hit me up if you got a question i got an answer luv yah chausss
0	it depends are u two in a realtionship ? ? ?
0	and you better check her ringfinger boy !
0	its better but it can be more painful .
0	if you 're hiding stuff , you 're probably cheating .
0	both need to be good to go !
0	if he 's bigger than you and has a bad temper you should be .
0	i want you to know right now , that they are wrong .
0	love for yourself ... .all else is secondary
0	just curiousty , what about hilary his wife ?
0	cds shirts dvds an iou for a movie or something , your treat
0	we fight about it and he still dont care .
0	butt out and get a life
0	your the one she promised her love to .
0	it depends on your preferences ... : )
0	if you are a chick , then give lots of tongue .
0	ioono but i kno i dont want no unattractive ( ugly ) boyfreind
0	you only 'kinda like ' this guy , dont take the risk .
0	i masterb*te almost 10-12x a day .
0	always behave in ur nature and ur honesty and u 'll get them
0	same goes with im , do not archive your messages .
0	or else he will never know that you have a problem !
0	coz 2 stupid makes no difference
0	what the hell am i suppose to do ? ? ?
0	and so we could share it with others .
0	in general..white men prefer smaller women..hence the asians they like , too .
0	do you know about his past ?
0	i use myspace and xanga check out my myspace n xanga !
0	honestly i think you should just out and out tell him .
0	im always the one to attack him i want to be attacked .
0	but of course.. that 's just me .
0	it means sad ... ... ur having a sad christmas ... ..ur lonley
0	your thinkin about doin it , huh .
0	or is your family trying to save you from making a mistake ! !
0	but im spending almost all my time out there .
0	not really but if they mean it they would never do anything to hurt you
0	there horny people alot of thhem arent though alot of them are sexi and fun
0	it comes natural unless she is tryin way to hard to get your attention
0	you do n't mess with chics like that .
0	life is a one-way street , and , gee !
0	big , small , lopsided , perky , it dos n't matter .
0	you have to get past him just looking good !
0	a nice guy that does not care about what girls like .
0	i do at least three times a day
0	long winded way of saying : chill .
0	with an transplant of hear full of love .
0	others would find blonds , readheads or even grey hair sexy .
0	just put them all together n you got the perfect girl !
0	sometimes no means yes , and yes means no .
0	honey , i thought told you to wait in the truck !
0	their shape , softness , the nipple everything !
0	so technically ... the question shouldve been y r guys so stupid and slow !
0	so why do you guys think this happens ?
0	i guess i 'm going to go to hell when i die .
0	it really sucks actually , cuz your like damn i screwed it up .
0	but it does sound like cheating .
0	make compliments ... talk about what you are interested in ...
0	slap him in the face and remind him who he is
0	using lube will help a lot too .
0	it really sucks actually , cuz your like damn i screwed it up .
0	but it does sound like cheating .
0	make compliments ... talk about what you are interested in ...
0	using lube will help a lot too .
0	i told darryl but he 's willing to take me back ...
0	go out and meet a beautiful girl .
0	because there is not god in the relationship
0	depends who she is , cuz alot of the time its not worth it .
0	or how do i find out ?
0	these things sound like it 'll make your reunion that much sweeter !
0	just call her and take a chance .
0	you should try and use a phone .
0	any advice or ideas on what is going on ? ?
0	looks alone will not do it .
0	good luck buddy.. but take a long time..
0	they want something easy or they are sluts .
0	i think all in favor of females always have it on their mind ! !
0	but , i guess you knew that .
0	if u love him then no
0	yeah , you just have to have a lot of money !
0	if you want to marry him .
0	oct. 16 1996 , and they have 3 little girls ! !
0	dude you sound so wishy washy .
0	or is he cheating on you , or stealing money from you .
0	its been my experience that most men set there sights to high .
0	eye contact is the may key
0	just kiss her in front of people .
0	i like the medium ones : )
0	that person wont judge you no matter what you do .
0	he was 19 and she was a 29-yr-old divorcee with 3 kids !
0	he stood me up for two hours and its not the first time
0	a lot of humour and crayons .
0	im with bruce on this nye tends to bring out the slut in us
0	so , you should be happy to be so .
0	good thing : they listen to what you say .
0	with that in mind ... .go for it !
0	the one you truly love - > you ca n't miss that feeling .
0	i had a problem like that no to long ago .
0	maybe because birds are afraid of getting close to people ...
0	start being nice to her return everything that hers and keep talking to her
0	i 'm 11 and i would n't mind going out with 2d though hehe
0	i mean , am i just a booty call ?
0	and tell a neighbor whats going on .
0	take it easy for the first time .
0	( please exuse my spelling , i suck w/ it )
0	show her love during the day .
0	if it is ruining ur life , u should talk to her .
0	they suck , but so do std 's .
0	but ask her , not us , ok ?
0	it sounds harsh and hopeless but you got ta try and try again .
0	oh , and a guy whos cooks is great , too !
0	so i told his wife right after he tried .
0	yeah , if you 're stuck on getting with her .
0	therefor you love her too , do n't cha ?
0	find someone single and tell the cheater bye
0	most caucasion men do n't like fat women .
0	love is proof that god is with us in this dark world .
0	find someone single and tell the cheater bye
0	most caucasion men do n't like fat women .
0	love is proof that god is with us in this dark world .
0	( a video tape of you confessing your love , singing ... .
0	does he always seem happy to see you ?
0	you guys could go out as friend to like a movie or something fun .
0	and the gal always think the guy is infactuated towards her !
0	i am not so sure why i dont like it .
0	the real question is if he really loves you ?
0	i see lots of guys anytime i leave my house .
0	i mean if its the second date i suggest u dump him .
0	it 's not what you buy , but what you give .
0	you have to atleast be able to feel it , or even find it !
0	yea i think you should ask her .
0	when you just like someone and dont even think why because you just do ...
0	and nice teeth , got ta have 'em all and white !
0	he 's like one of the best guys ever .
0	who has a good head on his shoulders .
0	try aa if you cant get him sober get awy from him hell destory you
0	maybe you havent found your true love !
0	gosh , what does she like to do ?
0	im sure you will like it there .
0	something had to make that relationship that bad
0	i say you should talk to him .
0	and you just want to be friends .
0	well good luck with the ladies !
0	girls like lots of stuff , but you have to be more specific .
0	good luck and dont forget to strut !
0	hard to get mad at your your own team mate..lol .
0	we just have to except it and move on .
0	oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that ! ! !
0	i guess it all depends on your desire to find a soulmate
0	oh - anyone would be so lucky to get that ! ! !
0	i guess it all depends on your desire to find a soulmate
0	and ofcors , most important thing is brain ...
0	most women lie about how many guys they 've slept with .
0	jealousy mostly , but it really is his problem not yours .
0	but some do it because they feel they need to rule you .
0	being lovely from all people like how i love him
0	well the no is already there because you are not with him .
0	now go see a psychologist before i slap you .
0	read sex for dummies by dr. ruth !
0	well u could still be lovers n be friends .
0	if she loves you and you love her ... then no worries !
0	i dunno , probably because it keeps the human race alive .
0	either they do or they do n't .
0	or she 'll be surprised and responde to u .
0	tell your mom that you dont like her family .
0	because its a part of life ...
0	look them in the eyes and if they start to smile thay are lying
0	try impressing me with your other end !
0	even if you 're just friends with someone , go out .
0	if she does n't like you , it 's not personal ! !
0	if you guys are friends , then you can definitely send her a card .
0	go out with my friends and flaunt what i got .
0	just say do you like me or her
0	didnt you get hurt when you fell from heaven ... ...
0	i do n't think it 's too soon .
0	you just do n't know what their responce is going to be .
0	but i have never heard of reduction .
0	i will miss him terribly , by the way !
0	they fell for the wrong guy .
0	i wear mine on my ring finger because it means more ! ! !
0	sometimes it can be cemical and a easy fix .
0	he said oh that 's wonderful we 're going to drink champagne tonight !
0	have you ever seen skid marks in your own pants ?
0	ask him to his face ... live your life
0	when u see anything familiar and widespread do u 'll do it without fearing
0	search better ... and low your aspectations..
0	what can i say , i 'm a catch !
0	1 - should she leave him ?
0	cause you are other fan of the carpenters ! ! ! ! !
0	a women who sleeps aroud with other people even thougfh they have a bf
0	good luck with however you like .
0	do you call even your girl frinds every day ?
0	im not sure but i dont think its your thumb .
0	at 50 , a 32 year old .
0	... guys in their late 30s/early 40s ...
0	yahoo is one of them !
0	im pretty sure it does n't mean anything .
0	it 's like telling them that they ca n't go shopping on wednesdays .
0	not like a old maid either .
0	if he does then size won ` t matter .
0	cheap and good is the best way to go .
0	i know because something like that happened to me to ! !
0	go down on her or use your fingers softly
0	that is what it turns me most .
0	what if he asks questions ?
0	why would they admit they 're cheating if they 're getting away with it .
0	( i.e lots of hugs or geez your hands are cold .
0	if that does n't work he is gay
0	all i can say is good luck !
0	he wants me to be super-aggressive & it 's just not my thing .
0	guys do n't always think a bout sex 24/7 .
0	well first just go up to her and ask her how she is doing .
0	funny thing is i realized that the other guy i loved more .
0	no they go to their own instincts on what they want t odo
0	you do n't jump up and start yelling hey puppy come here ! .
0	their is no such thing as a girl friend when your a married man .
0	because he already loves someone else
0	who you are , where you from
0	has told us they are hot .
0	nice point mace , women _love_ shopping .
0	if he does n't want it you can always ship it to me .
0	i wear thongs and i wanted to know if guys like them !
0	guys : how long would you stick around until she does ?
0	if she does not bring a date have one set up for her .
0	( and most of us over analyze things ! )
0	we dont do anything fun , he keeps me in like a hermet .
0	talk to him and ask him what is up .
0	just say you are sorry for being a jerk ... ... ... ...
0	bite it off tonight and tell him merry christmas you bastard
0	big teddy bear w/real diamond earrings
0	well hummmmm it all depends what you are looking for
0	and probably sharing the same bed with him .
0	i 'll tell you something i was told a long time ago .
0	if you will like some more advice e-mail me littlecastgirl @ yahoo.com
0	) do it for god do not have sex reyesempire @ yahoo.com
0	and get back to being you .
0	i say get a neutral friend to ask him .
0	or 'lol i would n't do her ' .
0	get help and get it fast !
0	if you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed .
0	i say get a neutral friend to ask him .
0	or 'lol i would n't do her ' .
0	get help and get it fast !
0	if you wait for marrage you bring something special to the marriage bed .
0	they keep telling you that it 's wrong and dirty .
0	my hubby & i make love !
0	you obviously do n't , yet you 're still hanging in there .
0	he might feel threatened and feel as though he 'll lose u
0	well it sounds like you got a boyfriend that just thinks about himself
0	hi , i m ... ..start talking to her .
0	many shy guys have an easier time getting dates that ways .
0	start out slow and you 'll know when to speed things up .
0	yes you are a booty call .
0	all males dont cheat upon their girl friends .
0	if he wants nothing serious , then go where your heart tells you .
0	not to say other women dont .
0	u 'll find the right guy , there 's some1 for every1 .
0	but feel free to pick up the tab once in a while .
0	other wise , move on and find someone who really deserves you !
0	or they are desperate to get a guy .
0	if you were a guy id say.. are you crazy ?
0	dinner and a movie always works !
0	she has to be very relaxed ! ! !
0	i guess it all depends though ! !
0	so whats worse making two meals or losing your best friend
0	did you grow up near gay people ?
0	hi , this question was repeated earlier .
0	i think they should do something to these little fast ass girls .
0	i dont know y they do n't make me leave
0	if i want to fight i 'll get into poitics.. : d
0	an idea that is in your head .
0	and you look that good , man .
0	she sounds like my last girlfriend ( someone i nearly proposed to ) .
0	i 'm guessing your not the brightest bulb in the house ? ?
0	ok i have been seeing this girl for 2 months .
0	your time and attention ... now get offline and get to it
0	just admit it that you were just looking .
0	just make sure they never come between you !
0	it 's because you do n't have them .
0	... and that may sound harsh , but i mean it kindly .
0	what they have onthe outside could be very different from the inside
0	depends on her age and if she is a relative
0	if you are a guy , ask a chick .
0	no.but some men are really sex maniacs .
0	because you are not looking in the right spot
0	please oh please do n't listen to them .
0	you might have low self esteem
0	well yeah a lot of boys do .
0	dump his sorry ass and live well .
0	no , i like to kiss girl
0	u can never tell boys are really weird unless he makes it obvious
0	it 's definately alright with him , and he knows why .
0	absolutely no , would any guy find a farting lady sexy ?
0	huh , is plastic hot , are brainless bimbo 's hot ...
0	keep it up - you 're scoring huge points with her ...
0	it might scare her off , not wanting her life with you on here .
0	no it just mean there is something wrong
0	but i think that most wives cheat because of lonliness and lack of intimacy .
0	it depents if you have contiunous comunication ! ! !
0	do you want to hang out ?
0	maybe its your right ring finger .
0	only the nasty ones like you do
0	girl , i was just having the same conversation with a friend of mine .
0	but i would be tempted if u wear pink .
0	but 12 years later , im still wishin ' .
0	you wo n't have any pain after that .
0	but you might not be soft hearted like i am !
0	do whatever it takes , but get out of there .
0	and when you think your ready talk !
0	and if they are , those are the ones that do n't last .
0	try tickets to an event ( sporting , concert , etc . )
0	first you have to get him to admit he wants to quit .
0	i need answers from both sexes plz ; - )
0	life is always fuller when you have love .
0	well that may just not change .
0	break up , and run forest run !
0	2 me , not really , it just depends on wat u think
0	so you had a bad experience , big deal , so have i .
0	just a little friction just the right way , and hey we 're ready !
0	rob this girl from you frd
0	he loves you but heis best friends know whats up with him .
0	air supply , making love out of nothing at all
0	if not talking to him will help recovering process .
0	but remeber , the power is not in the breast but the nipple .
0	if he 's just friends then it 's fine .
0	first off , do the usual and ask their name ...
0	women change after sex , they get even more moody
0	everyone needs time on their own ...
0	montel had a great show about it .
0	a person should not rush to loose thier virginity .
0	if the retina moves to the right ... its an indication
0	we 've always liked eachother ever since we met , but in prior relationships !
0	initiate the foreplay ... .you deserve some o 's too !
0	ok not all girls are like that .
0	its what men tell to women to get them to the bed
0	u cant controll ur heart .
0	well do n't call him n bug him cuz he might say ur eazy !
0	basically speaking , we 'd do anything for the other person .
0	then girl make your bed rock as hard as u can ! !
0	its possible that you have nothing to do with this
0	tell her thats how guys are born .
0	then girl make your bed rock as hard as u can ! !
0	given on the family member , sorry .
0	its possible that you have nothing to do with this
0	tell her thats how guys are born .
0	a home boy have u ever heard of the song lovers n friends ?
0	he well tell you that he like 's you
0	it just looks like the guy has no self-confidence .
0	i am 13 and just wonderin
0	no honey , probably not on the long term .
0	grrrs are crazy about men , cause men r crazy about grrrs .
0	have you discussed it with him ?
0	it all depends on the person you have a crush on .
0	kissin another guy is really bad .
0	men are dogs well lots of them are not all are ! ! !
0	) look do n't do it god will be mad .
0	which was funny caus ehes a dick .
0	keep looking and do n't give up .
0	it 's not that it 's yummy , but it 's not so bad !
0	sure they will ! after all a hottie like u is gettin ' married
0	it is so not worth it !
0	give her some roses and chocolates and just kiss her on lips .
0	smell good look good and have a possitive attitude
0	no one is worth ruining a good relationship !
0	all he wants you for is sex
0	use your tongue , but dont over crowd the other persons mouth with it .
0	black and green = get him an xbox ( not 360 ) and netflix
0	because you have a higher sex drive then him you need sex more often .
0	it 's really one of the girls attractions ... ..
0	if that does n't work , get yourself a drug habit..lol
0	ps - while hes gone , wan na hang out ?
0	probably because he knows how men are .
0	i know that we 're friends and nothing more ever again .
0	if so , then see if she 's trustful .
0	and dont cover the other persons whole mouth with your lips .
0	usually guys who date alot have commitment issues .
0	take good care of you self becouse you have something realy especial .
0	and the best way to find out is to ask him out .
0	hey , i 'm looking for aliens too !
0	( sorry , that is the only word i could think of ) .
0	no one is mr. or ms. perfect .
0	it 's because people find joy when they 're having sex ?
0	guys these days just dont value respect the way they did way back when !
0	want a 10 point for this
0	if u luv him go 4 it as soon as u see him
0	well tell him things that actually matter .
0	you call him your guy friend ?
0	next time i would go with him .
0	do n't let anyone else tell you otherwise !
0	i knew before i ever even spoke with him .
0	she 'll just have to get over it .
0	its not bad if you like it and nobody actually gets hurt .
0	finally , remember that women cheat on men too !
0	when you are a young child you know the difference in love and hate .
0	but i kinda like this other guy in hawaiia .
0	like my mama always told me , mind ya own business .
0	because you have not met me yet
0	you probably just pick the wrong women .
0	only if he 's breathing really heavey .
0	because that 's the way love goes
0	only if he 's breathing really heavey .
0	because that 's the way love goes
0	plus , girls look at other guys too .
0	a new place will help a lot .
0	she grew out of it , i think .
0	in what year did they get married
0	if they think thier in love then thats how they feel.i do n't know !
0	you have to say wat age/grade you are .
0	by her charming smile which the man will never find the same
0	i rily like blue but why they are using them as that way
0	depending on the area you are in .
0	do n't return until you 've sold 12 pairs of shoes .
0	i not sure if were going to reconcile .
0	be careful though , she might want to just be friends .
0	you keep doing what you do .
0	i wan na come out of this .
0	is he hot if so heck ya if not no
0	best way , is to spend time with all three of you .
0	the 11th finger for a boy , and on your thumb for a girl .
0	so try to spend time realy talking with her .
0	with someone you love it can be very special .
0	he says he is in love with me .
0	thier very deep feelings that we ca n't control !
0	- having a girlfriend while hating people ?
0	but his girl ( my friend ) just broke up wit him .
0	we do not wnat to continually be hurt !
0	dont worry your boyfriend loves you just the way you are !
0	go get yourself some and find out .
0	good luck , you already godn'thave anything to loose .
0	want to hang out saturday night ? ?
0	stalk them back or confront them
0	all we need is some good dick and they can go on they way
0	and remeber there is the right person out the for u !
0	they have little other objective on earth .
0	ur guess is as good as mine
0	lololololol just tell her shes too fat to fuck
0	so he could be ugly but treat her like a queen .
0	there are so many things as to why people cheat .
0	we really love eachother though , what should i do ?
0	no , and you should not be .
0	b4 he gets to out of controll .
0	do you even wan na date exclusively ?
0	they badmouth others only to hide their own imperfections .
0	leave him , get on with it .
0	something u will learn when u grow up
0	because the way they were raise ... ... ... .
0	playing games is the worst thing to do when you really care about someone .
0	what do women really want from men ?
0	especially if the guy eats lots of fruits .
0	hey its always good to be on ur b/f buddies good side !
0	buddy women dont know what they want .
0	if you have to ask , you have n't .
0	when u getta girl u can show ur tru side .
0	but if he is sweet he gets sweet in return
0	old if you 're trustworthy , responsible , & mature ... 18 yrs .
0	if you really care about the girl then why the heck not ? ... .
0	i get drunk and stoned and forget abotu work .
0	pray and ask god what to do ?
0	if she 's really romantic wit you to then fine
0	chances are she already knows and just ca n't find the motivation .
0	if he love 's you he will not have sex 5 .
0	go out there and find yourself a fine lady .
0	then if shes that dumb u dont need her , even if shes hot !
0	it 's been very interesting and entertaining so far !
0	marriage can cost a lot of money ! ! ! ! !
0	i still regret it and wouldnt put myself in that postion again .
0	obviously , if my life was on mtv , id be f*ked too .
0	if she still does n't want to do anything ... get out now .
0	lol well from experience , asking gets you nowhere .
0	the dude is a control freak .
0	this place turns a lot of guys on ...
0	if the person rejects u just always remeber things happen for a reason .
0	ya i think some of my friends are jerks because they think the oppsite .
0	there are plenty of fish in the sea.. keep looking
0	buy him a slinky or play-doh .
0	kiss him on the tip of his manhood .
0	if he does n't return , then he was never yours .
0	you can tell if you really love that person open up your eyes .
0	talk to her with out them seeing you .
0	you cant say for certain he is cheating on you .
0	not if that 's the color you dye your hair !
0	get a girlfriend and move on ! ! !
0	you could well look like bill gates .
0	and yes , girls usually like it , they say !
0	lots of people like me at school .
0	maybe you could sit down with her and try to work things out .
0	i walked in on kim kissing another girl .
0	its like your asking why is life unfair ?
0	( ie , russians wear their wedding bands on their right ring finger )
0	if he takes his time you should be fine
0	the guys who act like jerks dont last long .
0	also if he cheers you up if your sad
0	one , and make it very pretty
0	if you feel it is a ploy then do n't bother .
0	just come out and ask them .
0	i 'm just hoping it 's not anywhere close to now .
0	good looking or not a woman looks for the heart !
0	stay with him then go on jerry springer .
0	thank u all who answer me ! ! !
0	anyway ... that stuff is usually good .
0	ok , that will be $ 8 please .
0	yes you will if you get connected to me
0	no one deserves some pinhead yelling at them .
0	for girls , and i am a girl , it was uncomfortable .
0	do n't let someone walk on you .
0	i wouldnt feel bad about it thought .
0	like dress nice or something just tell me
0	you 're too lazy to get out and meet ?
0	that just makes if worse for every one involved .
0	and have a couple buddies that married older woman
0	dont put your lifes in a situation you will regret !
0	what were you doing around a brothel ? ?
0	well , dating any races for that matter is not that important .
0	your ring finger on the left hand .
0	i hope that it helps u a lot .
0	if you ca n't or do n't want to report him then do n't .
0	why do guys lie about it ?
0	( trying to keep this clean here ) .
0	but i will tell you a little secret ...
0	when men have sex it 's just that sex .
0	because just like me , they long to be close to you
0	naturally , guys are more turned on by what they see .
0	love = opposite sex friendship - same sex ( switch if gay )
0	wow , what kind of women are you hanging out with ?
0	my friend caught him sleeping around last fall .
0	+ let him go , go out w/ someone in your own grade .
0	love makes us all do dumb thing trust me i know .
0	just find a girl that looks nice who you can be open with
0	it just seems like you are ready then .
0	if u do that- you 'll score big points w/ him !
0	stop looking for her ... she 'll find you
0	try telling her how you feel and bying her things
0	plus you love him and are with him now not the others .
0	like whut is they really about in life
0	right now you are probably feeling lust .
0	depends on what you call cheating ...
0	you will know when you find it .
0	i have no idea what a delmarva is ...
0	just tell him like it is .
0	so it is only 50 % fool proof .
0	and stay home for a little time to myself .
0	do you not like being gay ?
0	attention , alot of it is very important !
0	no grrr wants a guy with dandruffy , stink hair !
0	do n't worry , you 're not alone there ( hee hee ) .
0	spill it i jus did and it went great
0	it 's hard but hang on in there .
0	relaity , if it 's like men it varies .
0	if you want her to do more things in bed than let her know .
0	so no use putting an age limit etc .
0	the guy always thinks the gals loves him .
0	maybe it was only lust and not love to start with .
0	if she is not that close to you , a necklace would be better .
0	i 'm doing something wrong ... something dirty ..
0	find a girl who you love a lot .
0	ask him how its all going .
0	plz talke 2 me in arabick if u want thx
0	you might bleed a little your first time
0	a woman ... at least in my case ! !
0	once a cheat , always a cheat !
0	then wait for her reaction and carry on what she said
0	( ** ) < | dead fish ollec , the fish slayer
0	only he texts her just friends he says men lie
0	and i think , i do n't need to say why .
0	if you find one let me know where and if she has a sister .
0	do something really rude to the guy ( not to yourself )
0	too bad you do n't live in new england about 400 years ago ...
0	i just dont want my kids in a shelter .
0	hey my e-mail is pyro_97531 @ yahoo.com are u really gon na e-mail me
0	please , once you find out , tell my wife !
0	or are you a non-mormon trying to find others like yourself ?
0	relax ... oh , make sure the guy wears a condom .
0	play a game on yahoo games .
0	depends on how old you are !
0	but guys and girls can be friends without the sexual attraction .
0	i ca n't win no matter which way i turn .
0	us guys are dense sometimes ( well ok most of the time ) .
0	give him a pedicure or feed him something sexy get zane book
0	first , you kick him to the curb .
0	as often as you want , without going broke .
0	she said she hated me for awhile .
0	i got ta be the worse daughter .
0	ai n't nothng more then a man like then some good sex
0	there is no rule book when it comes to love !
0	love is right or wrong in life
0	go to your nearest military post/base !
0	same way u survive a cold , plenty of rest , and juice
0	maybe you should take some time to grow up .
0	it takes time to forget someone .
0	when you do not have to ask .
0	maybe he/she looks like a bird house ^_^
0	plz help he 20 years old
0	do n't use a pick up line on a woman .
0	i 'm gon na need more details to decide that .
0	if you do n't know either of them i say keep quiet .
0	stop and look at the situation ! !
0	sometimes she misses me like crazy ?
0	well it depends where you want the meat .
0	thats how im gon na break it to you .
0	girls love that kind of a guy .
0	but that is to be expected and is a good thing .
0	love implies respect , but if u cheat you respect neither her nor you .
0	be friendly keep ur mouth shut and be a strong and silent dude
0	if this person is a life long acquaintence then no doubt .
0	women are the deep dark devils of this world .
0	honey , not all women are like that .
0	he 's the word of your mouth
0	for guys it 's really important to look good .
0	yell at the dog , luv tha grrrs !
0	if you ask should i dump my boyfriend ?
0	but my x-b/f cheated on me !
0	cus people like to see others miserable when they are
0	he will never say that again .
0	take her to a clothes store and ask the assistant for the fatass section
0	tell her before he does some serious damage
0	do things yourself for you until he is ready .
0	my dad is always supportive no matter what .
0	we love corny stuff , so do n't worry that it 's too weird .
0	love is a very deep word so is hate .
0	how can a shy guy start making girlfriend
0	and willing to meet her half way !
0	horn dog ... my fantisy is two guys and me
0	i herad that green is the horny color !
0	elijah wood because he has amazing eye 's !
0	get a girlfriend and try with her .
0	you got to love to hate , and so on .
0	my sister did that a lot too .
0	even if you do n't believe in god you can still read it .
0	if u get slapped , she is not interested else urs ash .
0	and your girlfriend/boyfriend knows you 're that type then its not cheating ...
0	it is about interacting with the person u love
0	maybe she sobered up and realised you were ugly when she was n't drunk *wink*
0	... i am no longer my own but yours .
0	if you have to ask how do you know , youre not .
0	: ) actually , honesty is the best way .
0	thats some bull , she is getting waxed every night homeboy .
0	do n't ask for forgiveness , women do n't forgive .
0	you make your own decisions just dont worry about it
0	and you 'd get more agitated if they persisted .
0	then , you e-mail me so we can talk .
0	two outta three aint bad , little cuzin : - )
0	i have met 2 guys online and they both went down hill
0	he will look at you a lot .
0	it happens , once in a life time , twice if youre lucky .
0	only if you get his wife 's permission first .
0	if she ca n't skate , it 's even better .
0	heck , i do n't even think one can even spell <
0	so what if she does n't look like a runway model ?
0	maybe start walking with her daily .
0	people always like dreams than reality is it not ?
0	guy can also play with girl feelings if he is inteligent
0	i want a person that i can trust .
0	how bad does she want sex ?
0	oh and never make her pay the bill lol [ jk ]
0	when you always think that person
0	damn that could have bein me .
0	does he find ways to always touch you ?
0	if you are in love you know it , if not you know it .
0	i found true love and i hate being away from him .
0	as for the yahoo ad ... who cares ! ! ! ? ?
0	girl , you are like flour ... .i knead you .
0	if it does n't work out , you 're not out alot of dough .
0	once a cheater always a cheater
0	try to make it a fancy restaurant .
0	that is all that is out there are stupid guys .
0	but it doesnt have to be as great and pretty as ur dinner .
0	it 's like asking why do we hate .
0	because if a man treats me bad he can kiss well you know .
0	the best would be to move on ... it is n't always easy ...
0	if it does , i would like to know it myself !
0	i think that will be cool !
0	you got ta make a tough call .
0	what is it with guys and breasts ?
0	its better not to do it .
0	even saying somthing in the wrong tone .
0	or just send him a note on a holiday !
0	its like being in love with love .
0	you 're best and only girl friend should be your wife .
0	just jokingly , but that 's just me .
0	i think i 've seen it on t.v .
0	it 'll make you look like a devil worshipper or something !
0	and dont forget to keep eye contact !
0	and when u see him u will know .
0	just show him what u really fell be honest .
0	goodluck and remember it is a new year make it a good one !
0	i am currently waiting and im a guy .
0	do n't know never had ruff sex !
0	( work , play , education , whatever you do ) .
0	2-always be ready to try something new 3-spend more time together ... go on dates
0	i really do n't want surgery but i 'm at my wit 's end .
0	if you know the guy is being abusive .
0	having your fav icecream or candy avail is always sexy and tasty .
0	love is crazy ... and i love it !
0	a little more than a friend but with a whole lot less meaning .
0	( and you know what i mean ) .
0	never have only one girl spinning .
0	and it 's not like they are all that .
0	browse yahoo personals ... that 's where i met my husband .
0	because we did n't try being married
0	no because women do n't appriciate a man just taking care of her .
0	thats the different in life between men and women .
0	sweetie , you cant be in love with someone you do n't know .
0	stayed friends -thats all- for 6years .
0	by expressing ur 'communications ' with another 'miss ' : )
0	they must have someting going on !
0	maybe you have just bored him to death
0	when kissing breath hard and bit there lip gently
0	i dunno ... if classmates doesnt work then i dunno .
0	married and with a beutiful 2 year old .
0	this works pretty good to ( she wo n't think your player ) .
0	but it 's bad if you go too fast .
0	by now you know that chicks dig talking ... so , good luck !
0	( i 'm still the horny guy she married ) : - (
0	now once they conquared one , they move on to conquar another .
0	if he returns , then he 'll stay 4 ever .
0	even if other people feel it is wrong who cares about them ?
0	a bundle kisses with red rosees .
0	someone to insist , to come along with during my life .
0	what happens if you get caught ?
0	i have tried everything because im very sexual .
0	im more sexual then my husband .
0	ask yourself : does he look at you differently than your other guy friends ?
0	ur lucky that u r evn friends .
0	well its ur fault in the first place .
0	i would have to say yes ! !
0	love doesnt have an age minimum !
0	haha talk to your husband , do n't cheat .
0	for woman to do rather than men ! ..
0	i would take my wife out every other week .
0	( although that 's good , too ! )
0	i think that puts a woman in a position to receive a lot of criticism
0	man is jesse mccartney , and girl is britany spears ... ..
0	( as much as i would want my gal to be that special )
0	smart girls are fun to hang out with ... smart girls are sexy .
0	get dressed up and go to a nice place and see how he reacts .
0	do n't do things that you dislike just to impress a girl .
0	worse ... ..cause the courts would be full of couples gettin divorced ...
0	k..we get the fresh breath thing .
0	because he 's getting mad at me because i make more
0	you never really know whats going to happen unless you try ...
0	all you have to do is look !
0	that but i hope you good luck .
0	you could just smell his dick .
0	do n't forget , women go grey too !
0	not right then , but after a few days .
0	well , dont tell her to get over herself ! ! !
0	good for him , but are n't you going to be there ? ?
0	colors i would avoid - pinks , purples , pastels .
0	there got to be a lot of guys out there who woes her .
0	you might have to look for larger built women .
0	i dont really know but that sucks .
0	aww dang i knew i forgot to do something !
0	good luck ... ..i think women are smarter than that ... lol
0	some like it big , some like it small and some even like both .
0	umm maybe expensive drink for having good time
0	do the rings bearers walk before the flower girls ?
0	maybe when the children are old enough to be a ring bearer/flower girl
0	i hear some people play sport on weekends though .
0	i still love him but i dotn show it .
0	i told her she and he was full of it .
0	you should be enjoying it too !
0	not all men but some do .
0	i do n't think it stands for anything .
0	who told you that men do n't look for a relationship ?
0	if he loves you so much that wo n't matter .
0	some women are just that way .
0	depends if your a jerk to them quess .
0	( i , guessing thats what you had in mind ? )
0	so everything you listed , if you mean a glance as in lust .
0	do all of us a favor , though ... take this person down !
0	but never give a lady yellow roses-those are for your sick grandmother !
0	and how do i tell my viego ?
0	so anyways this guy tried kissing me .
0	is she willing to come to me ?
0	depending on who she is , she might like some other stuff ...
0	your self esteam can not be that low .
0	keep ur hair combed an look people in the eye .
0	though after a while she really needs to have a good personality .
0	if you are a teen ager go to a predominantly black high school .
0	no , unless you count what was in my thoughts .
0	a sad christmas.. like if you 're not with your loved ones .
0	rip the band-aid off , as they say .
0	and on the other hand a slim with over sized doesnt look impressive .
0	maybe he wants to cool things down a bit .
0	does he ever say i love you without you saying it first ?
0	do n't mess with things if he has a girlfriend .
0	but definitely call him and tell him immediately that this is bothering you !
0	maybe a holiday kiss would do ?
0	if i love her then i dont want anyone else really .
0	we 're not complicated ... were just beyond ur knowledge of understanding !
0	this man is all about himself !
0	you would n't want to be branded as a racist , right ?
0	if i love her then i dont want anyone else really .
0	we 're not complicated ... were just beyond ur knowledge of understanding !
0	this man is all about himself !
0	you would n't want to be branded as a racist , right ?
0	i know exactly what you mean about the black guys .
0	if you think he 's cheating he probably is .
0	but one thing to remember is that you get what you pay for !
0	you must be one hot guy .
0	now that song will be in my head all day ! !
0	im talking about that emotional bull crap .
0	as soon as he knocks someone up it 's over .
0	eat light drink a little smile and sleep then u 'll dream of this woman
0	if u really love her , u should stay strong .
0	if you are a mature person just ask him .
0	yeah , sorta what fallon chambers said .
0	haha , yea if they are pot heads : -d
0	if she doesnt know you then why dont you tell her who you are ?
0	do n't ever lose hope because they are just around .
0	i hope so : ) iam not that old iam only 21 .
0	she went off on me saying that i lied .
0	there 's lots of good women men just tend to over look them .
0	wife or child beating is repulsive and has to be dealt with .
0	he did n't really care for you and he finally found his way out..
0	im not talking about gifts here .
0	not if you keep looking under the couch
0	if a man is too big , it freakin hurts !
0	you have to walk into it like you have nothing to lose !
0	if they are mean , they might hate you forever .
0	just cuz they 're a guy does n't make them obsessed .
0	u have to roam out side u cant find any 1 sitting in ur home
0	and are they willing to change ...
0	trust me , i 've met a lot of girls off of the internet .
0	like when u want her to be u gf
0	only you can ever know what your dreams mean .
0	in case of guys , guys like big ( er ) breasts .
0	if true love existed why do so many soldiers cheat and get cheated on ?
0	u can buy perfume for him or u can ask him what he likes
0	if they like each other.no problem
0	make sure you are completely shaved ( no stubble ! )
0	do n't date dumb or evil women and you 're golden .
0	( you do want her married to a nice man , right ? )
0	it means she wants to go to a friggin movie !
0	ofcourse , you take care of how you look .
0	and actually , figured out that you really do love your man .
0	u can never rush or ever have 2 feel obligated 2 .
0	it 's ok to seperate the two .
0	i have no friends male or female cuz he do n't trust them .
0	in short it 's all about self confidence .
0	well short answer : i think i did obay my parents !
0	but lots are and if he was cheating then he 's not worth jack
0	that way you wont be alone in this .
0	yes most of the boys always have sex on thier minds .
0	that 's what i want in a man !
0	if you would then try asking him to dinner .
0	and on the other hand you know ur husband well .
0	well..you will have to ask alot of people.. and get alot of different answers ...
0	ok i 've struck out many times by doin ' this .
0	so look what i 'm doing now ? ?
0	i never talked about hers but she did a lot with mine .
0	sensitive guys have trouble approaching girls so fewer of them have girlfriends .
0	so what is there to be worried about ?
0	or maybe you need to take more baths ?
0	i love him but i know i desrve better .
0	some guys go through with it , some guys do n't .
0	honey , baby , sweetheart ... you are being played.. bad !
0	or i 'm kissing you , not him , so shut up already .
0	sometimes i go off just because i hear my wife getting into it .
0	and how you project that to girls .
0	classic red dresses with mango calla lillies as flowers .
0	but do n't overdo it , the brooding thing i mean .
0	it never hurts to just ask him to hang out
0	just depends on the dude actually
0	you just start hanging out , spending time together .
0	some ppl are worth sacrificing everything for ... others are n't .
0	its like he wants a no strings relationship .
0	where as on online u can say what ever u feel withou inhibitions .
0	aka : have fun with other men .
0	start exerising , ex 's hate to see the ones they dumped looking good .
0	i mean , you are not the town gossip for nothing .
0	your a man now and you want a woman to keep you warm .
0	tell someone so it does n't keep hapening ! !
0	you guys are bitchs , wat is so bad about her writing ?
0	16 for girls , 17 for boys .
0	white guys do n't even look at me anymore .
0	but everyone is different and it 's something yuo have to discuss with her .
0	rent her it 's cheaper on your soul !
0	u could call him up to c how hes doing
0	for a good name is foxy , that make a person feel sexy .
0	what is it with guys and breasts ?
0	good q , good ans so far .
0	he has to spend all his time caring for his child now .
0	dress nice but not sexy at first .
0	flirt with the cutest guy in the room
0	then if non of these are it sit down and talk to her .
0	you can buy condoms basically anywhere .
0	tell her friend and more then likly her friend will blab to her .
0	what exacly is it any way ?
0	because girls often do n't know what they want .
0	what exacly is it any way ?
0	because girls often do n't know what they want .
0	- when you get the courage to ask some girl .
0	now we do n't have much time .
0	cause they r the people with more money .
0	just rent a girly porn movie !
0	do n't believe his crap for a second .
0	sorry i could not help much
0	seemed to be interested , but how do i know ?
0	love is something that worths running all life after and die for ...
0	and he said bye and hung up .
0	i mean , was it an affair ( i.e .
0	what the hell is wrong with people ? ? ? ? ! !
0	take it from a chick ... i know these things
0	suicide yourself after askin ur wife hehe : )
0	in the end , is it really worth seeing things like i am ?
0	yeah guys are really strange are n't we ?
0	if you have to ask , then you are not ! !
0	lol , what would be wrong with that ?
0	3. does he truely love you for who you are ?
0	yeah guys are really strange are n't we ?
0	if you have to ask , then you are not ! !
0	lol , what would be wrong with that ?
0	3. does he truely love you for who you are ?
0	give yourself time to get over him and get on with your life .
0	i feel like i dont want to be with anyone else .
0	( and i say that meaning no offense . )
0	once a cheater , always a cheater .
0	well the moral issues should n't be a problem .
0	yes but its really whats on the inside that counts
0	try this have him be the house dad and you work .
0	i prefer blondy with a brunette redhead
0	thats the best thing you can do for him right now .
0	it 's just people , grrs & boyz .
0	and who knows , if you like it , try it ...
0	whta is the right words that i should say to this kind of man ?
0	but he has to make his own mistakes .
0	kids have a funny way of picking up on things that are going on .
0	men think that love = sex and some men are not comfortable with that .
0	i let a guy know and leave the rest up to him .
0	i think she 's using u for ur dick and likes women .
0	or is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
0	the website newfriends4u.com is a good start though
0	just be there for him and give him your support .
0	dont waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
0	get some gift for her which she really likes in her life ...
0	or is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
0	the website newfriends4u.com is a good start though
0	just be there for him and give him your support .
0	dont waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
0	get some gift for her which she really likes in her life ...
0	i 'm sure you 'll find someone more worth talking to anyway !
0	ask , what does the other person have that i do n't ?
0	you dont , they tell you they are
0	if u want u can mail me also
0	now im trying to become friends with the new kid what should i do ?
0	but.. thats just what guys do .
0	u will not be dating her .
0	go , hug him/her , and say ... .i love you darling .
0	i want him back but i dont know how to ask .
0	does he seemkind of controlling if he wants to do all this ? ?
0	if it ever happened again leave & dont look back .
0	could be a whole host of things !
0	you just know , it feels right .
0	we only have enough blood to work one head at a time
0	u should try touching her or hug her a little more ! ! !
0	i dont know , but i really dont like them .
0	i dont think so ... its really all the same
0	thats ok relationships fail and you get some experience for when you try again .
0	becaue u see ur self wise and never be mistake
0	yall need to sit down and really talk about it .
0	anywhere thats fits the mood ... want it..do it !
0	the woman and ex brother in-law were freinds growing up in school .
0	and remember to write it down this time !
0	my best friend is a girl .
0	anywhere thats fits the mood ... want it..do it !
0	the woman and ex brother in-law were freinds growing up in school .
0	and remember to write it down this time !
0	my best friend is a girl .
0	my wife is driving me crazy .
0	a guy wrot this it shoul make u think ... ..
0	just remember it takes two to play tango
0	not totaly committed ... meaning your having an affair ?
0	act supercool do not play hard to get .
0	there are ways around a cheating husband ; believe me i know !
0	i do n't know why women get with guys that treat them like crap .
0	tell him you like him and hope that he likes you too
0	my wife and i were married this month after meeting online .
0	try using pillows ( under her butt ) .
0	because they look prettier than girls when they try .
0	when the age difference makes the relationship illegal !
0	: p and im not even one of those overbaring and controling guys .
0	because mostly use yahoo for chat purpose .
0	then i do n't go back there again .
0	they ca n't get that if a man makes too little money .
0	do i diserve ur love ? ?
0	same difference ... ..do n't believe it , it 's bs .
0	forget him if he doesnt luv u .
0	it matters wat your lover thinks .
0	most likely she is n't in to you .
0	love is not lust but it sure does bring it on .
0	i would be happy to pray for you consistenly ! ! !
0	and last but sertanly not least has to love god !
0	having some control is good , but too much is bad !
0	if you are a guy the you are gross .
0	yes i think it is wrong .
0	i 've been in a situation like this before .
0	your girlfriend would be upset too if you had a girl pick you up !
0	because most hot girls are idiots and just do n't know it yet
0	my advice is to cool it and try to stay with one .
0	so u also doing like that to me .
0	personaly i would say though ... bald and proud !
0	sounds weird if u take it serious
0	now i have a very nice husband of 13 yrs ! ! ! ! !
0	so u also doing like that to me .
0	personaly i would say though ... bald and proud !
0	sounds weird if u take it serious
0	not someone else , even if ther worth it .
0	now i have a very nice husband of 13 yrs ! ! ! ! !
0	now i feel like were not friends any more .
0	girls want that challenge thats the same for a guy too .
0	then yes , we ai n't gon na get it .
0	now i feel like were not friends any more .
0	he said 6 i said an hour he said a month .
0	girls want that challenge thats the same for a guy too .
0	then yes , we ai n't gon na get it .
0	no you cant make anyone do anything that dont want to do
0	i was looking at a guy in my class .
0	if they come back to you it 's meant to be !
0	some guys do n't like people rushing them .
0	lots and lots and lots of hard work .
0	no u can not cuz its not stong enough s p r e m
0	( if you could , i would 've by now )
0	i 'm not happy , everything i try to achieve looks impossible ...
0	if he cheats once , he will surely cheat again .
0	does he talk bad about his ex ?
0	my boyfriend of 3 1/2 years cheated .
0	and i do n't mean hair and eyebrows .
0	a gurl should like you for being who you are .
0	so , thats why they cant profit from it .
0	doews he want to be w/ me or are these hints to back off ?
0	walk up to her and say hi , i 'm so and so .
0	you met him/her first , made friends with him/her .
0	oh , and do n't go crazy like anna nicole smith ; ) haha .
0	i soppose you care about her , don´t you .
0	i mean , i know youre supposed to ply them with boone 's farm .
0	why are u in the middle ?
0	oh , and do n't go crazy like anna nicole smith ; ) haha .
0	i soppose you care about her , don´t you .
0	i mean , i know youre supposed to ply them with boone 's farm .
0	why are u in the middle ?
0	i never got to tell him exactly how i felt .
0	not just for yourself but for the children too .
0	he does n't want me to go back .
0	and sometimes kids are want their parents to stay 2gether
0	you do n't know because you do n't see what 's wrong with you .
0	you can flirt with me anytime lol
0	you do n't know because you do n't see what 's wrong with you .
0	you can flirt with me anytime lol
0	till the time they feel to get rid of each other
0	i asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did .
0	movie tickets + popcorn and drinks for 2
0	the other person climaxes or stops too soon ?
0	i asked him if he liked it and fortunately he did .
0	if she says it 's cool , it 's cool .
0	he talks to me alot but i dont know what to think
0	men ... sex and only sex ... no room for anything else !
0	always be gentle , unless she likes it otherwise .
0	girls , like guys , want what they ca n't have .
0	find me with a foreign especially american girl friend .
0	and that is something that will never change no matter what .
0	i think that you should meet new guys .
0	last monday , she said me she was very sick .
0	that said , sexuality is not as ridgid as people think it is .
0	( even if only in their own eyes : )
0	liz gave you a very good answer
0	because the only two are gay .
0	well what do u want to do ?
0	: ) ask about his life , etc
0	2. then you counsult doctor for testube baby .
0	its so hard when you wear your heart on your sleeve .
0	even if this is your own mother !
0	good luck and i hope i helped ! !
0	and give him a friendly little peck on the lips .
0	at least 16 or possibley older ?
0	once again , i do not mean to offend anyone .
0	l need someone in my life
0	i think its because you can help others better than u can help yourselves .
0	u can love alot of ppl but u can only fall in love once
0	there no way to tell asking just that question .
0	does n't really matter what its the thought that counts
0	do n't try to guess her feelings .
0	of course , you got to do it right , you know .
0	keep in mind meaness is often from insecurity ...
0	to me i dont get it .
0	you can certainly forgive , but the hell if you can forget
0	now i am in 8th grade and he is a sophomore in hs .
0	i have heard dr drew on love line talk about this one a lot
0	and i like nice nerdy girls .
0	for one , props to what richard said up there .
0	has he ever lied to u , even about little things ?
0	plant a bug on his bedroom
0	so dont waste your time on a woman , move on to another .
0	hair is what makes a man sexy .
0	but if it really bothers you , just talk tohim
0	sorry is hardest word but gudbye is the very difficult
0	take just as much as u give
0	so i 'd just do whatever i want .
0	e-mail me iam married : ) jazmin_lucifer @ yahoo.com make sure that you ask someting
0	over 20 , shes was or is a professional wh***
0	or is he just fooling me ?
0	who doesnt long for physical anyway ... the key thing there is trust !
0	it really does n't have to be this deep , ya know !
0	over 20 , shes was or is a professional wh***
0	or is he just fooling me ?
0	who doesnt long for physical anyway ... the key thing there is trust !
0	it really does n't have to be this deep , ya know !
0	12 is way too young and when your 12 you might not see that .
0	( i 'm still in high skool ) ... ~ thanx ~
0	get out before you do something stupid .
0	my wife is 30 and i 'm 38 .
0	yes , although it depends he might get jelous
0	why dear u dont see mom dad love you
0	it 'll get old for her 2 .
0	now iam in situatation of do or die
0	kick his sorry you know what to the curb !
0	0 % it 's not cheating if its in a different zip code !
0	cuz not all of us are like that when we 're young .
0	mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 pm fantasy place to have sex ?
0	her intensions are not good if she is doing that .
0	or you could get him something that he enjoys , like some gourmet coffee ...
0	why is he a jerk , or why doesnt he like them ?
0	and if he really loved you , he would n't without good reason .
0	mbleditor - 2/27/2003 8:13:42 pm fantasy place to have sex ?
0	her intensions are not good if she is doing that .
0	or you could get him something that he enjoys , like some gourmet coffee ...
0	why is he a jerk , or why doesnt he like them ?
0	and if he really loved you , he would n't without good reason .
0	honestly we love eachother but we are not compartible health wise .
0	you may miss the paradise you let behind you !
0	try u2 cds , thats what i got : )
0	it mean u didnt finish what u planned on with him .
0	honestly we love eachother but we are not compartible health wise .
0	you may miss the paradise you let behind you !
0	try u2 cds , thats what i got : )
0	it mean u didnt finish what u planned on with him .
0	it seems like if he said dont go that you wouldnt have gone .
0	forget that girl and get a better one .
0	u miss him and still have a crush on him .
0	but above all , love is something that keeps life going .
0	try yahoo personal since you are a yahoo member already .
0	chance is , if you belive she is , then she probably is ?
0	she was 23 and you were 52 when you got married .
0	) .almost everybody knows- dat girl is bad .
0	she is stil the same girl .
0	i just think that men and women are equals .
0	just be the kindest parent to the kid
0	it may or may not help
0	13 was too young for me .
0	just come out and say it .
0	dont worry some is loving u then u love this girl .
0	do n't you remember your own date of marriage ? ?
0	my heart wants too but my head says not too .
0	dont think you can , im sorry
0	i think im cute..but i 'm not out of the closet ...
0	why would you have to call first ?
0	unless the guy does n't want you to .
0	not all love is meant to be
0	and it depends on how old you are .
0	i like take him to whatever lookz like fun in town .
0	let romance take its course ... it does still work !
0	it hurts ... because it 's our fault , guys i mean .
0	and it depends on how old you are .
0	i like take him to whatever lookz like fun in town .
0	let romance take its course ... it does still work !
0	it hurts ... because it 's our fault , guys i mean .
0	and you 'll know when youre ready !
0	there is n't one answer to this question .
0	so i just do n't do it .
0	and you 'll know when youre ready !
0	there is n't one answer to this question .
0	so i just do n't do it .
0	the rhythm isnt quite right for you ?
0	no , if it 's not a good date , no need to kiss .
0	ask him to marry you - see what happens !
0	once a cheat , always a cheat !
0	try to convince her that u are not going to cheat her daughter .
0	check it out with you doc
0	the side of your personality your boys will never see
0	surprises never seem to work out !
0	i like a girl touching me .
0	its actually good to do that .
0	men should be rugged , strong men .
0	if you really like her alot but first you might want to check her looks
0	because that have n't made up their minds yet .
0	they do n't sleep with every guy .
0	if you really like her alot but first you might want to check her looks
0	because that have n't made up their minds yet .
0	they do n't sleep with every guy .
0	just another random person with some usefull advice
0	he probably wants to buy you out with money .
0	well i can relate to that .
0	go all the way but do n't blow your load on one girl .
0	thanks for your advice to my vacation question ! ! !
0	most defenitely ur not asking for too much .
0	they should be up by 12/16/2005
0	if you are my student ... um ... call me ?
0	you blew it with this one .
0	it is just nations arguing ( ? )
0	or your mom asks at christmas dinner .
0	if ur a chick and dig chicks
0	try to tell her what the other things that concern you about marrying him .
0	oh , and if you can cook .
0	well this is a it depends matter .
0	havent been there but dude its been 3 months already ...
0	females from other black seem to love ... huh ? ?
0	should i talk to him , or see if he talks to me ?
0	i just have to ask this , cause i have to know !
0	this is a frequently asked question on y !
0	they will then tell you !
0	- plus have you thought about your health ? ? ?
0	i like this guy at work a lot .
0	then do n't f**k around with someone to whom you are not married ! !
0	if she 's not the right girl , that should be a big clue .
0	then back to giving her the attention again .
0	must you really ask this question anyway ? ? ?
0	sex is for the marriage bed only !
0	ears , women love ears , dont know why
0	just tell him as soon as possible .
0	dont degrade yourself hes with your friend do go back for left over left overs
0	ask questions ..dont discuss religion..sex..or politics .
0	sad but true being something your not is a hard thing to keep going .
0	its simple they all think u r sexy and hot .
0	heres a secrete that men have passed oin for generation to generation .
0	your kids come first no matter how old they are ... .support your kids !
0	let the guy chase the girl .
0	yes.and whenevr i feel like showing love , i kiss her
0	... or driving you crazy not wanting sex ?
0	people change grl frnds.. every week !
0	ha.. good question ... now i know what to tell my girlfriend i want .
0	if he ever had his hair short ( like when you first met him ?
0	what should i do ive tryed every thing !
0	dsease because i hate to see babies suffer .
0	do you mean the guys you have dated ?
0	think about yourself first and his feelings second .
0	honstely it all depends on the girl .
0	they could not wait until they became grown .
0	you already have it in your head to find each persons faults and downfalls .
0	the kind that gets other good things going ! ! ! ! ! !
0	like it is a one way street .
0	i l ask her whats this proposal about ? ?
0	because some sup or vid models like average guys because they keep it real .
0	cmon , u will find someone that want u as ur self !
0	definitely take her to small claims court .
0	ever try talking to one to see if you like them and vice versa .
0	jeez ... this guy could be a fake .
0	well the big question that i have is do you work as well ?
0	your wife and her feelings or a friend ?
0	people do n't know because they do n't see what you see .
0	i dun trust and i dun sleep ... no ways ! ! !
0	probably because no one is there to tell them not to .
0	what the heck is her problem ?
0	and honestly , why wouldnt a guy want a young beautiful woman ?
0	i meet a girl on phone , we become very good friends .
0	then i got a loaf of bread .
0	u might find out later you lost the perfect one .
0	nice guys dont like nice girls .
0	the same things that unattractive women like !
0	i 'm 51 so it is very hard.but got ta do it .
0	well it is not a turn off if you have children and it is .
0	if they are in love and there are no showstoppers then go for it .
0	meaning , you got her attention so go and propose !
0	take her an run to the bed..lol
0	spank the monkey if you have to but remember .
0	hit it and move on your tooooo young .
0	try asking her what she likes .
0	you just go ahead be proud ... she is a pro player ... merry christmas
0	do you two hold a friendship ?
0	dont waste time thinking of ur old one
0	then she saw that i didnt care , so she went for it .
0	i just admire the womans facial beauty and her good looks
0	how do i make it special ?
0	you ever gave them a chance ?
0	if you find that guy you 'll be happy and it will last .
0	make sure u r gon na be able to understand each other
0	might intimidate boys , but never men .
0	my ex-boyfriend 's sister and i used to be really close .
0	yea it does on my girl
0	then when they are on the dance floor they feel intimadated ... ...
0	let time tell you weather you do or not .
0	give them a little bit to disipher that feeling .
0	whatever happend to prayer in school ?
0	you have n't found the right one .
0	first off , your kids should be your priority .
0	what kinds of things are you into ? ?
0	the same way you always have !
0	i said i would quit my teaching job and go too .
0	it all depends on the guy .
0	mmm ... . nice question but u didnt tell about ur charactor .
0	i said i would quit my teaching job and go too .
0	it all depends on the guy .
0	mmm ... . nice question but u didnt tell about ur charactor .
0	hrm.. why not be friends with him and just be friends .
0	no , he doesnt love you beyond your body .
0	am i going to get hurt ?
0	u can start with a punch line .
0	there is a generation gap between the 2 of you .
0	why wont you ask her out ?
0	most important thing is dont give up ! ! !
0	but reality is , that it would be like dating your mother .
0	what if the guy turns out to be a total jerk ?
0	so , how do i do the start ?
0	once more into the breech my bro !
0	it 's like having your cake and eating it too .
0	... i 'm going with one 's answer ... .vote for one vote for one
0	it is not always true though .
0	well it depends on how much you love her .
0	shower a gurl with all your attention.. then after a while ignore her .
0	and sometimes i felt like i was having chest pains !
0	dont act crazy or stupid , just be yourself
0	remember , there are no ugly women , some just are barely pretty .
0	for the same reason men do n't like women have male freinds .
0	men alway want to be right , even when wrong .
0	do you mean how to get a boy to like you ?
0	bring a red rose and go somewere that she likes
0	and some taste better then others .
0	ask her out take the risk man
0	if you really love her that much , ask her to marry you .
0	i have plenty of men friends and we hang out .
0	id say go with your heart.. thats the best i can do ..
0	ask her out take the risk man
0	if you really love her that much , ask her to marry you .
0	i have plenty of men friends and we hang out .
0	( ** ) < | dead fish ollec , the fish slayer
0	id say go with your heart.. thats the best i can do ..
0	i dont think not emotionally ready covers it .
0	my b/f is jealous , it 's funny .
0	my gf and i we 're together for 5 and a half yrs .
0	he is obviously keeping things from you .
0	for once in my life i wish it will change !
0	you could type in his / her yahoo id and search for the person .
0	breath a little bit deeper once in a while .
0	as if they dont even have to accept it .
0	-- ok , so you are n't my student ... but same answer .
0	i used to feel the same earlier ...
0	it depends on how the date went
0	you wanted equality so very much , now you 've got it .
0	if you dont know all ready you dont need to ! ~ ! !
0	go out with friends and talk .
0	if you 're not together .. never !
0	cheap-check.com they can make a different types
0	cuz they h8 being wrong ... thats how my bf is ... lol
0	if she wanted you too it was wrong .
0	after thoes years , u be with ur lover by understanding each other
0	so as not to regret anything .
0	i do n't really think that 6 is that common .
0	not if you do n't want her to be pissed !
0	support your daughter in whatever she decides ... and does .
0	wan na go see if friday night ?
0	i guess it comes down to what you consider love ?
0	thats what most of yall men think about .
0	that would be suprising to me !
0	when hes hurt or something be there for him .
0	here smell , do you think it stinks ? ? ?
0	from the looks of your picture , it would n't be hard !
0	that would be suprising to me !
0	when hes hurt or something be there for him .
0	here smell , do you think it stinks ? ? ?
0	from the looks of your picture , it would n't be hard !
0	some guys really dont care though .
0	start seeing other women.that should work for good
0	all gurls are n't atleast not me contact me at holagurrl411 @ yahoo.com
0	or is that going to make things hurt more ?
0	yikes ... .he is quite the mature guy is n't he ? ?
0	make it a bit more universal like 'no fear ' or something like that
0	a great name for a punk band
0	be yourself with a little bit of spreading ( being the best in you )
0	just im me with the right answer
0	ask yourself this-do i really love him ?
0	where i cant find them : (
0	briefs ! , i like to have the package next me
0	we have 3 children , a 15 yr. old and twin 3 yr. olds .
0	well , i am not sure exactly what a surrendered wife is ...
0	people always love talking about themselves even if they act like they do n't .
0	yeah yeah go and tel her
0	they could at one time have been a sl*t but have cleaned thereselves up .
0	enjoy your self while it last !
0	do the best and as a simple man , bro !
0	if not dont worry if you do or dont have a guy .
0	your are the forth who ask this question : (
0	or am i just to paranoid ?
0	guys can never go wrong w/ a woman if they give her jewlery .
0	women , you ca n't have it both ways .
0	start with heavy petting , move to cunilingus .
0	thats the first step , i suppose .
0	i love a man in boxer briefs !
0	most women will never ask a guy out .
0	you can check the yellow pages ...
0	right after the date or on it
0	not in mid mi , clare area
0	( guys hate it when they feel that they are being nagged at ! )
0	why would u want 3 g/f 's ?
0	yes , go talk to your doctor .
0	also remember that the wife is always right !
0	it is like losing a love one .
0	anyway , e-mail back when u get a chance .
0	disclose everything u want ... ... lets make list out here
0	try to go to partys and stuff he might be at .
0	there are lots of women out there that will be interested in you .
0	go at it in a church
0	love is not sex - that is lust .
0	so remember not to rush it .
0	you 've said it , but do you mean it ?
0	11 with a card sayin that she/he completes the dozen !
0	is two dozen twice as nice or is it just overkill ?
0	did you get off to it ?
0	he said i could be a housewife .
0	if deep down he 's a nice guy , it wo n't work .
0	stop and ask her for directions or something and just start up a conversation
0	if ur family does like ur girlfriend and ur girlfriend does'nt like your family .
0	) , her fate is already sealed .
0	that is a bad sign bro
0	love all , as if you are loving god .
0	get a picture first and send her yours .
0	if that 's their answer , they probably do n't .
0	especially when most people suck at it !
0	what is a major reason for people straying ... boredom with their partner !
0	nobody does , unless they 're psychic or something
0	i never act embarrassed / ashamed to be with him .
0	i do n't want any drama , i just want my dress back .
0	even he agrees that i m a nice , good friend of his .
0	if that is so.. tell her that reaching climax will not affect that .
0	that 's how it goes , i guess .
0	free to do as i please
0	i love this girl very much but i have no idea how to start !
0	then he sits around alot playing palystation 2 .
0	and make sure she does n't read any beauty or celebrity magazines !
0	does it matter if he is what you call gay ?
0	you cant make someone love you .
0	but the ring on my finger is enough .
0	hey and i said oh , hi , c. what 's up ? ?
0	i understand that and i respect him enough to not do it .
0	who care what they look like it is all about there personality .
0	then again she may have intimacy issues , i guess u 'll never know .
0	could the ones you are trying to dance with be hoosiers , bu chance ?
0	offer little gifts seldomly and tell jokes to her .
0	if you do n't already know , ask your mother !
0	then that 'd be perverted or vice-versa !
0	depends if you really believe in love .
0	plus i found out she just does n't call people back very much anyway .
0	go to the member directory of all of the yahoo members
0	but we mostly forget that and let the bird runs away .
0	bc they love him and do know how to get out of the marriage ?
0	so.. practically married , just no paperwork .
0	eather through note or e-mail.not unless she likes it when u ask in person .
0	she was scared i wouldnt like it .
0	single mothers ca n't leave house ... . or are too lazy
0	most men are interested in younger women !
0	wht do u have 2 do ?
0	but remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice .
0	single mothers ca n't leave house ... . or are too lazy
0	most men are interested in younger women !
0	wht do u have 2 do ?
0	but remember to keep your eyes open and dress nice .
0	pretend like you do n't know she exists .
0	my boyfried and i have been togeth for 6 years
0	just about drove my husband crazy .
0	i would agree with wat nichole says .
0	they think about how good the women looks
0	just dont take it to far .
0	never change just for a guy .
0	then call her and ask her if you guys can talk .
0	women cheat as well , not just men .
0	if it wasnt , u 'd just be friends .
0	not one of these sites that dirct you to pay porno sites .
0	not sitting on their butts at home , for sure ...
0	lol i was just kidding about last choice .
0	some are okay with it , others are not .
0	no , there is little chivalry here .
0	i said what ever you have to say say it now .
0	although i think it 'd be kinda difficult !
0	( if you get this message please respond .
0	every woman has a taste ... no matter how clean they are .
0	i never cheated when i was married .
0	find out the things she likes , spend time w/ her .
0	talk to her about this beforehand .
0	( if you get this message please respond .
0	every woman has a taste ... no matter how clean they are .
0	i never cheated when i was married .
0	find out the things she likes , spend time w/ her .
0	talk to her about this beforehand .
0	e-mail him and say you have a surprise for him and them do something sexual
0	give me a call , ok babe ?
0	if you find that perfect man then let me know .
0	do n't let your enemy discourage you !
0	i would like to say , honesty , but that can back fire !
0	but now she looks sad everyday .
0	but thats only for outgoing people .
0	believe me , you deserve much-much better !
0	she has to want it heself .
0	you can flirt with me at cold_dark_storm @ yahoo.com
0	where did you get that , do you know ... , nice dress..
0	how long ago was the breakup and what were you so jealous of ?
0	just do n't let them get that close .
0	i always thought once people were engaged they were sure !
0	hey there , nice to know you love the girl .
0	love is a feeling but feelings are not love .
0	love to see full big ones , pretty sexy eyes , not butch looking
0	or maybe hes never thought of you in that way .
0	i live in ohio and i dont see much chivalry either .
0	if u have summ thing in common use it
0	what would she do if her son were to really die .
0	he however , always quits or gets fired from one job to the next .
0	im not even sure how he feels about me .
0	get out of the house once in a while !
0	they were the one to cheat , remember ?
0	had anyone in love with 2 sister at once ?
0	like saying all that suppose to change the way i feel about them .
0	well ... i love getting new jeans and/or underwear .
0	being married is becoming one ... ..you have to give and take
0	i think he just needed someone to feel sorry for him .
0	make sure that you are the one .
0	( i am blind in one eye ) ..
0	you get that felling in your stomach that when you know
0	if he is telling you he dosent like you , suggest some time apart .
0	he is not interested in your .
0	kempie ... ..what the hell is up with the train analogy ? ?
0	there is know h thinking about it u just feel it .
0	it would be even worse if i did n't know the guy .
0	that other guy did n't answer the question right .
0	... maybe he just has a sis who hogs the phone all the time .
0	oh yeah , helps that i 'm a hottie !
0	yeah you know you are , jus go with it !
0	yes and no , maybe she did n't get the message ?
0	im only 13 ... but still ... if he didnt ?
0	man , there is so much porn out there ... ... must you pay ?
0	if you ever gave this line to a girl please tell me why !
0	what fancys her , what baby girl likes .
0	man , there is so much porn out there ... ... must you pay ?
0	if you ever gave this line to a girl please tell me why !
0	show her , tell her , draw a diagram .
0	coz those who r the one who helped u to come all the way .
0	yes , it matters more than it does for a guy .
0	- and 'accidentally ' bump into her .
0	say im sorry bla bla bla bla bla do u forgive me ?
0	if your not having sex it because she choose this not you .
0	sometimes you got ta play the game to stay ahead .
0	i dont get it ... youre supossed to be wrong , you know ? ..
0	i keep thinking she 'll be back .
0	and forget him , & enjoy your love .
0	try yahoo email search , for one .
0	people like and want what they ca n't have .
0	i buy my wife flowers every couple of weeks .
0	ignoring it does n't mean that they hate you .
0	i kissed my date on the first date .
0	i also have an infatuation for an elder girl .
0	if you have to ask , maybe it is not love
0	there really is some nice , single guys left out here !
0	do n't ask a girl out in a message .
0	and no- i 'm not talking about sex , either .
0	well , you could try asking your wife .
0	think of things you know he likes to do .
0	why wo n't she ask me out ?
0	disease ... because innocent people get that too .
0	ah leave em alone ... people learn by getting bit ... .hondo lane .
0	and what if it does n't work out ?
0	i do n't mean with war either .
0	if you are a chick then that is awesome to do .
0	what if you like this person .
0	ah leave em alone ... people learn by getting bit ... .hondo lane .
0	and what if it does n't work out ?
0	i do n't mean with war either .
0	if you are a chick then that is awesome to do .
0	what if you like this person .
0	that would be so uncool , right ?
0	i only have 5 and women never complain .
0	i 'm 27 yr old , 6ft , not white
0	that would be so uncool , right ?
0	i only have 5 and women never complain .
0	i 'm 27 yr old , 6ft , not white
0	id give em a 100 if i could !
0	smile and say great , fool proof .
0	move to a new fucking city .
0	i do n't want a divorce or to live without/away from my husband .
0	love is what makes sex great !
0	i dont want to get hurt either .
0	i no there are good people out there just be careful
0	mmm well when you get older you will find out : )
0	what you need to do is learn to trust your man .
0	i still like having the door opened for me and i love my feminity .
0	i hope you get caught on asking that question ...
0	im sure he would love to help !
0	7 years are enaugh , to understand alot of things in life .
0	i hope you get caught on asking that question ...
0	im sure he would love to help !
0	7 years are enaugh , to understand alot of things in life .
0	i just think this is fun to hear about .
0	why not try to seduce him ?
0	sounds like you should not be engaged .
0	like they say , if you love someone , set them free .
0	lets just say i wont ever forget it
0	hopefully she misses you as much as you miss her !
0	girl , i have been there done that .
0	more of the same stuff you probably already talked about during the date .
0	good luck and keep your chin up !
0	they even want to marry me .
0	if you 're not in love with her , then do n't stay .
0	sound like a little single time is what your in need of .
0	if you dont know.you havent had one and don tneed to worry about it .
0	just enjoy and go with the flow !
0	some men like to spoil their gals .
0	i do n't think it is 'wrong ' at all .
0	picking up girls is not all that different . )
0	she 's driving you crazy wanting sex ?
0	just because you hang out with a person does n't mean your dating .
0	if u think ur family happiness is urs .
0	she 's driving you crazy wanting sex ?
0	just because you hang out with a person does n't mean your dating .
0	just sit back and keep doing what you are you doing .
0	also can you deal with the way he spends money ?
0	remember its for better or worse !
0	i dont really know but i have the same problem
0	no , she 's your wife , and she should know that !
0	also can you deal with the way he spends money ?
0	remember its for better or worse !
0	i dont really know but i have the same problem
0	no , she 's your wife , and she should know that !
0	idk wat is ur name sweetheart ?
0	some guys do not like this .
0	try telling her hey girl you look damn slim aa
0	listen to ur mind followed by ur heart
0	god created man ` s head unlike womans- seldom it match- and iff ?
0	but only if u can handle whatever answer you get .
0	or go on a date w/ ur husband or go 2 a concert .
0	what is it that they 're lying about ?
0	maybe she just isnt into you like you are into her ... sorry
0	by the way why did he leave you ?
0	when u could decribe the love so you do n't know it .
0	that is kinda weird also he was being very weird around me those few days
0	get a penpal thats a girl thats your age !
0	if your still in love why would you move on ?
0	no to going to other girls .
0	( found out the hard way ... broken heart 4 12 years .
0	there is no us law that says they ca n't .
0	becuase you also have the chance of not gettig hurt and being happy
0	just watch their actions and listen to what and how they say things !
0	dont let anyone tell you different .
0	13 herb bath ) and get on with your life .
0	hehe maybe u must get warm him first : p
0	they just do n't want to admit they were dumb enough to get caught .
0	i hope this helps and best of luck to you in the future !
0	*in philly , i like the restaurant morimotos .
0	it 's so easy to marry the wrong person .
0	i too got married early but we did n't have kids .
0	do n't let yourself be hurt any more ! ! !
0	if he goes to a party , ask if u can go with him
0	no , thats true , i 've had that too .
0	you cant make anybody love you .
0	try a little trick i heard on the radio .
0	1st , you hafta be open with him .
0	this keeps happening to all of us ( guys ) all the time .
0	guys do n't pick up on hints as fast as women do .
0	well i like when girls have eye contact with me .
0	if so is it better to have multiply orgasms or one big orgasm ?
0	what did you like about it there ?
0	if demi can why ca n't we ... lol go for it !
0	if its there you will know but hold out on her a little
0	but that just my plug nickel 's worth .
0	be yourself because will like u being urself .
0	in general , if guys want sex , women want romance .
0	personally i dont like a girl to have kids .
0	she & i wound up dating & then we got married .
0	tell her exactly what you said in your question .
0	i am not a person for that like that u tell to ur boyfriend
0	if you want to talk let me know !
0	by the way.. he is very very very stubborn !
0	the one i know is loyal and i can count on .
0	this guy is just bringing home the drama y even bother ?
0	2. do the two of you have experience in solving disagreements well ?
0	how do you get your dog to roll over ?
0	why ca n't you ask her out ?
0	but you have to regardless of how hard it may seem .
0	how do you get your dog to roll over ?
0	why ca n't you ask her out ?
0	but you have to regardless of how hard it may seem .
0	maybe she got ate up by zombies
0	if you can wait then do..
0	ask her to get up and clean the house
0	the second rule - saying anything is better than saying nothing .
0	and i would say for you to do the same .
0	they act like your killing them
0	if you wo n't ask him why , then your wasting your time !
0	well , i am really out of it .
0	kiss them ever so softly look deeply into there eyes and smile .
0	but i think that i love you and i thought that you should know it..
0	touch her face softly with the back of your hand
0	be your self and talk to her , then ask her out ,
0	girls love a guy with confidence .
0	so if she is looking around the room instead of you .
0	i then think you are a rainbow warrior .
0	i want to see aishwraya rai 's toes
0	ask your mate..its only cheating if it would upset them .
0	i 'll give you a tip though .
0	then he with to ntice you and ! boom !
0	tell him to sit at home and you get a job ! !
0	i want to be happy in my life and not miserable every day .
0	they like it when you treat them like crap .
0	thats how it worked for me and my wife .
0	take a shower then talk to her !
0	best of luck to you ...
0	go up to him when you get back to school .
0	thats how it worked for me and my wife .
0	take a shower then talk to her !
0	best of luck to you ...
0	go up to him when you get back to school .
0	flask item # wak3060p knife # zbk1752p
0	one reason ( for me anyway ) it really turns guys on .
0	cause it 's one way of being honest to him no matter what .
0	and , i 'm just getting started here ... ... ... ..
0	hope u got a good lawyer ... lol
0	might be he is feeling lonely .
0	or a gay women thinking a man is hot ?
0	you left this question kinda late , did n't you ?
0	if you feel you need a wedding ... do it .
0	why you got ta be all up in my grille about my attitude ?
0	tell her that ur father in law will watch over her
0	depends who starts it ... if u did , an apoligy is nice , ..
0	i prefer blonde , and i do n't know why !
0	hi , i go to an academy and there 's a woman i like .
0	why arent u comfrotable with talking about sex ?
0	just walk up and tell him
0	if he is not that type of man .
0	tell ur mother in law that she is safer at her own house .
0	yes , but on the boobs/tits only ooooooooook ! ! !
0	a girl who is kind and honest and wants to make me happy .
0	why do girls dress like tom-boys ?
0	nope..as long as your full time job is n't looking 4 1 .
0	10 years ago , mine cost me $ 5,000 .
0	i do n't think that u should kiss at all .
0	tell this friend that he needs to get a backbone and ask her .
0	do n't linger , get in and get out .
0	honest men love women : those decieve them adore them
0	lol what the hell.. were you drunk on your wedding day ? ?
0	if she still isnt doing it right ... well , your call .
0	they , actually were jealous of my mother and i .
0	i actually went through this recently myself ... wow !
0	please do n't think all men are the same- we are n't .
0	then u 'll understnd the value of life .
0	if your wife wants more sex have her call me.ha !
0	yes mosdef you can get pg .
0	thats the kinda thing that guys do .
0	give him his freedom for christmas !
0	she 'll probably be flattered that you only want her !
0	move on its over post a pic and maybe we can talk
0	( i 'm totatlly going to get kick out again )
0	i 'm sure it has nothing to do with you .
0	ive kissed many women in my life jest go 4 it balive in yourself
0	how about 5 , 10 , 20 , 30 ?
0	or go to a foreign contry !
0	the cats will get fed ... do n't worry .
0	sorry that i ca n't help more .
0	well how old r u bc i might know some that does
0	he just wants you to be happy .
0	he s in my class n a good friend of mine .
0	then he lost his job right before we moved here !
0	im only a freshman and im in love .
0	and at the end of the school he gave me a hug ! ! !
0	look directly into his eyes & ask him if he is faithful to u .
0	did he think about you when he cheated ?
0	depend if you have a hot body
0	or take her out to spend time with her at her favorite resturant .
0	im coming at you from the cheaters side .
0	there..s no match.. r u planning to hang out with the same girl..
0	it is not as easy as it sounds i know that but it works .
0	you will know when the time is right
0	i think it is okay but just dont over do it ! ! !
0	if you do n't then someone has issues that need to work on .
0	it goes back to do as i say , not as i do .
0	i do n't really think about it .
0	what ever happened to spare the rod spoil the child and spankings in school ?
0	am i happy when i 'm with him ?
0	talk in a cool enviornment , afterall he is your father .
0	he said same thing like her .
0	no i never send christmas cards out
0	you should be pleasing her and she pleasing you .
0	are you able to let some things go ?
0	got ta agree with applejooce , just tell him
0	eeek ... marriage your thinking about this too much .
0	anything that will make me laugh all night long ...
0	old when i had my first kiss first real boyfriend .
0	i dont celebrate x mas myself ... 3 months dude xmas is over ... lol
0	lick her body starting with her hair till her toes
0	try burning a cd with his fav .
0	will you ever get drunk with tthem again ?
0	i was just wondering , am i in love ?
0	lots of gurls are this way .
0	cant put my finger on it but going to see her really scares me .
0	can he look into your eyes ?
0	i was just wondering , am i in love ?
0	lots of gurls are this way .
0	cant put my finger on it but going to see her really scares me .
0	can he look into your eyes ?
0	no , it just doesnt happen as often .
0	saometimes the hardest part is totally letting go !
0	you have to open for him the way to not be a shy
0	and both of them ok with it ?
0	and besides , i just popped a mint .
0	i can go on and on with reasons !
0	like i said , though , it 's a hard question to answer .
0	tell your wife before she does .
0	tell her youll leave her alone if she wishs .
0	i think that a guy should love his wife if his wife aggrees .
0	that it may or may not help them .
0	do n't hesitate just tell me i wo n't tell anyone !
0	a girl , i see , but i do n't know , named moonlight !
0	email me back with more info.mandie_mo_of_co
0	there is nothing more attractive than a girl who 's having fun !
0	no sir not wrong at all .
0	should i wait or should i go ( as wham sez ) ?
0	many women always say they want a real man ?
0	ask more girls til one calls you back ; )
0	and should i get her a gift ? ? ? ? ?
0	do yall not like him for right serious reasons ?
0	people that fit have better sex .
0	its happened to me like 3 times
0	i belive that u can only fall in love once .
0	you stuck the knife in your own back ... ouch
0	no , you 're not weird , unless you think you are ! !
0	do you know the way out
0	do the one thing that many never do .
0	i 'm wondering how old you are .
0	wwii singer from the jersey isle in britian ...
0	dont jump to the assumption that u will definitely get hurt .
0	how would he feel if you were friends with ur ex .
0	because a lot of men are looking for trophy wives .
0	if you sucess then congratulate you !
0	sex is very important for men also money
0	look for guys that are serious about thier studies .
0	both should be able to have friends .
0	as i am not married i dont know .
0	do n't answer just smirk and continue .
0	and if it is -- still no excuse to cheat on your wife .
0	sit down and think of it and speak up .
0	is it wrong for a woman to date her ex-husbands brother .
0	no stings muah have fun and just do it
0	how about a man that will take care of themselves !
0	ill tell you what worked for me .
0	the kids get hurt the worst .
0	( frankly , i do n't like roses all that much ! )
0	nothing , you broke up with him in the first place did n't you ?
0	if you want to ... without question - yes !
0	first off , you should get to know her , become her friend first .
0	magic 8 ball says : ask again later
0	for the upper answer ... a player @ 42 years ?
0	why do women feel as though men want to controll them back at you
0	she still wants a relationship with the guy , that 's pretty obvious .
0	you should ask youself some questions before beginning a life with someone .
0	cause your partner trust you that you are not deceiving him
0	if i do n't marry her she 'll leave me .
0	some just like it that way ! !
0	gift cards are the best way to go with anyone these days .
0	who 's to say , just go with whats comfortable for you
0	a good woman woudnt do that .
0	if i ask him out then i 'll pay .
0	all your actions have consequences no matter when or how long it has been ...
0	how do you love him if you barely ever talk ?
0	hi sweety , well not all women do but i guess most do .
0	is it really worth it to cheat on your wife .
0	think about this your are saving the best for last !
0	i did once just for fun .
0	just b/c you asked doesnt mean you do or dont .
0	if u love him , can talk to him about anything .
0	does n't the other grrr deserve a chance ?
0	yeah because parents like 2 screw ppl up
0	and if he says no , then that 's just that .
0	but too difficult to wait till marriage !
0	h e l l o : )
0	that 's quite impressive - 90 a day and that 's just one service !
0	but i assure you ... ... never stop looking .
0	my condolences go out to you !
0	when you move , keep your phone number unlisted and get a p.o .
0	how do you ask a boy out ?
0	if they belong to you , they will come back .
0	because if a girl chases a guy , he feels cornered .
0	well it depends on the guy how old is he how old you are .
0	words do n't mean much ... actions speak louder .
0	you do n't trust him again cheating is disgusting .
0	but , i asked , and she explained .
0	who knows maybe u two might go all the way ! !
0	give her all she wants and more ... ...
0	yes it 's bad ... you should be desiring each other all the time .
0	you wo n't know until you try
0	flowers or choclates and you can always get her some earrings man
0	wow ... thanks for the kind compliments you fine bunch of wonderful ladies !
0	if your a 30 yr old dude leave the kids alone !
0	flirting can lead to a lot of things just dont let it do that ...
0	if so then you are in love .
0	actually the average size is 5 , so it really depends on the genes .
0	you have nothing else to loose .
0	i know a girl like that , and i try to stay away from her
0	mtv also has an influence on girls too but hey thats their problem
0	then he will ask you y u r doing like this .
0	some things are just not meant to be .
0	look up their phone number in the phone book ?
0	whether that is worth trying , or even possible , is up to you .
0	u will never know if he likes u unless u ask .
0	dude ... it as easy as reading your letter ...
0	give a smile , or do something which makes her laugh at u .
0	i 'm sure another girl would appreciate u better !
0	something clicked like magic , and it was like i was in heaven !
0	is love truly in the air ? ?
0	dump the cheater & move on with that information
0	ok the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
0	heh i believe it is ... wo man ! !
0	i would kick both of their a** .
0	is love truly in the air ? ?
0	dump the cheater & move on with that information
0	ok the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
0	heh i believe it is ... wo man ! !
0	i would kick both of their a** .
0	think of your kids first..they dont need abuse in their home .
0	acutally i like cats answer , it 's prrrrrrrfect : )
0	think of your kids first..they dont need abuse in their home .
0	acutally i like cats answer , it 's prrrrrrrfect : )
0	about everyone some do n't even know
0	move on homey ... .plenty of fish in the sea ! !
0	noone forgets the date of the wedding !
0	no i always hate my sex life !
0	blondes ... ... ... coz they are beautiful and stupid
0	if you cheat , get caught , and get a divorce ?
0	go to the website and look up cesium chloride and oxygen drops .
0	believe this if he cheated and if you take him back he 'll cheat again
0	try oriental restaurants or karaoke bars
0	if i wanted a femme guy i would just date a lesbian .
0	if you like him then go for it
0	he has somthing to ask you .
0	type that into yahoo and read the articles .
0	dont break it off just yet , let her dump you .
0	oh and yoda say use the force .
0	and how do we snap out of it ?
0	her name is fur immer liebe samsonellen .
0	how could u forget look on the license
0	get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar .
0	see if he finally gets the message .
0	get her to eventually ask him back to her place or something similar .
0	see if he finally gets the message .
0	now things are really messed up .
0	and add a good pick up artist online resource .
0	how much dating did you do ?
0	and let 's talk some more o.k .
0	that even goes for a 18-year old dating an 17-year old .
0	is n't that wrong of her , or what ?
0	make sure u really want it .
0	sit back and peep her out .
0	just get it over with.and try to be sincere .
0	not really its usually the other person has something you do n't have
0	because there is no such thing
0	or put an azo pill in her soda to make her pee orange .
0	welcome to the 21st century , dave !
0	and the second and third from what i recall ... ..
0	do you love him for who he is ?
0	goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
0	worth looking for if hard to find .
0	are you dating younger men just to play around and they get too serious ?
0	but it 's not that big a deal , when you think about it .
0	no more than 12 no less than 5
0	goto switchboard.com and put in the there address
0	worth looking for if hard to find .
0	if you can get over that then your str8 .
0	let me know if it works .
0	u tell him , so you are really serious , huh ?
0	just because you want to get back together with him .
0	if you can get over that then your str8 .
0	let me know if it works .
0	u tell him , so you are really serious , huh ?
0	just because you want to get back together with him .
0	depending upon.. who is and how the date went..
0	yes , i think its really bad ! !
0	they 're everywhere , you just have to identify which is which .
0	well if your family is anything like mine .
0	what can i do for her ?
0	go with the flow cause maybe he is just scared to be in love .
0	i guess u just have to date until u find the right one .
0	do n't mess up a good friendship .
0	this will be an investment for u for future
0	yall just think aboout the ups and downs with it .
0	this will be an investment for u for future
0	yall just think aboout the ups and downs with it .
0	he is controling wants to make you think you owe him
0	live*laugh*love its as simple as that
0	its not the best situation to be in
0	if you like the person why not ?
0	ask yourself , is she worth waiting for , are you willing to wait ?
0	start checking out other guys , let him know how it feels .
0	because people get married with divorce in the back of their minds already .
0	first of all , do n't let him know you are thinking about leaving .
0	if have not already found out , make sure shes single .
0	but women see it different than us men .
0	just go up to him and asked him out .
0	britney spears ass or carmen electra 's mouth !
0	if i 'd had the choice i would say yes , without thinking twice ...
0	now if she is just being polite and not interested in you .
0	i do know one guy who met his wife that way !
0	i 've cheated , and been cheated on .
0	just look at it like this ... men expel and women retain !
0	u kno they could be sex addicts .
0	im impressed by a man who does n't try to impress me .
0	frankly , its not that big a deal .
0	if hate is amiss , it 's like a funny smell in an elevator .
0	i said how many do you drink .
0	for me it is a felling u can never put in words
0	you will definitely know if it happens ... its too intense not to notice .
0	if he looks at other girls when you are not around then , o.k .
0	( unless u do n't mind other guys banging your girl )
0	it depends on if he really really likes u or not
0	either u have a good figure or u r extremely beautiful .
0	i like a cool chick with a hot ass .
0	i think you are more lonely than in love .
0	what if he gave you something .
0	i 'll take the brunette please thanks
0	go to usa if you like an american girlfriend ...
0	if you have to ask , then i would say no .
0	cus they are bored and do n't have anything better to do ...
0	and if he stalks , call the police .
0	many , many girls ( and guys ) prefer a uncut guy .
0	but you must enter his full name .
0	why do you want to see her toes ? ?
0	i think you should be bold anough and ask him
0	i have never heard this before .
0	and legally you ca n't do anything about that .
0	cuz everybody got a freak side to them .
0	no cry-baby whining stuck-up prissy high-maintenance jealous back stabbing hoochie like most women are .
0	the limits are but u can not hold it till death i think : p
0	quit nagging him and get him a beer .
0	she needs some attention from you sweetie !
0	best of luck finding the right answer ! !
0	because they are insecure dweebs and ca n't handle a real woman .
0	jest look to her eye : )
0	best of luck finding the right answer ! !
0	because they are insecure dweebs and ca n't handle a real woman .
0	jest look to her eye : )
0	its in the people search section .
0	to an extent ... yes it does .
0	she refused you once ... meaning you two werent really together ?
0	i tell u this from experience !
0	if u trust him , have met his family and i just pray .
0	when u missed him/her when she /he is gone
0	nice guys sometimes are too attainable .
0	cheat while she is buzy cheating u
0	he 's looking to cheat on you .
0	i do n't think it is wrong .
0	i did n't realize how sick i am .
0	show her you are a nice caring guy .
0	like french kissing and makeing out .
0	small claims court ... if you got proof that they have it ?
0	the answer is : no , there is not a chance with him .
0	and have kept a freindship since her divorce .
0	did you try to turn around ?
0	let your friend do as they please .
0	plus it always kinda hurts when a break up doesnt affect the other party .
0	i have n't heard anything about them.why do n't you ask them ?
0	what if she is really mean/crazy ?
0	arcade , go cart riding , bowling , play pool
0	any where i perfer some where nice
0	because you 'll always come back to him .
0	or you could just talk to him !
0	and if she likes you to she will understand .
0	it might be that your wife only had cybersex but that is still sex .
0	i need one for a guy that i like alot .
0	the whole saying about ... guys mature a few yrs .
0	so flirt one of 'em and you will be in love .
0	a gravitation force which pulls u
0	girls never go for sensitive guys .
0	if u still have problems file an complaint and reverse it to them !
0	i certainly would n't do that to just anyone .
0	my husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th christmas ! !
0	if u still have problems file an complaint and reverse it to them !
0	i certainly would n't do that to just anyone .
0	my husband got me a leather jacket for our 5th christmas ! !
0	have an affair with married man .
0	why you are looking for free do u have some money problem ?
0	i jst wont waste my time .
0	why you are looking for free do u have some money problem ?
0	i jst wont waste my time .
0	you could just hang back and see how she handles it ...
0	he is most definitely a lowlife who sucks !
0	does the cock size really matter ?
0	actually i know more women than men that way .
0	most of the guys that like big girls a really skinny .
0	ignore the ones who said alcahol .
0	if you know he frequents a certain club or resturant , just stay away .
0	i like answering these kind of questions !
0	just as some women do , and some do n't .
0	not downing anybody , just trying to constructivly think here .
0	in a woman : long hair , nice legs & butt , small breasts .
0	but like i said the best advice is time .
0	he will not care about it .
0	you have my confidence good luck bro .
0	my question how do i go about this ?
0	i am a girl and i am not .
0	guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next .
0	you have my confidence good luck bro .
0	and kinda watch over the whole situation ...
0	my question how do i go about this ?
0	i am a girl and i am not .
0	guys are guys and the jump from one topic to the next .
0	i just had sexual relations over the internet with some other random guy .
0	and flowers ... there must always be flowers : )
0	one guy was really creepy and scared me .
0	or use yahoo personals i am looking for a part time lover too .
0	but that they do not want to have children with you or marry you .
0	plus its just having fun with one another and pleasuring one another .
0	well , first off ask him if he is .
0	you just know if you like someone .
0	redheads with a fine sexy body .
0	i really like this girl but im too shy to tell her .
0	just remember a life long commiment is just that , life long .
0	i really like this girl but im too shy to tell her .
0	just remember a life long commiment is just that , life long .
0	head it off at the pass ?
0	hey dude ... wake up and smell the coffee .
0	go out with friends not necessarily males but females
0	maybe point out to him if you see someone kissing .
0	family in general division - ew no !
0	just go whatever the best that you 've had think !
0	and he did n't try to have sex !
0	i would say good just keep looking
0	how can i get her to love me ?
0	just do n't go overboard with it .
0	if he likes women older than him , he probably likes a mature woman .
0	do n't forget to use your ears .
0	no matter how cool and charming they are .
0	i first started dating at 14 !
0	in fact my girlfriend does it sometimes ! ! !
0	friends friemds or she may be someone u allready know
0	when did i stop doing that ?
0	men are hunters , women are nesters .
0	you know i get the same crap from my friends and family .
0	when you find out , you let me know
0	tell them that you like them .
0	that do u gurls look for in a guys personality attributes ?
0	it wont work out ... if he cheated on ya once , he will again
0	its because she doesnt think anybody would like her in the flesh .
0	sorry but your are still a child !
0	did he spend time with u at least on that day ?
0	for the same reason men do !
0	think about the world of problems that alone opens up .
0	hey , i have a crush on you .
0	good luck ... hope he kicks your face loose !
0	my big brown eyes and my boobs ... yes they 're real !
0	i want her back ... . and that feeling is not going away .
0	if he invites you to do something with him and/or his friends .
0	is she in love with you soldier boy ?
0	i saw it with my own eyes .
0	most people these days look at physical stuff .
0	women can be equally as guilty as men .
0	that way she can get what ever she wants .
0	look for signs that she likes you .
0	once they are mature enough though..
0	then smile , peck him and give him a big hug !
0	most girls only look for the wallet and they are idiots for doing so .
0	thats the only solution until you 're ready 2 move on
0	i would n't go back out with him for one thing .
0	maybe you guys could have a really strong relationship .
0	do n't mess with the other girl 's boyfriend .
0	[ whew got tired writing that last sentence . ]
0	you can have one with out the other .
0	she is 18 and she 's a big girly girl .
0	once ; if they are the one , you 'll know it .
0	its not the end of the world if it goes wrong .
0	ok then do you have a job ?
0	knowing you can spend the rest of your life devoted to that one person .
0	i heard raz b told that to sister to sister magazine .
0	oh god i m so confused please solve my questions .
0	do n't be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
0	i heard raz b told that to sister to sister magazine .
0	oh god i m so confused please solve my questions .
0	do n't be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
0	ok maybe that 's just me again since i like art .
0	durex , unless you want a sensation of a broken condom : )
0	always jewlery or chance by channel .
0	and then of course there is always the naughty christmas gift .
0	but then kiss him and such .
0	u got ta get ova that shit .
0	men who are best friends are friends because they trust eachother !
0	take a cruise you can find cheap if you book late
0	really give it to the salvation army
0	if he does n't like it-just ask him to cut it
0	no i heard that was a rumor .
0	at the moment i feel like fall in love at the first site .
0	# 1 rule never go back always go forward .
0	do you get that a lot , or am i crazy ?
0	what do u gurls look for in guys physical appearance ?
0	that statment ... .well i am still waiting .
0	but if not wit untill you are really ready .
0	use manners , so many people forget that lately !
0	dude as long as ur not loud and they 're asllep just do it !
0	but with love with eyes closed .
0	and before you ever get married always get tested together .
0	coz guys dont think twice b4 going for it ..
0	if the love you have found hurts then , baby it 's not love !
0	and the cultural and religious differences ; we wo n't even go there !
0	why god set my mind when i cant get him .
0	well it depends , especially for me .
0	i say this because once you cheat once you can not stop .
0	the more she treats me like shit the better
0	yeah ... .i like this one girl and i only have 2 classes with her
0	said he tried to kill her with it .
0	who cares if you kissed another girl ?
0	when we were kids we plkayed that game .
0	your gut feeling is usually always right .
0	yeah ... .i like this one girl and i only have 2 classes with her
0	said he tried to kill her with it .
0	who cares if you kissed another girl ?
0	when we were kids we plkayed that game .
0	your gut feeling is usually always right .
0	and i now that doesnt apply to all guys , but most of them !
0	i thnk u must give more time for ur relationship .
0	i went crazy and bought my boyfriend all sorts of stuff the first christmas .
0	hey i think either is just fine with me but i prefer bad guys .
0	) ; to me you 're taking a chance both ways .
0	is gay what your intersted in ?
0	or if it does n't brake up with him .
0	you just do n't know about it .
0	some men are sexier without hair .
0	when he feels comfortable with his gf .
0	ask a friend to do it for you .
0	no , men just think that women answer questions like that .
0	i had a great friendship with a 37 at the age of 18 .
0	try to have any details about her !
0	if its respectable and mutual , its a beautiful thing .
0	you 're 15 thats a little too old for spanking in my book .
0	because they want to impress them
0	try to have any details about her !
0	if its respectable and mutual , its a beautiful thing .
0	you 're 15 thats a little too old for spanking in my book .
0	because they want to impress them
0	he said no that means there is no womenly instinct matters .
0	the first love it the hardest to forget !
0	it did n't work out for us .
0	so i told him that we should be friends .
0	tell him though you are not a stalker you just felt like saying hi
0	or did she give you something .
0	so tell my why do guy do that ?
0	i guess men just get caught more .
0	but hey.. it 's a unique thought !
0	or did she give you something .
0	so tell my why do guy do that ?
0	i guess men just get caught more .
0	but hey.. it 's a unique thought !
0	porn n : creative activity ( writing or pictures or films etc . )
0	we 're just waiting for the catch !
0	man i have the same problem ! ! !
0	that he 's a disrespectful bastard that likes to get smacked in the face .
0	so i feel u need to move on and still rember your kid .
0	yes , but make it a coupon for a blo-job or something like that
0	hey , sometimes you find love where you were n't really looking for it .
0	if not , there 's plenty other fish in the sea baby !
0	someone whose not scared to cry .
0	to young to date or be in love !
0	they might be feeling the same way and want more too .
0	hope you find the right one .
0	how does this make you feel .
0	it has been 37years now and well ... what ever ?
0	if she fell in love , well , it seems hard .
0	i think it is wrong to cheat .
0	there are two ways of cheating at a modern day .
0	try getting a girl then taking her picture .
0	if you want extravagant , then $ 20,000 .
0	relax and if it is meant she will come to you .
0	( fyi : not putting civilian guys down ) good luck hun !
0	i guess all men need is lovin and nuttin else !
0	no real man waits until marriage !
0	do i really want to get married somewhere else ?
0	somebody said to just do it within 3 seconds .
0	( if she does n't pull away then she wants the kiss ) .
0	it 's how tight the you know what is .
0	how much you should spend depends on a few things .
0	so now everybodys happy but him !
0	my answer : ( pssst ... is it in yet ? ? )
0	do you not have grounds for divorce ? ? ?
0	just do n't get 'em mad by getting them drunk !
0	is there a heart to listen to or just a teenage puppy love ?
0	both the girl i dated and her sister are very beautiful .
0	get a bass boat instaed , you 'll have it next summer .
0	use it and get him to loose the hag .
0	if it doesnt stop report him to the authorities !
0	in relationships i find making out wonderful , then the last base !
0	love is something that two people share .
0	not weird , just do n't let security catch you !
0	ask him to pick u or her .
0	he supposely likes and we hold hands and he flirts .
0	then you 'll be happy and he 'll be all yea ! ! !
0	well that all depends on if you want your family and friends there .
0	and so wht if u get the girl , he 's just haten
0	now he is broke and pissed off all the time .
0	beside you marry him and your the one who really proposed .
0	yes go for it you love her
0	think long and hard , do you love him .
0	if thats not an option there are other sources
0	it depends what hes lieing about
0	let her know you think about her .
0	it seems small but it means so much !
0	what can i do to get her back ?
0	love is a thing which everone do's.we get stuck in love
0	1st of all- do n't marry him .
0	she said hes just a friend , even refers to him as her homeboy .
0	they need no extra reason to kiss lol happy holidays !
0	she did n't cherish your love like you cherish hers .
0	is it to make love wit somebody ?
0	they prefer them with back hair instead
0	ur girl friend had not accepted no .
0	maybe he thinks ya 'll can get back together .
0	ur girl friend had not accepted no .
0	maybe he thinks ya 'll can get back together .
0	other bitches call my house 24/7 and i have to tell them off .
0	you can do it but thats nasty and your kids would come out all wrong
0	the list is too long to name
0	but sometimes its not so n iam sure one can judge the best him/herself
0	hi kat , you have to be safe with this one .
0	i think now men and women cheat for various reasons .
0	why not say it if you are not married if you really mean it ?
0	your questions dont make no sense ! ! ! ! ! !
0	do exactly what your heart is telling you then .
0	if you did n't have sex with him .
0	grow some nuts and talk to her .
0	guys do n't really care too much about birthdays like women do .
0	although guys rarely take girls back but girls seem to take guys back .
0	make me feel happy and free
0	i do n't think you ever stop loving your ex .
0	lol kinda like a caveman gene .
0	funny cuz i have that problem but i try.it helps some though .
0	all its doing is asking for is trouble .
0	i call her my meali ' i and i am her po'okela .
0	ask urself these questions ... did he have the money ?
0	and if it does n't , just be happy being happy
0	if you like more things about then go for it .
0	* > but thats cold not giving you something for your birth day .
0	i 'll create one and give it up ... wait
0	and presto u 'll have ur love back .
0	if it works out , great ... if not , no loss .
0	because they are friends and family ?
0	now that all depends on what you look like
0	most people at my school know im gay anyway .
0	i feel liek i should do something .
0	lots of things to think about if you 're looking for life !
0	im 17 and shes been with me since i was 8 i think .
0	its illegal and the 20 year old should be put away
0	oh try it with the lights on !
0	when men talk to men they rarely lie ...
0	because most guys are wussies around women .
0	one i just never hit it off with .
0	without grabbing her arm or stepping to her to be rejected .
0	if your mother thanks its ok tell someone else.teacher , nurse at school .
0	buy her what you want her to have after all its the thought that counts
0	whiles standing infront/on the phone with her , of course ...
0	nothing it just makes the illegal , legal
0	but carry on , love and be loved !
0	y do they always forget important dates unlike us women
0	if i see a cute woman , how do i ask her out ?
0	i got divorced and went broke ... she did n't care ...
0	i have no real advice , because i ca n't do it myself .
0	he sounds like he likes playing mind games to get girls crazy about him .
0	they say it is a mans ego but a woman she is a hoe .
0	blah and then call only once a week ?
0	maybe going to the beach , somthing interesting and creative .
0	once again trust me it work
0	do n't deal anyone throwin ' curve balls at you !
0	unless u ca n't afford it then do n't bother ... lol .
0	though he was honest , it still sucks .
0	just be careful , a lot of guys are users .
0	i do n't know , your the one in love , right ?
0	see i broke up with this girl and then it broke my heart
0	well kill them with kindness has always had a funny sound to it .
0	but if all you get is promises after promises , watch out !
0	its a friend but you can have sex and its ok = )
0	try to listen before speaking you might miss out on somthing inportent
0	and if you love the girl the age doesnt matter is all about feelings ...
0	someone i like , attracted to , who shares my dreams !
0	yea it 's possible.kids sometimes do n't come out right
0	best of luck in your search .
0	i doubt einstien knows the answe to that !
0	yes , guys never mind girls asking them out .
0	if you reali like hem yes you should try to get my boyfriend back
0	so you should probably do it in his bed .
0	people are crazie bitches these days
0	but i do enjoy it more when i find a big guy .
0	to give ugly people their first kiss
0	if you want to have sex use your hand .
0	an ice cold six pack and a good game on the tube ! !
0	he prob wants to take it slow or become friends with benifits ?
0	b/c in the end you will all get burned if you dont .
0	you just have to wait on her , she 's out there .
0	ai n't that a great news !
0	it 's like asking why do n't women find bald men attractive .
0	lol you put the peepee in the vagina and hump hump hump
0	the same reasons that men cheat on women ... personally i wouldnt know .
0	try a country bar ... there are a lot of them there ...
0	does it matter in todays world
0	so she asked for the moon .
0	yes , but it does n't last long .
0	well it wouldnt be as special if you didnt write it yourself now would it
0	thy looking at it that way
0	so even though it 's not easy move on .
0	it means he is still heterosexual and still alive
0	get her something she can use with her husband .
0	oh my god , do you even have to ask that ?
0	i think most people likes to have a christmass gift
0	so even though it 's not easy move on .
0	it means he is still heterosexual and still alive
0	get her something she can use with her husband .
0	oh my god , do you even have to ask that ?
0	i think most people likes to have a christmass gift
0	just forget it and save yourself the embarrassment.. trust me .
0	yeah i wood probably say yes if u were nice
0	i finally wised up and left .
0	you 're not married to the guy right ?
0	if she gets mad she wasnt that good of a friend afterall .
0	then again after our third one .
0	open for guys and chics to answer ...
0	is this like love at first sight ?
0	your heart cheated long ago if you are kissing someone else
0	i appreciate n agree with above answer
0	other wise whatever trips your triger
0	shoot that was a big mistacke !
0	there once was a man from nantucket ... lol
0	the heck with that guy he is a two time loser .
0	if you do it online your just getting a little help .
0	just try to stay out of eachothers way .
0	unless & untill ur penis enters that gir 's vagina , u r virgin .
0	its depends if they are not phycho 's or stalkers .
0	tessa , you took the thought right out of my head !
0	what do they say size does matter ?
0	i only say i love you when i mean it .
0	( watch the movie walk in the cloud )
0	now , did i try to fight it ?
0	some people spend the rest of their lifes together without ever saying i love u
0	do n't tell her - show her .
0	some guy walking down the street saw it and said you are a gentleman .
0	nooo star wars is over rated and thats crap !
0	love hurts because it is real ... ..
0	how old are you and why do you want a wife
0	just act like it doesnt matter and you will be cool .
0	yes wait until you are married !
0	and definitely dont be a jerk if you dont want to be slap !
0	if you want to call then call .
0	with words comming from your mouth !
0	i do n't know what i am going to do either .
0	some will tell you to forget about him , but i no thats hard .
0	actually , even thinking about someone without your partner knowing is cheating .
0	hi , my name is < insert name here > , what 's yours ?
0	make him feel like he is the man !
0	use people-talk openers like 'do you know steve ? '
0	and you said i was a loser .
0	talking about cars , cell phones , & buddies , negative !
0	shown how important he thinks it all is .
0	tell him something like , we should n't be doing this .
0	i wouldnt go down on a girl thats stank .
0	yeah unless your related to them or they already have a girl friend
0	do n't even try , he will see throught it .
0	give it up , girl you deserve better !
0	under 25-30 bucks but is my favorite gift yet ... .
0	hey babe ping me on coolnishith2000 @ yahoo.com .
0	i 'll pray for you.. god bless .
0	and if you are , do him a favore , dump him .
0	get over it and do your homework !
0	for some , it feels like falling .
0	love simply flies away when hunger knocks .
0	take him out for pizza or play sports .
0	looking for a woman to date
0	i guess to put in just one word -- -kind .
0	nope the speed of air comin ' out is toooo much
0	i mean you can think a girl you know is hot .
0	we 're not best friends , but anyway ... ...
0	i just realized you said how , that 's good .
0	then ... no one else will appear in ur dream
0	you need to find a guy who actually cares about women ^_^ .
0	try it out my top 5 -- it works .
0	so she left me high and dry .
0	re you willing to fight till the end ?
0	you 're not cheating , you 're just outsourcing your orgasms .
0	you probably ca n't do it without offending him .
0	remember actions speak louder than words .
0	yes som time ilike to be alone
0	that was better than a man
0	avoid worn-out party pick ups like 'do you want another drink ? '
0	this is my first year ever having a guy w/ me for christmas .
0	sounds like he just wants to have sex with you .
0	my ex-girlfriend and i where alone at my house .
0	your father will eventually come around trust me !
0	when the time is right wham ... you got hit .
0	my mom asks for a list every year so we get something we want .
0	stop looking so hard and she will come to you ! !
0	makes you feel like you didnt matter .
0	dont u think we love our parents , grand parents .
0	just forget that you had a very bad nightmare .
0	tell him everything but the cheating with a friend part
0	yes , long as you dont have it every day ! !
0	yes you should stay with him maby time will fix it .
0	if you like her and you feel shes interested yes .
0	it frowns on women who just want to get freaky .
0	of course thats about the when i started liking people .
0	but it would be great to marry a girl/boy who loves u and viceversa .
0	if you like empty parking lots , then stick with them ,
0	he knew it wasnt right but he didnt want to be alone .
0	so i hope what i said helps !
0	i even do n't know if he is alive .
0	you just learned to french kiss .
0	i dont think its harmful at all .
0	invite her over and pop in a porno
0	men are individuals just as we are .
0	hey i wan na be your friend
0	i 'm sorry that guy was such a butthole , no woman deserves that !
0	i do n't care what anybody says , somebodys gon na lose a trailer .
0	tell him/her how come its over/gone .
0	so ask urself wut is luv .
0	i 'm sorry that guy was such a butthole , no woman deserves that !
0	i do n't care what anybody says , somebodys gon na lose a trailer .
0	tell him/her how come its over/gone .
0	so ask urself wut is luv .
0	if you wait too long , you will have over thought it .
0	the eyes , the wallet and then the ears .
0	but if he 's not , dump him .
0	it do n't need any third party applications
0	get hurt physically or something else ?
0	how do you get back at a cheater ?
0	me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out tho afterwards .
0	that along makes me not want his sorry ass .
0	get hurt physically or something else ?
0	how do you get back at a cheater ?
0	me and the guy broke up and his friend asked me out tho afterwards .
0	if you whine he 'll think you 're a b**** .
0	depends on who you are doing it with
0	and ofcourse a sense of humor ... ..chocolate and wine never hurts !
0	and , of course , they are young men ... they want sex .
0	thing 's might change any moment for the good .
0	love is what u make it .
0	you just try to forget everything good , and remember everything bad .
0	i dont know , and trust me i have had sex before !
0	and how much total you have to work with .
0	ya if you live in alabama hahahhahah
0	if he gets nervouse around you and says stupid things .
0	take 'em to chuckie cheese or whatever 5 year-olds like now .
0	suppose he 's a duck hunter ... buy her some waders .
0	lose him , and do n't give it up .
0	and you know that he is a married man .
0	it is like you are kissing their ... ... ... ... ... ...
0	and i know shes been hanging out with him lately .
0	say somthing like hey ya want to grab somthing to eat ?
0	try setting her up on a blind with a guy with some morals ...
0	you got it all wrong , hon !
0	when you feel hurt , that means , you care for that person .
0	some people are into it and some are not .
0	no im one and i wouldnt .
0	um ... no , unless you want to go illegal .
0	some people are into it and some are not .
0	or else he is dead ... .either way , he 's gone !
0	no im one and i wouldnt .
0	feel good that you just did it ! ! !
0	kaely thinks you are a dork .
0	totally i ask for naughty things all the time : )
0	if it worked once why not again ?
0	my work here is done , toodles !
0	then you should get on with your life !
0	just give it to him straight .
0	be there for her in the good and bad as you always have .
0	or , if he does like guys , jump his bones !
0	family are generally a pretty good place to start ...
0	i think you should keep trying .
0	and the woman at home cat must aint good to him anymore .
0	lil hugs and kisses touchin thing like that .
0	why do u need a free girl fiend ? ? ?
0	let her know what you were thinking from the start .
0	is that what you are asking ?
0	im sorry i thought u were gay
0	or an average looking girl that actually cares about other things other than herself .
0	maybe try to convince him you want a lot more than just a hook-up .
0	all for one and one for all .
0	i had an ex who cheated , lied , etc .
0	do n't let any kids see your dirty little christmas list !
0	you just have to keep looking .
0	further u need not to tell , he himself will tell u .
0	hi , i am kong , some call me king .
0	remember there are plenty more fish in the sea ...
0	but if you do not mean than you should not say it .
0	start bangin someone else ... ... .she is most likley
0	now it seems like just an ordinary , everyday thing !
0	do you just not like him ?
0	do n't bother dating , just renew the marriage & make it work !
0	i think that u should talk to him about it .
0	i did once , many years ago .
0	no gift , thats a big mistake .
0	you ca n't have it both ways .
0	you 'll never know unless you ask .
0	if you really love him you wold reconize that size doesnt matter
0	dont worry hell come to you .
0	i believe that some do , some do n't .
0	if it doesnt make you happy why are you doing it .
0	if you really love him you wold reconize that size doesnt matter
0	dont worry hell come to you .
0	i believe that some do , some do n't .
0	if it doesnt make you happy why are you doing it .
0	i knew how to keep my apartment neat , did laundry , etc .
0	think of something he always bugs you about when your around .
0	beyond that , it 's freakin ' nobody 's business !
0	they always think the grass is greener on the other side .
0	what ways can u give a guy pleasure ?
0	would you do me the honor of bieng my wife ?
0	belive me , what ever you decide you can handle it ! !
0	like emails and stuff like that ?
0	if she acts like that , you probably shouldnt be friends with her .
0	some want it every day and some want it twice a month .
0	and the toucing things have really impoved .
0	it sounds like you love the person but feel that they dont love you .
0	life never turns out the way people want it too .
0	the love they deserved to have
0	when men talk to women they have to lie a lot ...
0	as a catholic i say after but as a hott lonly chic is say before
0	but , u marry ur life-partner only .
0	his favorite television series on dvd ?
0	without getting turned down and painfully .
0	they are n't as complex and tthe just need to get over thir ego .
0	what does this have to do with singles and dating ?
0	buy her a k & n filter charger for her car !
0	first ask the basic ' w ' questions : who was she ?
0	for the same reason that women do ... ask any lesbian !
0	it might not be that you are a loser at all .
0	u find what your not looking for .
0	we rnt suposed 2 meet people here ... .thats stupid
0	so , be honest and try your luck !
0	than well the rest is up to you : d
0	it would probably bother me if he didnt .
0	of course u can love a person even if you are not married .
0	so , be honest and try your luck !
0	than well the rest is up to you : d
0	it would probably bother me if he didnt .
0	of course u can love a person even if you are not married .
0	i got ta argue with that one .
0	hopefully you are n't too old or you are screwed .
0	first you have to get yourself busy .
0	show her that you took the time to make it special .
0	shouldnt be that hard they 're easier to spot : p
0	cause if there is one then it will be plenty more to come
0	this is you just heve to wait for her
0	if you are a starving artist ... do n't spend 300 dollars .
0	the true and honest love always win !
0	i want a man with confidence .
0	heck.. you just might find mrs .
0	you do not have to be married to say i love you
0	high school ( according to my brother ) .
0	it means i 'm just not that into you .
0	fight ur urges friends are worth more than cheap thrills .
0	have u gotten him anything for his bday ?
0	do the i do n't what to screw up with you line .
0	so many things to do here if you speak portugese..
0	have you ever asked a girl out ?
0	wow , did n't know i could go so long .
0	is there some unwritten rule about the girl never saying i love you first ?
0	yes it is ok to fall in love with a young single guy
0	even if the man is n't gay , it 's not considered cheating .
0	but shameless flirting never hurt anyone .
0	ask him if he is gay ?
0	you can tell him its over thats what i do
0	mine is doc and hers is kimber
0	dont feel bad , my son is 31 and still single .
0	get out and smell the coffee ... ..
0	that way , they can leave without any problem .
0	this one does n't care about you .
0	just tell her , or write her a note .
0	is it because , i 'm a giant gorilla and she 's a woman ?
0	all i can say is you know her and what she likes .
0	get ready for an odd little story !
0	it 's a fact ... i can deal with it ...
0	well personaly you need to pick .
0	if there is nothing you disagree on can you just file and be done .
0	well guys in a nutshell are assholes .
0	but if he treats you or the baby bad then i would say no !
0	if you hurt all the time then you need to find someone else .
0	and trust me ... ... .you so do n't want to mess with her !
0	oh mothers ... ... .. where did that come from ?
0	maybee you dont know what lonely means
0	and anyone that says they love you would never put you in harms way .
0	if you love the woman get married .
0	coz u have it in ur id catchme .
0	she may just like you back !
0	if you love the woman get married .
0	coz u have it in ur id catchme .
0	good cute body & style & their face & ec .
0	she may just like you back !
0	you just have to guess and hope for the best .
0	out to dinner and then go have fun and do something like bowling
0	sounds to me like someones being led on .
0	yuo ten to get peace from praying .
0	i do n't want her to be in my wedding .
0	i will know by ; the care and feeling she shows around me
0	is only foolish men who cheat
0	find out what she really wants , and be that if you can .
0	not unless he has no desire to talk to her .
0	its frusterating , but then again ... a blast ! !
0	tiger : do n't listen to any of them , they are all wrong .
0	sry , yall- this is like my 4th post .
0	stop wasting your time and his and just leave already .
0	now i just get him things he 'll have fun with .
0	becuz , we are trying to train you to do wut ever we want
0	you dont need someone there making it bad .
0	maybe he just likes you and is trying to fill the void ? ...
0	most of the nice gals are married .
0	i think that at that age , you are just begining to live .
0	ost ladies like when a guy can aker her laugh .
0	or something cute and simple like a teddy bear or even a poem !
0	most guys will get over it .
0	ignore him and forget about it ... .revenge is not worth it
0	i like clubs because they are loud and women always go in groups .
0	to some women i ` m in between it kinda matters it kinda doesnt matter
0	he cheated , how do i get rid of it ?
0	yes , and she became my wife .
0	girls do that anyway , whether they are conscious of it or not .
0	wait till you find the right one that you love !
0	and you can start a conversation .
0	you canalways step to him first
0	your perfect guy will come at the perfect time
0	and oh yeah , wear something short .
0	let the kid believe what they believe .
0	when she keeps flirting with you .
0	let the kid believe what they believe .
0	when women talk to women they lot a lot ...
0	from that it self you can tell how she is being true with you ?
0	that 's no reason to dump a bf.unless your a material girl .
0	women had self esteem by being a good mom and wife .
0	if still ca n't tell write him a letter .
0	then blurt it out like a joke .
0	is there something going on with them ?
0	its a big step especially with a shy girl .
0	i got ta have it all , love and everything else .
0	some men freak out about that much responsibility .
0	but there could be tons of possibilities why she is like that .
0	it 's just a feeling that starts in my gut kinda thing ...
0	perhaps your scaring guys off ... good luck to you
0	so i do n't know what to do .
0	no baby i see its free good
0	gvie her time to feel 'at home ' .
0	only you will know if he truly loves you or not
0	get her a gift card so you do n't have to worry about anything
0	true true ... it comes it goes and no one knows ...
0	she does n't play , but i do .
0	so , they had sex & the woman left him .
0	danceing , then go to the moves !
0	right , no , but is he really blowing you off ?
0	regarding what is wrong w/ him ... .. unknown .
0	but some are into big girls .
0	fyi ... he 's sitting behind me answering questions as we speak .
0	that magic only exists in fairy tails .
0	they seem so happy to talk among themselves and nothing else ? ? ?
0	i see too many women like this all the time ! !
0	but all in all do something different .
0	and some ladies wonder why there is n't a faithful guy out there .
0	first , if he loves it ... respect him .
0	wear something sexy but not slutty .
0	its a way way of showing love like any other way .
0	i still wanted to send it to him but i never got an response .
0	pretend that she does not exsist .
0	try asking him for a reason .
0	stainless steel set which will be useful for their day to day use .
0	should i tell her now , i do n't want her in it ?
0	you dont you each have to move on .
0	girls seem to pick each others b/f 's .
0	wat he does is his thing .
0	i can not go back to someone like that can i ?
0	he will probably cheat on you again .
0	i do n't trust these online poeple search companies .
0	i saw him naked with her .
0	lets kiss and find out ; )
0	if u look for love u never find it .
0	i will tell you a secret..
0	call me for more questions at 307 351 2765
0	what if you hug all your friends when you say hi ?
0	take a chance and do it
0	look her up or just look for her .
0	move on and get a life .
0	god saves the best for last
0	that girl is a little bit my friend .
0	talk to her in loving manners , but dont be too pushy .
0	do what ur heart tells you .
0	( what if kids are n't even possible ?
0	sex & attention -they are to young to know what they whant .
0	should i just try and ask a girl out at my school
0	ive planned only a few but my input is 7-10g 's .
0	pass on him some hints of ur liking .
0	something she will love for ever merry christmas ... ... comeing from the haert
0	if you love this guy , it does n't matter .
0	when you are mature enough to understand your own feelings
0	yes , he 's been cheating on you .
0	i know what im talking about .
0	so tell him and then start making a list .
0	no , but i would be-friend them !
0	and that your friends are only friends !
0	i hate the short hair for girls .
0	your own hand , or your sock ? )
0	i dont think men should hit women at all .
0	why not stay home and talk !
0	if you hurt someone like that then you dont love them .
0	it is if you ca n't tell your girl friend/wife about it .
0	well there are probably websites for that.. they are plenty of single woman though .
0	who know he may doing something nice to you ?
0	get a life and do your school work
0	buy a red cheek poweder to increase shyness cuz shy girls are amazing
0	do n't bother getting too upset with this .
0	it depends on if you ever plan on meeting
0	come on ... ..everybody has at least one insane one .
0	it 's not that guys do n't want to help .
0	let him know what you feel .
0	chances are he will be back
0	the wallet is a plus though = )
0	send the kids with your spouse .
0	or anything else for that matter ?
0	of course you do n't want to pay .
0	man , am i the only one to do this .
0	that 's not horrible , it 's just practical .
0	just think of it as a boob trifecta .
0	or is it just a thing to u ?
0	girls do n't want a guy that they can run over .
0	i 'm thick and i 've never had a problem .
0	23 is very young and you have a lot of growing up to do .
0	ca n't go wrong w/ a single rose
0	well did you boink the guy or what ?
0	see it for what it is .
0	i sounded just like you not too long ago .
0	tell your girl i bet she will think so too . !
0	does it mean to trust care and respect somebody ?
0	he 's an ex because he 's an ex ... no more !
0	if i cheat on my boyfriend because he never puts out ?
0	probably he likes you but something is holding him back .
0	hope that helps , rock her world for me bro .
0	as for those that don't.. it 's their loss : )
0	well mainly it is just him .
0	if your asking that question than you are gay ! ! ! !
0	because they might like you and dont want you to know things .
0	do anyone know what i should do ?
0	people at school think i am a nerd
0	until one comes along and they start beggin and pleading .
0	tell him that you do n't want him to do that anymore .
0	is this the kid of relationship you want from a boyfriend .
0	you dony hsve to move to africa , they are everywhere .
0	pick one up and give it a try !
0	raising kids as a gay is wrong and immoral period !
0	good luck with the boyfriend & happy holidays .
0	why not he just might be mr .
0	y bother in the first place..
0	i guess the only consolation to that is honesty .
0	us women are no so complex creatures really ... . good luck !
0	if he says no and you believe him , then there you go .
0	how can i forget it all in my mind ?
0	why do n't you just ask her and then go from there .
0	give her a nice and simple gift she 'll love it
0	if your love hurts ... let it go .
0	we men are insecure ... repeat after me .
0	move on , , if she wanted to find you she would have ...
0	just be charmin and sweet girls like that
0	if they are just friends , he will tell her what you said .
0	? ... .gee , if it 's his , he 'll know..lol
0	what 's so funny is he 's 20yrs .
0	stupid question , try writing it better .
0	he just want to use you whenever .
0	i like to think they will understand and protect you .
0	so plz take right step and gv deep thinking to take any decision .
0	did n't you promise to love honor , etc .
0	if you do not mean it do not say it .
0	tell me how things go .
0	if you have to ask , she probably is .
0	there 's nothing really bad flirting to a guy .
0	i did not like kissing men or haveing sex with them .
0	i 'm a guy ... and teh poems i like most are limerick poems ...
0	i pick it up and just stare at it .
0	never do a movie on a first date .
0	( that 's even more modern in thinking ) .
0	one day they want space and the next day they want a relationship !
0	but identifying it is a whole different matter
0	choose one from ur neighbours house man an denjoy ur holiday with her .
0	but most women prefer it to be just them two .
0	dont waste your life over one girl ! !
0	shit i would date them both .
0	think about it..but before it- smile please ! ! ! !
0	look around , grab whatever tickles your fancy and have a ball .
0	yr going to be with 1000 cats and rats if dont stop it
0	because they think that there is something that they are missing .
0	ya got to love getting older .
0	you deserve someone that will only look and want you .
0	but if not you should probably talk to a grandparent or great friend .
0	i want to be your friend
0	just dont show that u like him .
0	just do n't let him pressure you into stuff you do not want .
0	of course i would date outside my race.everybody needs lovin no matter what
0	i want a fat and hairy obese woman that belittles me im public .
0	do u hang with your friends ?
0	do the household chore she hates most !
0	do n't let him and he wo n't .
0	say hey momacta let me hit that
0	take what you can from it .
0	till then , you hang in there !
0	it is all in your hand
0	it 's not a good thing to date your ex 's sibling !
0	it depends if she likes you too
0	if you guys are okay with the religious difference , then marry .
0	i am not this way , but my husband is .
0	some men are just stuiped like that
0	but lil mamma it is doable .
0	just spend some time hanging out .
0	just accept him and be friends .
0	ya do what you want it is your life
0	it 's ok to be afraid , but do n't let that stop you !
0	just accept him and be friends .
0	ya do what you want it is your life
0	it 's ok to be afraid , but do n't let that stop you !
0	it depends if you love him or not .
0	now think whether it could happen with your ex ...
0	feed that person that should keep them quiet for a while
0	; ) that should shut them up .
0	i love sleeping with me wife .
0	if you have to ask yourself that question , then there 's a good chance
0	i love him so much and do n't want the flame to die .
0	becuz they had it with someone else b4
0	but just remember , it does matter
0	tell me if u found an answer
0	i think that age aint noting but a number .
0	i have a feeling shes seeing another guy but i 'm nt sure .
0	but this is only my opnion okay..
0	i look to see what keeps her going from day to day .
0	give them a hint or flirt a little then tell that u like him/her
0	no your not a bad person you just have needs .
0	i wish i was that lucky
0	then you need to set a budget .
0	yeah , good thing i like twilight zone music
0	if he is not worth it .
0	and he wo n't already have a mrs. right .
0	because men lie just because they think they can get away whit it .
0	best advice is just not to ask guys out .
0	i do n't think its true that lesbians hate men .
0	i agree , there is good and bad ... just get to know them .
0	it gets more detailed but this is just an overveiw of it .
0	give it to me if you dont know what to do with it .
0	my friend wants to know ( maybe that friend of mine is me ... )
0	i 'm in one now and straight loving it !
0	then i toned it back a bit .
0	no that 's hot ... what 's up sexy ?
0	a person only has one sould mate , one true love .
0	because there is no one good enough for a true nice guy
0	go pink girly girls love pink , and butterflies .
0	slap a libel suit on her ass
0	i think u got the question wrong .
0	what the hell you talkin about
0	we are not the same as even a few generations back .
0	but do n't waste tons of time doing it .
0	because they are from two different planets !
0	what the hell you talkin about
0	we are not the same as even a few generations back .
0	but do n't waste tons of time doing it .
0	because they are from two different planets !
0	fox theater jan. 1 2006 playing ?
0	you should let it go and be friends justlike she sayd .
0	if you 're so interested , why do n't you ask him out ?
0	if not you will loose both .
0	u should buy her a underwear ! ! ! ! !
0	when they ask me why dont i get married i just say what for ?
0	too bad you do n't have an avatar .
0	do n't worry though , there are people out there who do n't cheat .
0	no offense but she doesnt sound too interested .
0	there 's also this : guys just do n't like bushy privates .
0	i hope kaely lykins likes me ! !
0	yea cause cause i have 2 home girl and we r
0	no offense but she doesnt sound too interested .
0	there 's also this : guys just do n't like bushy privates .
0	like mouth , just lips , just tounge , etc .
0	i hope kaely lykins likes me ! !
0	yea cause cause i have 2 home girl and we r
0	if they are single , they probably want to stay that way .
0	i do n't understand why some girls like those guys at all .
0	get a puppy , or watch the american pie movies .
0	but my friend playa to playa if you get caught up in the mix .
0	( at least that 's what it sounds like )
0	so , why would we only love one man or woman ?
0	try to get everyone to care
0	i dont have any boyfriend so ca n't tell u anything .
0	but secretly they were still going out and i didnt know .
0	this is my most embarrasing moment leave comments plz .
0	if that does n't work then just ask her .
0	there is no amount on love .
0	why so quick to throw away another marriage ?
0	i would also add ... a kiss !
0	set a date ... . and go from there
0	she is a sick woman and shame on her sorry
0	i hope one day there wo n't be a need to ask this question !
0	dam how do you not know that ?
0	why hell no.. he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
0	she is a sick woman and shame on her sorry
0	i hope one day there wo n't be a need to ask this question !
0	dam how do you not know that ?
0	why hell no.. he should dumb you for being such a shallow bitch
0	nope dont think all men cheat .
0	i think that you could go to the movies .
0	so explain if you want advice please ; )
0	if you would n't marry them ... do n't date them
0	coz it very easy to say but difficult to stay on words .
0	so there is only the girl who wants things differently .
0	ye love can be at first sight
0	how you r treating and trust your girl friend ?
0	you call but she does not pick up .
0	guess what , i lost my incentive to do these things .
0	and also about playing with gadgets .
0	and dont act like a stereotypical floozy .
0	figure out how much money you will have total .
0	if they say no , that 's it .
0	nothing gets a girl going like horsepower ... at least it works for me !
0	why do n't women like short guys ?
0	i dont know what to do
0	it is online dating , not line dating ...
0	if a casual friend is asking they are just making conversation .
0	yep and there is nothing there..just this empty space between your ears
0	you do n't need much to turn a guy on ... we are always on
0	dont let your relationship go bad .
0	... . because i can see my self in them .
0	but i do believe in love at first sight.it happens rarely .
0	if they ask , i would recommend saying , oh , you !
0	and she still shoul n't mess around she should just leave ya ! ! !
0	if you like this guy , go out with him .
0	so stop sweating and start laughing cause is sure can be funny at times .
0	sweet talk and get them drunk
0	i know i liked women from a young age .
0	dont ruin someones life for your own gain !
0	i really could just use some advice ...
0	sweet talk and get them drunk
0	i know i liked women from a young age .
0	dont ruin someones life for your own gain !
0	i really could just use some advice ...
0	dress conservativly , but still make yourself look good .
0	i mean how can emotions create pain ?
0	because they watch too much mtv ... : p
0	he should trust you enough that you only love him ! !
0	can you send me your answers to timitimika @ yahoo.com ?
0	yahoo personals is good , so is match.com
0	and i find thick girls very sexy.sexyness comes from personality and sharm .
0	well not everybody is the same there still people around with moral
0	if you both think it is ok then it is ok .
0	so she obviously does not care if you get sick or not .
0	when i first married i was almost 31 .
0	being a virgin is n't as bad as many people think it is .
0	cheap= linens and things has great gifts !
0	that is what you call a dumb ass ! ! !
0	if he cheats once , he will cheat again .
0	it is the invidibel ( it is in the blood )
0	be cautious if you have a hard time getting away from somebody .
0	honey ! you kiss just like your mother : -0
0	if the men is a good person he will take u and kids together .
0	my little brother justed turned 21 , so i hope this helps .
0	no , you need to get a new boyfriend
0	i beleive in lust and yearning at first sight .
0	-what do i not like about him ?
0	if you guys hang out after that , that means he likes you .
0	internet , street corners , house of ill repute , high school/college , mall
0	sports bar during any major event
0	do not appear to just be nice to get her back .
0	a : it is ok and even advised .
0	what i feel is dat my man need to stop trating me bad .
0	sure , if you are in a relationship , why not ?
0	that what is to be in love
0	if you have crushes on guys and girls = bi .
0	i guess it kinda depends on the kiss to .
0	if you 're a gentleman all the time she may not feel attractive .
0	keep dreaming and she will be there
0	who cares what they are up to ?
0	umm do you own a toothbrush
0	it seems you guys have good chemistry..online .
0	my favorite is west coast swing .
0	if you have faith .open your eyes and heart he may be already there .
0	man u and show him that u ai n't gon na take his shit .
0	theres the pipe dream mind games .
0	if you know how i can inprove please let me know !
0	well does n't that nake some men hoes also ?
0	it feels like he is flirting .
0	open ur eyes you see beautiful world out is there for u
0	get over her , sry but u cant make some one love you
0	had to have dropped by at least 50pts .
0	call him and try to get him back
0	or take a trip down there .
0	think your name says it all .
0	but give me credit for trying .
0	ok this guy that i know likes making other people cry .
0	sometimes ya got ta be a jerk in life to get what you want .
0	it came with a price - - my brokenheart !
0	i used to be that way because i did n't trust my partner .
0	) , and sit down and have a nice heart to heart .
0	what do girls really want in a guy ?
0	if that seems to impersonal ask .
0	look up everything you need to know at the links below
0	hand bag , makeup , shoes or anything that she really dream about it .
0	there are lots of great guys out there .
0	it is just not your time to shine .
0	love isnt hard to find , its just hard to accept .
0	have your family look and ask .
0	life 's too short to wonder and have regrets later !
0	i do n't skinny girls ; i prefer bbws .
0	eventually your dad will get over it
0	you should tell him that he is a disgrace to men !
0	men do it all the time girl .
0	but that 's just my two cents !
0	how do you really know when you love someone ?
0	men do it all the time girl .
0	but that 's just my two cents !
0	how do you really know when you love someone ?
0	you could ask any questions you like , if you know the girl .
0	nuttin wrong with shaving.. but the snake thing has got to hurt !
0	and by the way sex is not always penetration ! !
0	doing it sideways is also good b/c the d*ck really gets in there .
0	anywhere ... you dont have to specify that you are a xtian ...
0	just got ta love all those walking contradictions out there .
0	we are best friend and love every minute that we spend together .
0	you deserve better , dont you think ?
0	not at all it 's all about who you fall in love with : )
0	u can let him talk to u when he feels that u want that
0	just be best friends with her daddy .
0	give it time , if she is truly using him he 'll find out .
0	tell your new girls about her b4 any thing goes beyond a first date .
0	you said your shy use it to your advantage .
0	would he get mad a you ?
0	do this out in a nice public resutrant do n't ever become desprate .
0	what a jerko , buy him socks and underware , the cheap ones too
0	nothing he was there before you he 'll be there after you .
0	never in my life have i felt like i do now .
0	make you stronger or destory you ? ?
0	go on you know you want to
0	plus , it may be him that 's doing the blushing !
0	then you can go for it .
0	they say it , but they do n't .
0	geocities through yahoo lets or used to let you make a website for free .
0	what kind of sick lover do you have .
0	and she will not stop pushing herself at me .
0	if you act fake we 'll know .
0	but fidgeting and looking down and away is usualy a sign of lying .
0	you learn to deal with him , if you love him .
0	call her and talk about your day that works !
0	so it is quite important that u shud b comfortable with urself .
0	no , love died with the souls of the meek
0	i made a mistake is no excuse .
0	just go up to them we do n't beat if you treat us right
0	but if you really want to be happy ignorance is bliss
0	if you like her then yes .
0	it depends on both of you !
0	ps i 'm a single guy normal looking guy .
0	not nasty , but it can be messy !
0	it depends on both of you !
0	ps i 'm a single guy normal looking guy .
0	not nasty , but it can be messy !
0	okay -- this is without a doubt the wackiest response i have ever posted .
0	also you might want to get to know him as a friend .
0	messy , and she can get a nasty infection from it
0	smile and do n't do anything stupid .
0	believe me hon , there are plently of ugly and mean gay guys too .
0	i like her a lot too what do i do ?
0	just tell him you like him .
0	ignore the ones who only think about having sex with you .
0	now i 'm with someone and have been for almost a year now .
0	because the the left hand goes to your heart
0	than make love and one 's more say i love you
0	love always hurts and it never makes itself easy to understand !
0	because many guys dont have feelings to cover up ?
0	because they figured out how easy we are ...
0	i do n't so much just making eye contact or simply flirting..
0	nope what if she finds out your cheating
0	guys try to emulate their dads .
0	cause a real man does n't need sex , he needs a friend .
0	they just never will until they loose you .
0	you can always try again once you desided hes done w/ his games .
0	tell her you have a girlfriend already
0	there is nothing we do for fun .
0	i guess you got your answer ; )
0	oh yes , he is too old for you .
0	sounds like you got your hand in your pants bro .
0	or if thats hard to leave and come back to him later .
0	start off with how was ur day at work .
0	if you dont like wear it in right hand .
0	dont forget the bedroom ... keep the work up in there !
0	as for the answer , who cares ! ! !
0	no arguements , no ego clash- please !
0	most beautiful - aishwarya rai most sexiest - penelope cruz
0	this pain is so much i ca n't take this anymore .
0	everywhere i go , girls keep coming on to me .
0	oh i would definitely rat her out .
0	get smart with them , walk right up and say can i help you ?
0	here in canada we have a magizine ( among many ) called match .
0	its just lust at first sight .
0	best of luck finding your best answer , ice princess
0	or he may not be interested in you
0	because it is closet to the heart
0	sometimes men are weird like that .
0	is it really necessary when you hear the tunes of pleasure
0	a fat wallet asnd a large **** ... ..good luck
0	i can give it up by sharing it with him/her
0	if it 's that bad then get out .
0	it really just depends on what both of you are looking for !
0	just find someone right for you .
0	then he 'll play until he goes to bed .
0	how do i add people i meet in yahoo to my yahoo buddy list
0	im a women i know , thats a fucking dumb question
0	this doesnt mean you cant be friends just that your not dating .
0	big boobs of coures trust me i have them and they r great .
0	there is one better than the other , its all in what u want .
0	nope it is not wrong so lomg as u both love each other
0	you got ta actually care about em .
0	big boobs of coures trust me i have them and they r great .
0	there is one better than the other , its all in what u want .
0	nope it is not wrong so lomg as u both love each other
0	and if you dont write mails better write mails .
0	you got ta actually care about em .
0	but it does not mean the first glance and fall in love .
0	just be careful and alert in life .
0	leave ur teeth alone.. just dont forget to clean , floss and brush daily .
0	you do n't , you let her find you .
0	who ever said you have to love only one person .
0	a special girl which is your friend is a girl friend
0	because , no-one wants to hear 'no '
0	oh , no no no ... stay where you are ...
0	being it for sex or love ...
0	you like each other , so why not ?
0	hell yeah rat on that hoe .
0	males are never too old for females as long as they are legal
0	become a groupie for a biker gang .
0	if he wo n't - then do n't bother .
0	and if they do , do n't believe it - its crap..
0	you know , women have a mind of their own .
0	if uz a lady , send me a pic .
0	i do because they take care of me .
0	and me and my guy have already been there three times !
0	guys can get away with it - that 's the answer .
0	playful , who is not affraid to show his feelings to me .
0	once a cheater , always a cheater .
0	a basketball game , class assignment , some crazy rumor .
0	does the age of a man matter to any age female ?
0	eating , sleeping , watching football , talking to friends ... .
0	you wo n't respect yourself later and he probably wo n't either .
0	but hopefully you are friends or dating already .
0	yea he is a sick perv and she doesnt know any better
0	or just wash your p_ssy because it probably stinks .
0	understand his point of view then count till million then u can take decision
0	what can and should i do ?
0	it sounds like you are lonely .
0	how old are you and where do you live ?
0	also if you ask him out your paying for your date .
0	it sounds like you are lonely .
0	how old are you and where do you live ?
0	also if you ask him out your paying for your date .
0	busy in work more n more and enjoying life .
0	when she says you have changed what does she mean ! ! !
0	why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring ?
0	it depends , probably earlier if their parents wouldnt disown them for it
0	why would she want to spend time with a guy that is so boring ?
0	it depends , probably earlier if their parents wouldnt disown them for it
0	white with bow already at the top for like $ 10-15 bucks !
0	and that is the truth ... no kidding !
0	too macho ... but only coz some men try to conform
0	but this sounds like it is better to move on .
0	i would say 14 or 15 and +
0	not asking just tempting to see if he goes for the bait .
0	what present that suitable to gv to her ? any idea ?
0	age is just a number unless its a crime .
0	i am working on the same problem .
0	talk to you about what , the weather ?
0	first ask her i like you and wait for answer ! ! ! !
0	that & getting on with your life ...
0	mine did it behind my back a lot..it just started a ton of fights .
0	but somehow they always end up thinking you really like them .
0	that & getting on with your life ...
0	mine did it behind my back a lot..it just started a ton of fights .
0	but somehow they always end up thinking you really like them .
0	2 wrongs do n't make a right !
0	if less than 5 , it might not be that bad .
0	not that i know of ... .try classmates.com or google their name .
0	( nothing sexual tho ) and if he goes for it .
0	just say hi you look formilyor
0	if she 's simple make it simple ... it 's about her .
0	go on yahoo chat or go to skate parks etc
0	you do n't have to do anything you do n't want to .
0	: ) after that , i would leave it alone .
0	mabbe she likes 2 c u wen u r angry !
0	then you 've got a bit of a problem !
0	maybe because they are not worn on the right !
0	on yahoo search type find people
0	i m not getting why u ask such question .
0	and that is what marrige is supposed to be duh !
0	but if you want a fake percentage it is 43.795684 %
0	i have windows xp and i had windows98 on my old computer .
0	yes a boy friend is a boyfriend !
0	you 'll know right away if this is gon na click .
0	staring at how big of humps in guys pants
0	explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
0	using you as a rebound but not even getting there .
0	maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into .
0	you 'll know right away if this is gon na click .
0	explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend
0	maybe try to see what kind of guy she is into .
0	what were you doing before you got married ?
0	maybe he 's doing it on purpose just to make u jealous !
0	there really isnt anything that you can do except move on
0	2 inches is n't enough to get the job done .
0	i hope this answers your question
0	beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster !
0	only if you become his new momma .
0	they just want to hit it
0	shut up u stupid bitch why do you think .
0	beacuase they can relate to them better since girls mature faster !
0	only if you become his new momma .
0	they just want to hit it
0	shut up u stupid bitch why do you think .
0	yes sex is love because you can then show you fellings
0	is she the right one or bad one ?
0	if thats so try the phone book .
0	good natured are the best , nothing else matters for me
0	ive confronted her , told teachers and all that stuff but she wont stop !
0	by some really killer shoes ... trust me , it helps .
0	just tell he what u feel .
0	see if he likes it or not .
0	the person that is always there for you no matter what .
0	we do this so u will give it to us more .
0	i lost mine at 12 and it 's a bit young ...
0	any of the dating sites , yahoo , match , cupid , etc .
0	well i am an expert at this !
0	only if you are good at mouth sex and will agree to back door sex
0	i know that @ least most guys get turned on with girl/girl action .
0	i really feel like this was a big mistake for her .
0	or is it who he is ?
0	if you do n't feel the same way , you just do n't .
0	975 n aviation blvd , 310 318-5959
0	looks matter ; get used to it .
0	wont you get nervous making one of the greatest decisions in your life ?
0	lick dammit ... more and more lick .
0	now , i feel sick , because this feel like a really bad movie .
0	6 : can i be your boyfriend ?
0	you should have to tell her !
0	is looking him up on the internet to much ?
0	somebody i can trust and who trusts me , like best friends .
0	ask things that are conversational not just yes and no 's ... good luck
0	believe me it 's not worth it !
0	if you have n't experienced one you are missing out !
0	if you mean do i beleve in fate .
0	it 's good that you look around you .
0	it does matter , well it cant be tooo small ya know
0	making any ones life a hell on earth is just not worth the energy .
0	this may seem stupid but it worked for me .
0	it is not just a guy thing .
0	id say its because the guy would receive twice the loving .
0	this may seem stupid but it worked for me .
0	it is not just a guy thing .
0	id say its because the guy would receive twice the loving .
0	but keep in mind your robbing him of the bacholer party .
0	if he just wants to be friends keep the relationship on a friends level .
0	then just build off whatever she says .
0	depends are there childern envolved is ex still going to be around ?
0	why not try to spice it up with him .
0	if i were u i would move out .
0	so you are an ahole for not making her feel loved .
0	how about with the city of troy ?
0	why not try to spice it up with him .
0	if i were u i would move out .
0	so you are an ahole for not making her feel loved .
0	how about with the city of troy ?
0	just after it and thats it .
0	you better try your f % & $ ing danmdest ! ! !
0	try something new and if that dont work cheat on him
0	we are getting married next year !
0	its the same thing with my friend and i .
0	if u love him he will love you with all his heart
0	not only should you try and date her ! ! !
0	guys , just read this book ... ... do it
0	hey will you go out with me ! ! ! ! ! !
0	ab - so - lutely !
0	if u love him he will love you with all his heart
0	not only should you try and date her ! ! !
0	guys , just read this book ... ... do it
0	hey will you go out with me ! ! ! ! ! !
0	depends on if it 's jail bait or not .
0	since when is it ok for anyone to cheat ?
0	theres to many material things out there to buy .
0	how i can get her to really have a good time in sex .
0	well of cource it 's ok if you love them .
0	i want a good girl , you want a good guy .
0	so if you give cash give $ 75 or $ 100 .
0	you need to bang her , screw him , itll be worth it ...
0	i love him a lot yet question if i am in love with him .
0	all above only in the first meet then step by step u can increase
0	nice guys are n't always super good looking , or gay !
0	and exactly what is ghetto to you !
0	not quite sure , but neways ... .it is
0	nah ... you just need a girlfriend .
0	so i would advice you to stick with those that write you .
0	if she 's not impressed then she 's probably not right for you anyway .
0	you need a girl to help ya and im one .
0	do n't worry about it first off .
0	right he needs a friend not a lover .
0	well get her something you know she will like .
0	it means he doesnt like you
0	if he likes you he 'll work with your circumstances ...
0	you 'll find it was worth the wait .
0	i bet there is not any gift better than love
0	i dont know anywhere to go other than the movies !
0	the queen of the damned soundtrack
0	what the heck do you mean by that ?
0	( if she is in a relationship , stop .
0	they say how much money you have and such .
0	and he could be a kid thats 15 years old with a deep voice .
0	sure.why not ? if they are of same mental appraoch towarsd life
0	he saw a surround sound yeaterday and it was like $ 100 bucks .
0	day bay day u will get feelings
0	wants to sleep with you or maybe she doesnt
0	the same thing happens to me .
0	if she says that she 's bad ask her what 's wrong .
0	just go up and ask her .
0	guy cheats on girl to get what other girl has .
0	tell her to take a hike .
0	you dump him and he comes backthen keep him .
0	you need to find new friends buddy ...
0	after you give brith to a child you love it .
0	before all that buy a a few condoms .
0	he told her he love her and he wants more then friends .
0	it probly looks better ( i dont spell check )
0	most likely , he will only dump you again
0	that seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully .
0	most likely , he will only dump you again
0	that seems like he is either a pleaser or you are a bully .
0	girl i 'm in the same boat .
0	i want u ; ) my mail is hussienothman @ hotmail.com add me
0	not unless you really start having a intrest in the guy/girl !
0	show her your real self and never lie .
0	there is no time to waste with people who do not care about you .
0	if it is the truth , then reveal it !
0	let him go and do both of you a favor .
0	uuum whisper in his ear ... it depends on who the guy is .
0	you know they say you got have friends before lovers maye it a good thing
0	ask him to use his credit cards..
0	more you look ; less mistakes you make .
0	if not , do not change yourself for her !
0	if she likes you it is just fine
0	like you would approach a friend you already know .
0	they are probably thinking of pornstars anyway !
0	when he said just kidding he really meant do n't get mad
0	love is just a funny thing sometimes .
0	your funny and good looking , right ?
0	can you please clarify - why is it harder ?
0	if she says its just not then let it end at that .
0	you just have to find them .
0	just keep looking till something clicks .
0	well i say just ignore them and do what you want .
0	.. you 'll find out after .. happy hunting : )
0	i dont know i m virgin .
0	i do n't want someone that may kill over the next day .
0	beware of the prison hook ups .
0	at least not with any girls that i respect .
0	if he still makes up excuses .
0	dont delay - because there may be others waiting !
0	ask your mind then your heart
0	there and many fish in the ocen
0	does he want me back or does he just hate me that much ?
0	may b they do but there scared 2 talk 2 u just b urself
0	and what kind of 'best friend ' would use you like that ?
0	oh , and myspace.com is a free one
0	you cant love somebody you dont know .
0	do n't get married again wait like 5 years .
0	if things go well , ( you will know ) .
0	he can get in really bad trouble .
0	actually , 3 hours would not even be enough for me .
0	ll and his lips ... ..now that 's a man !
0	ask her to see your husbands baby pictures and learn about the family .
0	you ca n't make him , he has to want to .
0	send a pic ... show urself up ... talk to him
0	if you just love him because you want an older man , yes .
0	you have to really work past it if you love the person .
0	well if your on tv or movies i will love you forever
0	men who cheat do not love their wives .
0	sounds like to me you got a little situation here .
0	if you want a dumbed-down version ...
0	2 parents are better than 1 , no matter what anybody says .
0	do n't beat yourself up over it if its not meant to be .
0	get out go date , enjoy ya life have fun !
0	buy a strap on , not as good but hey .
0	no cheating is cheating much like rape is rape .
0	i 'm lookin for the answer myself
0	just wait and see - not bother much .
0	i like this girl from church .
0	what the hell should i do now ?
0	if you have to ask then chances are it is probably just a game .
0	well , you can be nice to her to start with .
0	just wait and see - not bother much .
0	i like this girl from church .
0	what the hell should i do now ?
0	if you have to ask then chances are it is probably just a game .
0	well , you can be nice to her to start with .
0	actually , ask him what he likes and go from there !
0	you think what is she doin ?
0	i told him i had a secret that he couldnt tell anybody .
0	im sry but age will always be an isue .
0	if you cant stop thinking bout he/she.if ur intimidated by him/her .
0	that sounds pretty screwed up right there .
0	he cant possibley care that much if he is indeed cheating .
0	lets keep a secret as secret .
0	girls want rough guys with lots of testosterone .
0	anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes
0	he cant possibley care that much if he is indeed cheating .
0	lets keep a secret as secret .
0	girls want rough guys with lots of testosterone .
0	anywhere from 5 to 45 minutes
0	us guys always wonder what is wrong with some of you women .
0	she is married & has a child !
0	so why do you guys think this happens ?
0	or the age difference , although that is n't really that much .
0	i dont know , wwell find it some kind of way .
0	i need like revenge or something any ideas ?
0	but some have messed up teeth .
0	hmm , how about are you a virgin ?
0	my hubby is rude to me too .
0	and oh , by the way , will you marry me ?
0	if it were just us guys i would n't even think of mentioning it .
0	if you do n't love , you do n't have friends .
0	be yourself , if your funny then make a girl smile .
0	talk to him first dont wait .
0	sorry to hear that that sucks big time but i agree with everyne in here
0	to me age is just a number !
0	and he just does n't want me anymore and has a girlfriend now .
0	go to church and pray ... no joke it works..happened to me
0	get over it and move on
0	next time you see him , go up and talk about life .
0	thats a hard one but try to do something special for him for christmas
0	the worst she could say is no ...
0	of course , though , it depends on what kind of girl it is .
0	to find out , go to chat.yahoo.com
0	and u have someone by ur side all the time
0	is there a baby already pending ?
0	money and intelligence with one you could get the other
0	two months is nothing.. dont stall it , just break up with the guy !
0	im scared of games , my wife was my best friend
0	do n't put your life on hold .
0	i went to my gyn and everything came out ok .
0	yes you should love that person
0	anything except making him fuck you .
0	maybe he might just want to be friends .
0	one other thing that popped into my head .
0	in heaven , so keep praying so you can get there and meet them !
0	they want what your lady friend has : you .
0	nothing , its not your place to tell him .
0	and come up with positive answers instead .
0	a girl friend is a girlfriend !
0	be nice to her and looks always seem to do the trick too .
0	if you are confortable and your mate is , than who cares ?
0	does he have a fave sports team ?
0	go out and meet new people .
0	why do n't you try someone who love you too ?
0	if he spends his weekends with you .
0	you need to learn to love yourself befor any one else ever does
0	because they think with the wrong head ... ... ... ... .
0	no , men are always capable , nothing a little viagra cant help
0	why do n't you try someone who love you too ?
0	you need to learn to love yourself befor any one else ever does
0	because they think with the wrong head ... ... ... ... .
0	no , men are always capable , nothing a little viagra cant help
0	now that is just common sense ...
0	omg i would sooo go with chris brown cuz he is sooo hott !
0	but i just cant help it .
0	mone on and find some one new .
0	tell him hes sexy and tell him how u feel about him .
0	i 'm a total sucker for women with an accent ...
0	please anser because i need to know
0	hit me back and let me know
0	it probably runs in their family
0	note : do n't go for the cheap ones , they 're unrelieable ...
0	when he gets home it 's the first thing he does .
0	im certain that the other person feels the same way but !
0	then you say , honey , did you see the ice ?
0	once a cheater , always a cheater .
0	it just means that he does want a girlfriend right now do n't overanalyse .
0	now i remember why i hate you ! '
0	you could probably find someone on myspace or tagworld
0	even getting a phone call is no assuance they are real .
0	well how old are you and if he doesnt notice girls he migth be gay
0	all the answers u get may be just an advice .
0	mabey you need some time apart .
0	especially when we start talking all cutesy ?
0	when u say no that means no !
0	or better try impressing her friend
0	i mean he plays between 20-30 hours a week .
0	cause i got it , but you ca n't have any !
0	and also ask why u did not feel love towards her b4 .
0	well first off , most of the richest men only care about their money .
0	brother i 'm just being for real !
0	tell her directly ... cuz breaking up never wait a while
0	got to find out this kinda stuff before you get married forever
0	to rub her nose in it ?
0	to keep it short , move on and do not come back to him .
0	if you were told that by a woman : it probably means no .
0	this makes me go gaga over chicks .
0	he 's my man thats all i need .
0	um , heh , red light district , bring condoms
0	doesnt matter the age difference as long as you get along and love eachother
0	or easier perhaps , if u can actually see the person ( e.g .
0	keep that as a want or a fantasy .
0	but , is it really true love ?
0	you people on here are so incredibly illiterate ! !
0	we are going through some of the same s !
0	trust me if you are whats up the chickens will come
0	flirt with him so he gets the idea
0	if you just want a girlfriend or sex , move on .
0	i think 16 is a good age to start
0	it depends how he physically feels in his mind
0	does he really even make you happy ?
0	so yes , i believe they can last !
0	also try not to be fat
0	a cd ... come on you can scrape up tax , right ?
0	some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older then themeselves .
0	approximently what am i looking at here in price
0	if you want freedom why did you get married .
0	also try not to be fat
0	a cd ... come on you can scrape up tax , right ?
0	some girls marry/ love boys 10 years older then themeselves .
0	approximently what am i looking at here in price
0	if you want freedom why did you get married .
0	i think she will go out with you ...
0	i really do n't care what other people think .
0	average looking well figured lady are the best
0	you look nice ... and see where the conversation leads .
0	if he digs you then there should be no problem .
0	5 : are you looking for a boyfriend ?
0	you do n't need a boy to make you happy .
0	i have read so many what should i do ?
0	toby mcguire , bill murray , or george clooney yes , i said bill murray
0	it all depends on the girl or the guy .
0	do i give him a li ' l hug ?
0	45 seconds may be just fine for one couple and another may need hours ...
0	hey your husband and i both ca n't see you .
0	yes if your son is 21
0	id someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
0	hi i personly go for the guys that flirt and arent shy !
0	hey your husband and i both ca n't see you .
0	yes if your son is 21
0	id someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
0	hi i personly go for the guys that flirt and arent shy !
0	because they are full of shit ... . he has a bad soul .
0	( very important to make her curious ! )
0	i guess , both situations are mutually exclusive !
0	if so then tell him that fair is fair .
0	it means that he 's not ready to get in a relationship right now .
0	i like my women a little on the trashy side..but clean ... lol
0	man id say , wait at home and so youd have nothing to loose..
0	this is the type of thing i would tell my younger sister .
0	if she does n't even like u , well then u 're history .
0	it means that he 's not ready to get in a relationship right now .
0	i like my women a little on the trashy side..but clean ... lol
0	man id say , wait at home and so youd have nothing to loose..
0	this is the type of thing i would tell my younger sister .
0	if she does n't even like u , well then u 're history .
0	i dont know are you ever rude to him ?
0	and then take a public speaking course .
0	but not how they die or at who 's hands ( if any ) .
0	u might just like both thats ok
0	stay busy , and most important love yourself first ! !
0	how about dinner and a movie ?
0	and i 've got better than that .
0	of course they should be married first .
0	that 's it you have got your mail back .
0	if no then you didnt need him no way .
0	and i agree with the other guy pics help
0	call to say she misses you ?
0	masterb*tion..it is sex with someone i love .
0	hello again , please wear less clothing .
0	she is stupied like other girls ... .
0	getting an std , aids , or pregnant is n't worth the risk .
0	hello again , please wear less clothing .
0	she is stupied like other girls ... .
0	getting an std , aids , or pregnant is n't worth the risk .
0	: ) ( if you can get her address . )
0	ofcourse yahoo is gr8 try it it is cheap and goooooooooooood
0	other guys would n't lie about a thing like that .
0	you have standards and you should wait until you find someone you love .
0	try new things , switch it up !
0	when you already have answer to that question..then make your move .
0	this one will get you major points with her ! ! ! !
0	just do n't give it away though .
0	dont lead him on , that will hurt him worse .
0	i love him ... am i crazy ? ?
0	ask him to help u undress.hint : wear a lot of clothes .
0	no , if you dont want him frenchin you its your decision
0	chatted with you on yahoo im ...
0	you definitely have some issues with the male gender
0	i am hoping it is not because of the friends i hang out with .
0	*t but my answer is this you left him for a reason .
0	take ur bf to a cheap motel .
0	and they take responsiblity for all there action than they are old enough
0	i wan na have boyfriend so bad !
0	your madre ( you cant come back from that )
0	mabey he thinks you want nothing to do w/ him .
0	if it is a guy like you , more power to ya .
0	or am i faking that i know anything about faking .
0	do n't worry about things like that .
0	reality , it takes a lot of work though to get one , lol
0	what do i do to find somebody ?
0	so bad that he was saying some pretty mean and hateful things .
0	do n't ask why- it just happens that way .
0	i have been with this guy since may ...
0	get another girl to hang all over you in front of her .
0	try the highschool lol well you asked
0	nothing we just want to know things ! !
0	just do n't let him bully you around .
0	when you get married you should cling to your wife and noone else .
0	do n't let her off the hook easy .
0	keep her gifting her as and whenever u feel .
0	so your postin a message so obviously you think you got ta chance !
0	date her if you want to .
0	which means she only had one guy and none for years already .
0	i am 21 and i am the most mature person i even know .
0	a qustion for u , are u a homosexual ?
0	i guess , if u keep chasing the feeling u 'd get hooked .
0	if your a boy you like boys a lot ?
0	at last both of them will finger at you .
0	if you like her go and just be natural .
0	they are human beings just like you .
0	he could have one and not know it !
0	as a former cheater i did it for the sexual pleasure only !
0	she will in return ... be optimistic !
0	you should start watching out for her .
0	now i am a guy and i am talking about faking it .
0	i like ppl who love god ...
0	then got lonely and hated it .
0	first kiss ... somewhere special that you 'll both remember .
0	i met my bf online , he lived about 5 hours away from me .
0	meet him and see if you get disappointed
0	it 's not such complicated that other contries think
0	but you can lay in bed and think about her .
0	there 's things that guys fantasize about , and then there 's reality .
0	just talk about other guys like he talks about girls .
0	trust me honey , you have plenty of time for all of that stuff .
0	do i make a secret public ?
0	i live in santa monica , california .
0	if you are talking about guys , you havent found the right one .
0	i mean thats virtually up to you to decifer and your parents .
0	try going to the local church
0	punch some dude in the face
0	because they do n't want a realtionship with you .
0	i feel normal and it 's ok that i 'm gay .
0	no i hate them i wish theyed all die ! ! ! !
0	do n't ever regret anything you do .
0	she also thinks she is bieng cute .
0	it 's just like myralys said , you just know .
0	but once back together the lies and porn will start back .
0	always be busy even when i am not .
0	if he slept with someone else - do n't give him a chance .
0	not excatly but always be cautious
0	he 'd say it was just entertainment for him..yea right .
0	dont waste your short life like a ping pong game .
0	if you really want out.. get out .
0	is it really other men you want ?
0	a nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
0	you are only a kid once in your life .
0	you should kiss your guy when you think is the right time .
0	and that is the way they feel about you too .
0	is it really other men you want ?
0	a nice loving guy that loves you for who you are
0	you are only a kid once in your life .
0	you should kiss your guy when you think is the right time .
0	and that is the way they feel about you too .
0	ask him out first , of course
0	... ... .which do you think is worst ?
0	plus , the first nut is gon na be the fastest .
0	the sex will be mind blowing .
0	much as if a person lies once they will probably lie again .
0	either that , or wait for some girl to ask you out .
0	tell her exactly what you posted up there .
0	or do i sound to pathetic ?
0	because some times it just feels good to let out emotions
0	jump off a bridge in front of her just kidding
0	once in friend land , you aint getting out .
0	i am happy being me and you should be happy too .
0	it must have been pretty bad .
0	if he calls you just to say hi and buys you surprises .
0	especially the nice ones who are n't picky about features ? ! ?
0	if she isnt willing back off !
0	well it depends on what kind of women you want man
0	tell her what you feel , give her a shock ... ... check out !
0	especially the nice ones who are n't picky about features ? ! ?
0	if she isnt willing back off !
0	well it depends on what kind of women you want man
0	tell her what you feel , give her a shock ... ... check out !
0	it is more noticeable on your left hand than you right
0	yeah , me ... big legs , and big thighs ... .hehe
0	at 7/11 you do n't have to ask .
0	with a name like mr. big dick price should not matter
0	2 : how many relationships have you been in ?
0	hope this helps in some way or other .
0	he says he is not cheap .
0	do not cheat , never ruin a good thing .
0	be polite and dont be vulgar most women dont like that .
0	i want to wear something nice so that i look great but not sexy .
0	it 's just going to make both of your lives miserable .
0	run like hell is after you , young ' n .
0	on the other hand what right has any married man have with a mistress ?
0	depends on what you mean by online relationship .
0	it 's just going to make both of your lives miserable .
0	run like hell is after you , young ' n .
0	on the other hand what right has any married man have with a mistress ?
0	depends on what you mean by online relationship .
0	overt revenge is stupid , and puts you in jeopardy .
0	nobody is too good to be true .
0	try and join him in playing .
0	belive in ur mind then follow ur heart
0	i feel really bad because his looks are really bothering me .
0	if that does n't convince him , he 's not worth it anyway .
0	bad or good ... .your stuck with it !
0	just a guess on that last part .
0	oh honey -- you better believe there are plenty of good people out there .
0	good luck it can be done !
0	i got ta tell ya , you sound like a fun date !
0	just a guess on that last part .
0	oh honey -- you better believe there are plenty of good people out there .
0	good luck it can be done !
0	i got ta tell ya , you sound like a fun date !
0	just as i said ... .my ex .
0	do n't go overboard trying to be her friend .
0	no way..how bout u meet him after skool ... .
0	get a new guy , or if not try to wear highheels around him
0	only if you let it go past flirting
0	that does n't make it right though .
0	it 's just chemicals in your brain , baby !
0	if you want a girl , do n't ever be her friend .
0	enjoy being a kid while you can !
0	you must be not so pretty
0	on the posative side i learned alot .
0	if you act like a cocky little moron , we 'll know that too .
0	give him a time for the stuffs he is doing .
0	also is it right 4 me 2 have sex ?
0	we talk everynight ... and i cant even deny it .
0	if yes , means she is ok for been as she is now .
0	so i have no idea what to buy him .
0	how rude and not to mention creepy .
0	theres no going back.but yeah you got ta be wet .
0	i 'd say just be nice and compliment her and that 'll go well .
0	it lists what your looking for
0	and , you 're still dating this jerk ? ?
0	and , i 'm going out with another guy .
0	shop at walmart on a sunday
0	he should be appreciative of socks and undies- but c'mon- who really ever is ?
0	he 's telling people lies about me .
0	u cant make him truely love u that takes toime and compatability and his decision
0	ya , if girls do what they say !
0	just looking for all answers so no more extra info as of yet .
0	i broke up with someone recently and he 's not taking it well .
0	maybe cuz its aligned with your heart
0	if hes cheating and your cheating its not worth it .
0	in todays world we have things that can kill you like h.i.v .
0	wait , wait and wait , but not for too loong.. e.g .
0	it 's probably more like $ 70 per person now .
0	if she goes 2 starbucks 10 to 1 shes to old 4 u
0	because the looks are n't there forever and then what have you got ? ?
0	most likely she 'll get the hint that you like her .
0	or you could pretend you were giving out surveys : excuse me .
0	first , if he 's cheating dump him .
0	slow ride by foghat big 10 inch by aerosmith slide it in by whitesnake
0	i think its nice to have some one perky
0	well , if u can get it corrected get it done .
0	easy , train yourself to want the girl that you can get .
0	i guess that just means he doesnt no .
0	a girl to bring home and one that can turn it up when she wants
0	excellent sex , but lack of trust because of insecurities .
0	if she does not like you move on .
0	but it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
0	walk up and whip it out ?
0	his and the girls maturity level .
0	but it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
0	walk up and whip it out ?
0	his and the girls maturity level .
0	for me things are going pretty well .
0	but is it just because he 's nice ?
0	you only think they are nice .
0	hey man it 's no secret ! have u ever heard opposites attrack ?
0	give her the cute puppydog look they cant refuse and see what happens .
0	at that age the boys are pretty eager to get laid anyway .
0	if that does n't work , get them really drunk .
0	my husband thinks that i am !
0	a transvestite either by default or by cross dressing
0	but good people are out there .
0	you ask him to do something that guys hate doing , and he says yes
0	are you comparing your stats with the 'average ' ?
0	but that 's the key- you got ta get one first .
0	kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
0	just make sure you dont do it when she is with her friends .
0	are you comparing your stats with the 'average ' ?
0	but that 's the key- you got ta get one first .
0	kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
0	just make sure you dont do it when she is with her friends .
0	i have a weakness for goth girls !
0	is there really , cos i ever felt .
0	lets hope u meet the one who loves u soon ! !
0	send a copy to her parents and you score x 2
0	we need more men like biglips.. out there .
0	etc make guys think real hard ' n almost got nerveous .
0	nothing , because she is your ex .
0	check out tony robbins new dvd about relationships ! ! !
0	it is ok to be gay .
0	you should tell her your feelings
0	just ignore her and get on with your life .
0	hire a blond maid to do the work for your wife .
0	just give it a little time .
0	i think to much tiime past
0	say it with your eyes , jestures and smile a lot
0	tell him to back up off your girl ! !
0	but 4 mo ai n't that long focus on the helping more than they loving
0	reason : ya got ta fit well together , right ?
0	dating , you mean like movies and that ?
0	in short u need to grow up and be a adult ... .
0	hey , that dress is becoming on you .
0	but he also wants me to find the girl !
0	be completely honest and then stay away ... .
0	stop taking bath and using ur deodrant ; )
0	helped me seperate myself from all this kind of garbage !
0	it is defenatly husband and wife .
0	just make sure its not illegel
0	that they are the ones that make waking up every moment a reason .
0	the best way to apporoach a woman is be yourself .
0	but you do n't actually do it ... .does that make you violent ?
0	if you are on the floor then you are a mat , huh ?
0	the best way to apporoach a woman is be yourself .
0	but you do n't actually do it ... .does that make you violent ?
0	if you are on the floor then you are a mat , huh ?
0	, this is the best question
0	be honest ... girls think its cute when guys are shy .
0	1 ) do n't use ur tongue in kissing her .
0	, this is the best question
0	be honest ... girls think its cute when guys are shy .
0	1 ) do n't use ur tongue in kissing her .
0	that 's the best i could really come up with.. good-luck !
0	its his lack of self confidence .
0	so there is a very fine line between love and hate for real .
0	if that does n't work , get with me : )
0	guys like nice watches , pocketknives and gadgets .
0	its up to both of you .
0	ask her what she likes best and surprise her wit sumthin new
0	he will do it again , scumbags always do ...
0	anybody know how to go about it ?
0	( both are madly in love w/ eachother . )
0	and if she doesnt believe you she wont about anything.talk to her in person .
0	theres more fighting and killings because religions .
0	i can do anything for my family .
0	the same reason girls dont ask !
0	act like u care about wat he says .
0	and if she doesnt believe you she wont about anything.talk to her in person .
0	theres more fighting and killings because religions .
0	i can do anything for my family .
0	the same reason girls dont ask !
0	act like u care about wat he says .
0	durex brand of condoms r the world 's best
0	get her a single red rose she will love it !
0	oh and now i play the game more often , lol ! !
0	sure i 'll go for ya domepeice7 @ yahoo.com
0	of course , if i was on you i 'd be coming too !
0	and they have been together longer than any of my straight friends have .
0	i think so , especially because she might have std 's .
0	do all what she says till ur purse is empty
0	probally because we 've all been single and liked it for awhile .
0	you must think and decide , what is the advantage and the minus !
0	40 ... have you seen the movie 40 year old virgin ?
0	i would give her a thankyou card , then move on with my life .
0	am i selfish to want my husband home ?
0	spray a little of your perfume on it .
0	i 'm got no experince i 'm looking for others to experience with romance
0	hi i am normal dude but i have a problem .
0	my mother in a good way
0	heck no once a cheater always a cheater
0	who could be sure that they would n't cheat again ?
0	um ... you 've been talking on the phone for a while .
0	i know someone out there can help .
0	does that mean that if im good at sex i cant be trusted ?
0	what should i do to get his attention ?
0	banging a 30 - 38 year old hot mom .
0	anyway , i hope things work out for you .
0	its kinda up to your parents .
0	u just have to trust her then respect .
0	guys usually do n't care , not men .
0	so , what makes guys like me any different , you ask ?
0	i do n't think it is fate .
0	you 're finding the wrong kinda guys .
0	but thinking of relation with stranger is not gud
0	you have sex with your girlfriend .
0	love is just being in their presences makes you happy .
0	i asked him and he said that it is just fun .
0	has she hinted on anything at the mall or something like that ?
0	i see no reason go , have fun- just make sure you are protected
0	- *what you talking about : ... stereo type ? -huh ?
0	hell pays you back 3 fold later .
0	and i just think men do n't care ?
0	i suspect that she and her lover broke up , but i never asked .
0	yes him ask to marry you and no not wedding ring
0	but both sides have their up 's and down 's .
0	offer yourself to him for free .
0	did i mention lots of good sex .
0	i think u should take more time to research about what makes men tick .
0	if you have to ask this question this is the best answer you should get
0	offer yourself to him for free .
0	did i mention lots of good sex .
0	i think u should take more time to research about what makes men tick .
0	if you have to ask this question this is the best answer you should get
0	had sex with my xs mom and her at the same time
0	do n't know if that 'll help at all .
0	some people just do n't talk alot .
0	no matter what happens she is to busy tired .
0	1 : what do you look for in a relationship ?
0	maybe you need to spice it up ?
0	i do n't think it 's right , but it 's the truth ! !
0	is it just me or is her answer telling you it 's o.k .
0	remember what 's good about you keep yourself busy and give yourself time hang on
0	it is a film and also a story
0	then go back to being funny , stern , enigmatic .
0	will you please please give me a chance ?
0	a lot go to waste everyday .
0	we just pretend to be that way to be polite .
0	what ever you do , do n't yell !
0	even girls would want a little shyness from their guys .
0	my honest , straight from the hip answer is , no !
0	` coz that ` s the best way to let emotions come out .
0	if sex is involved , then all he wants from you is that .
0	girl , its not you , its his thinking is off .
0	im a guy ; i know all about it , trust me .
0	no because they would n't be able to get the internet down there .
0	then buy some chocolate for her .
0	do n't give them any cheesy pick up lines .
0	i 've been seen my girl in my life .
0	edit : did n't john hinkley have some of fixation with jodi foster ?
0	no i am not cheating if you wan na know .
0	tell her you 're an axe murderer
0	the one you get from someone you love
0	tell him the truth with raised head
0	and give love marks ... ... ... .. we just love it
0	tell him the truth with raised head
0	and give love marks ... ... ... .. we just love it
0	over a man that i thought she should n't date !
0	i love my family very much .
0	how about just a half day ?
0	when ever your ready , its all about time .
0	and , no -- - i do not work for them !
0	best way to attract da ladies .
0	write them a note and put it in there locker
0	get in bed and stick his penis in ur virgina and lose ur virginity !
0	only if you 're ugly does a man want to be your friend .
0	best of luck and have fun !
0	ur thinkin about love , love 's thinking about you .
0	follow nike 's motto - just do it !
0	i call it the i love you if .
0	make it unforgettable… i got a big bag of rose petals .
0	is she someone you work with ?
0	think deep ya 'll ... lol ... this is a good one , huh ?
0	because i want them to be
0	not if you dont want to have sex .
0	everytime u go home with a new porn u will be more excited than anything
0	im sorry , they are all gay .
0	girls do n't want to die , but guys only care about getting off .
0	yes sir , your barking on the wrong tree .
0	yes sir , your barking on the wrong tree .
0	* because most of the girls do n't give a fuck for their boys .
0	i dont know , i want to ask the same question
0	lust in the heart is cheating
0	when in doubt , ask what she likes best .
0	first , either your friends are not writing you or you dont write them .
0	it 's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them .
0	u r 2 old to have ur first date
0	mabye he will ask you out
0	when in doubt , ask what she likes best .
0	first , either your friends are not writing you or you dont write them .
0	it 's easier to get younger girls to have sex with them .
0	u r 2 old to have ur first date
0	mabye he will ask you out
0	14-17 , u guys are such pussies , oooohh before marriage sex ! !
0	because that is their nature answ3r3r
0	if not you only wasted a little time .
0	first take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental .
0	14-17 , u guys are such pussies , oooohh before marriage sex ! !
0	because that is their nature answ3r3r
0	if not you only wasted a little time .
0	first take it slow and passionate and then do it hard but gental .
0	be lying naked on her bed holding a rose in your teeth
0	no offence to that girl but i have one word sl*t !
0	how to pick up a girl at work ?
0	let me know how that works out for ya .
0	girl you should tell someone for they get hurt
0	how to pick up a girl at work ?
0	let me know how that works out for ya .
0	girl you should tell someone for they get hurt
0	heck , like a guy with good teeth .
0	just do n't go solo , it makes the grrrs mad .
0	then why would he stay in just because you got mad .
0	i married someone i met online .
0	heck , like a guy with good teeth .
0	just do n't go solo , it makes the grrrs mad .
0	then why would he stay in just because you got mad .
0	i married someone i met online .
0	probably bc you like your choir director .
0	i feel 16 is a great age to start but thats just me .
0	yes i wouldnt date a 11 year old cuz i am 15
0	and also think of having a baby of your own child/children someday !
0	so thats when greed sets in .
0	high school is stupid , people can be mean .
0	if one hot girl is good , then two would be great .
0	now that is just 2 young where are her parents
0	do what is in your heart
0	high school is stupid , people can be mean .
0	if one hot girl is good , then two would be great .
0	now that is just 2 young where are her parents
0	do what is in your heart
0	with homosexual sex , it wo n't just work
0	this is the ex i found in bed with another girl .
0	it depends on the girl charcter
0	my friend has a horrible boyfriend..in my opinion ! ! ! ! !
0	but that shouldnt stop you from really enjoying it !
0	what women say have different meaning for them and for men
0	well i must say as a guy .
0	please do n't cheat on that man ! ! ! !
0	its all about me me me me me .
0	do it naked if you have to .
0	by walking ... thats usually how people approach anything : )
0	trust me abbyrae , they are not : - ) ; - )
0	ok girls can change their voice to get what theywant .
0	life is what you make of it no matter how old you are .
0	cheating does n't solve anything but lust !
0	i think when it 's time comes.that can come anytime.so i am waiting
0	i do n't of another man when i am out with my man .
0	then could i be faking it .
0	it doesnt sound like you really love either of them .
0	you should listen to your head , you 're obviously doubting .
0	if he ca n't respect that then that is to bad .
0	you feel it in your heart .
0	talk to your man about everything .
0	answers from females would be helpful
0	you should listen to your head , you 're obviously doubting .
0	if he ca n't respect that then that is to bad .
0	you feel it in your heart .
0	talk to your man about everything .
0	answers from females would be helpful
0	no it 's not wrong to love !
0	you just have to let time go by .
0	just ask her once why and if she doesnt say then leave it alone .
0	this only prooves that you do not truly love your boyfriend .
0	and theres to many diferent kinds of reigions .
0	do n't dwell on it and it wo n't be an issue .
0	face it you do n't have a marriage .
0	i still bleed after sex but at least i know there 's nothing wrong there
0	you preggo or him being mean ?
0	brains can give u good looks .
0	3 wrds to pronounce , dont speak english huh ?
0	where should i go from here ?
0	why dont you save the poor women and just get a divorce !
0	rockstars love drugs and strippers right ?
0	but im not.just think and try not to grow up too fast
0	i think you should dip his ass and leave him .
0	b'coz , u r stranger to her .
0	no they do n't , and do not read ladder theory .
0	a lot of guys are jerks because they are insecure .
0	give him a chance to grow up .
0	dont tell cuz if u do she might act or start doing dif..
0	what doesnt kill u only makes u stronger yep remember this
0	anyhow , best of luck to you !
0	i say both because a gurl loves pleasure n the size really does matter
0	actually silence does n't always mean the person is bored of you .
0	dont tell cuz if u do she might act or start doing dif..
0	what doesnt kill u only makes u stronger yep remember this
0	anyhow , best of luck to you !
0	actually silence does n't always mean the person is bored of you .
0	not to say that this is what is going on with your hubby ...
0	so i please request u to listen to ur heart .
0	basing on that , you know what to do .
0	here comes the clue train next stop is you les3nday ! !
0	if you truly love him , no .
0	i am straight but i have gay friends .
0	i certainly do not want kids at the mo .
0	telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful ... . start there
0	yes he is too old for you
0	i feel its to each his own .
0	i am straight but i have gay friends .
0	i certainly do not want kids at the mo .
0	telling her your name and telling her that she looks beautiful ... . start there
0	yes he is too old for you
0	i feel its to each his own .
0	but as for the guy wait .
0	ah , the old hump & dump .
0	ask ur heart it really tell u correct answer .
0	if you want some ideas , then we should talk !
0	but as for the guy wait .
0	i 'm going to lay it down like i see it though .
0	yes i would because this might stop his behavior
0	because theres no more good men they all died with my grandfather .
0	not sure what u mean by will i get him ? ? ?
0	but does n't mean it 's going to be easy .
0	just ask him what he wants .
0	alot of deep thinkin needeing to go on .
0	otherwise you should find a foreign bf !
0	try going to chat rooms under chat philippines ...
0	u should be pure before you are married
0	they 're beautiful , sexy , and great fun to be with .
0	do whatever he wants in bed .
0	but hey , whatever floats ur boat .
0	or good people dont exist anymore
0	for some yes and some no .
0	brains , looks are good but to get somewhere you need brains
0	see if he really likes you and then ask him out .
0	i am also going kinda of scared too .
0	but what that makes them different is their taktics ! ! ! !
0	do n't be stupid and enjoy the moment .
0	say hi , n introduce yourself ... then make conversation
0	i say if you like her ; then go for it .
0	its obvious that he just wanted your body .
0	but most of the time , i do n't at all .
0	not all guys want one thing some are true sweet hearts
0	i just want to be friends & nothing more .
0	so basically if that is what floats your boat than ride it girl ! !
0	some women do , and some men enjoy it also .
0	well married women should not have a boyfriends body to comment on !
0	next time he show signs that he might .
0	some women do , and some men enjoy it also .
0	well married women should not have a boyfriends body to comment on !
0	a friend , a lover , and their middle leg .
0	try thinking will i like her when you see a girl .
0	whatever you do do n't say it if you dont mean it .
0	throw her a suprise welcome back party !
0	it wud encourage homosexuality ... n that is certainly unnatural !
0	would be , odds are you can do better for less .
0	find what u like shemales bi-sexual whatever u feel good with .
0	i bet she is hot , too , like u !
0	so always try to look at things from every angle .
0	tell your ex_bf to get lost .
0	age is nothing but a number .
0	no way , what if u get cought ?
0	he 's just not that in to you .
0	too many bad boys out there .
0	: ) i am single and attractive but a tad bit sht at first .
0	to me it would be my wife !
0	i must side with getrd2go above ... married women with boyfriend ?
0	this is not having sex but your b.f. might like it enough to stay ...
0	and how can one get one ?
0	cause they want their girl/boyfriend to get near to their siblings
0	if all else fails - use your hands ! ! !
0	ll cool j definately ... . got ta love those lips lol
0	well to this day she is still talking about me !
0	because you love or care too much ...
0	no becuase once you get married you da n't have sex anymore .
0	do what feels right to you .
0	sure.at least shes experienced.but itll ruin your friendship prolly .
0	i need ideas on the best way to propose to her .
0	tell her that its gay and annoying .
0	older women like nice men , and younger women like jerks .
0	so , keep it new and interesting ! !
0	then maybe you 'll get some action !
0	do you have gay chat rooms for teenagers
0	and do n't lead her on afterwards .
0	shes going to feel like a piece of sh ! t .
0	i told her every thing clearly and she said she will think .
0	because most people make the mistake of just blurting it out .
0	when will men stop being such ... ... ... .
0	so have fun looking for the right woman .
0	its the god spot , its whats missing in lots of peoples lives
0	and i wanted to see who else is in love
0	well i guess because god made you that way .
0	do n't always smell like a guy .
0	do n't break up with him but dont call him ! ! ! !
0	females chimpanzees do not have orgasm .
0	= i 'd like to have sex with you .
0	i had a baby 6months ago .
0	for the simple reason that we , men , love you ladies .
0	you never said that you had everything and he had nothing .
0	there is no real good answer for this ? ?
0	its not like he is going anywhere .
0	i watch adult movies with my hubby .
0	men are kind of like dogs .
0	if he is serious after three months .
0	always back off if you hear these unfortunate words .
0	and he came and talked to me in both of my dreams .
0	i am a guy and i can honestly say , that porn is disgusting .
0	i mean , he is basically saying gosh it is tough being me .
0	you 're certainly attentive tonight = is sex all you ever think about ?
0	i had my heart broken once and i suffered alot .
0	run away screaming and waving your hands !
0	and believe me no guy wants someone that is really loose .
0	i read a lot and am not what you would call attractive at all .
0	but are you sexually attracted to women more than men .
0	the ones that do that , are totally not ok as human beings
0	no just learn from your mistake , but do n't hurt your girlfriend
0	a good spa days always nice .
0	a place where wan na be gangsta 's and rappers hang out
0	do you think she would leave her husband ?
0	just close your eyes and give it a go ... : - )
0	a necklace with a heart charm on it .
0	just let them hang out support your friend dont let it get to you .
0	let your best friend yvan tell him
0	even give them a little timer to watch .
0	tell her what she wants to hear .
0	but there guys and their usually hot .
0	who ever said yes is very wrong that is a no no
0	she will understand then if she is she will open up to u. no worries
0	yes , if they really have a true love .
0	yes , but it will hurt you , so pick one !
0	once i found out for sure i told him and he proposed .
0	would n't you say that you are attracted to him , like him ... ?
0	keep it on a do n't ask do n't tell policy .
0	the best thing would be to ask , what 's wrong ?
0	i think you might just love what your not getting .
0	christmas is not about gift giving .
0	my daughter still talks about how he treated me .
0	mean but if she is cheating on you she diserves it !
0	need to decide who 's more important , ur boyfriend or ur friend/roommate..
0	men either do or they do n't .
0	or is she not telling u because that something could harm u .
0	one day , i 'm gon na leave you and guess what .
0	but if they do n't mind y should u .
0	i think its ugly and disgusting .
0	everyone has different ways of doing things .
0	well you can always learn more about them then do things they like .
0	please dont beat ... normally that makes things worse .
0	i have lots of great friends .
0	he knows hes not the father .
0	a woman 's most erogenous zone is her brain ! !
0	only she knows whats going on ... .so you have to talk to her .
0	because they r afraid of their own sexuality .
0	and they really do make her look fat , do n't say that .
0	smarts matter because laughter can only get you so far .
0	just ... . do n't kill her , that would be a bad idea .
0	but find out the age thing first/
0	a lady in the streets and a freck in the bed ! !
0	are you interested in this girl ? ?
0	meaning whats good to do on a date
0	not bad to love him , bad to wreck his home though .
0	dude ... whatever you do do n't give her a peom .
0	you should care but if she really loves you she would n't let you go
0	good luch with the great danes !
0	i do n't know , but if you find out let me know !
0	i keep going back and forth .
0	i would n't give it to her .
0	why on earth would any woman want that ? !
0	no matter how you say it , it 's going to hurt like hell .
0	as many times as you want .
0	means you need to follow your dreams !
0	your not only fooling them but most importantly your fooling yourself .
0	depends what your lubing..ky for sex or wd40 for other lubes
0	will ill let u go deeper
0	also girls do have alot more hormones than guys .
0	ask her out and see what she says .
0	how do i deal with this ?
0	btw i am not saying arts students are not decent .
0	yeah it depends on the guy and the girl .
0	do not comeout and say i want a divorce , that word is hostile .
0	if either boy did n't work out i always had the other one .
0	so u just need to wait onother one the same dream : d
0	we only heard of guys want to marry more then 1 gal .
0	pay her and go home to your wife
0	does he drool when he stares ?
0	like a dinner at her fav .
0	maybe he wants u to ask him out .
0	it would be alright for barbie ! ! !
0	then use that answer to base your next bit of chat on .
0	ask her or catch her in the crime
0	it was a very funny dream .
0	maybe he wants u to ask him out .
0	it would be alright for barbie ! ! !
0	ask her or catch her in the crime
0	it was a very funny dream .
0	i could have went the rest of my life without ever seeing her again .
0	i was asked out by this guy yesterday and i said yes .
0	= i 'd like to have sex with you .
0	how do i break up with the other guy without hurting his feelings ? ?
0	yes i houp you vill hapy new year
0	take him to small claims court
0	just try i mean if it 's big then ?
0	i hope your wife reads it online !
0	if she will not sign it tell her to hit the road .
0	i would just break up with her..thats messed up
0	but doesnt no that im going out with the other guy .
0	please - only swingers respond to this question ! !
0	you just got ta let things go once in a while .
0	sounds like you are in a casual relationship now .
0	pretty people can be very ugly !
0	try watching it with him , you might enjoy it too .
0	... and do women take this as a source of breast enlargement ?
0	we enjoy swinging but we are very strong and dedicated in our relationship .
0	and if thy shoot you down .
0	btw , i 've never kissed a guy ! ! ! !
0	only pigs actually enjoy havin sex 4 pleasure ... .
0	just say nice things about him or her .
0	so think about that before you start digging .
0	see if your guy friends have friends that are single .
0	just wondering and support ur answers ?
0	when you figure it out ... send me one
0	you dont it will cum to you . ]
0	yeah , go ahead i mean i do it all the time .
0	also be well mannered , be a gentlemen , chivalry is not dead yet !
0	i think dating older guys should not be a problem .
0	sometimes you get lucky and someone spills it .
0	ask yourself if you love men .
0	you get to know him , you get to know everything .
0	i cant stand looking at my reflection .
0	women : do u or would u and why ?
0	ask him and do the first move
0	that 's my two cents any way .
0	they are out there i promise !
0	how about , hey , i need more sex !
0	if anything 's wrong you can always make it a kind of a joke .
0	if no then your first time shouldnt be bad .
0	best of luck , ice princess p.s .
0	a straight female , openminded , a mother , sexually active , intelligent !
0	he wants u for sex and nothing else .
0	= i 'd like to have sex with you .
0	like : hi _______ did you see _______ on tv last night ?
0	if your askin this question then you need practice .
0	i look for a guy who is going to ...
0	they want to see her full lips on or around their !
0	and he always leaves without telling her .
0	or you can just ask him to be up front withyou !
0	dont make a big deal about it .
0	it 'll be hard to leave , but go now !
0	bcoz u dont have chance to love other guys girl friend .
0	so he would call me next and so on and so on .
0	you need to stay off that shit ! !
0	be confident in your self , but not self absorbed .
0	sounds like they 're busy with their own lives/friends/whatever .
0	i dont know what to tell you .
0	most of us are like this .
0	wy wife did the same thing .
0	( they will say it does n't matter but it does ! )
0	they have a list that may be helpful at weddingchannel.com
0	she says i want to have sex with you .
0	and i know all of st8 people who have had them too .
0	she says i want to have sex with you .
0	and i know all of st8 people who have had them too .
0	leave him and find a good guy .
0	6 months you should be pounding her but good because in 12 mo .
0	i have a alot of guy friends ! ! ! ! ! !
0	do u want 2 try to stop loving ?
0	either way she 's setting the pace .
0	some guys are different but i can only speak for myself .
0	remember that the cops wo n't be there 24/7 covering your backs .
0	by the way nosey family , welcome to outlaws i mean inlaws !
0	because if you get married he will not stop he will just hide it .
0	so like a horse cock transplant .
0	listen , can a leopard change it 's spot no !
0	just giver time and she will do it when she is comfortable .
0	maybe you should call and step up .
0	that 's so you know what to scream .
0	i would n't do it if i were you .
0	guys dont care , at least the ones that arent homos
0	luckily , i am not that shallow !
0	look him/her straight in the eye and say firmly , that is not nice .
0	i just find it extreemely unattractive .
0	i have dated someone i worked with and it is too ackward .
0	you wont know until you ask
0	when in doubt , whip it out : (
0	because y'all are more put together and clean looking .
0	show her what she 's missing out on .
0	sorry i gave you herpes is a good start .
0	if he got a girl ... let it go ...
0	but there are some good guys out there .
0	and thats what happened to myself .
0	yer co-worker.. one who 's up to a date as much as you are .
0	well honestly i think u should be 15
0	yeah but only the pictures of my boo..
0	they do n't they want a free ticket to the usa ...
0	if you do n't belive me talk to a mind expert .
0	well u really do n't know.u just feel that u r in love .
0	a vacation ... somewhere nice and romantic ... .you 'll be compensated : )
0	yep i 'm in love and would be forever .
0	if she likes movies , take her to a movie !
0	she is everything i want , no more , no less .
0	a post nup is after your married .
0	maybe if you ignore him once in a while , he might come around .
0	i dont think a women would date a gay man .
0	guys look at guys all the time , sizing each other up
0	a best friend is like a sister .
0	she 'll be all over you like stink on pooh !
0	even the virgins go down on guys
0	a best friend is like a sister .
0	she 'll be all over you like stink on pooh !
0	even the virgins go down on guys
0	get someone new , you deserve it .
0	we do n't always do our thinking with our brains .
0	she is n't a trophy , is she ?
0	only if that 's what she wants .
0	and i like kim chee and ka go ge .
0	i'ma go watch monty python and the holy grail .
0	hi sweety , well not all women do but i guess most do .
0	and he should tell her she 's sexi .
0	2. do you feel like y'all have known eachother 4ever ?
0	but not all men act like babies
0	he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
0	we like eachother but we can not go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
0	you 'll know in your heart , if it feels right .
0	but not all men act like babies
0	he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
0	we like eachother but we can not go on.but we are intrested in our s.e.x
0	you 'll know in your heart , if it feels right .
0	it doesnt matter if the girl admits if she likes u or not .
0	because yer all so good at it petal
0	i dont think he would ever be able to use it .
0	never settle for anything , always believe that tommorow is another day !
0	for a good relationship to work you need to b e honest
0	come on you can do better than that .
0	warning : do not try to fake an interest .
0	( as one of the other members said previously ) if she 's not .
0	yes , you should wear it on your penis
0	ok so , theres this guy that has a girlfriend .
0	you ca n't force her to do anything .
0	* dont try to look for him , he will come to you ! !
0	do n't take this literally this is just my opinion ... ... ..
0	your too big and it hurts , or the opposite .
0	shes prolyl playin hard to get .
0	because people are dumb and in love
0	so you let him to do whatever he wants .
0	if youve been together that long chances are mom probably has a good idea .
0	there 's plenty of fish in the sea .
0	i guess i see it differently .
0	a pet , a kid , a relationship .
0	2 skinny is not attractive but 2 thick is not good for me either .
0	see here is the deal- when men want you- they let you know .
0	you tell him/her that you love them , ( maybe ? )
0	it worked when a guy did it to me ! ! !
0	men give love to get sex .
0	y ca n't u have a fresh start for a new life ? !
0	and your question is not silly ?
0	there maybe lots of reasons why dad doesnt come home as often .
0	if yo do n't get it move on to another one .
0	talk to him honey my boy friend and i talk all the time
0	well you are stringing along three now why not keep it up .
0	and even try to meet up with him but bring some friends .
0	hi i am 46 yrs old male 5'8tall
0	thats the stupidest question i ever heard !
0	its only because of the thinking nothing else .
0	because your friend has a bigger brain then yours ! !
0	sounds to me like he 's trying to control you a little too much !
0	if you do n't , then do n't bother .
0	but use to it by now
0	it turns them on , they 're human beings ...
0	cuz you never know if the guy is lying .
0	i ca n't believe gals can be thhis sceptical .
0	it could be two things man .
0	if you are a girl , it is natural .
0	that 's funny , but i just delt with it .
0	he asks me who i was dating ( no one ) .
0	no strings attached is the best policy but you are a big girl .
0	maybe she 's seen you ogling at women with beautiful bodies
0	aslong as u get a number that means your doing good .
0	he do n't have much time to see you and he not working .
0	i work where there are more guys than gals .
0	not really ... maybe being really really really ridiculously wealthy as well ?
0	like at schol at games to watch on tv
0	and thanx for the answers u sent me .
0	i 'm 100 % sure she 'll love it : )
0	we will have been dating for at least 6 months on christmas day
0	ive had this problem before and i am married .
0	ah let 's see ... can women ? ?
0	i think you mean 'obsessed ' , right ?
0	a little bit of both wo n't hurt
0	but you should let your mother know ! ! !
0	i was with my lover !
0	by the way did i mention how close me and your boyfriend are !
0	us women r not mindreader like u guys are not .
0	but on average , most people have it once or twice a week .
0	he 's your best friend , he would understand .
0	i read the only answer and i think its the best answer
0	if she likes art , take her to a museum or gallery ... .
0	nobody is anybody 's until he or she is married .
0	lol that 's my advice.. : ) hope it helps !
0	porn is a relationship breaker not a helper !
0	once a cheater , always a cheater .
0	you just have n't earned it yet , baby .
0	yes some women dont like it .
0	do n't always dress like a guy .
0	thats good you have a high self esteem .
0	you 've got to show her you care .
0	i bet i found him at least five times .
0	well first of all ... what are your chances ?
0	i pray that you get well c.fluellen
0	you 've got to show her you care .
0	i bet i found him at least five times .
0	well first of all ... what are your chances ?
0	i pray that you get well c.fluellen
0	disapline take privlages away dont let them walk all over you .
0	it feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
0	the best you could come up with would be 'adulterer '
0	disapline take privlages away dont let them walk all over you .
0	it feels soo great but sometimes it hurts a lot
0	the best you could come up with would be 'adulterer '
0	if you were my grlfriend i 'd be worried !
0	honorable but would have to wonder when the red flag would pop up .
0	so yea should i tell her or juss leave it in the pass ?
0	some people just got it comin .
0	do men really think about sex that much more than women ?
0	but i would say tell her asap .
0	tell her and get it off your chest .
0	sounds like she might ... why dont you try talking to her ...
0	frankly speaking do girls dont like it ?
0	yeah espessilly if she is with her friends hanging out having fun .
0	no offense , it 's just cultural differences here .
0	what if he left his wife and family for you ?
0	if not..and they arent goin to marry you. , then no
0	maybe you should just let him smoke weed .
0	i ca n't find my puppy , can you help me find him ?
0	hot geek ... .but a nerd has no confidence therefore ... no can do !
0	he 's not only a creep , but he 's stupid too ...
0	if it 's a , then forget it , she 's psychotic once again .
0	a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
0	hot geek ... .but a nerd has no confidence therefore ... no can do !
0	he 's not only a creep , but he 's stupid too ...
0	a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
0	where you do n't care about flaws .
0	know that u have a friend in the u.s .
0	he did n't know it was me till i told him .
0	funny it used to be public but ...
0	do n't get in a rush about settling down .
0	thank god for us brave women .
0	: ) austin texas should be a good place .
0	i am wierd in this i think but hey its my $ .02
0	depends on the girl , of course .
0	they start at about 10 bucks .
0	a ) flirting , proving to himself that hes still desirable .
0	im a gothy/punk girl so i personally would not be caught dead like that .
0	go on line go to chat rooms then met her in person .
0	he wants to raise the baby as his own .
0	ask her why she does what she is doing .
0	but , i know someone back in my country .
0	it 's been misserable , but i stayed b/c i thought i had to .
0	tell your parents he 's a friend .
0	if you would n't do it then she should n't do it .
0	then think for what it is ?
0	but , i know someone back in my country .
0	it 's been misserable , but i stayed b/c i thought i had to .
0	tell your parents he 's a friend .
0	if you would n't do it then she should n't do it .
0	then think for what it is ?
0	i prefer well built and nice biceps
0	girls love that and more appreciate the directness ...
0	i prefer well built and nice biceps
0	girls love that and more appreciate the directness ...
0	because thats what you women are for : )
0	next time u see him wear a really short skirt with no panties .
0	hetfield said it do n't feel good until it hurts carpe ' diem
0	run , do n't walk and do n't look back ...
0	with a lot of teaching from you over many years .
0	36-24-36 use to be concidered perfect so yours is n't that far off .
0	being straight to the point may be tough but it gets the message out .
0	i dont have any enemy , so all are my friends
0	but i love both of them deeply
0	but a freak in the bed oh yeah !
0	let the guy say it to you first !
0	leave it alone , do n't rush things .
0	when she gives up the putang and then doesnt want to leave
0	you know you cant see your self with no one else but with him/her
0	i guess it would be on a black man , hahaha
0	come on girls u know u thats true ... ... ... .. ; )
0	describe your time in bed and see what you doing
0	i think at first i would be a little jealous .
0	when she acts nerves tell her lies of how much you know .
0	i always insisted that we were just friends .
0	and wait to see what he says .
0	learn not to speak like a guy .
0	alot of adults say oh kids dont know what love is
0	if your 15 and he is 17 thats ok .
0	dont beat yourself up about that .
0	i do n't know , but it 's fine with me : o
0	was married to a puerto rican-dominican , she was the hottest through personel experience
0	i ca n't think about any other girl .
0	give someone a second chance , but never a third chance .
0	just think if u really love him/her.take as much time as you wish .
0	at first i liked my girlfriend as a friend even though she loved me .
0	i guess it just turns them on .
0	besides your boyfriend is n't your boyfriend for a reason right ?
0	tell first one that something came up , and you ca n't go .
0	lend them money or date them .
0	c if you can keep up with us !
0	no girls like emo boys not gay boys theres a tiny diffrerence
0	thats the stupidest question ive ever heard .
0	that puts even more stress on me ! ! !
0	no , not if your ugly , yes if ur hot
0	maybe some sex but thats it .
0	see what kinds excuse he comes up with .
0	the hard truth is you ca n't .
0	no u may be lettin the man/girl of ur life go
0	if it was me you were dreaming of .
0	if you love her , get help .
0	because thats what it consists of .
0	usually they will tell on themselves .
0	ask her to go for a coffee or something .
0	if you have to ask , you do n't .
0	i think it depends on what the girl likes ...
0	i would say do n't do it .
0	and i do n't want to loose him .
0	women do things like think about suicide when they ca n't get over someone
0	be gentle man.speak about nice things : p
0	how can i get him to stop ?
0	he either feels the same or he do n't .
0	im a scifi/anime nerd so now you know why i ask
0	can i get some guys ' perspective too ?
0	so what kind of flowers do you like ?
0	if they ask why then just tell him y
0	take him to your local church
0	why do you even ask this question ?
0	talk to your mom and dad
0	good luck trying to find your best answer ! !
0	best of luck trying to find your right answer , ice princess p.s .
0	do n't give up , you 'll find them .
0	how does one act like as if he was in love ? ? ?
0	b ) enjoy the flirting but dont have too many expectations .
0	poem is nice , but telling straight to her is more manly .
0	try to spice things up a bit .
0	b ) enjoy the flirting but dont have too many expectations .
0	punch him in the face an ' knock him out
0	poem is nice , but telling straight to her is more manly .
0	u guys know any websites that can give me info .
0	because the movies are just awesome lol .
0	good luck ... ... .i so hope it all works out for you .
0	talk to the person over the phone .
0	if she loves you she will stay .
0	you feel funny in your stomach
0	if you date others in the meantime thats ok too .
0	no , because you are not to look for him .
0	u got to ask urself , have ever been like this before ?
0	do n't look elsewhere , this is actually pretty normal .
0	i have one but i love for it so doeas that count
0	i dont think you really can ...
0	it was just something you ate .
0	mmm ... yeah they are kinda sexy tho
0	comes up with notheing even though has two accounts with them .
0	fiance : a man engaged to be married
0	anyways one way or anthor your going to regret it .
0	and then deny me the talent ? ...
0	sounds like a crush to me .
0	i was shy and could n't do it half the time .
0	yes , u can still find someone in ur life .
0	the sooner you end it the better .
0	if he wo n't answer , then you should step and spy .
0	do not do the rebound relationship thing !
0	why in the hell am i asking so many damn questions ?
0	when he isnt online she wont stop saying how much she misses him .
0	do n't try to be someone who you are n't .
0	my answer is yes ... all women are sexy
0	and all he has to do is give you some pillow talk .
0	( even , just a daily phone call . )
0	she said that she wants to be friends .
0	seems like you not perform as good as those guys out there .
0	then decide , he just might suprise you .
0	i do n't cheat , i could n't cheat .
0	maybe because boys r one year behind in things like girl friend and boyfriends .
0	they think im their little angel .
0	3. is she close and ready to help u through any shituation ?
0	first off , you want a woman , not a girl .
0	i dont know how you would develop that nasty fetish ! !
0	if he loves you , keep him hard .
0	i am a white american guy..
0	stop typing and go holler at him !
0	you cant they are all taken .
0	do n't tell him you love him .
0	you could ... but if you are obsessed over him you should go seek therapy
0	yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
0	stop typing and go holler at him !
0	you cant they are all taken .
0	do n't tell him you love him .
0	you could ... but if you are obsessed over him you should go seek therapy
0	yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
0	so dear geeky girl , the answer is no .
0	they have been married for 38 years now .
0	leave him better 4 u dear searce 4 faithful , trustworthy
0	someone that is 10 years older .
0	get married right away and start having babies .
0	than he would call but not ask me out , just talk .
0	my boyfriend gets mad at me bc i dont call him .
0	if you are interested , ask him ...
0	ya you guys are gon na need some counciling .
0	so ask your self , can i do this ?
0	tell him its over but still do n't stop the sex .
0	exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
0	ya you guys are gon na need some counciling .
0	so ask your self , can i do this ?
0	tell him its over but still do n't stop the sex .
0	exactly the opposite of what men can give : )
0	move on and leave her behind .
0	i think it 's more of a commitment thing .
0	because , men do n't have the pain tolerance women do .
0	i f u like him too .
0	a gal i went to high school with had one .
0	why r u asking him to marry u ? ? ? ? ?
0	your not doing yourself any favors or her either .
0	but a nice outfit with jeans and shirt is nice .
0	im giving you back your question ...
0	see if it is in your address book .
0	why r u asking him to marry u ? ? ? ? ?
0	your not doing yourself any favors or her either .
0	but a nice outfit with jeans and shirt is nice .
0	im giving you back your question ...
0	see if it is in your address book .
0	i 've heard that some can be about 9 inches around ...
0	girls look better with long hair
0	shallow people are everywhere , not just gays .
0	an icecream ... enjoy it while u can
0	there are guys waiting for you .
0	women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
0	he 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
0	google cruzy and see what i mean .
0	an icecream ... enjoy it while u can
0	there are guys waiting for you .
0	women like their boyfriends to be fun and romanitce
0	he 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
0	google cruzy and see what i mean .
0	its ok if you wan na wait though im sure she wont mind .
0	do whatever u do to make her satisfied about u ... .and always say yes
0	give him ur body 4 5 minutes to do nething to .
0	my only problem was - why did i ever not do it sooner
0	they are hottie when they are short
0	now you will get the answer
0	or tell him to go to your friends house .
0	theres an emptiness in your life .
0	just keep going till your done .
0	no , dude , you get a nasal drip if you snort it .
0	slipknot sucks , korn is original and ok .
0	i also eiger to see the answers ...
0	try to pick ya game up a little bit if its costin ya !
0	hmm in a perfect world 3-4 times day..mmmm ca n't get enough
0	its not polite to cut anyone off period , its rude !
0	if you 're 8 its not ok .
0	your 21 so you how to attract a guy .
0	do you think you are good looking
0	or is that just how all guys are ?
0	all the dudes i know like them to .
0	as long as you know what you 're doing , it 's all good .
0	when girls fall in love , it 's the same as playing a doll .
0	i still want to be treated like a equal .
0	if they have been fighting a lot then maybe you should ask mom .
0	i dont get how that is a question though it 's a statement
0	well if the police is involved ... she does not like you !
0	now i want to sleep with him .
0	cause they 're just stupid ... or it could be their self esteem
0	so why not do this with your conversation .
0	if you do not , then it will not work .
0	you got ta tell us exactly what you want .
0	sorry girl , i wish i knew the answer too !
0	a lot of women are attracted to assholes and bad asses .
0	who needs a heart when a heart can be broken
0	depends on how old she is .
0	yes , it is bad , you should not do this .
0	even coming from the guys perspective , no .
0	u cant control it or search for it .
0	if he winks at u talks 2 u and asks were u r he does
0	live on and let her live on .
0	was she really your sister or your best friend ?
0	i can garante you he speaks poorly of you to his roommate .
0	answer all of these questions 1. does she flirt ?
0	some states do not but the county withing the state does .
0	so confess to her u feel this way .
0	flowers normally roses and a thing of candy !
0	by the way mine is green..lol
0	some states do not but the county withing the state does .
0	so confess to her u feel this way .
0	flowers normally roses and a thing of candy !
0	by the way mine is green..lol
0	i wait until i feel like i know my girl .
0	it should be obvious to you she had implants ..thats your fault .
0	i still am in love and always will be .
0	then again sometimes guys dont know what they got till its gone .
0	i wear thongs 2 hun and i am kno that guys like them : )
0	keep it up and repeat it if u both enjoy it equally .
0	y r u involving urself in all of this ! ! !
0	your gf should also keep her eyes wide open .
0	lunch , and then for a walk .
0	she just trippin cuz she ai n't got it like that
0	y , did u lose your first one ?
0	witch may be a good thing .
0	your gf should also keep her eyes wide open .
0	lunch , and then for a walk .
0	she just trippin cuz she ai n't got it like that
0	y , did u lose your first one ?
0	witch may be a good thing .
0	i just see why people stay in relationships when they arent hppy anymore .
0	no its too eary to go after him without knowing his feelings for you .
0	r u a playa or a perv ?
0	yes , and it 's up to you to decide that .
0	or shes got major issues and needs a therapist
0	ask em , and if they are , its not your fault
0	and you should apologize for missing the date .
0	its the only experience thats closest to heaven i guess
0	talk about the weather.ha ha ha
0	if he aint askin ... he do n't want it !
0	if all you did was shower , no big deal .
0	its the only experience thats closest to heaven i guess
0	talk about the weather.ha ha ha
0	if he aint askin ... he do n't want it !
0	if all you did was shower , no big deal .
0	maybe something sutble to start , like lunch , or a beer .
0	if you do n't , is there a reason you do n't .
0	if he 's in jail , maybe you should think twice about your relationship .
0	otherwise he has other motives behind his ... proclaimed love
0	sy hi iam really fellin u can we go out some time ?
0	i ca n't even get a date !
0	i 'm still in love with her right now .
0	because after fight , the love will be deeper than before even in friendships
0	ive seen him in my gym class .
0	on his knees , he said he go to therapy & never did .
0	learn how to dance , but do n't only dirty dance .
0	if so give tha man a chance
0	love and passion and heat and fire in the bedroom
0	good luck ( to both of us ) char~
0	get a copy of playboy and playgirl .
0	neither good nor bad definition can be made .
0	her friends also gives me a special look or in good words adore me .
0	you should move on and find someone else .
0	probably not , not if you dislike him now .
0	dont spend it being depresed or hiding from your lover .
0	do you think she likes you ?
0	if you dont know shit then jokes get boring reall quickly .
0	if you want a longterm relationship , no way .
0	you love this person in a way your parents dont !
0	i prefer a naughty good girls and a good naughty girls too
0	if you dont know shit then jokes get boring reall quickly .
0	if you want a longterm relationship , no way .
0	you love this person in a way your parents dont !
0	i prefer a naughty good girls and a good naughty girls too
0	if you want to die no matter how you slice it .
0	it depends : if he was good , now he is a good friend .
1	i prefer to let the guy ask me .
1	i suffer through verbal abuse from my wife .
1	you will have more friends than you want .
1	i need to know what to do .
1	love me , love me . oh dear god love me !
1	it would not be a word . it would be a singing opera .
1	i like my life with the exception of her yelling and using swear words .
1	i know how it is .
1	does he have a favorite sports team ?
1	while you are away , he will do it again and again .
1	no sister , i do not think so .
1	then kiss her , brother ; that works every time .
1	women mature faster than men and some men never mature .
1	after that i never bought her another gift .
1	you can attend you class with her if you would like .
1	it will happen when you choose to be wealthy and powerful .
1	please do n't beg for love , money or respect .
1	you will definitely know when you are in love .
1	do not base your relationship on money or material items .
1	i am unable to sign in at the chat room .
1	if you just live with a friend , i call that friend with rights .
1	go france and see for yourself .
1	she was aware i was previously dating someone that was married .
1	you should not let what other people say bother you .
1	i wish you good fortune no matter what course you take .
1	after that , a gentleman got involved who changed everything !
1	contrary to what other say , they are not born that way .
1	i think you should try a different kind of female .
1	she and tend to cross paths every now and then .
1	you should say yes , if you love him .
1	it would be wise to separate from him as soon as possible .
1	i have trouble meeting girls because i attend a school with only boys .
1	please talk and do not rush your words
1	you should go and play with your dolls
1	do you talk to that person often ?
1	with no level of committment , is that concidered double dating ?
1	you simply have to do that which makes her happy .
1	yes , though i suppose it depends on the vows .
1	perhaps you should be asking where the sexually transmitted diseases are in kay 's .
1	that means you do not have to antagonize her any longer .
1	is something happening with your friend , or with hers ?
1	just say that for the moment you just want to be friends .
1	that is because they are just not doing their job !
1	it would be good to get out of there now while it is possible .
1	five feet tall and 135 pounds sounds very good to me .
1	please seek mental help from a professional .
1	if that is true i would not be surprised if he is unfaithful again .
1	perhaps you could check there first .
1	first , you need to be nice and wait on them .
1	go on . talk to him and do not hide anything .
1	the same qualities you look for in a gentleman .
1	do not retaliate , you should not devalue yourself to her level .
1	if he loves you , he 'll appreciate whatever you give him .
1	since i 'm a prude , i 'll say marriage .
1	i , for one , am nothing like that .
1	you should love them the way they are .
1	nicely done , i know she 'll definitely love it .
1	his father , meanwhile , is obsessing over his new love interest .
1	firstly , that 's not a friend .
1	i hope you 'll answer me .
1	my friends agree with me as well .
1	i say love who you love , race should n't be an issue .
1	you should n't go any further with this man , please ?
1	utilize terminology that reminds him of better times in the past .
1	do you have any idea where i should go meet them ?
1	if you really like her , go as a group at first .
1	they are committing the very actions they accuse you of .
1	besides the previously mentioned advice , merely act as you normally would .
1	be amusing and slightly arrogant .
1	see it like that and forget about him or her .
1	women want a man who will never cheat on them .
1	something to look at or play with .
1	my dress was long wit ha fifteen foot train !
1	you will be happy when you communicate and be yourself .
1	last time i was injured , so it 's just me this time .
1	call him and talk with him about the matter .
1	just explain to them that you love them very much .
1	it would have to be someone that i 'm familiar with .
1	now , do not let the other person read it .
1	it is not as bad as everyone makes it sound .
1	you will like each other better if you sleep together .
1	also , you probably should not have a girlfriend .
1	maybe you can relive that , then make it even better .
1	being in love never hurts , but losing love does .
1	my best friend had many reasons why she did n't approve of my boyfriend .
1	get together with your friends and have a great time !
1	the best way to handle something like this is to just say it .
1	girls like it when you compliment their breasts .
1	guys just do not notice that girls have bowel movements .
1	i can only speak for myself , a fun-loving guy .
1	think about what it is you want from a wife .
1	maybe you should try it .
1	you can find people online or where you live .
1	get it out in the open !
1	there are a lot of chat rooms for seattle on craigslist.com .
1	she might be more shy than you know because that is nonthreatening .
1	i love jesse , too , even though he is dating katie cassidy .
1	you can buy a nice blanket to keep you warm .
1	a good friend will be a good listener who will not hurt your feelings .
1	if he is a great person , his skin color should not matter .
1	i am unaware if it is possible .
1	there is no difference between ages if the intellect is similar .
1	please come and assist me girls .
1	i do hope you enjoy my ideas !
1	ultimately , it is important to trust yourself and plan your actions accordingly .
1	husbands can be just as quick to erection as men much younger than them .
1	god has all power , why not love him ?
1	the age is not an issue , we are from different races .
1	actions speak louder than words .
1	i have to follow my instinct .
1	you give me reason and power . will you love me ?
1	in addition to skin color difference , we have an age issue .
1	there is more to love than just saying `` i love you '' .
1	that is my personal opinion .
1	i always get stuck with someone who resembles a lumberjack !
1	they do it because they love each other .
1	you can meet another girl since there are so many available !
1	do you believe i should believe this individual , or leave him ?
1	for what reason would you purchase the cow if the milk itself is free ?
1	given the game is serious , however , do not get pregnant .
1	nonetheless , you are a kind individual to be around .
1	whether it is the first time or the hundredth time , please use protection .
1	look at my question - i posted that i need help as well .
1	mature men could not care less whether or not their girlfriend is a virgin .
1	he has a family so allow him to reconcile with his lady .
1	all is well , god already has the right person for you .
1	some guys do not care about females .
1	he has a baby . let him work things out with his girlfriend .
1	first , please explain how it is possible that he had no choice .
1	i am somewhat stuck in the middle .
1	that is if you still care about me .
1	i really enjoy gotham city .
1	i question whether or not i should just cut girls out of my life .
1	he had an extroverted personality , while i have an introverted personality .
1	the right person for you is out there .
1	you are in the right place at this moment .
1	i love derrieres , so please dance to your heart 's content !
1	he is outgoing and i am quiet .
1	your present position is good .
1	i know that i 'm crazy , but i have to leave you .
1	i 'm assuming that you are referring to `` american . ''
1	it may be that he/she just wants something .
1	a tear came out of his eye when he said that .
1	ask him about that .
1	simply ask him if he likes you
1	you will not be hurt in that amount of time .
1	keep you eyes open , but love him anyway .
1	what is a heady coctail that girls find irresistible ?
1	i love your questions , please give me more to answer .
1	does she feel the same way ?
1	that is when your underwear will get sucked up by your butt crack .
1	is there signs ? you should ask him . it 's the best way .
1	i do n't believe in chat lines . just be yourself .
1	listen to track 10 on the `` xxx '' soundtrack .
1	why ca n't he just hear me out ?
1	if you fail , then ask until you succeed .
1	he needs to love it and want to work on it .
1	are you looking for bad or nice girls ?
1	because the destiny of human has been to ask until death !
1	counseling could be a sensible option .
1	he would really like it if you kissed him .
1	you do n't look your best .
1	she is probably taking advantage of you -- end the relationship .
1	you will make someone happy , if only for a short while .
1	you would not like it at all and would probably be upset over it .
1	tell her if you find something nice or pretty or if something upsets you .
1	are you hesitant to talk to them .
1	you always want what you can not have
1	i am still in love with him .
1	loosen her up and see what happens .
1	balance and getting the rent paid are sexy .
1	it began in the days of the cavemen .
1	will a wink and small amount of flirting be of assistance ?
1	cut ever connection completely so it becomes out of both view and thought .
1	spend time with her .
1	i am telling you it is true .
1	cherish and love them forever .
1	i do not understand why the house was in such disarray .
1	this could take anywhere from a few weeks to a couple months to happen .
1	that would be either a marriage proposal , or a ring .
1	i hope things work out for you , best of luck !
1	i am curious what type of man women find irresistably attractive .
1	stop criticizing your mother so much and allow her to have fun .
1	maybe she is not ready to make such a large commitment as marriage .
1	you should associate with girls similar to your own age .
1	you should ask her how her day is going .
1	just continue searching and it will happen .
1	i do not understand why there is such a commotion .
1	self-love is more important than money and does not cost anything .
1	you do not know the meaning of `` full-figured woman '' ?
1	the intercourse may not be good , you can ask them .
1	this sounds like domestic violence to me .
1	i was wondering what you thought about it .
1	thank you , but i do not want to hurt their feelings .
1	the christmas card says merry christmas .
1	he needs to gain your trust and respect .
1	my final choice would be something like full length , thick , long pajamas .
1	people grow up at different ages , and some never do .
1	do n't just get a simple chick .
1	no problem if he is interested in you too !
1	call her later on during the day and then kiss her .
1	do you understand ? do not call me again !
1	who is going to arrest you for asking a man on a date ?
1	do not talk about your work or anything that could be considered boring .
1	you should take her to a nice dinner or something of that nature .
1	you understand what i am saying . observe , learn , and apply .
1	is it goodbye when it does not feel worth it anymore ?
1	i was not sure if i was .
1	you never listen to them at all .
1	you have a once in a lifetime chance , so you should enjoy it .
1	you should spend more time with girls .
1	if things do n't work out between you two , come to an understanding .
1	do n't worry about anything , his sister is going too .
1	please do n't make it a cage .
1	i would say no , if he is really trying to find one .
1	and never make her feel guilty over whatever her answer is .
1	there is no reason to get angry , because it will not solve anything .
1	it 's like russian roulette , in the end you always lose !
1	what is he so angry about ?
1	do priests also perform inappropriate activities with altarboys ?
1	the point being is do n't get too much that you spoil your life .
1	i like to hang out with friends every chance i get .
1	what are physical disabilities , like someone who uses a wheelcahir ?
1	what is the rule for that ?
1	was he able to find a girl in time ?
1	and of course , then doing the housework .
1	so what if he is n't understanding of it , if he does that ?
1	we guys do not care for lesbians at all .
1	well i will share my story of my ex-husband .
1	if he is not smiling already just by gazing at you !
1	wear short outfits only for him .
1	it is perfectly all right because many girls have asked me out .
1	most of the time it does not mean anything .
1	if you are then you like marrying both men and women .
1	i feel that you may be acting too persistant about it .
1	it does not bother me .
1	have you ever had sexual relations in a vehicle ?
1	i support the ability for anyone to get married .
1	no , i do not mean dropping hints .
1	older men are very nice , also .
1	you should make sure he uses protection .
1	you should prevent him , by blocking all the pornographic websites .
1	most likely you 're not the only one who utilizes it .
1	you 're a very funny woman .
1	men grovel for sex , woman love that .
1	and not only car doors but every door . it 's everywhere we go !
1	i have seen this in a movie .
1	there is no excuse not to have a job , sir .
1	who would want someone who treats them like trash .
1	because some want to have children and some do n't .
1	try this website , it a fantastic search engine and might be useful .
1	my wife has huge breats .
1	let her be if she will not listen .
1	it has worked out really well so far .
1	woman give lots of explanation for everything and they repeat it 10,000 times .
1	that is just too unreasonable .
1	those types of people are not fun to be around !
1	please list something that you would like for a belated christmas gift .
1	your husband gave you a ring .
1	just be direct and ask her to be your girlfriend .
1	there are many suspicious stalker types out there .
1	your best friend would be happy to help you .
1	american 's are larger in size than other countries .
1	congratulations , and do n't give up !
1	be careful in case something goes wrong .
1	i 'm sorry , but i do n't think she likes you .
1	when they say something dirty , it sounds very naughty .
1	maybe an angel is not for you .
1	do not listen to the young one .
1	what do guys enjoy during sex ?
1	it depends on what you like ?
1	love is not a thing to be ashamed of .
1	okay , so i really this guy at school alot since 3 years ago .
1	but do n't give her or her family any reason to not like you .
1	rouse christina , you do n't know what i mean by saying that ?
1	first the forehead , down to my cheeks , then the lips .
1	do not use pick up lines to start talking to them .
1	i have wanted to do something like this as well .
1	did you masturbate in front of one another ?
1	if you really love him , give him one more chance to change .
1	i do not even remember how our friendship started .
1	no , because that is the beginning of what is about to come .
1	i am a 20 year old liberal high school graduate .
1	they are just plain ignorant !
1	it is okay ; he is probably with his family .
1	as i said before - if you trust him , i would not worry .
1	they do not even bother to talk to you .
1	i will love you forever , xbox 360 .
1	they feel as if they want to have those kinds of things .
1	romance is definitely great : candles , rose petals , etc .
1	why not watch the comet , does n't occur that happen .
1	she 's not content , because i work too hard .
1	they 're little love cards with sticky notes .
1	the most important thing is love , because love causes romance to grow .
1	stop it before you try to start something serious .
1	clearly my friend , being rejected would be the worst thing that could happen .
1	such as a cd from a band that he likes .
1	they have not yet figured out that girls are people and not toys .
1	he says he has to cheat ?
1	she probably thinks that you are weak now .
1	and listen , to see what she says .
1	there is no debate for me , love all the way .
1	if that does n't work refer to line number 1 .
1	they make vibrators , it 's time you join in the fun !
1	are you looking for a trophy boyfriend ?
1	there is always a secluded place to be found .
1	if you do not feel safe , then you probably are not .
1	i hope it works out for you !
1	it 's very romantic , she 'll enjoy it .
1	act as if you feel comfortable with him .
1	sit down on the couch , and watch it with him .
1	i 'm stressing out so bad .
1	i am afraid of zen monkey wisdom while worshiping it at the same time .
1	but he made a mistake and lied to me many times .
1	i am one of them ; what do you want ?
1	if kinky is normal , than sure .
1	can you call a person a friend ?
1	is your inner heart telling you that it is right ?
1	ladies love confidence , and the puppy dog eyes might also catch their attention !
1	a lot of people forget it is not about me .
1	the better question today would be where should you get it from ?
1	did you have virtual sex with him ?
1	i mean yes when i say yes and no when i say no .
1	so what if you live with your parents ? !
1	i dislike men who are awkward when they ask for a date .
1	if you would like to speak with me about this .
1	if you do , you could become wealthy .
1	consider purchasing her a necklace . she 'll enjoy that .
1	there is . keep looking , perhaps one day you will find him .
1	friends will see it , but do n't want to interfere .
1	he wants to get married and have children .
1	i love you very much honey .
1	do not worry , this pain feels really good .
1	i would like to be loved and to love in return
1	i am being considerate of her personal needs and feelings .
1	the idea of losing my significant other is terrible to think about .
1	i do not believe that being `` thick '' means that one is fat .
1	what should i do to gain her confidence again ?
1	in addition , we are on a fairly restrictive budget !
1	i really hope that is n't a serious question .
1	mostly woman are attracted to sensitive men , but not all .
1	you should get busy join a sports team , and stay busy !
1	you certain you 're not infatuated with her ?
1	it sounds like 2 or 3 jobs .
1	love is nothing but the interaction between any two people/persons .
1	you can only meet an honest man in your dreams .
1	i am very attracted to the look and accent of foreigners .
1	but if he is not , you can either threaten or help him .
1	his finances are secure and he remains focused on his goals in life .
1	what is your opinion on gay marriage ?
1	if you are , you might want to ask if they would mind .
1	without love , there can not be romance .
1	have you never looked at pornography ?
1	try not to argue with him .
1	i know him . call out to him .
1	should i forgive him ?
1	i am the first one to admit when i need help .
1	i do not have the space to type all the reasons .
1	sometimes , it is hard just to ask .
1	is this some sort of 'new age hocus pocus ' ?
1	i 'm not sure . soon , you 'll start talking to each other .
1	even though at times they may cost us extra problems ?
1	do you recall the promise you made ? till death do you part ?
1	i 'm searching for an ex girlfriend 's phone number .
1	if you need to ask that kind of question , maybe you should .
1	can a boy and a girl just be friends ?
1	that depends on how quickly you stopped .
1	take a minute to stop and think about it .
1	paying attention to little details will help you reach your goals .
1	i do n't think it was done purposefully .
1	i knew a girl that i grew up with at church . we dated .
1	find that particular man , my dear , and you 'll have a keeper .
1	excuse the photograph , i just thought that it would be funny .
1	she may have had another guy there and could n't answer .
1	yes , if you really love her .
1	i know i love her more that this guy .
1	has she been through a bad breakup ?
1	congratulations , that is a wonderful gift .
1	there is too much drama with this person .
1	when you get married - two becomes one !
1	get over it ! go outside and find a real one .
1	you could ask him to role-play as a homosexual man during the encounter .
1	do not wait for them to approach you .
1	it is wonderful if you can provide and good home .
1	i have no problem with her boyfriend sleeping over every night .
1	you can certainly return but only if you are not smart .
1	then we are dreaming about sex .
1	then you and your husband will still have a lot of time to play .
1	what does their mother think about this ?
1	i no longer find her sexually attractive .
1	you can rely on me to make mention of it .
1	i am only half sure .
1	that is the same reasoning behind why some men cheat on their wives .
1	you must care for her a great deal .
1	i have gone through an extremely difficult break-up .
1	it depends on how old you are .
1	you should consider counseling .
1	be there for him . listen .
1	good luck ! you are going to need it !
1	my ex-girlfriend was quite amorous .
1	many men who watch pornography believe it is normal to be very well endowed .
1	men are attracted to younger women and are easily succumb to them .
1	they should only remain friends .
1	to be brief , they do not have to .
1	you do n't need more than a handful .
1	just a few months ago , he told me i had his heart !
1	i worry that i am going to get fat .
1	i wish that i could stay home and cook , not only bake cookies .
1	her child or children should come first , not the man in her life .
1	if i were you , i would not return .
1	if he does n't like you , then he 's not worth it .
1	and do n't answer with all that pc language .
1	but do n't think this guy can ever replace you in her heart .
1	it wo n't be easy to forgive him .
1	with some who she says that she loves .
1	just the way my girlfriend looks now .
1	if you are in a long distance relationship , you should take is slow .
1	that 's someone who could upset things .
1	yes a girl can get pregnant during her first time in intercourse .
1	undernet and dalnet are both good .
1	a majority of the time , that 's all they want .
1	the most important feature of females is not their breasts .
1	you should n't have intercourse with everyone you like .
1	girls are more proper and actually care about their intelligence and beauty .
1	nice guys finish last and often lose the girl .
1	if that 's his first question to you , he is n't worth it .
1	give it some thought , and give yourself time .
1	it has been 5 years since i was in my last relationship .
1	you have a person to join you in doing activities you enjoy .
1	i would advise you to go and join him and enjoy yourself .
1	he should seek a woman who has talent .
1	you could always consider paying for it .
1	but she also claims to still love me .
1	sometimes men avoid women after women confess their feelings .
1	simply because men are angry and hungry as well .
1	also , do not dwell on it overmuch .
1	i do n't think you should be having sex .
1	consider this advice for later on in life .
1	she should be providing for you in other ways too .
1	a hand crafted card for her with tons of love .
1	to me there is nothing sexier than legs !
1	i like tiny girls compared to curvy girls .
1	respect her privacy and do not speak badly of her to her friends .
1	it is how the world works .
1	how do i keep my new boyfriend happy ?
1	in my opinion , a bridal dress should be long .
1	do you mean being straight and gay at the same time ?
1	if you are married , he should pay them , too .
1	there are a lot of ways .
1	he likes me , but he will not tell me .
1	life is too short to waste on someone that does not want you .
1	it depends on your mood .
1	then you should not get a long at all .
1	do n't let your girlfriend have so much control , hope all goes smoothly .
1	i believe you just have to wait for him to provide more .
1	people will wonder why is took so long .
1	they are all out to get you .
1	you should be cautious regardless of where you meet someone .
1	i have been in similar situations before .
1	i find this guy very fun to be around .
1	no , she does not think that i am not attracted to her .
1	it may be because you are under the age of eighteen .
1	i hope you will have a happy new year .
1	my childrens ages are five and three .
1	if you want it search for it .
1	paris hilton said that is what i like .
1	it is your priority .
1	i am not blaming you .
1	you must go outside and look .
1	like paris hilton would say , `` that 's hot ! ''
1	it is something that you will have to experience .
1	just be honest ' tell her it 's over .
1	if he cheats , you would n't have a clue .
1	they do n't want you to leave .
1	i ca n't get this woman out of my brain !
1	why not ask her on a coffee date ?
1	i do n't want to end my marriage because i have a daughter .
1	i would aree with working from home .
1	love the girl that your parents disagree with .
1	stop dating people that do n't like you .
1	it becomes the question of do you love him .
1	that was a stupid question .
1	tell yourself you have nothing to worry about .
1	i am not gay !
1	it 's quite amusing and good-looking .
1	after looking at my photograph , do you think that i look smart ?
1	it 's just difficult to make them see it .
1	it will be successful if he is present .
1	some guys are looking for more than just sex .
1	keep in mind that christian girls are attracted to christian guys .
1	i suppose that you must ask him .
1	if he is not present , it will not be successful .
1	remember that smart women prefer smart men .
1	you will get over the first as soon as you meet the second .
1	that is like taking her to a movie .
1	i understand your viewpoint as you would like be be noticed without extreme embellishment .
1	as frequently as they desire .
1	you gentlemen are able to discuss any subject .
1	follow your initial instinct , that is why instincts exist .
1	in my experience , they simply want to have coitus .
1	i 'm also looking for the same item as you are .
1	i 'm sorry , but he will repeat this behaviour .
1	do i feel different than the others ?
1	do n't bother . let him catch us together .
1	that is , if you can treat the cause of depression .
1	perhaps you need to repeat yourself to him .
1	he says you make him a better person .
1	god bless you , your family and your friends .
1	she does not want to get hurt again .
1	most people are concerned with their weight .
1	perhaps he did not hear what you said so please say it again .
1	it seems she is not interested in improving the situation .
1	if you do not give , you can not receive .
1	i agree that equality is never truly equal .
1	stay tuned ! the indiana lottery will be televised in the near future .
1	good luck to you and your family in your future endeavors .
1	my limited free time has caused dissension between my boyfriend and my best friend .
1	i can not say the words `` hell no '' loud enough here .
1	it could have just slipped his mind .
1	once you get this by chatting , you can get anything from them .
1	this is a weird question but i wonder if you like to be spanked .
1	i agree with the two answers previous to mine .
1	i say , if you 're happy when you do it , why not ?
1	that would end up being your wake up call .
1	sometimes a certain situation will bring you around , or someone else .
1	unless you 're very intoxicated .
1	simply look for results that are x-rated when you are searching .
1	women like us are not as likely to converse about it as men are .
1	you need to be flexible at the start , then seize control later on .
1	what should i do ?
1	i had a best friend who happened to be bisexual .
1	sometimes during arguments , we say and do things that we do not mean .
1	it should not matter where you are .
1	this is the nature of women and men .
1	regardless of what transpires , consequences will follow .
1	three years after the fact , they returned and we remained very close friends .
1	the exceeds the expectations of any gift you could possibly give her .
1	most probably in the bedroom on top of the bed itself .
1	naturally , this makes it much harder .
1	do not allow him to be sexist towards you .
1	a person who is honest and creative .
1	i do not care what your co-worker said about your friend without your knowledge .
1	simply call if you want .
1	that is a difficult question to which i can not give an answer .
1	she moves quickly . my timing is less hurried .
1	can you please clarify , what you mean by fun ?
1	as long as the action did not happen while you both were a couple .
1	sorry , but wishing does not exist .
1	i think you do not need a man .
1	beyonce is nice but i would not just want to go off her looks .
1	after four years , he should be prepared to return what was said .
1	overreact when he is asked questions in a suspicious tone .
1	i want people to feel comfortable here , but oh , you are pretty .
1	i do not like men that are too quiet or too funny .
1	your actions reflect your strength and courage .
1	the task is difficult and may be better not to bother with it .
1	do they manipulate you or control you ?
1	if you are a nice person , please keep reading .
1	are you male or female ?
1	i could not believe how incredibly sexy it was !
1	andy , you need to wait until you are older to date .
1	the last time i had sex with my wife was two months ago .
1	if he refuses to engage with oral sex with me .
1	however , i really care about him .
1	do you not like his children ?
1	do you try to make things exciting ?
1	it will make it even more special with a flower or a rose .
1	i understand your pain .
1	when the fin is gone , love follows .
1	if you think about it , how much do you know about her ?
1	secondly , why do women fight with other women about a man ?
1	( comes down to see what they look like on the inside )
1	well dear , where should i start ?
1	stop being lazy and get to work man .
1	you ca n't find it , it finds you !
1	enjoy it to the fullest , it is whatever floats your boat .
1	time only knows , time only knows .
1	when must you ask that ?
1	yes , just as the other people have said .
1	when do you meet a new girl ?
1	most gentlemen enjoy it when you initiate sex , get loud and talk dirty .
1	perhaps you should just allow him to ask you .
1	perhaps your significant other is just being a little overprotective .
1	what should i do if i am not given a chance online ?
1	excluding that , he is a good husband .
1	however , he still did not take it .
1	i would advise giving him a ferrari and an i-pod .
1	i do n't understand why people cheat .
1	most likely she receives similar items often .
1	it would be beneficial if you move closer to me .
1	act like a man and ask her out on a date .
1	it is somewhat difficult but it is possible .
1	he 's disappointed when i buy him something expensive or really nice .
1	many women think they love those particular guys .
1	this person is constantly in my thoughts .
1	it does n't bother me when my husband does it .
1	nothing is fool proof and there are always dangers , so be sensible .
1	if she is attractive , try though it is still peculiar .
1	as you said , the ring is not the issue .
1	it as though your heart is on a frying pan .
1	we have been friends since we were infants .
1	is that your question ?
1	do not interact with my daughter !
1	i have n't found one yet !
1	i understand that it was distressing ! please contact me via e-mail .
1	i do not know , but it drives me nuts not knowing .
1	he is no good if he flirts with you while he as a girlfriend .
1	i can talk to her about that .
1	i believe she wanted to keep it concealed .
1	i am open to other options .
1	i have a friend who is experiencing something similar .
1	even though you will find that one , do not look .
1	why not look into gay couples adoption ?
1	i am an ass man anyway .
1	i look at it this way .
1	most guys are just jerks , but good luck to you anyway .
1	if you do not like it then do not partake in it anymore .
1	you should try to make things work with her .
1	why would they care ?
1	you should get some insight from sleeping with other men 's wives .
1	yet , i still love the guy .
1	do not forget the red bow around your waist .
1	be who you are and do not look back .
1	send him a card and write to ask him what and why .
1	your love with heart and soul is the best gift .
1	i really think he likes , but i am not too sure .
1	the best we can do is to hang in there and keep trying .
1	even if they look good , they might sound low class or idiotic .
1	gay men do that , however , straight men do not .
1	always remember , the past is behind us
1	do you have another girlfriend yet , or still looking ?
1	oh , its the old `` its no you , its me '' line .
1	listen to the things that he says about your mutual relationahip .
1	he may do to you , what he did to her .
1	because friendship is very important , you may consider not altering it .
1	how do you know that only one chance may be available ?
1	is it possible that you consider the future too often ?
1	you possibly miss him because you are comfortable with his presence .
1	if she lies then she must accept the consequences .
1	decide if he is being honest or dishonest .
1	it is not only wives who lie and break promises .
1	i have not learned to do this .
1	do not listen to hear say .
1	move on , there are more options out there .
1	and when she cheated she promised to never do it again .
1	i used to get the shot and it turned me into s psycho !
1	do n't pick up the bill .
1	they want a partner to spend the rest of their lives with .
1	what i mean is did he see you naked ?
1	ten hours by car or plane ?
1	all of the other kids are doing it .
1	the hardest is telling her face to face .
1	do not be the one to follow after her
1	it is dishonest to break ones promise .
1	you look well , perhaps you should come closer .
1	just say you love him to him then grab his nose .
1	honey i 'm preoccupied now , we will talk when i get home .
1	i have no idea if she is humble or not .
1	nor do i consider that to be safe .
1	i am unable to fathom this .
1	and now i have been invited to move with some friends to texas .
1	i say my boyfriend 's name or just a yes .
1	if she is sweet , then she does not have to be as sexy .
1	you should just be yourself because pick-up lines no longer work .
1	sometimes it is preferrable to act intellegently rather than insist on being right .
1	no , i can not identfy anything wrong with that .
1	i disagree : women do not enjoy intercourse more than men do .
1	has any one prepared a special item for a wife causing her to smile ?
1	try making him a nice , romantic dinner .
1	if you have doubts , then you are n't ready for marriage .
1	do not use inebriation as an excuse to contact your former partner .
1	money and material things should n't be the top priority .
1	in conclusion , yes , it is meaningful .
1	try this e-mail address : sixeight_sixtyeight @ yahoo.com . i am a pleasant man .
1	ask the fourteen year old girl , she should know .
1	he merely will not possess all of that luggage .
1	bad girls are easy . nice girls are difficult to get .
1	step up . tell her how you feel .
1	just say it . do not drag it out .
1	if you loved him , you would not have cheated in the first place .
1	besides honey , what to call your loved one .
1	i giver her my trust and believe that she is loyal .
1	i am trying to do some investigating for my sister .
1	i would say it would depend on whether the person is having sex .
1	is it appropriate to marry the young sister of your brother 's wife ?
1	first , you need to calm down .
1	because you do not get to give oral sex .
1	a man and woman are falling in love following courting .
1	if not , it is time to pursue other avenues in your life .
1	without involving yourself emotionally , casually date others .
1	bring her over tonight and the doctor will inform you tomorrow morning .
1	take whatever opportunity you get to have sex .
1	he 's ready to come by then .
1	because i ca n't sleep thinking about her .
1	i go to turn over and ouch !
1	i know i 'm not your age , i 'm 23 .
1	i would n't date a girl with breasts bigger than my own .
1	i just do n't know what to do .
1	losing a love can crush you in pain .
1	love is picking up his dirty underwear , day after day .
1	i might be biased because i 'm a man .
1	don ’ t give it another thought , go have fun .
1	have you ever made a mistake ?
1	the kids are asleep and they have nothing else to do .
1	if it is too large , it is very uncomfortable .
1	i am leaving on a plane .
1	if something is bothering you , it will likely always bother you .
1	does a woman 's size matter when referring to men ?
1	you 'd rather get back together first , correct ?
1	besides that , it was fun .
1	sounds to me as if she does n't approve .
1	what are your feelings about him ? have you informed him ?
1	choose the one you like best .
1	ask one of her friends what is going on .
1	kiss , make out , oral sex , then sex .
1	that is life and we must accept all of its rules .
1	go over there and talk to them !
1	there are too many perverts all over the place .
1	she was not overweight when i found her .
1	the taxi is waiting ; he is blowing his horn .
1	well , i have had a little trouble with this as well .
1	if he thinks you 're weak , beat something up and see what happens .
1	and you can also ask him about his feelings for you .
1	that would love me , and just enjoy me !
1	typically , reserved men prefer that women act first .
1	do not allow yourself to be hurt any longer .
1	i do not only think .
1	firstly , i told my close friends who it was that i desired romantically .
1	this is the optimal way to develop a friendship .
1	supposedly he claims that there was no sexual relationship with his friend .
1	however , i do not feel you should give up on him .
1	tell him how you feel and what you think about the situation .
1	may you ask these men if they are married ?
1	if two men or two women are happy together then let them get married .
1	what do you think about being with a man only for money ?
1	yes unless they are on the pill or have not begun their periods .
1	do not allow anyone to dissuade you .
1	good luck and merry christmas !
1	money is not a good reason to marry someone .
1	i am not sure what you mean .
1	a woman would respond to this with warm feelings .
1	men do things because you want to , he wants to please you .
1	he will , if he truly loves you .
1	well then , how do you know her word is true ?
1	do not be hesitant as those who do not act immediately will lose .
1	i apologize , however you will experience more happiness this way .
1	read what benji wrote after i came back !
1	they are attempting to frighten you .
1	that is what i would like for myself .
1	it is sad that she is only looking to better herself .
1	my mother 's two sisters were married to two brothers .
1	it is the latest fad to try text messaging .
1	i think i am lost .
1	women who enjoy having a good time !
1	why do n't you ask them to go to the movies or the mall ?
1	this is free of charge , but that is not .
1	i have packed my bags and i am ready to go .
1	unattractive people similar to you also need love .
1	allow your love to mature over time .
1	a man that loves to eat , looks at the fat lady in disgust .
1	does a counterfeit diamond diminish your love or marriage ?
1	her first initial is a , oh lord what will i do ?
1	no , sorry they were taken while we were still asleep .
1	you try to be too serious .
1	whoever said `` money ca n't buy happiness '' was wrong .
1	the ones that will admit it , at least .
1	it feels twice as nice when he can not hold it in any longer .
1	do not carry her books unless you really like her .
1	thin women could do with more weight on their skin .
1	to win one , you must get to know her .
1	i wish to see if i can improve anything .
1	what you are doing is wrong .
1	do not behave that way . start doing better things with your life .
1	you may even discover that it requires no great effort to enjoy .
1	meet him at the next party he attends .
1	you should be more direct with him .
1	perhaps they are still together .
1	i 'm sorry , but this situation may not work out .
1	this is true for the majority of male caucasians .
1	you should n't be so obvious .
1	it is neither correct nor incorrect to engage in interracial dating .
1	do you want to forgive him or not ?
1	why not try and get on with your life ?
1	you should start flirting with one of his/her friends .
1	mixed children are very pretty .
1	it seems hopeless for me .
1	do not be afraid of her ; just be yourself .
1	this would indicate he is not a real man .
1	this includes : grade school , high school , college , jobs , etc .
1	i am confident you are a nice person .
1	until you try , you may never know .
1	if you are cruel , only barbarians will find you attractive .
1	that is the reason that you may already have the knowledge .
1	that sounds similar to things i 've done .
1	i prefer thin funny guys .
1	if you have children , stay with them !
1	would you be kind enough to answer my question as well ?
1	what should i do if my mom finds out ?
1	if you do not believe she is being honest then break up with her .
1	i wanted to marry my boyfriend years ago and we have waited .
1	what can be done to get over it ?
1	if you hesitate or doubt that you are , than yo are not .
1	he 's busy working , studying , etc .
1	playing the field as they say .
1	it seems like it 's time to start .
1	you should surround yourself with special people .
1	i do not care about love ; rather , i take revenge .
1	gentlemen , i would advise the same for you concerning romance .
1	they desire diversity in their lives .
1	well , it depends . do you love him ?
1	neither because true love is the best .
1	do not try to change for anybody because you are who you are !
1	are you a girl ?
1	i would be hurt if i was the guy .
1	all 2 and 4 legged animals are okay except for insects .
1	also , thank you for your great black and white digital photo answer .
1	i would recommend divorcing him hastily .
1	movies are good but you have to wait awhile for everyone else to leave .
1	please wait until the lady reads your question .
1	what is there to do ?
1	love is a package deal because it always comes with risks .
1	we can do the job ourselves .
1	if you must ask , i must say no .
1	try to relax and trust him .
1	it would beneficial to try something else .
1	you should not speak ill of them .
1	if you disagree , i suggest you move on .
1	i would prefer not to discuss the rest .
1	i would imagine that my surprise is due to it even being a question .
1	the ring is not the problem , the lying is the real problem .
1	i must ask that you do not inquire how i have this information .
1	and also the fact that your husband is in love with you ?
1	most men think that it 's sexy .
1	just because you love someone does n't meant that you should be with them .
1	if you do n't want strokes , do n't reject them .
1	oh honey , you have your work cut out for you .
1	if you really love your boyfriend then no .
1	i get one hour of sleep every evening .
1	make her believe that you have a girlfriend .
1	call right away if you are interested in them .
1	change your phone number , or get a restraining order .
1	no , because you are too young .
1	what o you think about traveling to bali ?
1	you should just tell him to stop calling you while you are at work .
1	i do not care for small or large guys !
1	join him and have fun with each other afterwards !
1	then you will know who the most loyal friends are .
1	most women want a man would die for them .
1	no , definitely do n't tell them soon .
1	slowly start to ask to go to the movies .
1	do n't get angry , it will soon pass .
1	i am sure that you can not marry your affair .
1	just as straight couples love each other .
1	it is possible if you dream .
1	you should if you really do love her .
1	and the least was two weeks and you ?
1	they do not like to feel trapped .
1	you should just be yourself , and let things happen naturally .
1	it is important for it to be consensual .
1	be yourself , show interest , and see what happens next .
1	however , this does n't mean i wo n't love again .
1	love them , all of them !
1	by the way , he can not keep his hands off of you .
1	mr. right is out there somewhere .
1	otherwise , you will always be wondering .
1	i think you are better off that way .
1	what would you like to do ?
1	my friend wants to buy a star in memory of his late daughter .
1	i am a girl , so i do not know .
1	why in the world would you not ?
1	a girl 's beauty can compensate for an unpleasant personality .
1	i am currently 22-years-old and am dating a man who is 31-years-old .
1	did you and he break up because it was his desire ?
1	you should help him find a job .
1	do not let others influence how you choose live your life .
1	that alone does not make the interaction flirtacious .
1	i was married to a liar for 15 years .
1	girla like to know that they are sexy and appealing to guys .
1	i need to know it before it is too late .
1	he always causes troubles when she hangs out , which she never does .
1	well , it usually depends upon the type of girl we are talking about .
1	he has a baby , and she claims that they are married .
1	they want someone who will be there by their side no matter what happens .
1	and i was thinking of giving him mine for christmas !
1	you need to leave town .
1	i am dating a man who is amazing !
1	first , get some paper , pens , and an envelope .
1	what do you suppose you should think about that ?
1	it is simple to say and amazing to feel .
1	have i ever had a crush or been in love with a male ?
1	try to figure out exactly what it is that has upset you .
1	do you remember- nice guys finish last ?
1	you are pursuing your own dreams and he should be able to understand that .
1	the song is ribbon in the sky by stevie wonder .
1	i am sorry , i have not read your other questions .
1	the first response seems to be the correct response .
1	ask him if he is seeing someone else .
1	you would already know if a guy is interested in you .
1	you really need to get a photograph of that , dude .
1	i would like a best buy or itunes gift card .
1	i do not like guys who are too short or too tall .
1	it would be upon the death of you or your child .
1	it sounds like he 's the one that ended the relationship . right ?
1	you can drive her to school and pick her up afterwards .
1	you do n't need someone who treats you badly .
1	yes , when it comes to an end , it 's inevitable .
1	if you do not succeed this time , keep trying .
1	she may not prefer a day at the spa , as i do not .
1	the reason is that males tend to see better than imagine .
1	i want to get married and breed , it 's hard to do that .
1	i always try to make her content , but not with gifts .
1	you could suggest a night on the town with you .
1	only if you want to have children .
1	if you and the man have mutual feelings then why not ?
1	someone that i know and someone that i trust .
1	it does n't have a straight only policy .
1	if you get returning messages then it should work out .
1	if he loves you he will show you .
1	i can count on them .
1	the rules are not strict .
1	it get rejected it 's a good sign .
1	do you like to wear the same clothes everyday ?
1	i pretty much like all breasts .
1	if you are the suspect , what would you expect ?
1	this is good for one back scratch . what else can i say ?
1	promise him intercourse . he probably will not refuse .
1	you instincts are most likely correct .
1	you have a very unrealistic future ahead .
1	i did not purchase much mainly window shopping .
1	it does n't jump at you and grab your interest at a later time.k
1	kids can sense the tension between their parents when a marriage is bad .
1	if you have to ask , then the answer is no .
1	venture out and have fun , possibly engaging in sexual liaisons .
1	he is 20 years old . i 'm 17 years old .
1	you are conversating with the wrong group of people .
1	sorry , but my wife did the same thing to me .
1	i hope that when i am your age i have luck like that !
1	life is short so think wisely . best of luck to you !
1	i want to know about this .
1	if you would like to remove your yahoo !
1	if he tries to get with you then you will understand .
1	it is about what the person is searching for .
1	if she is n't interested in you , i am .
1	be courageous and say what you want to !
1	with a negative attitude like that , yes .
1	buy her things and tell her she is correct .
1	i would not have thought bad about it if i had not hid it .
1	seriously though , fun dates do not have to be expensive .
1	oh babe , be sure to know when i will be back again .
1	a relationship is about more .
1	i believe that men look at porn and it is irrelevant .
1	he is not the kind of man that you may want .
1	my wife said that they are no longer available .
1	although it was similar work to that of a child , she loved it .
1	accept that he/she is not fit to wed you .
1	the reason you are not liked is most likely that you are very rude .
1	do not allow yourself to become like that .
1	this gift is special and will be cherished forever .
1	i once heard a gentleman explain this topic more in depth .
1	i have exhausted all options . do you have any suggestions ?
1	could you find the email address on a website ?
1	not if he broke up with you .
1	do not run to the altar .
1	i always cheat on my girlfriend by taking girls to walmart .
1	hooray , he is going by himself .
1	if you drink too much , you will talk too much .
1	take a good look at the situation and you can probably tell .
1	you are a bad person and you are going to burn in hell .
1	i have the information .
1	just remember , having sexual intercourse with a person makes you physically connected .
1	people so this because there is not anything good to do at school .
1	yes , but only if they have the appropriate head-shape
1	actually , i believe in both simultaneously
1	it is okay to pierce nipples and ears , but not tongues .
1	i warned you so do n't be surprised if he cheats or dump you .
1	she has an awful lot to lose .
1	lunch is a nice rest .
1	quit having sex with him , and see how long it lasts .
1	nothing under the sun is that important !
1	it would be great if someone could give me the url for the picture .
1	it 's not that all men are dogs .
1	time , money or some of both .
1	they make love face to face with eye contact .
1	ignore him some more and he will get the message .
1	finally , if you are in love with someone you will know .
1	end your relationship with him and move on with your life .
1	why ca n't she be faithful to me ?
1	no , my parents are divorced and only my dad does that .
1	just let them know that you are not interested .
1	if you are a determined woman , like myself , then yes .
1	part two : kiss her below the waist .
1	you should not try to force it .
1	they are rude . next time , you should initiate a fight with him .
1	are there other things that you enjoy ?
1	some people do , and others do not .
1	you also need to keep yourself busy and think of him differently .
1	it is simply because they are selfish .
1	one should n't date at 12 years old .
1	take your time and try again .
1	i found one that i like .
1	you need trust in a relationship to have good communication .
1	i 'm not sure what i should do .
1	you should call her and tell
1	and of course , a person that is hard to develop a relationship with .
1	you can sign up for it and be able to track your friends .
1	well , that would mean it is related to having sex .
1	i do not have a close relationship with my father .
1	if you think that they are sexy , where do you like them at ?
1	sometimes things that bother me do not bother him .
1	i do not want him to think i am weird because i am not .
1	hit him until he leaves you alone .
1	i hope you like my answer !
1	men can separate sex from emotions which lots of women can not .
1	you should be able to read these signs .
1	learn how to cook , if she can not .
1	i believe she is still celibate .
1	since i ended the relationship , should i return them or not ?
1	god is omnipresent , and he or she exists in you .
1	love is finding the one you wish to spend your life with .
1	how might i find a girlfriend in iran .
1	although i 'm hispanic , i never desired to wail something out in spanish .
1	you can try talk and you might get the romance once in a while .
1	you should just go for it , not say it .
1	real love in this world is sex .
1	there is one man who is 5 years older than me .
1	she is petite and beautiful .
1	most people just choose the easy way .
1	no , you deserve more than that , he is not worth it anyway .
1	if you here back from your boyfriend/girlfriend , it is basically over .
1	i 'm not interested in girls that do not shave .
1	because she 's smooth and does not want you .
1	do you look good in them ?
1	if he likes you back , need i say more ?
1	you should follow your heart and see what happens .
1	what are some affectionate words i can use to refer to my romantic partner ?
1	and i do not believe an arranged marriage is always negative .
1	he is only attainable in your dreams .
1	i am very shy , so i find it difficult to approach girls .
1	he is not treating you well ; you need to break up with him .
1	the bad answer would be no .
1	there was no reason for us to break up .
1	only if he puts his actions into words , then give him a chance .
1	i am not bad for my weight .
1	the worst thing he could do is say no .
1	you should give him a chance .
1	i am bigger than average and have never had a problem .
1	let her know you are interested in her .
1	well , most of the time you do n't .
1	some guys are desperately looking for love .
1	yes , the girl said i would fall for that .
1	that would be because i do not believe in marriage .
1	we were fortunate , because we were able to .
1	i wish you the best of luck , and hope this helps .
1	i do not know her very well .
1	seems like you are looking for a way out of the relationship .
1	it is bad to be stalking them .
1	what does the rest of you say ?
1	from what you said he is not over her .
1	do not let it bother you , it sounds like she really likes you .
1	i 've met a very nice italian man who is honest and confident .
1	they are the hottest things on my man !
1	when it comes to women , it depends on the woman .
1	my daughter is not married . she is 26 , beautiful , and intelligent .
1	i have trouble relaxing and enjoying sex .
1	you deserve a partner of more quality than this man .
1	merely have a satisfying sexual experience with her .
1	please utilize your psychic abilities to provide me with some accurate answers .
1	if you have good luck , your wife will not discover what you did .
1	back hair is distasteful .
1	there are a few factors to consider in this situation .
1	i do not believe there is a correct age .
1	she needs to learn how to be more adult .
1	yes , it say so in the bible .
1	long distance relationships usually do not last , but it is possible .
1	bet the man to kiss you !
1	look at him in the eyes .
1	in your case , i would say no .
1	i actually do take that amount .
1	because it must be reciprocal .
1	first , ask yourself if he is the right guy .
1	can she have a crush on me ?
1	she ate all of his food .
1	the thirty year old and the twenty year old were really nice and sweet .
1	tell him to either get serious or get lost .
1	i am not sure when she will say it .
1	it takes some time to get it right , but it is worth it .
1	may i ask what this data will be used for ?
1	some people are negatively affected by their past experiences .
1	please help me with what it is .
1	they have no business messing with your marriage .
1	i think that if you love her then age does not matter .
1	girls are more emotional and get a lot of their thoughts early on .
1	you can enjoy him or her in any way , anywhere and anyhow !
1	i can wait because i work in a junior high school .
1	you should just be her friend and soon things might develop romantically .
1	once a trollop , always a trollop .
1	meet a female to go on a date with me for free .
1	if you capture him , do n't let him go !
1	i want , i need , i deserve a beautiful woman .
1	i do n't care for it .
1	the magic eight-ball says `` ask again later . '
1	continue loving him , but be sincere .
1	it does not matter because the fact is that she is your wife .
1	here : think about it like this
1	it would be fun to babysit together .
1	some women are easier to persuade than others .
1	it is advisable to retain an attorney .
1	i could really use some help with this situation .
1	this irritates me . are women nice or cruel , in truth ?
1	i fell in love for the first time when i was fourteen .
1	it is not an unruly word , but an unruly world .
1	men like asian women because they are female .
1	we experience love because we are overjoyed .
1	in my opinion men are lazy .
1	i think the holidays will give us a nice chance for a real rest .
1	the more you love someone , the more you tend to argue .
1	in my opinion it would be better if you move on .
1	attractive men that smell good and have a positive attitude .
1	if you make it so then it is good .
1	he does not want to talk about that .
1	you will never know what will happen if you do not try , right ?
1	i am in love and it feels so good .
1	but it does not ensure that the man will continue more than one minute .
1	find an original way to make it special .
1	but although you think you are , it is possible that you are not .
1	do n't try to date just yet .
1	i want to know about my future , if i marry ,
1	tell me a four letter word that has created havoc for years ?
1	especially when you argue over insignificant issues .
1	but make sure the feeling is mutual .
1	should i send her a note and copy him ?
1	it is difficult to let go , but you must do it .
1	a sex doll may be a better purchase for you .
1	success in older men is attractive to girls .
1	what type of girl would you prefer to date ?
1	that always works , and i mean it .
1	like i would love it if you filled in the blank .
1	probably he was creating both of you .
1	when he , or she is what you spend all the time thinking about .
1	the other was a caucasian male in six grade .
1	i just want to see what others like .
1	the number one thing is to talk to him .
1	i hope i did not confuse you too much .
1	nothing came out of it , because they are best friends .
1	one has to make it that way .
1	give him a break because he might be going through something .
1	how do i start things off ?
1	there have been years of infidelity in one form or another .
1	you should just be yourself !
1	when her intention is to mean no , she will say no .
1	if you love yourself , god also loves you .
1	some women like smart men .
1	wait until you tire of her company .
1	christian people are supposed to follow the rules of the new one .
1	if you would like diamonds for you birthday , simply ask .
1	this man would become celibate before even considering having coitus with another man .
1	hastily remove his clothes when he returns .
1	men and women were created in order to ensure our continued existence on earth .
1	to hear their voice is an emotional experience .
1	picture their insufferable relatives , or anything odd about their appearance .
1	unfortunate that we can choose our friends , but not our family .
1	i apologize , but this is not for me .
1	playing sounds much more fun !
1	move on because this sounds like it is only going one way .
1	be ready to pay for the check !
1	probably not because i do not want random germs !
1	he says he still loves me .
1	i have been lied to and i am not good .
1	you might make some money talking about it on jerry springer !
1	be waiting for me when i come around , please .
1	i hope i saw her once and listened to her last words .
1	honestly , you are going to have to deal .
1	he has been interested in me for an extremely long time .
1	the first time was not good for me at all .
1	i would advise that you continue with this , and start dating other men .
1	if he enjoys sports , buy him a sky blue basketball or something similar .
1	however , is there any way to research the information ?
1	there is only one way .
1	you either need to find a resolution or put an end to the relationship .
1	does he always seclude himself from his family ?
1	they only commit if they are engaged .
1	i am not sure what to do or think .
1	please let me know if this helps .
1	it would be best if you asked a family member that question .
1	that is great that you both like it .
1	i met my son 's stepfather at my work .
1	you should ask a married woman if she has a sister .
1	are you both willing to take that chance ?
1	a true friend is someone you can talk to and trust .
1	i think you should tell her soon .
1	it sounds like that he is inconsiderate .
1	already , you have a lot of doubt .
1	do n't listen to those that say to date him .
1	he has a long distance girlfriend .
1	thugs , scrubs , and women beaters should all be incarcerated .
1	if that does n't help , try yahoo .
1	how can i go about winning her back ?
1	i 'm sorry to hear about the sad news about your girlfriend .
1	after i brought it to her attention , she 's thinking about it .
1	if she continues with this behavior , you should replace her .
1	why do n't you ask his friends or family ?
1	you are not supposed to entice boys .
1	what did you feel when you met the guy or girl of your dreams ?
1	do not wait for him to make the move !
1	chat with me now , then email me later .
1	maybe make it a romantic night at home , or take him somewhere energetic .
1	you need to get him examined soon .
1	that way you 'll always be having fun .
1	be creative , maybe she became sick or got kidnapped .
1	i can tap my feet for hours .
1	why do women cheat on men ?
1	she might , but if you rush , it might not go so well .
1	what is it that she has always wanted to do ?
1	who says `` age is a mere number '' ?
1	it does not have to cost anything .
1	check my answer for the previous question .
1	it is just a moment where everything is racing through your brain .
1	then you can face him , or away from him .
1	always go with your first thought .
1	once she is gone , she 's gone , unless , unless .
1	if it seems cared for i would n't pay it much attention .
1	but now it 's like a dream that is reality .
1	if he was a christian like he should have been , equally yolked ?
1	i have experienced this lesson the difficult way , mind your business !
1	oh my god , i would just love it and say nothing .
1	all he can do is say no .
1	you can not stand to be apart because you do everything together .
1	thinking of that little thing they do that is so annoying .
1	it goes both ways .
1	remember , that many guys that are just after one thing .
1	i tend to stay friends with all of my ex-girlfriends .
1	it will only lead to problems .
1	men also enjoy talking about themselves .
1	start with asking your wife , and go from there .
1	whoever this person is self absorbed .
1	i completely understand you .
1	i am sure you will find one just for you .
1	i do not have aproblem with that .
1	once you are finished dating , you should find love .
1	you are very upset and need time to calm down .
1	you can be sweet , just be sure to not over do it .
1	it is easy to massage and i appreciate the sleekness .
1	a certain person starts to act weirdly around you .
1	if you do not have a friendship with them , build that first .
1	i think that males want sexual relations whereas women want security .
1	however , i could be wrong . that 's just what i
1	it is better to go without as committing adultery is simply wrong .
1	he was fair to the kids and me .
1	men and women equally enjoy physical intimacy .
1	but make sure you get her permission first .
1	we are going to the movies , where it is quiet .
1	do not talk about pornography or masterbation in front of her .
1	tell them that you do not see them that way .
1	he likes the color sky blue , as well as chains .
1	our lips moved when speaking .
1	she has a boyfriend she 's close to dumping .
1	is she willing to consider giving it up if you ask ?
1	is she aware that you want to try to work this out with her ?
1	be yourself and not something else .
1	get over it and satisfy her sexually .
1	that sounds a little bit funny to me .
1	they are hunters , so let them hunt .
1	it sounds to me like your a bit angry !
1	as long as that person wants to stay on the phone with me .
1	just leave , it 's better being single anyways .
1	every now and then i 'll bring her flowers .
1	just wait the right person will come along , it might just take awhile .
1	they are classier and are better , what should i say ?
1	now think of this guy , is he worthy ?
1	sounds like you would either really dumb , or psycho , or both .
1	why did you not consider that before doing what you did ?
1	after that i gave it to the lady .
1	regardless , you will have to upset them .
1	in order for them to produce as many infants as possible .
1	but i would do this :
1	my advice would be to attend the meetings with your boyfriend .
1	consider the consequences carefully before you decide to take any action .
1	you should return next summer .
1	and especially the eastern europeans .
1	perhaps yours will arrive eventually .
1	i believe it means they court others .
1	what must i do in order to get him back ?
1	she merely wants you to initiate the relationship . speak with her .
1	is being a virgin a bad thing ?
1	i do not know which direction to move in .
1	would you take that action if it meant you would lose your friend ?
1	my response to your question was invalid .
1	are you in love with her ?
1	if it works out , it will be a good thing .
1	i prefer having friends that are the opposite sex .
1	there is this guy who i see all the time at school .
1	did he bring you breakfast in bed like you did ?
1	i might be too boring for him .
1	i do not want to be bad to her .
1	if you love that individual , you should not want to share them .
1	the most masculine response is 'both at once ' .
1	if he injures your feelings , then he does not care for you .
1	perhaps that means 'exhausted ' .
1	they are very well liked by everyone as they are quite entertaining .
1	i need a surface to hold on to for more stability .
1	this is a solution that will allow you to have both .
1	i hope you have a great time .
1	are the two of you old enough ?
1	divorce is an emotionally stressful time for almost everyone .
1	counseling may help them work through the matter .
1	this girl is definitely interested in you .
1	but , that 's only what i think .
1	sorry , i am a decent , heterosexual man .
1	neither of you mind if you do n't do it .
1	that is how money begins , with love .
1	i registered and gave them my email . now i regret it .
1	do whatever it is that you want to do .
1	hope that this advice is helpful , do n't take it in jest !
1	once you 're married , you can have all that you desire .
1	let god lead you .
1	start up a conversation by asking for a date to church .
1	i pray that you will listen to my advice .
1	in marriage you must be submissive .
1	get yourself tested for std 's before having sex .
1	girls with long hair are licking their ice cream cones .
1	if that is not unconditional love , i do n't know what is .
1	eyes are the best part of a woman .
1	no ! there are people just like you .
1	we made our acquaintance where i attend classes .
1	find out which of the two is the girl 's preference .
1	times when you are free to move as you wish .
1	at that time , you will be able to now and experience true love .
1	ask him what his answer is .
1	should i hang out with him ?
1	trojans are supposed to be good .
1	not too small but not too big .
1	love is someone you would die for .
1	this has happened to me before and it sucks .
1	did you see the movie trois ?
1	it does not because greek gods do have small ones .
1	getting back together will make him think that you changed your mind .
1	nice guys are able to fight too .
1	god is what you make out of him .
1	he was unfaithful to her and he will be unfaithful to you as well .
1	you could be friends with someone of the opposite gender .
1	joe nathan is in ninth place .
1	sounds interesting , inform me if you find out .
1	the guy on forty year old virgin was attractive .
1	what happens if i enjoy it and want it to last ?
1	well , it was as though i were reading her diary .
1	you should have sex both before and after studying .
1	oh ! and he is also going to my birthday party .
1	i would know as i have an 18 month old .
1	i did n't have one , so it 's not low or high .
1	only my previous experience , best wishes !
1	you find your soulmate after love , and love comes after friendship
1	if you do n't want it , do n't do it .
1	i believe i can pinpoint why viable caucasian males are attracted to asian females .
1	the young woman is standing in that spot with her own boyfriend .
1	i would like to be with him .
1	she discussed everything with her boyfriend .
1	i can have it anytime of the day and it works well for me .
1	you will not go to hell for being a lesbian .
1	kiss when the ball drops !
1	it was merely a wrong number .
1	my goodness , why would you ever engage in that behavior ?
1	he has a nice personality and he is very manerable .
1	i like to watch guys play basketball shirtless and sweaty .
1	why do i miss him ? he was only pen and paper !
1	it is more fun when she feels like a victim afterwards .
1	i am registered on cupid.com as aipoilbo from the 12953 area .
1	you definitely need to work this out with her .
1	do not do it if you are not really ready .
1	over-thinking it will not help , because there is no one certain way .
1	i look forward to going to school .
1	kids are the only people who play head games .
1	they act shy around you but they are really really nice .
1	you have questions about self doubt .
1	do n't worry , there are still plenty of years ahead of you .
1	personally , i would not care either way .
1	i am a good -looking twenty-five year old male with a daughter .
1	should i tell her that information and then dump her for her mother ?
1	next someone will want to marry a tree .
1	men enjoy conversing and especially appreciate it when a woman approaches them .
1	she will be surprised to find out you listened to her .
1	good women are interested in good men .
1	there is a man at school that i like and am interested in .
1	meet for drinks at the snco or o'club .
1	do you see what went wrong in this picture ?
1	i wonder what the east coast looks like .
1	you are not missing out , he is .
1	in my opinion , soulmates do not exist .
1	there are features that function and features that do not .
1	well , because we are girls !
1	buy him a brand new sky blue car with key chains !
1	but it seems like lately we do nothing but argue and disagree .
1	frankly , even homosexuals would dump you in a second !
1	ask yourself these questions , am i enjoying life ?
1	you can call the summer camp and con your way into getting her information .
1	the girl and i never see eachother anymore .
1	you would not go if you did not become a lesbian .
1	when you have matured , interdependence may be an option for you .
1	but was his love for her actually love ?
1	if it 's the real thing , love is beautiful .
1	it 's possible that he has not encountered her yet .
1	listen to bearhead , that 'll will help .
1	i 'm going to terminate speaking immediately .
1	you should utilize protection regardless of your decision .
1	naturally it is easier to run .
1	the 'strong and silent ' strategy has always been successful in my experience .
1	do n't put the blame on her , blame her mom or dad .
1	just be a man and ask her on a date .
1	i love well-dressed girls with long hair .
1	it sounds like you 're in love with him .
1	you go to school with people called peers , and get to know them .
1	when i arrived home , he was still there , asleep .
1	it is like a big sign that says i am easy .
1	realistically i have 3-5 times per week .
1	if you have not had sex , sooner or later he will want to .
1	it depends on what he enjoys .
1	they need medication , they need to go visit a doctor .
1	most best friends that have been in a relationship are not best friends anymore .
1	pretty dumb that i asked it !
1	during school i have two careers and fifteen credit hours .
1	it drives you mad , so it beneficial .
1	should you be doing your homework and concentrating on school ?
1	your brother is going to be fine .
1	give them a chinese burn , it works every time .
1	i am just a guy and i can not help it .
1	if it is assault or battery , etc .
1	make sure it is fun !
1	how long were they dating ? what was the nature of their relationship ?
1	it sounds like he is only interested in her for carnal reasons .
1	yes and no , but they love it .
1	i enjoy spending time with you .
1	please feel free to reach me at earldbjr @ yahoo.com with any suggestions .
1	if it is only for one night , i would suggest you enjoy it .
1	i am having a hard time finding a heterosexual man in any location .
1	it is healthy to be friends with your ex-partner .
1	may i ask how long you have been dating her ?
1	most likely , but this is common among humans .
1	that was a joke , i prefer loose fitting undergarments .
1	yes , wear them , or sell them and purchase something nice for yourself .
1	also , no i am in good shape and quite successful .
1	i will leave the remaining to your judgement .
1	love is more powerful than money .
1	if he does not , you may be in a better position .
1	he will share if he likes you .
1	i figure it would happen at the time of your marriage .
1	i do not intended for one night only .
1	there are low-cost hand-held video games that do n't cost anymore than five dollars .
1	good luck in your future endeavors .
1	what is your relationship with this person ?
1	there 's no need to complain about honest men .
1	i told him we would do what you have planned .
1	they do not like it , they love it .
1	what can i do to make him want me again ?
1	you do not , unless you ask her out .
1	they can be found everywhere if you know where to look .
1	not a girl who worries and does n't try asking .
1	i am not infatuated by overweight girls , although i do adore them .
1	i figured out the difficult way .
1	other than that i believe it is awesome !
1	just be sure he is the one for you !
1	i 'll send pictures if you do n't trust me .
1	i met her a long time ago .
1	do not listen to her because she is a lesbian .
1	nature is a man with a woman .
1	some people like it or love it , and other people hate it .
1	please , do not bring it up again .
1	if he did not hear your question , bring it up again .
1	some girls like that but i think most do not .
1	do you spend time with your girlfriend ?
1	that is the nature of a woman !
1	if he says no then they are yours to keep .
1	six months later and he is still so egotistical .
1	i do not interact with individuals who behave in that manner .
1	i love you . will you marry me ?
1	i does n't seem wrong to me .
1	if it does i am cheating way too much .
1	stop cheating before you hurt someone !
1	i am unwed , wealthy , very attractive , and greatly appreciated by women .
1	when she seems to be enjoying your company , ask her on a date .
1	yes , love can be painful , but it can also not be painful .
1	i feel like we are no longer best-friends .
1	that is what marriage is all about .
1	i wish i could change what happened .
1	if you would like to discuss this further please email me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com
1	do not worry about the young men because they will get old , too !
1	i would like to obtain her phone number .
1	i dated a large number of women .
1	walk up to one and say , `` kiss me ! `` .
1	get a girlfriend in your city .
1	let her know that you care .
1	everyone i know said i was too young to be in love .
1	i 'm happy and in love with this man .
1	it 's not polite to disturb girls on a date .
1	you should end the relationship with your husband as soon as possible .
1	that is what attracts them to most women .
1	1. make her love you deeply .
1	deal with it and take it in stride .
1	it sounds like a lot of fun , but being married is not cool .
1	allow yourself the time it takes to get over someone .
1	those who seem to be lacking knowledge about the bible can answer another question .
1	individuals mature at different ages , and some never mature .
1	you are not ready for that at this time .
1	then , he would be able to feel the same way that you feel .
1	i do not think that i want to .
1	of course they were both in relationships .
1	my husband is a man like that .
1	tinamaries43 , happy new year .
1	this whole marriage thing !
1	you can not force somebody to like you .
1	afternoon , morning , night , who cares ? it is sex .
1	obtain a calling card at talkloop.com
1	because we do not want to give it up and be that week
1	if you know the answer , then perhaps you can give me clue .
1	perhaps you should allow her to win a time or two .
1	i am aware of several men that do .
1	i will only speak with shelly on this forum .
1	i love my girlfriend very much .
1	i 'd rather us be friends than nothing .
1	there are a lot of things . attention whores , for example .
1	girls often do n't show a preference about the height of potential partners .
1	do n't be overly coy .
1	maybe not if you are n't very familiar with this area .
1	in relationships , body language communicates a great deal for both males and females .
1	why do they change the meaning of every sentence you speak ?
1	but my wife will not take the garbage outside .
1	i do not believe i was ever like that .
1	you should focus more on his/her personality .
1	generally speaking , anyone younger than that would not be acceptable .
1	if he pays well , sell them as soon as possible .
1	i am actually a really good looking and well educated man .
1	how often would depend on how attractive she is .
1	that would definitely qualify as the wrong time .
1	at school i talk to him more than i talk to my own boyfriend .
1	then you should just throw him out because he is useless .
1	i wonder what type of person has to pay for sex .
1	i guess that we will never know until we ask him .
1	do not be angry and calm your emotions .
1	additionally , forget the past as it can not return .
1	provide him with beer and allow him to become inebriated .
1	now when i see him , all we do is stare .
1	the truth hurts ; that is the way it is .
1	how can i meet other fifteen year olds ?
1	chopdown101 , that site is really horrific .
1	yes , i think you get the picture .
1	believe your mind first , and be sure to put your heart last .
1	ask however you would like , but be very cautious with that step .
1	it depends on the individuals involved .
1	girls like guys that are brave .
1	it certainly sounds to me that she likes you !
1	do no listen to ignorant people .
1	or are you the one paying the rent ?
1	barry white , anything , as well as breathing , is sexy .
1	i think you had these thoughts before marriage .
1	if you do it with him now i promise you will regret it later !
1	when you find love i promise you will surely know it !
1	keep being the way you are !
1	everyone deserves a second chance , however in my opinion , not a third .
1	pleas do not hint about that subject matter .
1	she was a great person that could relate very well to others .
1	no one 's life can ever be replace , not your nor my own .
1	of course not , unless you desire a relationship based on physical attraction .
1	believe me , the do not possess minds .
1	if you need to ask , you have a problem .
1	she is very afraid of being hurt again .
1	do you desire a friend or a girlfriend ?
1	guys would not date girls if they could not get any action .
1	this , my dear , is completely unfair .
1	sometimes we forget that we simply need to ask .
1	because of her feelings for you , she will enjoy doing this with you .
1	it should n't be only about sex .
1	if you must ask , you are not very intelligent .
1	being honest and accepting is christian-like .
1	make sure to do some checking out before you ask him again .
1	love is love . have it your way .
1	short answer . i guess that i do n't know .
1	you women definitely give me your two cents worth .
1	everybody wants to know , but nobody truly knows .
1	patience , there 's a woman looking for you mr. nice guy .
1	please ask your mother and your brother .
1	i do believe we all find true love only once .
1	i enjoy beibg called `` pet '' , but that 's just my preference .
1	no one uses drugs just for recreation..
1	i think tattoos are extremely attractive .
1	i prefer to date latin women .
1	spending time in bars with men is a waste of time .
1	there is more , but it varies between guys .
1	sorry , i do not know what to say !
1	a book or cd that she really wants , but does not have .
1	yes , but cheat on him first .
1	also , it would overcome everything if emotions were not involved .
1	it s=would seem that mister x is searching for a significant other .
1	i am in love ( in a way ) and must know .
1	he says i talk about our business , but people around us already know .
1	if you care about him then tell him .
1	you obviously decided to marry for a reason .
1	you had this baby and he is not even ready to be a father !
1	ok , who or what are you searching for ?
1	how do you get even with a cheater ?
1	i 'm scared to tell him that we have n't been intimate .
1	that is a beginning .
1	my best life is over .
1	particularly when his head is shining
1	i do not know what to think .
1	be yourself and do not try too hard . it will happen .
1	that is similar to being intimate with your father , which is disgusting .
1	my wife is unaware , and i would like her to stay that way .
1	asian girls often resemble boys .
1	a possible option is to hang out with a young sexy male .
1	he was imitating a chicken by moving his head back and forth .
1	i was also going to ask that question .
1	if he is gay , why is he continuing to have intercourse with you ?
1	if you would like any further information , it is still paid .
1	silence would probably indicate the answer is no .
1	the first objective is just to ask a girl for a date .
1	as you have previously stated , you are all just good friends .
1	i do n't think so , because you are being irrational .
1	yes , that would be extraordinary !
1	it also works if you are operating it with your hand .
1	we love you , and you do allow us to do so .
1	i am unsure of what friendster is .
1	if you trust in god , then you will find the answer .
1	my preference is for darker complexioned asian females with beautiful eyes .
1	i think you should go home to prepare a special meal for him .
1	if you love your boyfriend , you should trust him .
1	is that a miniature version of a dog ?
1	do you speak with her often ?
1	my friend is popular and often has many guys seeking her out .
1	it costs approximately $ 400 and it is a lot more enjoyable .
1	that time works for me but i do prefer the mornings .
1	you are too late and wo n't be receiving one .
1	i find long-haired men attractive as well but is that necessary ?
1	it is important to listen to what they want to talk about .
1	french kissing is not just touching lips , but using tongues while kissing .
1	however , you should make sure you mean it .
1	i do not want to jump to conclusions .
1	men like them young , but some men like them a bit too young .
1	honey , it is called the one week rule !
1	ask a guy who is single if he wants to go out with you .
1	find a friend that lives closer to you . sorry .
1	i will never do it again .
1	my husband is still unemployed .
1	give me the real action any day .
1	you keep all men happy with that .
1	if it is a sex headache , please recover quickly .
1	do you intend to disown any grandchildren borne from this union as well ?
1	do not be shy - just ask her .
1	my advice is to stop looking .
1	you do not find it , it finds you .
1	you can not force someone to want to have sexual relations with him .
1	if the time is right .
1	wear a uniform , perhaps .
1	how many times and how many people will ask this question ?
1	go a long time without fighting .
1	the sooner you do , the faster you can move on .
1	ask for a good time .
1	he is going to be gone for three to six years .
1	wait until you are fifteen for that , then mini golf with adult supervision .
1	use base.google.com if you are trying to find a specific person .
1	i am a woman and i love cute boys .
1	be yourself , take him somewhere you enjoy a lot .
1	you are very beautiful .
1	because he wants you to , is not a good reason to proceed .
1	if you understand , it does not mean that she is necessarily enjoying it .
1	based on feedback , some might find that attractive .
1	you can go over there and knock door to door .
1	go and speak with his best friend .
1	why did you not pink that as your best answer ?
1	that 's how bad things can happen to people .
1	now i understand what you 're thinking .
1	will you do me the honor in marrying me ?
1	so to answer your question , it is yes .
1	no tattoos , no piercings , thick hair but clean cut .
1	could you move out as well ?
1	dating should be fun , not always trying to solve problems .
1	she is shy and introverted .
1	another thing you have to think about is if your wife finds out .
1	eighteen and up otherwise you are on your own .
1	i think you all seriously need to talk .
1	give a nice smile and there you go ,
1	then you can ask her out on a friendly get together .
1	if it does , then i am cheating way too much .
1	you know what they say , 'love hurts ' .
1	does it bother you not to be her top priority ?
1	you have a great chance at success !
1	take it slow , never just throw yourself at a person .
1	he does not want to see you with anyone else .
1	if she is attractive once a day , it is normal .
1	i 'm in college earning my degree in photography .
1	i think there is someone out there for everyone !
1	if many would be happy by a certain action then i hope it helps .
1	three months and snuggs has already given her answer .
1	he is a man because he only deals with important things .
1	when a person interferes with your angus beef .
1	do not forget why you ended the relationship .
1	why would she suddenly do this ?
1	do you have feelings for the boy who has feelings for you ?
1	no , and sadly when you get married it is also not unconditional .
1	run quickly and do not look back .
1	pick yourself up , recover , and start again .
1	i feel the answer is no .
1	i agree with prettyricky , who says that an age is merely a number .
1	if you are , you just know .
1	it really depends on her time frame .
1	it sounds as if he wants to control you .
1	woman later in life end up settling with mr. nice guy .
1	i have no preference .
1	my girlfriend is older than me , by approximately six months .
1	you should n't beat yourself up about it .
1	please wait . when you believe yourself in love , answer that question .
1	well , it would all point back to what you want to believe .
1	it is possible that you should slow down .
1	keep them and do not look back .
1	no answer . i just want to collect two points .
1	i am not saying that it is ok .
1	my personal favorite at the moment is angel eyes !
1	you will not lose it until you pass away .
1	how are you ? i am looking for a girl to talk to .
1	how do gentleman show a lady that they like her ?
1	i guess it depends on the lady you are with .
1	if you really love her go ahead and marry her .
1	u can have a friend to ask her four you .
1	let me know if you get a good answer ?
1	someone that you want to please is love .
1	say bye and do not look back .
1	it was almost 4 years ago .
1	well , there is no other good way .
1	there are some people who enjoy non-traditional or exotic activities .
1	it is very important for me to remember his exact wording .
1	you need to express your feelings to him .
1	her intrinsic personality is comprised of faith , honesty , beauty and femininity .
1	you will always be wary that she will betray your trust .
1	it 's hard to know when you 're with the next female .
1	good friends do n't care if you do n't call them .
1	if you like areal men email chris_rou2000 @ yahoo.gr
1	you will have a nice life , you just have to try .
1	he is n't that into you .
1	i asked this question first .
1	sometimes never , sometimes , and some all the time , it just depends .
1	pretty womencan get men extremely excited .
1	if you do that , shame on you !
1	it is just not right to turn it on and off .
1	what should i do because this is driving me insane !
1	that does not mean that is has to be large .
1	do not do it just to make him happy .
1	is he the one you want to spend the rest of your life with ?
1	you should do it face to face .
1	i am going to be honest and get to the point .
1	to began i say hi honey .
1	i stay fit by doing body building exercises .
1	ask me in december and i 'll answer you then .
1	but be aware , men lie , it 's second nature for me to .
1	he is trying to close this one .
1	just go out with another person .
1	please do not abandon us , dear girl .
1	you are referring to the female whose breasts are large .
1	it will certainly happen , but only if you are open to other suggestions .
1	i discovered that by speaking with my male friends .
1	if you are the one who wanted to end the relationship , then no .
1	many men do not behave this way .
1	should i let him leave or ask him to wait longer ?
1	gay and gay marriage have become legal .
1	it would make things much easier if you ask her if she is interested .
1	they both smell like curry .
1	how old are the two of you ?
1	i agree with answers 1 and 3 : simply enjoy while you can .
1	you can never be too young to be in love -- enjoy it .
1	men tend not to be as emotionally excited as women .
1	what are your ages ?
1	there is never a reason to cheat , just part ways .
1	i understand answers one and three .
1	love does not have an age .
1	some guys are very emotional and others are dramatic .
1	she was not shallow , she really helped out .
1	if you have her permission , there is no reason not to do it .
1	i am attracted to me that are tall , dark , and sexy .
1	relationships do not come with instructions , you should ask him that question .
1	be honest and tell me what is on your mind/
1	go to literotica.com ; i send stories from that site to my husband .
1	he refuses to talk to me by telephone .
1	well , i say it frankly and very frequently .
1	my sister wanted one very much when she was nine years old .
1	if he will not listen , then leave .
1	if you are not positive , it could just be in you head .
1	we have had ups and down but we have always pulled through .
1	you are still a virgin at age eleven ?
1	yes , it depends upon a person 's life experience .
1	no , god is extremely perfect .
1	where 's your faith ? and the mountain you should be preaching upon ?
1	once a man becomes a man , he 's always a man .
1	i would say at minimum thrice per week .
1	you do not want it to fester .
1	however , the answer can be found by introspection . search your soul !
1	will that man ever be the subject of my dreams ?
1	i am questioning this particular issue because i have listened to alternative views .
1	the initial piece of information i need is your gender identity .
1	this week , take time each day for leisure . seize the day !
1	i asked the performers to sign the setlist .
1	do you work in database design ?
1	it depends how he performs between the sheets .
1	you can simply visit a location popular with hippies .
1	should i stop acting as her friend ?
1	you simply should try to spend more time with your family .
1	do not spend time with a man who does not appreciate you .
1	you should be angry , but not overly so .
1	there is a girl for you .
1	you are too young - wait at least two more years .
1	if i only had one head , i would cry .
1	can anyone tell me how to flirt ?
1	i prefer germs from people that i know .
1	as soon as you see his eyes start to wander it is too late .
1	yes , that would be the quickest way to find out .
1	as long as you are healthy and happy , age is just a number .
1	you should carry a toria in your pocket .
1	i would guess it is not for most people , however .
1	time alone will tell ... that she may never materialize
1	did you ever love an animal similar to a cat or dog ?
1	there are many men who would not behave in such a manner .
1	you should have the most enjoyable intercourse with him , if you love him .
1	when he will get annoyed , you may tell him to leave .
1	i know it 's insane , four wives in twenty years .
1	do n't ever admit you ca n't meet your soulmate online !
1	it depends on your perspective .
1	if you catch aids then you have it until it catches you !
1	we are not together at the moment .
1	unless the death was unnatural and under investigation .
1	the incomplete story ... with alternative arguments ...
1	they are all working on the farms .
1	he is tall and rather muscular , but not as muscular as arnold !
1	no one enjoys being hurt .
1	did he ever go out of his way to help me ?
1	that is not something you still do when you are no longer a teenager .
1	everyone wants to feel they are wanted .
1	it depends on what you are comparing this to .
1	trust your instincts because they are usually right .
1	i have heard that joke before .
1	i think you are both strong and wise for making that decision .
1	do you think that i have a chance with him ?
1	everyone has different opinions . be happy with who you are .
1	start a relationship with a close friend .
1	i hope you find your true love soon .
1	most women do n't need a man .
1	did you see the movie trois ?
1	is there a hidden meaning in her actions ?
1	most do not , but some do .
1	two years do not matter unless you are very young .
1	we can not win no matter what answer we make .
1	that person may like you very much .
1	how exciting to think that it is possible .
1	first of all , how old are you ?
1	most important , do not try to be someone of whom you are not .
1	she knows how to cause men pain .
1	the acronym s & m stands for sadism & masochism .
1	your friend cares a great deal about that young man .
1	the website www.theclitoris.com may contain some helpful information .
1	i forget which artist sings the song `` stoke you up . ''
1	when he 's constantly looking at you and smiling .
1	too many people have used that excuse .
1	we have been dating for three and a half years .
1	she can be quite rude without cause .
1	honestly , luck favored her as i did not press charges .
1	would you want your boyfriend to spend time with a woman that desired him ?
1	i tend to believe that grandfathers are correct with regards to these matters .
1	yes , i have female friends that spend time with me .
1	i 'd imagine that it 's much easier than it is to switch back !
1	i think it 's changing things for the worse !
1	first of all , you 're already asking the wrong question .
1	you might as well say that he 's living with me .
1	if you are interested in a female companion , i wish you well .
1	what is the worst possible conclusion that could result from this situation ?
1	you can not help him by doing that .
1	if you are determined , make sure that you do not sacrifice your integrity .
1	that would be the same as taking a shower with your clothing still on .
1	that is a beautiful woman . something about her look attracts me .
1	tell him to leave you alone .
1	should i stay , or should i go ?
1	first , you have to think about the consequences .
1	i do not know - maybe he likes her personality .
1	they are either married or they have boyfriends .
1	i hope this information will help you get a good start .
1	you may need to continue your search if he is to busy for you .
1	yes it is possible , would you like some help ?
1	i am a man and this bothers me slightly .
1	you need to take it slow and wait to see what becomes of this .
1	he said that he was thinking of something .
1	you need to find both employment and a vehicle .
1	do you have enough funds to purchase food for yourself ?
1	please do not use drugs for entertainment purposes . you need to be level-headed .
1	a delicious appellation for your lover is `` my little ginger snap . ''
1	but i do n't mind being friends with benefits .
1	the problem is that i always find the wrong girl .
1	there is n't a day that goes by your not on my mind .
1	anyway she sounds like she meant it .
1	but , if your like 30 most people will consider that too old .
1	take him to a restaurant .
1	see if he talks to you or follows you a lot .
1	try to get someone to like you for yourself .
1	but i do not see the point , either .
1	different people interpret this in different ways .
1	i am always willing to try new things .
1	i do n't feel attractive .
1	how do you know if you are in love with someone ?
1	it 's hard for a female to choose the right time/
1	do n't ever ask a man if he likes you .
1	she 's definitely not your girlfriend anymore .
1	your bride is having second thoughts .
1	what did your boyfriend do for you to not want to see him ?
1	i do not want anything to interfere with god 's plans for me .
1	you can wear fake fangs on halloween .
1	you have to choose one or the other .
1	given already that your wife has doubts .
1	why would you want to stop missing your boyfriend ?
1	because i do n't want my plans ruined !
1	i have you tell you , demonholloween , you have a tough problem .
1	if i could only pick just one !
1	just so you know , you are all my main people .
1	this is a sin to people who are christian .
1	in the next relationship , do not share lots of personal little details .
1	i do not believe in gay marriages .
1	i believe i have food to eat .
1	men are tough and it takes a lot to kill them .
1	i would tell the upset guys that you are backing off .
1	i do n't remember the beginning , only the ending .
1	get the book , you will not regret it ! ! !
1	perhaps you are a good person and you just do n't understand .
1	the number of gifts for mom is the same answer . one .
1	you will not need to ask this question .
1	sweetheart , you are not fat . you are sexy !
1	what situation have you gotten yourself into ?
1	too much drinking would be every day .
1	here is my little input .
1	i would call the police in order to protect the children .
1	i was very skinny in school and my body had not yet fully developed .
1	i have come to realize that it typically means they are inexperienced .
1	he might like you if you are attractive and have a good personality .
1	were i to leave , how would i achieve independence from him ?
1	what if , one day , they did that to you ?
1	i do not like an excess of muscles .
1	the smell will be so bothersome she will not care to see you again .
1	they do not base their decisions on logic .
1	why am i not able to forget this person ?
1	my daughter is dating a boy who is a grade lower than she .
1	it 's fun and it helps you to move on .
1	hitting her is even better as long as you do not knock her out .
1	you continue saying that for as long as you love her .
1	after three weeks , i told her that i was falling for her .
1	go and get your divorce , because you do not love your husband anymore .
1	it is indescribable but you will know when the time is right .
1	how are you able to tell that he is the love of your life ?
1	did you have specific plans or did you merely ask him to over ?
1	it is the intention that matters , truly .
1	as i said , they are all rude and unfriendly .
1	do this if anyone abuses you in any way .
1	i am a christian , therefore i want a christian response .
1	i found that they had been seeing each other for nearly a year .
1	they 've been seeing each other for five years .
1	you must be a responsible and busy gentleman .
1	i suppose if you say that it 's true , it is .
1	i provided you with some contact information regarding low-cost casual encounters .
1	she is an honest and adventurous woman .
1	that was an easy question .
1	i havent begun dating yet and i am already 17 years of age .
1	i am here , whenever you are ready for love .
1	it is only wrong if you declare april fools afterwards .
1	if you do not see one another .
1	i had better answer the final question .
1	you never ought to even consider becoming physically abusive simply because you are angry .
1	you ought to either try it or do something extravagant .
1	good luck , ask your lawyer !
1	to the extent whereby you recently delivered their initial offspring ?
1	be of service to me is the notion i view .
1	males/females adore the act of conversing as well .
1	he has to value me before his video games .
1	i am pursuing my partner and not the other person who arrived .
1	did he propose matrimony to you ?
1	yes , it also works in the opposite method .
1	that level of detail is in excess of what i asked for .
1	sleep in my bed and see what happens .
1	do you want to spend the rest of your life with me ?
1	a good friend that will listen will help more than you can imagine .
1	cook and clean for him .
1	i am going to give you some information .
1	for me it is not a big deal , but it is for her .
1	you just need to keep going when life gets hard !
1	however , i offer merry christmas wishes upon your person , as well !
1	the early hours following an all-night ale imbibing , tastiness assessment competition .
1	the answer is definitely no .
1	she would be surprised and very happy if you were there .
1	you would not like to always do it right .
1	i hope that everything turns out well for you .
1	i am certain that you will know it .
1	it is illegal if you are under 18 .
1	do you really desire to be with her again ?
1	you ought to kiss him goodnight and whisper , `` i love you . ''
1	because laws vary from state to state .
1	i would not attempt to speak with her .
1	if you are not interested in polyamory , date one person .
1	decide if it is worth your time to engage in a relationship .
1	good blessings to you .
1	i have very strong feelings for someone i barely know .
1	for a relationship to be successful , both partners must want it equally .
1	the faces and voices of some people are discomforting .
1	does she enjoy public or private locations ?
1	girth is far more important than length .
1	perhaps you prefer men to women .
1	you must first wait until you hit puberty .
1	that man gives off an air of wisdom .
1	i recommend that you slow down .
1	you should not expect this young person to act maturely .
1	you should begin simply by talking .
1	it is dependent on the type of violence .
1	they are quiet because they like the woman .
1	you have not recovered from the relationship with this man .
1	you merely have to show that you want it .
1	i am not interested in a las vegas style wedding .
1	you must do something positive in order to protect your character .
1	i learn while i have fun .
1	gifts from the heart have the most meaning .
1	i promse that i will contact you in the morning .
1	i think you will get a better reaction in person .
1	stranger of the night , i will always love you .
1	we can see how things progress after that .
1	it sends the wrong signal to me .
1	have you ever known a guy that did not cheat ?
1	love is a friendship that has caught on fire .
1	if the answers to all the questions are no , then i run .
1	you have a requirement to obtain for yourself a previously unexperienced male individual .
1	excuse me , do you have an interest in doing so ?
1	that female will fail to function in many other capacities in service of yourself .
1	negative , however i attended a learning institution there .
1	well ... for what reason is she feeling animosity towards you ?
1	i ended the relationship with my boyfriend , so i am single .
1	even if she returned , would you honestly be able to trust her ?
1	perhaps i simply liked my boyfriend too much .
1	i always had much fun simply playing games and laughing .
1	however , i think i am finished with women !
1	does he touch you a lot and tell you how nice you look ?
1	i think it all depends on the two of you .
1	i finally found someone by showing much patience and spending much time .
1	there migh be some ; however , i do not know where they are .
1	a friend or husband who claims to love you would not act that way .
1	the previous night , she had asked about moving in with me .
1	be the more mature woman in this situation .
1	continue being her friend and explain your other feelings to her another time .
1	he did not do that , did he ?
1	additionally , the rejection hotline is always a good option too .
1	i think that the age is 16 .
1	alright , all me to answer you directly .
1	be sure to ask him about commandeering his credit cards .
1	what has gotten you worried that he will be unfaithful ?
1	merely ruminate as to whether or not you believe the value is commensurate .
1	begin enjoying pleasant diversions in their company and developing amicable relationships .
1	determine whether or not he experiences more effectiveness in a home schooled situation .
1	it is clearly important that he needs to love you !
1	we never finish the movies we watch anyway .
1	if he is not cooperating call social services .
1	were any drawn up upon your marriage ?
1	be courted by an also-ran , relinquish one amicable companion .
1	overall , it can be a great start to things .
1	these are not people who care about you or your child .
1	male individuals are synonymous with a loop made from a rubberized material .
1	i would surmise that eventuality renders them sexually desirous .
1	be a gentleman and ask her .
1	i am interested in a good man with decency .
1	what you are just dying to do right now with passion !
1	begin by telling him you guys will not be home .
1	this might not be successful if he is determined to take drugs .
1	i would marry him because is is very attractive .
1	so you begin to think about being with her in an illicit way .
1	try not to worry . a relationship is meant to be mainly fun .
1	do not be the only man .
1	it is very important that she knows this .
1	it is inespensive and it will not mean anything to her .
1	you are not if you have to ask .
1	do you two have a lot of problems ?
1	someone to love and love them in return .
1	you do n't make yourself a certain level . it just happens .
1	what does he say when you inquire about it ?
1	you would be very busy and cared for .
1	it is only a negative thing if it disrupts your daily routine or schedule .
1	i hope that it will be that simple .
1	no woman deserves an unfaithful lover , nor to be lied to .
1	it is quite simple , you need to ask him !
1	affirmative… perform a search based on your moniker… i subsequently discovered several existing pages .
1	the chosen option , alternatively feel unwell for a 24 hour period .
1	it 's not possible for them to stop after they begin .
1	i 'm positive you 'll be okay .
1	i ca n't recall who it came from .
1	buy a green hat ; women like green hats .
1	why is he with someone he does not like ?
1	i ca n't say this again because i enjoy spending time with her .
1	simply try your best .
1	some men find their own gender attractive .
1	simply because your partner did not care to tell you ?
1	most often , you have acquaintances in common with your former partner .
1	it 's for fun and nothing to i expect to be seriously involved with .
1	it 's really hard to hear you guys talk like that .
1	if their crazy then they ca n't go .
1	you could always go find a slut to have sex with .
1	let me know how you interpret this .
1	most men i am acquainted with do not really have any emotions .
1	you should probably just come .
1	i do not see why not .
1	boys are taught that you are not a man if you have feeling .
1	that way will cause you to move on .
1	gaze upon you in the act of awaiting his arrival !
1	numerous , numerous numbers of gods exist ( allegedly ) .
1	the correct age will be if any woman asks you for that .
1	they desire control and the only way they can achieve it is via you .
1	look at you , waiting for him !
1	supposedly there are a great many gods .
1	you are either gay or you are not .
1	but that man you were with is not nice !
1	you need to go see a doctor .
1	today people are mostly attracted by looks .
1	remember that everyone has someone until they find someone they prefer .
1	yes , i enjoy it because they enjoy it more .
1	i do not do that !
1	you are correct ; girls do enjoy flirting .
1	please trust my advice and do n't get into a relationship again with him .
1	as others have said , you should discuss this with your significant other .
1	you should tell her that you realized that you were incorrect .
1	i do not think you will ever fully know .
1	i am now 8 months along in my pregnancy .
1	good men are out them , we just have to find them .
1	you do not need a girlfriend to be happy .
1	on the other hand , sometimes you also see women who cheat on men .
1	say goodbye and that you are keeping the pets .
1	that is what my best friend did at a chris ledoux concert .
1	perhaps i am wrong . has he told anyone you were together ?
1	i found a couple here . i hope this helps .
1	specifically if you are partial to spectacular beaches and a pleasant climate .
1	it shall constitute your final lip lock .
1	the moment the musical selection occurred to me , this particular query emerged .
1	that particular selection is a positive entry , however .
1	bear in mind the condition of the other girl 's mouth .
1	i have had a boyfriend for three years .
1	you will find someone , but must also love yourself first .
1	perhaps you are venturing outside too infrequently .
1	determine a method for becoming a part of some activity frequented by the female .
1	due to the fact that they previously pleasured themselves at a very early age .
1	she will be in awe of you !
1	are you going to continue to be in a relationship filled with infidelity ?
1	the book might have the solution to your problem .
1	instead of being sedentary do an activity .
1	it is suspicious that your boyfriend is receiving salacious messages from a male friend .
1	knight rider does not seem so bad at this time .
1	however , many men do not have that view .
1	it is not the penis itself that matter but whether you use it skillfully .
1	you should try it on chat or elsewhere .
1	i was merely wondering because many of my friends do that .
1	you should show your love frequently , and occasionally buy her roses and wine .
1	do not just say it to say it .
1	ask her what pleases her .
1	you would enjoy it , believe me .
1	what is your relationship with her ?
1	i would surmise in the act of correctly spelling the term `` horny '' ?
1	i have such deep regret concerning this query !
1	therefore , expend no amount of concern on the subject of self-humiliation .
1	you would be unable to visualize that item given your present location , however .
1	you can go crawl up a chicken 's butt and wait .
1	when i am with girls , i do n't care .
1	if you 're afraid of him yelling , just say happy april fools !
1	you should tell him that you are interested in having another relationship with him !
1	being unfaithful is never an option .
1	you should talk to her to find out what she is interested in .
1	were they single or in a relationship at the time ?
1	perhaps it is strange to think about sex constantly these days .
1	i would have cheated on you anyway .
1	i know it seems too casual , but the relationship is brand new !
1	do not get something for the girl .
1	if he would like to stay with her just let him !
1	do not go to bars or clubs .
1	let him be ; this is the best decision i ever came across .
1	you can write in spanish as well ?
1	that depends on what you mean by my first time around .
1	i try to send the message to her that i am not interested .
1	teenagers can have sex once they turn 18 years old .
1	( i apologize for my english , i can speak very well . )
1	do you think you would be happy if you had a girlfriend ?
1	consider which one you would want to be with forever .
1	many men have gotten used to deceiving women .
1	he may be just playing a game .
1	if it is from your mother or father , then any time is good .
1	i have significant feelings of culpability in regards to the matter .
1	in what way do you know her ?
1	is your girlfriend an ax murderer ?
1	maybe , we would like to be left alone ?
1	baseball has a home plate .
1	sterling andreal love is a commune .
1	that grown man is over there with the children .
1	there is no way , unless you are told to do so .
1	the truth of the matter is that an addict will help .
1	you have to choose good luck .
1	you can borrow sugar once but after that , she is on to you .
1	you should first be happy with yourself .
1	i really like him but do not know how he feels about me .
1	if you can not get enough of her then you probably are in love .
1	just say merry christmas .
1	he will call you the next day .
1	we love lingerie as well as nudity , because we know what is underneath .
1	he wo n't admit he was unfaithful because he still cares for you .
1	it will be wonderful if you meet someone you get along with right away .
1	chances are that they have done everything you are doing right now .
1	it is not if you do not know what to do with it .
1	abstain until the marriage has taken place .
1	change your residence and do not contact him further .
1	chat about your mutual interests and start a new friendship .
1	many nice gentlemen are still available .
1	she will love whatever vision you have in your head .
1	if you were so angry , why did you not speak up ?
1	she either does , or she does not .
1	perhaps they are not receiving what they want .
1	lingerie is removed quickly in any event .
1	according to my old-fashioned ideals , you can at age twenty-one .
1	it really depends on the person .
1	how can i get over this as soon as possible ?
1	his love for me should grow stronger after every passing day .
1	it does not work , and it will only end up hurting you .
1	i am just wondering if that is normal ?
1	i feel very foolish .
1	i might as well buy her a ring .
1	not every man is preoccupied with sex .
1	dress very provocatively and see how he looks at you then .
1	many people do not enjoy sex .
1	when my mother comes home , i will ask if i can see you .
1	please understand that not everyone is out to get you .
1	i hope you enjoy your holiday this time .
1	follow your nature by speaking and smiling with your eyes .
1	second of all , that depends of what type of person your mom is .
1	i thought i was alone in this .
1	well ... you always have the opportunity to audition an internet dating service .
1	beyond age 18 and at the point at which you become betrothed to another .
1	i formerly was very affectionate with my girlfriend .
1	my boyfriend told me to be violent with him .
1	my husband had been disloyal to me since we our child was born .
1	of course , everyone has considered it .
1	the ability to calmly await , my companion , serves as the concealed element .
1	i have yet to experience that complication , thank the supreme being !
1	i do not use profanity like you do !
1	it depends on what you show me .
1	if i am unhappy or angry , i will not have intercourse .
1	she preferred for our special day to involve only us .
1	deceit on his part is to no longer be accepted .
1	i do n't know , do you happen to come off strong ?
1	show some `` respect , '' just like the song says .
1	sometimes it can scare a guy off if he is afraid of commitment .
1	then you wo n't have to live such a miserable life .
1	then go and fin yourself a real quandary !
1	that means that you think about another person more than you think about yourself .
1	why do n't you propose to go then as well ?
1	men have a stronger desire for intercourse than women do .
1	please answer below if you do .
1	not all men cheat on women , but a lot do .
1	there are certain things men do that show they are cheating .
1	would n't you be upset to see your man with another girl ?
1	how comfortable and i with this man ?
1	kids do not always comprehend complex explanations , but they do learn eventually .
1	some men have a difficult time remembering dates .
1	he does not like one of your behaviors .
1	some women set a poor standard for other women .
1	god would not approve of your getting a divorce .
1	you embarrassed yourself in front of everyone .
1	it 's over if they manage to go first .
1	they like winning and games are more fun and easier .
1	try to date him , just do n't tell him that you love him .
1	is she really worth it if she 's easy to get ?
1	his wife is obviously not .
1	of course i would be angry .
1	have you ever thought what will happen after boot camp ?
1	you can not force someone to like you .
1	a person can not change unless they have the desire to .
1	you should find out if there are things that she likes .
1	it should be large if he does n't know how to use it .
1	i do not know but if you find out please inform me .
1	i will do everything possible to see you tomorrow .
1	simply flirt - bat your eyes , behave innocently and portray yourself as adorable .
1	if he says yes , ask him why he does it to you .
1	marry someone whom you find physically attractive .
1	it is wrong to say things that are insincere .
1	i like the names `` sia '' and `` manav '' .
1	some people take longer to understand a situation .
1	if he is serious , he will ask you to marry him .
1	if you truly love him , then go with it .
1	making a sudden appearance after nine years without contact might frighten her .
1	i just saw your avatar , and i am now sending mine .
1	looks , personality , intelligence , and sense of humor .
1	asian women are known for that , are n't they ?
1	tell him that you love him .
1	you will know if you are doing it correctly .
1	it is probably simply men being men .
1	if you have any further questions please contact me at eidal3 @ yahoo.com .
1	first try boosting your self-esteem by trying things you would not normally do .
1	some people you can not tell because they are very good at hiding it !
1	you need to smell nice too , but do not over do it .
1	still , you 're not promiscuous ... you 're formerly promiscuous .
1	apologies , females , but this is n't our fault .
1	i hope this has helped .
1	men really are not at all like women , so it is not complicated .
1	that is the best thing to do !
1	leave the area , or better yet , the country !
1	he will not look you directly in the eye .
1	use chloroform and zip ties and meet late at night in mall parking garages .
1	if he is not interested , then he just is not .
1	you have to begin , since you admitted it was your fault .
1	but you must have defined what psycho really means to you .
1	gaze at him directly and inquire with him regarding that particular question .
1	neck jewelry or a bracelet item , however not a piece of ring jewelry .
1	sure it will be great for you !
1	my husband suggested we experiment in the bedroom
1	if that 's in your best interest .
1	anger is how some people seek attention .
1	i depend on him for everything and would not survive financially without him .
1	because they do not have girls to be intimate with .
1	i do not see anything weird here .
1	you should always trust your gut instincts .
1	you ought to end the relationship with your boyfriend and date another man .
1	it is better if they are virgins .
1	how is it with their father being around and ignoring you ?
1	if you would like for her to like you .
1	they have been friends for three years and are both christians .
1	until the person you love becomes angry at you over a mistake you made .
1	i was an insecure child at that time .
1	she became my wife and now i rarely touch her .
1	not if you are his cellmate and he speaks to you that way .
1	your child may be going through a phase and may not actually be gay .
1	i think you should rephrase that .
1	do n't use cologne , even as a last resort .
1	there was a girl that i was talking to in august .
1	if not , then let me help you . do you understand ?
1	do what you need to in order to keep what you already have .
1	great information . no . you are not alone .
1	stop being mean . do not ask people on the internet to find her .
1	certain actions are done to express one 's depth of love .
1	some people vow never to do certain things again .
1	most men would find the gesture very flattering .
1	i was proposed to on new years eve ; it was so romantic .
1	just take your time and enjoy the person that you are with .
1	i like to date lots of women .
1	you are the woman of my dreams
1	you should take good care of her , she is perfect for marriage .
1	the proposition i received on new years eve was very romantic .
1	ciao bella , you are the woman of my dreams .
1	they are as special as american brunettes .
1	if you do not , your behavior will alienate your loved ones from you .
1	if you simply talk to her , she will understand .
1	frequently , spontaneous people are fascinating and one-of-a kind .
1	samart is attractive but being risque also helps .
1	i would consider going to a pawnbroker to purchase or sell items .
1	why would a woman stop loving a man who adores her more than anything ?
1	i am absolutely certain that i am in love !
1	it exhibits that behavior , as do certain females .
1	what is the intended meaning contained within your communication ?
1	i will let you know either way .
1	you need to end this relationship .
1	you ca n't solve a problem unless you have courage .
1	you are playing an immature game , asking who i like .
1	people are unfaithful because they crave approval and want to feel wanted and needed !
1	what should i do and how do i tell him ?
1	they should be white with a mild opalesence that catches in the sun .
1	my brother stole a winter coat for me last year .
1	perhaps that 's how you should ask her .
1	i do not wish to see you anymore .
1	she might feel as you do .
1	i do not think you should have done that hood thing .
1	verbal abuse is bad .
1	listen and follow her advice .
1	he is doing small things he has never done before .
1	i have tried to get over it .
1	you probably already know the answer to that .
1	when i say nothing has been done , i mean nothing has been done .
1	rogues seem more attractive because they look macho and carefree .
1	speak truthfully and you will know the truth .
1	trust is something you think of when you part ways .
1	you may want to be careful and get checked .
1	you may raise your voice with excitement .
1	always trust your first instinct .
1	i am thankful i do not have kids as it is not easy .
1	best and luck and merry christmas .
1	is it what they purchase for you ?
1	take a risk on the opportunity if you do n't trust me .
1	they do n't have any emotions towards the person they are cheating with .
1	there are a lot of women who fall in love with men easily .
1	there are some men that are mean and have no proper manners .
1	guys without any guy friends are not desirable for women .
1	women do n't deserve men who treat them poorly .
1	just ask him if you can be friends .
1	there are girls that are not worth dating .
1	call him and tell him that it is over .
1	trying getting a haircut or wearing new clothes .
1	is there another explaination to your inability to figure this out ?
1	in this event religion would mean nothing .
1	in the situation where you just say it without waiting for the proper time .
1	the answer is because you enjoy being in the presence of that person .
1	i believe being homosexual is wrong , no matter what anyone says .
1	and then she will not know what to say .
1	what are you doing with a married man ?
1	kiss her if she comes closer to you .
1	i think it 's more important to get an education before worrying about that .
1	i do n't believe there is anything wrong with you .
1	it 's excellent if they 're in love with you .
1	i know this is nothing more than a carnal relationship .
1	or carnal urges , for adolescents .
1	emotional pain is difficult , but it is necessary to move on .
1	some women have difficulty becoming aroused .
1	you deserve better than to settle for whom you are with .
1	people who do not admit to their indiscretions enjoy the most pleasure .
1	i have seen you on here often .
1	you are looking in the wrong place .
1	at the bare minimum , existing outside of the incorrect , all things considered .
1	however , ruminate upon elements contained within future time periods .
1	hence , you inquired , what moniker does god utilize ?
1	think of something both of them enjoy .
1	let yourself do what you want .
1	if you want a full and peaceful life , do n't rely on money .
1	i believe that if i did that , it would not be a gift .
1	infatuation does say , 'we must marry soon . '
1	remember , it is women that they are being unfaithful with .
1	that intales not referring to him as a friend or someone you know .
1	have you been experiencing sexual difficulties
1	sir , you alone possess the ability to respond to that query !
1	much appreciation to all for your response !
1	who knows about love more than books ?
1	what fragrance do you use ?
1	if you can , keep it between you and her .
1	bots simply pester us during times in which we are enjoying a chat experience .
1	had i been a female , i would be attracted to my own gender .
1	in this situation , men wonder why you did n't call .
1	women are clueless about love .
1	if you are desperate , then take action !
1	i am not trying too hard to impress her !
1	i do not think that he will do it voluntarily .
1	however , i love him immensely .
1	allow them to see you at your best .
1	you ought to treat him to a date .
1	the average penis size is about five and a half inches when erect .
1	you can get used to doing it that way .
1	it depends on what you mean and how you look at it .
1	vin diesel is a hottie .
1	unfortunately all men cheat , so they are not good guys .
1	they ahve not been together for a very long time .
1	i was aquainted with her and she always said they were just friends .
1	they might be the one you are in love with .
1	i do not believe that you want to be tina again .
1	men are only attracted to looks .
1	never allow a man to treat you like that again .
1	correct , i just made the statement to you .
1	for them , being cruel seems to be their main method of being happy .
1	all you have to say is `` i love you . ''
1	i 'm not sure why she would want to do that .
1	i wish you the best of luck . i 'll be cheering for you .
1	you may be creating a bad situation that can only get worse .
1	you were the first person she ever slept with .
1	people do not always see the obvious .
1	when she becomes an adult she will not be interested in him anymore .
1	little shy girl has posted a lot of questions .
1	would he rather not see me ?
1	he may be arrested as well .
1	or ask yourself if you 're ready to be a parent now .
1	i would not be unfaithful to you if you treated my kindly .
1	i am positive that any woman would be happy to hear those words .
1	how can you identify true love ?
1	perhaps you could give me chance .
1	you might not be what that person is interested in .
1	i will wish people a happy 2006 .
1	may i take you out to dinner ?
1	why do you not fight for it ?
1	i am unsure of the reason , but i simply ca n't help myself .
1	it is too late to turn back .
1	be cool and you will be alright !
1	i found the profile under there .
1	do not look for love ; if it is right it will find you !
1	if you like him , you could consider giving him a bit more time .
1	is this the way women behave with men ?
1	it seems unfair to love one more than you do the other .
1	you have to think of everything .
1	i do not think the money was the most important thing in your situation .
1	simply want to know about general thinking .
1	here is what the recording will say .
1	she is now committing adultery by living with him .
1	not in reference to how nice a man is .
1	no . it is not if you truly care about someone .
1	most likely constituting a 20 % portion of individuals participating in an active marriage .
1	if you are simply having a difficult time .
1	he has not made any sexual advances and they both have abstinance rings .
1	the movie line is , `` do not say anything . ''
1	no . i would not pack up and leave .
1	men prefer women that know when to be inapporpriate and when to be well-behaved .
1	however , that does not imply that career and money are not important .
1	i will never go back .
1	perhaps it is because men are afraid to hurt girl 's feelings .
1	love matters more than money .
1	you should consider how he treats you .
1	at night , you should kiss her like you would kiss someone you love .
1	men need to control their desires and use their brains .
1	please use aol.com to find this chat room .
1	you need to ignore him or tell him to leave you alone .
1	it will certainly make her angry .
1	tell both of them to get lost .
1	but have a good time gaming , and i wish you luck .
1	yes , some day the perfect match will come along .
1	if you do this it will seem very weird for a very long time .
1	if he did that to you , then you know what to do .
1	some people do not even have enough money to buy what they need .
1	maybe one day you could ask her on a date to see a movie .
1	would you willingly commit to being with her for your whole life ?
1	you will not belive this but i am 52 years old .
1	i have liked this woman since i was 19 years old .
1	observe her room or apartment to discover the types of things she enjoys .
1	if he does not understand , try to leave suggestions for him .
1	i hope that it all turns out well for you .
1	does the child have his father 's surname or does he have yours ?
1	i am annoyed with men trying to be someone they 're not .
1	do n't be intimidated !
1	you should wait until you have been dating at least one year !
1	you have to choose one option .
1	you could start flirting with her .
1	if you start today , then maybe you will have it by christmas time .
1	sorry honey , i have a headache tonight .
1	do you want to give it a try ?
1	why do you not ask him to invite one of his friends ?
1	that is the easiest thing to do !
1	if you think he is not , then end the relationship .
1	it is 6:34 on new year 's eve and i am all alone .
1	in my opinion , you do not have to love your boyfriend .
1	this same thing happened to me last week .
1	it would be nice if a woman was also smart and not just attractive .
1	if she is not yelling it at you , you should try asking her .
1	what is our mother attempting to tell you ?
1	it is likely their childhood was the cause .
1	it should be clear that there are many lines uncrossed .
1	it sometimes is hard to find girls that are rare .
1	my true love might be found .
1	sometimes the things we ca n't have are most desirable .
1	you have to choose between us two who you love more .
1	keep your ego out of ot .
1	are you mad because you did n't go ?
1	if you think he finds you attractive , then you should ask him out .
1	you should take care of yourself and get out of this situation .
1	talk to her and tell her you miss her .
1	are you just physically attracted to them ?
1	if someone cheats once , they will always be someone who cheats .
1	i love girls who like video games .
1	just tell them you are sorry and leave with the other people .
1	what are you going to do with that guy ?
1	you can do better than him .
1	you never will until you stand up for yourself and discuss things with them .
1	i had the most wonderful day !
1	oh , affirmative , basically refrain from duplicating , utilize the actual items .
1	i most likely initially communicated my entry during my early childhood ...
1	why not find a new man ?
1	do n't trust , and just forget her .
1	if he did not care , admitting his infidelity would not be a problem .
1	i do not know what it is , but i am very serious .
1	three : track him down with a private investigator , similar to inspector claseau .
1	would you be all right if you tried it but detested each other afterward ?
1	dive into your weaknesses and channel them elsewhere .
1	how would you feel if you were married and your husband cheated on you ?
1	i do not think so , sister .
1	i do not want to eat here .
1	a feeling can not be explained .
1	do you always look your best ?
1	invite her to something casual like a movie or dinner with friends .
1	our relationship ended because he moved .
1	when two people truly love each other , it lasts forever .
1	love is when you enjoy being with someone .
1	in the event that she is feeling angry due to an inadequate explanation
1	age does n't have any actual reality besides as a numeral .
1	in any event , simply never forget that we all exist as human animals !
1	what location is it that causes you to be less interested in sex ?
1	third , do not copulate until the third date at the earliest .
1	sometimes we say that we love you only because you say it first .
1	after that i would begin to think about 35 more years .
1	just take your laptop with you and watch football on it .
1	wow . have you spoken to her since ?
1	it 's fun both doing and watching it .
1	perhaps even a man who is not so juvenile .
1	how do you know that love is within you ?
1	well , well , well . what are you doing there ?
1	you can relax around goofy men . mysterious men are too much work .
1	i was in a relationship .
1	you should consider finding a new job if you are working with them currently .
1	you should find yourself a man that will respect and value you .
1	buy her the plastic earrings from clair 's .
1	go to the doctors office and get that thing checked out .
1	the children will see what you become .
1	that question would make him uneasy .
1	introduce yourself and then ask , may i join you for a drink .
1	men have a difficult time knowing what to say or how to say it .
1	send any helpful information that is available , please .
1	it is no wonder that your avatar looks so saddened .
1	i would like to try this with my lover , that explains my curiosity .
1	appearance is in actuality not of much concern to females . exist humorously .
1	refrain from attempting this action with an individual familiar to you .
1	dude , it is similar to asking me what can i do to grow .
1	move past what happen . an incident like this would justify any break up .
1	from her body language , i 'd say she will laugh at everything .
1	only if his income is less than yours .
1	currently , i am working retail , and i like what i do .
1	no . if you hear that , they are either wrong or lying .
1	have you tried stalking ? that tends to work .
1	if he hit you once , he may do it again .
1	you do not really have to ask her out .
1	here is your holiday and i hope you enjoy it this time .
1	it measures between 6 and 6.5 inches in length .
1	both have the same level of perception !
1	i have a very trustworthy friend to whom i could tell anything .
1	14 years old is too young to date !
1	you can look for the heavier or more durable ones .
1	i am so tired of him .
1	not all men are like that .
1	first notion , many men , like myself , seem sex-crazed to women .
1	yes , even if he is incarcerated .
1	it is not very hard if you are attractive .
1	if you are a man , it does matter .
1	you ought to find someone who is better and not cling to the past .
1	if he refuses then he is not with you in any case .
1	not merely your body matures with age but your mind and character as well .
1	large amount of affection wished upon yourself during this challenging passage .
1	it 's applicable to males and females equally .
1	how should i approach them to ask ?
1	i would like to receive that for christmas .
1	consider all of the bad things that can go along with the good things .
1	you simply must learn to trust people .
1	first , an ipod with her favorite songs .
1	part of it states that kids can not be the cause of divorce .
1	we just returned from a 10 day trip where we met his parents .
1	the key is romance , rose petals , music , etc .
1	there will be a lot of obvious questions for you to answer .
1	yes , if you are still comfortable with him you should !
1	you should bring her flowers .
1	as i said previously : greed .
1	yes , that should cover it .
1	wait until your late twenties or early thirties .
1	i would stop speaking with that family member/friend .
1	hello . i used to be bi-sexual .
1	if you truly care about your friend , then find someone else .
1	i think i may be in love with three different men .
1	if your girlfriend approaches a man then you should break up with them .
1	if you have any more questions please email me at allarcon88 @ yahoo.com .
1	that depends on who i am with .
1	you 've failed to retain possession of that affection-delivering emotion ... infidelity .
1	all right , this female exists who has obsessive feelings for me .
1	you seem to be more social when in a crowd .
1	did you want to remain friends with them ?
1	i perceive that you are a christian .
1	it is not only men , women are similar to that as well .
1	likewise , do not get him anything similar .
1	make an attempt to stealthily investigate and find out what she likes .
1	if you meet only such men , you are lucky .
1	instead , ask what makes a man feel less interested .
1	after you see that they are gay , shoot them .
1	i remain in search of a response .
1	i never spent time with homosexual individuals while i was growing up .
1	relax your lips and do not worry about using your tongue at first .
1	i married the last man i was in a relationship with .
1	you will find the right man for you some day .
1	i do n't know . she probably will if she likes you .
1	it is because they think in the same way we do .
1	let me tell you that it does indeed hurt .
1	i am merely waiting for him to decide .
1	yours was not one of those .
1	no , i do not think you are wrong in your thinking .
1	the next day , you must apologize .
1	you must never allow yourself to act such as he , by seeking revenge !
1	they are not being deceptive , as they are probably jus nervous .
1	i actually had the same problem with another woman .
1	good sex is great , but , not all sex is good !
1	she wanted to be kissed .
1	hang in there , do not give up dude !
1	not in love , but , i am in deep
1	thank you for playing , i hope i am correct .
1	it may sound good now , but please do not rush it .
1	i am unable to comprehend an existence not characterized by the existence of children .
1	divorce your husband and find a new best friend .
1	if a man becomes involved with a woman , does he have to cheat ?
1	give me an example . yes . i am single .
1	what did your best friend do ?
1	i beg of you , write what is on your mind .
1	women enjoy expensive things , flowers , and jewelry .
1	i knew him to be a great gentleman ; the perfect man .
1	my world shines bright only because you are in it .
1	jennifer lopez is the right woman for me .
1	have you tried drinking beer and eating pizza ?
1	the situation went poorly .
1	i am finding information on this because the topic made me curious .
1	not all women care about money .
1	girl and boy are living the dream of happily ever after !
1	get a tattoo of it on your chest .
1	he is sexy and funny and rather intelligent .
1	this is the best shape and models the eyes for the best effect !
1	i made her a basket of my personal favorites .
1	i do not want him to leave .
1	bring her to your mom 's house more often .
1	if so then you ought to arrive and see what happens .
1	i am 23 and i have two children with my husband .
1	yes , men do need attention but women need it as well .
1	you have already said it beautifully ; just speak the same words to her !
1	this person , they only care about themselves .
1	it is true , they can never get a divorce , but you can .
1	consider this most seriously ; do you think it feels wonderful ?
1	however , remember that pretty women who are sexy also like handsome men !
1	his answer is good enough for me .
1	girls prefer men who wear expensive aftershave !
1	i am afrad that i will look unintelligent !
1	dress up scantily and do surprising sexual things .
1	go ahead and get married !
1	i would not get jewelry as a gift for a female friend .
1	from the way he looks at you .
1	make it a fun day by going shopping together at her favorite store .
1	then get him to flirt back with you .
1	sex is not that important .
1	being a mother is a full time job !
1	how scared and weak are you ?
1	we both want a fairytale , or at least i do .
1	perhaps you are n't really seeking a girlfriend .
1	they would not do anything to hurt me , either .
1	look in your school for some nice boys to befriend .
1	usually those do not last too long , but they are probably the easiest .
1	usually if a girl is talking to you then that means she likes you .
1	maybe it 's because you are young or want to keep your options open .
1	go ahead , and good luck .
1	if he told be beforehand , then i would not have cared as much .
1	sometimes girls do n't like to talk about things that are sad .
1	she might be doing that .
1	do not expect him to pull this off , it is up to you .
1	first , it is really awful that you are homeless .
1	he had been sick before but now it is even worse .
1	but if he or she is then they are not worth it !
1	what should we do when we notice an attractive woman ?
1	i hope that this helps you .
1	not everybody is capable or willing to change .
1	both of you need to be more open and improve your communication .
1	you do not want to hear about her ex-boyfriends .
1	most of them are rude and make fun of you .
1	since you said yes , you are correct .
1	he is a grown man , while she is still too young .
1	you should ask her for some hints or suggestions .
1	does he shower promptly upon arriving home ?
1	that could be why you are not interested in having a girlfriend .
1	your choice can not include a male or female from a television show .
1	i do n't have the funds required to buy that item .
1	that event had a downward spiral effect on the situation .
1	you should think about relocating to a new location outside of your parents house .
1	i agree in the firmest of regards , as my relationship is uncannily similar .
1	request ideas from her best friend .
1	if you become wealthy , people will like you .
1	it depends on whether you have that want .
1	i failed to answer this question .
1	because men are n't real .
1	do n't be in such a hurry to grow up .
1	i choose not to talk about that with the one i 'm with .
1	truthfully , i do know this one .
1	my advice to you is do not ask for gifts , that is uncool .
1	have you ever heard the phrase : `` boys will be boys ? ''
1	you should leave her because she deserves someone better than you !
1	if you love her you need to tell her .
1	are you certain that he is exercising at the gym ?
1	if you like you , you should begin flirting with her .
1	kissing intensely with men is quite unpleasant .
1	you should n't worry if it 's not .
1	why have n't you asked him ?
1	if you have children and are unsuccessful , what will happen to the children ?
1	do not waste your time on that unsuccessful individual .
1	you give your total obedience .
1	some women are liars , and so are some men .
1	this is the first time you two have met .
1	i keep many secrets from my family .
1	one more thing , do not use the word `` awesome '' around young women
1	perform cunnilingus until she has an orgasm .
1	go and have a good time , do not worry about them .
1	keep looking for a person who will love you and is not taken !
1	if your do , i assume that you do 5 years ! ! !
1	tell him to grow up and educate himself further on the subject of pregnancy .
1	are men or woman more likely to cheat ?
1	if she does n't notice you , i 'm interested !
1	when is it a good tome to give you phone # ?
1	i hope this provides some relief .
1	she was pleasant and i think she was very genuine .
1	what does your intuition tell you ?
1	do not think that because you are unattractive you are disliked .
1	i am very open-minded in my relationships .
1	i appreciate what the person with username 'ineedlotsofhelp118 ' said !
1	they do not wish to be pregnant .
1	no , but if it happened , i would find it amusing .
1	i suppose when he begins to enjoy the company of men .
1	why do some men want sex more frequently than others ?
1	females already know every answer .
1	without regard as to whether it 's simply a single sentence .
1	i do n't possess emotions which feel correct when in their vicinity .
1	currency is beneficial , however i do n't proceed based upon visual appearances .
1	`` gone so young '' by amber pacific is an amazing piece music .
1	i am no longer a virgin , and i do not regret my decision .
1	the websites craigslist and ok cupid are among my personal favorites .
1	do you have suggestions as to what we should speak on ?
1	she attempted to startle him , but he stood up .
1	one day a man said , it 's wonderful to see you .
1	he only said hello to me once .
1	i am very loyal to my girlfriend .
1	no flowers or candies or anything similar .
1	do not believe someone if they say that love is a feeling !
1	if not , you are wasting your time .
1	perhaps , this is due to the grass being greener on the other side .
1	due to co-dependency , she is insecure and does not care to be alone .
1	please , i need assistance , i am unaware of what to do .
1	if you are seeking love , you may not see things as they are .
1	alternatively , you can try to shake it off .
1	in fact , there are quite a few considerations raised by this question .
1	i have meet face-to-face four people i initially met on on-line dating sites .
1	so we secretly ganged up on him !
1	do you have any suggestions for concealing it ?
1	do you actually think that he is a bad person ?
1	wait , i forgot that a nice nap is a good choice as well .
1	you should ask her what she likes and does not like .
1	i thought that i would ask you .
1	he should not be trying to seduce you .
1	when a girl say that they like me it is new and interesting .
1	it that is true , no one ever cheats .
1	in the event she replies in the negative , remove her from your memory .
1	and in the circumstance that events do not conclude favorably ?
1	gifts do not always indicate someone loves you .
1	honestly , i do not agree with most people here .
1	was someone unfaithful to you , causing you to be upset with women ?
1	i never get enough kisses and hugs .
1	people asked me that in my last question .
1	but if he repeats that same behavior towards you in the future .
1	you must trust him , but you do not seem to realize this .
1	truthfully , i need your help .
1	you may ask , but never hide what you are feeling .
1	they are out there . we simply have to start behaving like one .
1	case in point , people have nothing better to do and will read anything .
1	surf for pornographic material online or masturbate .
1	it 's a good thing if you just told her a funny joke .
1	i recommend that you consider dating other people for a time .
1	i met the person i am marrrying on the internet .
1	this is not true of all women .
1	i will start to date , even if it is internet dating .
1	i concur , start dating other women .
1	they dont give up the answer about sex .
1	women like genuine men not ones who put on a false impression .
1	or ask him if he is still interested in you .
1	first , you need to make sure it is okay with you cousin .
1	for p. e. i will make enchanting love story .
1	i love you , should n't be used lightly
1	relaxing intimately alongside my spouse and immersing myself in an appealing tome !
1	well , the notion that you will receive more information at a future time .
1	perhaps it is because some women have things that other women do not .
1	i have called upon him once already but he did not call back .
1	reiterate my words precisely .
1	do not shoulder the onus of events regardless of what they are .
1	i have told you what you wanted to hear .
1	only disclose that you had an orgasim during a massage .
1	i need to leave and take some time to myself .
1	because i am confused by this girl .
1	if you do a search for it , you may get a false response .
1	men never understand girls and it is okay ; we never will .
1	it is like a marriage .
1	ask her for the dvd version because the vhs tape will not last .
1	due to the fact that this particular female is confounding my thinking .
1	you understand it is equivalent to being wed .
1	you should demonstrate confidence and treat her well .
1	i have made good friends on here .
1	he is the type of person who is from the country .
1	how should i romantically engage her ?
1	he continues . the next day , you see it again .
1	god blessed me with a special person . i 'm thirty-one years old .
1	you could consider all the things he may have done without your knowing .
1	luckily , i have not had to start a fight .
1	i showed excitement , and gave an applause too !
1	beautiful faces comes with some extra baggage .
1	because are turned on by the sight of pretty things .
1	it serves as a pleasant inquisitive , given the opportunity to experience it visually .
1	fundamentally… prevent oneself from focusing inordinately upon prior experiences .
1	the possibility exists that those catalyzing elements are specifically required by him .
1	people read everything , but they do n't always respond .
1	a piece of fecal matter is stuck to the hair there .
1	please let me know as soon as you find one .
1	they like a man that listens .
1	hold hands , snuggle , give her kisses , and hug her tightly .
1	i am going to guess 12 times per week .
1	these days , it is tough for women .
1	think about it . who would you give the world for ?
1	do not look for a problem that is n't there .
1	he will not like only you until you are both going out .
1	how can i meet a partner if i can not talk to strangers ?
1	you could look for a job .
1	take it from me , its not worth it .
1	he is keeping his options open in case you guys do n't work out .
1	after breaks you should go to the bathroom to do your business .
1	oh , i would n't be happy with that .
1	forget them and they will follow you , believe me .
1	oh , i would experience no happiness were that circumstance to transpire .
1	if you are having sexual thoughts about a person , then it is .
1	they are only uncomfortable if you wear them on your head .
1	you only have to be willing to take that risk .
1	this man has apparent issues with himself .
1	it wo n't be a quick fix ; it takes time .
1	i heard that once and i thought it was cute .
1	my former boyfriend 's sister and i were close once .
1	would it lower your self-confidence if it did n't ?
1	my sweet husband had me made a beautiful pair of half caret diamond studs !
1	do you have any ideas on how to be more attractive to ladies ?
1	what if it does not work out this time ?
1	when the both of you do not speak ; do you still miss him ?
1	yes , those are my strange peeves .
1	he cried even though he really was n't hurt .
1	you can lie to me anytime , mn_sassygal . you are beautiful .
1	does this kind of love last forever ?
1	one day soon , she will cheat .
1	it was n't so bad , was it ?
1	you could try seeing what happens when you talk to him .
1	perhaps he wants you to leave .
1	if you do not ask , you will never know .
1	i know it is over , so how do i make these feelings stop ?
1	see if you can get her to be your friend first .
1	it is just a feeling you have deep inside .
1	they eat lunch together three days a week .
1	are stealth settings similar to the ignore button ?
1	when i realize that someone such as yourself cares to ask me that .
1	most people do n't understand that .
1	i do n't like you .
1	then you know what is going to happen .
1	because you are thinking he is not well .
1	say mon cheri ( mon shay ree ) to a man .
1	you have a very neat necklace .
1	i did not like the french way . it felt too inappropriate .
1	not very good because it looks like many people already did .
1	these days , women should take control of anything related to the wedding .
1	you can not . it is no longer an option .
1	about four to five times per week .
1	never try to be mean . this would only make matters worse .
1	i believe she takes an interest in boys .
1	there are some women instincts that would alert them in their mind .
1	the foot massage must be good . it made you feel great !
1	you ought to only have sex if you are married .
1	i would definitely agree for true love .
1	it is simply your requirement to locate our position .
1	simply utter i am enamored of you , as well .
1	when was this golden age ?
1	i believe a kiss is harmless , regardless of age .
1	it will find you . that 's the only way .
1	however , i 'm old-fashioned and think that is appropriate .
1	let us vote and put it to rest ?
1	why do men commit infidelity when they are in a good relationship ?
1	you will want to take action on this before anyone else does !
1	it is possible that you are not trendy enough .
1	i decided to leave her and find a much more suitable mate .
1	only since they get the male species aroused .
1	perhaps he had it on there and forgot it ?
1	if that 's what they want , i think they would .
1	i awoke with his body on top of mine and his penis inside me .
1	he is a mean person . do not associate with him .
1	i found the person who i was destined to be a bit too late .
1	i am still reach out to one of those women occasionally to have drinks together
1	many gay people will not admit that they are gay .
1	however , my point is that you must tell him .
1	move on if you are not happy .
1	i am hoping my friend was right when she said this is normal .
1	please do not feel bad . you should feel good instead .
1	who dies on their own free will ?
1	i would be worried and question it if i were you .
1	do n't ask me if i love you if you ca n't reciprocate .
1	you should ask her if it is alright .
1	you only see her as an option if your first choice falls through .
1	if you do n't let the issue go , it will make him leave .
1	what you are doing is wrong and will not end well .
1	avoid it at all costs .
1	you just have to learn their language .
1	i enjoy good coffee during sunny days .
1	it is because english is not my native language .
1	i want my dress back without any drama .
1	are n't there enough problems in this world already ?
1	let me think about that a moment . no , absolutely not !
1	do not ask her if it is okay , just do it .
1	hello my dear friend , do not worry .
1	from what i have seen , my answer is that most men do not .
1	do it the same way a single mother does !
1	that is difficult , as it is an odd arrangement .
1	you can be very sweet and kind !
1	we have been together for four years now .
1	hooking up is easy when you are drunk .
1	tell them you found someone who makes you very happy .
1	put down the magazines and leave your house !
1	did i just cheat on him ?
1	and she is wonderfu ; is it the part-time job you do not like ?
1	some men just want to have fun while others want a committed relationship .
1	how do you know so much ?
1	it is hard to forget what happened to the both of you .
1	if it passes , then let it go .
1	if you choose to meet the man , that is when it becomes dangerous .
1	no , my dear , this is not disloyalty .
1	simply try to keep in mind that it is their loss rather than yours .
1	the holiday season is upon us , which gives me reason to ask .
1	i would leave her immediately . she is not worth it !
1	that is , if others are not happy but you are .
1	that is not it . all you want from it is that special feeling .
1	might possibly exist upon the roadway .
1	you have previously been equipped with knowledge regarding your most beneficial subsequent actions .
1	have you no desire to provide assistance to the gentleman ?
1	find out if she is your type .
1	call her and tell her that you love her .
1	do you suspect he might not feel the dame way ?
1	because you are dating the wrong people .
1	i am very lucky to have him .
1	however , do not worry , there are still some good guys out here .
1	then , hurry up and leave quickly , and do not forget the children !
1	it might work to casually start a conversation about diamonds .
1	let us go to bed together .
1	should i ask the meaning of what he said ?
1	i think she likes you if she smiles when you show her your penis .
1	if you are worried you should take a paternity test .
1	what is the age of everyone on here ?
1	you never know the outcome unless you try .
1	do not forget that no man is more important than your sister .
1	it could be anything , but he is just too scared to tell you .
1	it is in actuality less fear-inducing than it may appear .
1	you are mandated to provide for her a time place for a social meal .
1	complication exists , i continue to experience intense emotional affection for her .
1	do not let her convince you with her womanly wiles that it is not .
1	what is it that i should do now ?
1	it depends on if the man truly likes the woman or not .
1	you ought to begin your life anew .
1	a $ 10 gift card for the thrift store might be appropriate .
1	you do not have love without a lover .
1	is he certain that he approves of that ?
1	you must simply be yourself .
1	i do not believe in the lifestyle .
1	i am not not bothered by the cost diamonds or my wedding ring .
1	no , it is not bad .
1	i would refrain from looking around and simply continue with the initial boyfriend .
1	that is easy ; ask yourself if you would die for him .
1	but i also want to be with my husband and children .
1	so we have ascertained that you and she have the same taste in men .
1	people will read whatever they can find .
1	a friend of mine was unfaithful and the victim of her infidelity despises her .
1	but becoming enamored with everyone is not something i feel to be right .
1	if you petition me in a polite manner , i will acquiesce .
1	remember : there are distinct social and emotional differences between men and women .
1	have you any desire to be wed ?
1	men do n't care to tell them romanticisms .
1	whatever jason says will lead to animosity and will not be effective .
1	before you assume that she is cheating , do some investigation .
1	should i give him an ultimatum ?
1	shame on you if you trick me .
1	should i keep waiting ?
1	yes , i have a strong friendship with them .
1	if his answer is yes then you should reject him .
1	if it is less than that , then the answer is no !
1	sexual or intimate conversation with anyone other than your spouse is infidelity .
1	we women are just starting what the men were doing years ago .
1	everybody does it . try it . it 's great .
1	take a break from your other relationship until your divorce is final .
1	i have yet to discover the same .
1	that is particularly true if you are not the real feminine kind .
1	there are a lot of things to think about first .
1	the female brain is far too complex for that !
1	it may sound superficial , but do wear nice shoes !
1	however , on the other hand , women can certainly be devious sometimes .
1	it is the sixth string on a guitar .
1	you should ask him promptly .
1	instead , you should wait for your true love to find you .
1	you should enjoy life and find another person because there are many available .
1	please maintain a presence if he does not move in with the girls .
1	initially , try to work for little compensation .
1	do not purchase a gift for your ex-significant other .
1	life is too important to stop striving for meaning and success , always perservere .
1	please take your time to think it over .
1	that man you have feelings for is also homosexual ?
1	she had no desire to cease performing the action .
1	yourself , as well as your companion , possess a necessity to maintain silence .
1	because they are women they have vaginas and bottoms , that 's why .
1	however , sex is a bigger issue .
1	ask someone who really knows what love is : does love change ?
1	some men and women are unable to say `` no '' .
1	men and women are similar .
1	it is a good sign if your love interest accepts a second date .
1	how can i enjoy the sexual part of our relationship ?
1	i would wager that she would desire you then .
1	you ought to look for a man to whom you are not attracted .
1	if their happiness is more important to you than your own .
1	i am a married man who enjoys pornography featuring trasgendered women .
1	you should move if they can not handle or adapt to the situation .
1	she uses it based on whether you are good enough for her .
1	email , call , or leave a message to ask .
1	is she intoxicated and laying down ?
1	it is right next to your heart .
1	whatever he asked you , ask him the same thing .
1	is it so you do not get caught looking ?
1	he told me that he is trying to wait it out with her .
1	they should eat dinner together and then after , watch a film .
1	yes , people participate in that activity on the internet daily .
1	are you confident that you know the subject you mentioned well ?
1	men like both women 's personality and looks .
1	a man that takes the lead and stays in control .
1	so you can please her enough for her to forget about her vibrator .
1	check your myspace if you are mostly interesed in your appearence .
1	all he want is to get is his green card .
1	you need to enjoy it and do your best .
1	there is nothing to worry about .
1	men think we all aresimple people .
1	due to the fact that certain individuals do not like other individuals .
1	yes , where have you been inquiring for the last ten years ?
1	i am sorry but can not respond at this time on messenger .
1	due to the fact no one told them to be dishonest .
1	please remember that your family loves you and will continue to always love you .
1	you leave everything in disarray and then expect us to fix the problem .
1	you ought to tell him the bitter reality , slowly , hand in hand .
1	if you need to dismiss him then you ought to do that .
1	i wrote him a note but he did not reply .
1	wow . i know how you feel .
1	it would be wrong , though , if you actually did it .
1	a quiet talk would work well if she is just flirting .
1	the male of the female does not possess value to make the actions profitable .
1	you can not force him to make him desire you in his life .
1	rape is sex without your consent ; unfortunately he raped you .
1	how do i aquire a male lover ?
1	true love . money will fade away but true love will not .
1	do not become involved and ruin a marriage .
1	if you must begin counting your toes .
1	maybe , give her a flower today then a present on christmas .
1	an ideal wedding location would be near a beach during sunset .
1	there will continually be someone for everyone .
1	share our gathered thoughts and love .
1	you should tell her that you truly care .
1	i do believe in falling in love with someone online !
1	do not be afraid to take action .
1	give him flowers and a kiss good bye .
1	it sounds as though we are in the same boat .
1	i would go with the artist .
1	please take your child and leave that man .
1	i graduated in my final year .
1	did he ever provide a reason to be ?
1	happiness is very important .
1	i am not sure if you will be able to trust him .
1	you should not have any other men around .
1	sometimes it is important to continue looking for someone else .
1	i sometime allow my two childern to play in a tree .
1	do you have any more specific questions rather than just open one ?
1	getting married will not change things .
1	there is a major difference between having a crush and being in love .
1	my mother always said not to talk to strangers .
1	i am going to bring my family with me because i am not unintelligent .
1	do you realize what you have just said ?
1	if you visit a latino website , you can meet other people there .
1	they want to waste your time .
1	he does n't like you that way .
1	be rude if he does n't give up .
1	because that 's how they will think of us also .
1	banana cream pie is what it tasted like !
1	since you 've pointed that out i see it too !
1	i would not advise ogling the girlfriend of someone else .
1	i am assuming that you are a woman .
1	now move away from the computer , mister .
1	for three years i have wanted to start a relationship with a this guy .
1	i will keep it to three things to save time .
1	it is best if you do what your heart tells you to .
1	there are great dating sites out there .
1	she would definitely want you to .
1	after reading it , i see no chance at all .
1	i do not know how to lie nor do i wish to know either .
1	this is akin to asking someone 's sexuality .
1	or do you believe in online romance ?
1	maybe they will invite you to their home to have fun .
1	be cautious with who you accompany .
1	i like being brunette more , who said that blondes have more fun ?
1	if you 're an dunce you would keep posting irrelevant things , right ?
1	my advice for you is to tell him your true feelings .
1	he will be a waste of your time .
1	is there really no way that you can be together ?
1	well , my recommendation consists of an admonition to relate to him your emotions .
1	no situation exists in which both of you individuals would be enabled to commingle ?
1	although reality sets in , you are always happy .
1	it was a nice dinner , movie and soft kiss .
1	i never miss an opportunity to inform her .
1	are you eager about this idea ?
1	it was another way to make the bedroom interesting .
1	simply tell them that you are not looking for marriage currently .
1	what tone should i use when speaking to him ?
1	it has a history as long as humanity does .
1	i wish you luck and you should remember that it is never your fault .
1	it 's extremely visually appealing , might possibly be difficult to obtain however .
1	i surmise she barely eluded crossing paths with her male offspring .
1	i think she just missed her son .
1	would you like to see a movie with me on friday ?
1	there are issues with trust in their relationship .
1	my answer was going to be , `` about what ? ''
1	that is very annoying when i do not feel like communicating .
1	did you know that warm cocoa makes people feel loved ?
1	you should set things straight with her .
1	i do not know what else to say besides trust your own judgement .
1	even though she cheated on me , i love her because of her courage .
1	you wo n't know unless you try it .
1	my apologies . do you reside in theran ?
1	if they truly love you , they will care about your well-being .
1	no , but did i say that i had flatulence ?
1	when you are in the vicinity , she has a tendency to become shy .
1	you should show her who you truly are !
1	was that before you decided to end your relationship with him ?
1	which mental hospital do you visit ?
1	do not call with excessive frequency .
1	give those items to her and leave .
1	inform her that you trust her judgment and that she is your focus .
1	you are simple frequenting the incorrect locations .
1	i believe that it is more widely acquiesced to that males practice infidelity .
1	in the first instance she should not act that way .
1	giving gifts is not a test of whether love is true .
1	she appears to be someone with whom you could have a quiet conversation .
1	well , females have a number of nonsensical thoughts .
1	please have a couple of beers first .
1	you should ask several questions .
1	he should actively communicate his needs .
1	truthfully , i would enjoy a large amount of money .
1	i am fascinated by it .
1	she is a very sought-after woman .
1	i would appreciate some assistance with this difficult problem .
1	cosmetics are easy to apply .
1	love should not hurt .
1	if you have at least one then you are prepared !
1	everyone else has to understand .
1	she will always think that the two of you are still involved .
1	i am going to wait for five or six years after i get engaged .
1	he will regret his decision .
1	you have already contacted him , so refrain from trying to contact him again .
1	what is the appropriate thing to say to this man ?
1	i would not have said 'yes ' unless i already liked the girl .
1	to the guy above , please note that it 's grammar , not grammer .
1	i was a good looking guy to begin with but i was just shy .
1	i 'm sitting at the beach watching my kids play .
1	she will feel that you are being too serious .
1	i have a similar issue .
1	it depends on which one works out the best .
1	please give me ten points and call to vote .
1	it can be very satisfying to have one woman that you truly care about .
1	i was doing it because i loved him , not for the money .
1	then proceed to have sexual intercourse over the internet through webcams .
1	however , do n't go in so fastly .
1	we men only think of the easiest way to have sexual intercourse .
1	that was a big mistake .
1	women like to receive compliments .
1	try to flirt , then stop flirting .
1	in even that case your best approach would be child support .
1	yes , your husband is your baby 's father .
1	you wo n't cheat on a woman if you really love her .
1	if he was going to , he would have by now .
1	are n't you trying to grow up too fast ?
1	there are more questions regarding her . please help me answer them .
1	we do n't wish to be thought of as 'easy . '
1	let us rephrase your question : why do strange men tell me confessions ?
1	you are very happy .
1	it is not about only sex .
1	i had a nervous stomach because he frightened me .
1	i know you heard this before .
1	nothing can happen between you if you do not tell her .
1	how can i deal with it ?
1	i will not do either but will just keep on dating my girlfriend .
1	there are cougars in the world and they will find you .
1	she said that she will contact me via telephone and give me her answer .
1	what is wrong about her liking another man and having a friendship with him ?
1	a ring is merely a ring .
1	surely you are not so desperate as to visit an adult site .
1	however , only is the women are attractive .
1	that girl is not a lesbian and is somewhat immature .
1	you have to help make it perfect .
1	my boyfriend now has to take classes in catholicism .
1	it has no future .
1	perhaps he wo n't mind that you were n't there .
1	she will flirt with you and be nice to you .
1	i would currently be a rich person .
1	the only thing i regret is marrying the wrong person .
1	go to thinkgeek.com if he is a nerd or geek .
1	a location which is less noisy .
1	please , do not ever engage in matrimony solely for that reason .
1	consider things which could be said to him .
1	say that he is the best thing that has happened to you in your lifetime
1	every female desires to be pursued .
1	when you find that special someone , make them your priority .
1	one of them treats me badly and barely even speaks to me .
1	a lot of men what the same thing .
1	listen as much as possible and then offer your own advice .
1	he was assuredly the only man i have ever truly loved .
1	what would you suggest i do in order to overcome this problem ?
1	that simple act would win my affections immediately .
1	you had to inquire , does love really exist ?
1	ask yourself if you feel bad about doing it ?
1	you 're not interested in rekindling the love you once shared .
1	if you are the same age , go with friends and check it out .
1	you ask him to stop and he wo n't , he 's bisexual .
1	well , initially she designated young men as opposed to adult men .
1	you have no requirement for that element as part of your existence .
1	why are women unfaithful when they are in a good relationship ?
1	he has issues that he needs to resolve .
1	it is healthy to flirt , but having cyber sex is cheating .
1	i am in my mid fifties .
1	if you meet nice men then they will like you merely for bedding you .
1	i wish that i were able to take my own advice .
1	that is what i did and it worked .
1	you just have a high libido .
1	because guys are sick perverts who make us think that !
1	of course you should not go out with him !
1	like they all said , very slim !
1	meeting authentic woman online can be challenging .
1	i adore the company of my female friends .
1	keep working towards your goals in life .
1	you will always be a friend my dear .
1	inform him of your pregnancy and view the resulting events .
1	listen , this has happened to me many times .
1	am i going to believe in him ?
1	we are a couple . not often enough because of the children .
1	my favorite aunt is dying , i ca n't take anyone else dying !
1	i personally always stick with the `` ca n't go wrong '' routine .
1	please use your webcam on the internet .
1	you two should eat at a nice restaurant and take time to converse .
1	a man and a woman can create life together but two men can not !
1	i asked him to call me on the phone and he did not .
1	men 's brains respond better to your actions .
1	maybe you should ask him out ?
1	if he loves you , then he loves you !
1	i joined her in her remedial english class .
1	how can you determine if you like them once you meet them ?
1	you would not want him to think either unless they were true .
1	healthy women tend to think they are acting differently when they are not .
1	you know she wo n't be obsessive .
1	yes , i have previously done so .
1	the guy chose not to receive the instant message .
1	we shall wait to see what happens with the guy and his girlfriend .
1	guys are too stupid to realize what all women love .
1	i agree with not simply offering her unsolicited advice . that is unattractive .
1	i wish you the best of luck , jolly roger .
1	is that one of her interests in her online profile ?
1	men think sexually often as well , perhaps more than you .
1	on my birthday , for me and my wife of 30 years .
1	well , my wife is no britney spears , but she is beautiful .
1	i do n't live any where near that place .
1	i disagree . you should be in a relationship with someone else .
1	it does not matter what others think .
1	why does this girl have to be the one for you ?
1	have him watch a videotape of you having sex with his best friend .
1	it is usually i who initiates kissing during the day .
1	no . a person is more likely to cheat if he/she has cheated before .
1	her cousin and neighbors , as well .
1	simply pick out the one you favor .
1	i did not die or explode .
1	however , that would be too direct .
1	just tell them that you have not yet found `` the one '' .
1	she never ever lets you know what she feels .
1	give him a beer and apoliogize about the argument .
1	you should never give a girl money .
1	i enjoy cuddling on the couch and watching television with my family .
1	most of the time , it is for intimacy .
1	everyone knows what love is , but not one can explain it .
1	i do not live in new york city .
1	there is one thing that is nice from having a car without auto-locks .
1	if you would like to , you can remain with them .
1	when in rome , do what romans do .
1	i apologize , but , did i misunderstand what you meant ?
1	your portion of the rent this month will be $ 200 .
1	my teammate is skilled at playing that game !
1	there are many attractive men .
1	we terminated our relationship over a year ago .
1	i wear thong underwear because they are appealing to men !
1	i do not regret that .
1	we have a one year old daughter together .
1	he is the coolest guy in school .
1	i chose option 3 which is a toy for my baby .
1	i do n't consider myself to be an attractive drummer .
1	go ahead and ask the person you fancy out on a date .
1	how long should i know an aquintance before i formally meet them ?
1	if they continue to call you , tell them to stop .
1	they are afraid to be alone with each other !
1	but he is a very nice man .
1	i am 39 years old .
1	i encourage you to think about this .
1	if you start there , she will take care of the rest .
1	you can not control what he does .
1	the grass is greener on the other side until you get there .
1	users macsteed and blondegyrl2004 - that 's basically the summary of it .
1	if it does n't work for you .
1	yes , some bad bedsheets made my nose feel uncomfortable .
1	should that fail to suffice personally .
1	if his age were , perhaps , five years less than its current number ?
1	that is a very good question .
1	if you are in love with her it is more than just sex .
1	little boys have a hard time understanding girls .
1	i have assaulted people at their lockers .
1	we say , `` i love you '' to each other every night .
1	ensure that they work for your affection as well .
1	it 's a dodge ram , which is a pick-up truck .
1	because she did not do anything wrong .
1	i may as well commit suicide .
1	it that fails then ebay is the best choice .
1	however , it was good from my perspective .
1	i 'm not sure that it is nagging .
1	if you do not , then you will never find the person .
1	it all depends upon who dumped whom .
1	i do not think it is sexy to have it the opposite way .
1	you should find out what your parents do not like about him .
1	no , why should you suffer ?
1	do you trust people on the internet ?
1	do not allow him to use this as an excuse .
1	i want someone who is attractive but not overly zealous about having intercourse .
1	seeing each other is not dating . you could be just friends .
1	allow me to advise you on how to persuade her to date you .
1	read his book `` ultramarathon runner '' .
1	would you young ladies assist me , please ?
1	tell him to give you some space .
1	her desire for him may create problems in your relationship .
1	merciful lord , please assign undergarments without proper coverage to females only .
1	i am very unattracted to gentlemen with a playboy mentality or who are cocky .
1	does this still apply if you have done your best ?
1	great god almighty , abandon the revealing undergarments to the young females !
1	given the fact that you already performed at your absolute highest capacity ?
1	a ring has no impact on that .
1	just be honest with her if you like her enough to risk the friendship .
1	the remainder view males for intercourse .
1	*gazes into her own reflected image* she exists in that location ! ! !
1	i prefer a girl who is not slender .
1	that is too bad . do not drag that cross around .
1	you could remember all the bad things he has done .
1	my wife does not know that i do any of this .
1	best wishes to both of you .
1	you must put your faith in your marriage .
1	tell them they need to stay out of your affairs .
1	you can try searching through yahoo !
1	i wonder how you could help her out .
1	if it is possible , it will happen . congratulations !
1	please do not act like that incident did n't occur .
1	i am a 30 year old man .
1	you may be surprised when you reveal your true feelings .
1	unfortunately for me i was deceived twice .
1	i want him to be interested in me .
1	i like the blonde , but i love the dark red .
1	existence is complex and that reality simply exists .
1	the joke about the baby was amusing .
1	if not , then break up with your girlfirnd and do what you like .
1	what is it that girls want from a man ?
1	men do no not play games , only girls play games .
1	if you want the answer to be yes , ask the question early .
1	in the beginning he was really sweet and did things for me .
1	have fun spending money .
1	yes , they do like to be held , and cuddled a lot .
1	if i were you , i would leave her as soon as possible .
1	affirmative , they do enjoy being cradled and nuzzled upon frequently .
1	my decision would be to relinquish her with all due speed .
1	if it has an unpleasant odor then leave !
1	being unfaithful to him was the first mistake .
1	you should improve your english spelling and grammar .
1	what do 13 year old boys like ?
1	girls enjoy the company of men who treat them poorly .
1	what should i say to her in order to get her attention ?
1	it might not be love , but infatuation .
1	it is very similar to receiving two items and only paying for one item .
1	everything is alright , there is a match in this world for you .
1	i tend to be partial to a beautiful face .
1	it will have to be quick .
1	i wish you luck , and get back to me , eliza .
1	it will require both of you…bless you both and best to all of you
1	as for his grandmother , tell her to attend to her own affairs .
1	some boys grow up with a father who does n't teach them chivalry .
1	i am planning to spend time with the boys .
1	i am fairly certain that you would not want herpes .
1	i enjoy playing games with her as well .
1	additionally , how do i begin with her ?
1	viewing online pornography or masturbating is an excellent method of relieving sexual stress .
1	it is the credit card in her purse .
1	that is a natural phenomenon and the myth is that it is bad .
1	forget them and you will find them following you .
1	p.s . divorce causes financial difficulties .
1	a gift card is not a personal gift .
1	perhaps he believes that passing notes is not intelligent .
1	if he 's unfaithful , he 's unfaithful .
1	be at peace in this , if nothing else .
1	he is always eager to be physical , and i find it distressing .
1	there is no need to worry , simply contact me .
1	relationships can resemble infants in that they require constant nurturing .
1	make love to her mother , sister , and best friend .
1	have you ever been a victim of embarrassing pick up lines ?
1	take the gun out and point it at him .
1	if i told you , then it would not be a secret .
1	we both ended up angry , any suggestions on how to make up ?
1	if you are not happy just stop seeing each other .
1	the majority of them will have their own chat there that they use .
1	tell him politely to back up .
1	she is unable to find even one man who is interested in her ?
1	if she considers it to be infidelity , then it is infidelity .
1	i do not agree with anyone here .
1	she might be a prostitute .
1	i will buy the movie tickets and you can buy the popcorn .
1	i guess they like to hang around .
1	some women find reasons to cheat on men .
1	consider what you are getting into with marriage .
1	you should leave unless you want an open relationship with her .
1	he sounds a little fruity to me .
1	do n't worry about others . be yourself .
1	tell her to leave you alone .
1	equivalent to all other aspects of existence .
1	perform actions you previously would have avoided performing .
1	the alarms merely sound a single time during every several-year period .
1	have your attempts included applying kisses to her ?
1	should the gentleman have a spouse ?
1	it defines the essence of my feelings of attraction .
1	but with my sweetheart it has more to do with the mind !
1	good luck to you no matter what you decide .
1	now go out and meet some women who are neither prim nor slutty .
1	bouquets are not inexpensive ... a fact dependent upon the type purchased .
1	how come you lost , even though you started the altercation ?
1	why would he want to kill them ? is he a murderer ?
1	people need a sense of humor in order to keep the relationship going .
1	i think your negative attitude is spoiling your good time .
1	ask yourself whether or not she is worth waiting for .
1	trust yourself , and be a king in your sight .
1	even a small check like that would be worth fifteen dollars .
1	it may be somewhat hard to find , but it is worth looking into .
1	continue to do what you are currently doing .
1	i would prefer to remain friends .
1	remind her that she is always correct , no matter what the circumstance is .
1	the airport is full of people and has many security officers .
1	1-3 times per day .
1	a quick sexual encounter ; how long does that last ?
1	i relinquished that male person , it became somewhat tedious .
1	i stopped dating him because i lost interest in our relationship .
1	since we are both young he comes to see me every weekend .
1	bot honestly , does size really matter ?
1	whatever you do , do not cheat on him to get revenge .
1	do you need to start saving these girls fromm whatever ?
1	just be yourself , and have fun !
1	that anticipation is amazing .
1	according to my personal taste , i prefer short or none at all .
1	not a very attractive option , would you agree ?
1	can not seem to recover from this .
1	i do not think that your boyfriend would like another man touching you .
1	if it smells good then it is a certainty
1	he might just not be the guy you think he is .
1	what would a woman do to make you think that ?
1	just say something like , `` will you go out with me ? ''
1	i do n't know , but i did read it .
1	if men are unfaithful then they are not worth your time .
1	you should not allow her to hurt you like that .
1	it could potentially happen and it also sounds like fun !
1	i never had the opportunity to tell him how i felt .
1	i understand how you feel .
1	he may pick up the phone after just one ring .
1	you have something to lose either way .
1	because you did not face true love until now .
1	the cares a lot about spending time with you .
1	do n't let someone see that you are struggling .
1	you should seek help from a doctor or a psychiatrist !
1	i do not find overweight men attractive .
1	match.com , and if you are of jewish heritage , visit the website jdate.com .
1	as is typical for me , there were men present .
1	alternately , you could work as a detective , too .
1	however , she will possess no desire to become romantically enamored with those individuals .
1	prevent yourself from entering into an imposing romantic partnership and simply experience pleasant diversions .
1	what should i get him since he is a 13-year-old boy ? .
1	do not always look for something or constantly ask him about something .
1	no . you should not give up on a woman .
1	i am a single girl and looking . email me at tupac_lover_00 @ yahoo.com .
1	of course he is cheating on you .
1	oh yes . by the way , we are both 12 years old .
1	he 's only 20 , but he seems like an old man .
1	you ought to stop focusing on appearance and stop looking altogether .
1	if you tell him that then you will have power over him .
1	you ought to awaken from this and rejoin the world .
1	it was all that you envisioned .
1	first , attempt to end the relationship with him , but not in person .
1	that is because most of them are crude .
1	people get married . it is because they love each other very much .
1	subsequently the pair of you will have the ability to proceed forward .
1	no question , the requirement is for a pair of individuals ...
1	i would like to become wealthy , attractive , or famous .
1	if your relationship is destined for marriage , it will happen in due time .
1	many women are attracted to the personalities of shy men .
1	it is important to end all previous encounters prior to getting married .
1	give him the opportunity to be a good person .
1	depending on the love he feels for you , he may marry you .
1	i was terribly upset each time .
1	flirt a lot while making them laugh .
1	think of better things that have happened , are happening , and will happen .
1	what is wrong with you ?
1	several tips for getting a girlfriend . # 1 :
1	not possible . where is his respect for you ?
1	true friends would not abandon you like that .
1	how do i post questions on yahoo ?
1	my cousin refused to smile so i killed him .
1	no , it is not true ; it depends upon circumstances .
1	but just listen to your heart and trust it .
1	they may think that telling you that will turn you on .
1	you project the appearance of a positively inclined male individual desiring nothing but contentment .
1	negatively concluded given the happenstance that one constituted an intelligent adulterer !
1	my male significant other consistently fails to procure any existing items for my possession .
1	you would not want that to happen now would you ?
1	make sure that you keep it real .
1	just take your own bucket of worms and go and fish in another pond .
1	some are that way because i am assuming that they have issues with men .
1	that is completely wrong , plus she is also older .
1	no , because you have not penetrated .
1	tell him that you are a lesbian .
1	act sexy around him if you 'd like .
1	kick him in the crotch if he declines .
1	i always knew that some women were smarter than men .
1	you are simply getting surrounded by a lot of mean people .
1	please beware or your husband may cheat on you .
1	possibly because you have not yet found the right man who offers you respect .
1	purchase a car and drive it wherever you like .
1	tell me what it is that you want and what the situation is .
1	it 's also very easy to become intoxicated .
1	stay quiet and act as if you do n't know she exists .
1	use any cologne you want but do n't replace it with soap .
1	i do not think you should be worried .
1	you are going to be ill .
1	it will not cost you any money .
1	some people find that watching two women is more exciting than watching just one .
1	how much older is he than you ?
1	i sincerely wish you the best in your endeavors .
1	it is just one of those things , you understand .
1	you should pray to your favorite deity .
1	it is difficult but you must find it in yourself to go on .
1	the key is to show that you are different .
1	love yourself and do not let any man disparage you .
1	it 's a cool thing to do .
1	approach her and initiate a conversation .
1	and was of the opinion that you should simply make a personal introduction !
1	can he evict you anyways ?
1	pray about it and you will receive an answer , you will see .
1	anyway , lower back pain is truly awful .
1	i have recurring dreams about my ex partner almost on a weekly basis .
1	when you feel the time is right , ask her for a night out .
1	after that day , he changed his mind and said that his loves me .
1	i waited until the age of thirty , and would you know what happened ?
1	when they ask you about their attractiveness , say they are beautiful .
1	there are approximately 20 million women in our immediate vicinity .
1	that signifies that he is thinking about you all of the time .
1	love is above all else .
1	please ask your wife to obtain and use a webcam .
1	i hope that you are in a similar position .
1	be careful with whom you fall in love .
1	do you care deeply for this individual ?
1	do they act in a way that communicates that they like you ?
1	try to forget that person .
1	when they have a drinking problem i hate to mention it to you .
1	i hope she takes you since she decided not to take me .
1	do not worry that is not strange .
1	this might be an old saying , but it is really good .
1	he is probably not being unfaithful to you .
1	you have to choose either gay clubs or church , but not both simultaneously .
1	you should tell her that she looks nice and that you love her .
1	i am a little scared .
1	why ca n't you if al pacino did ?
1	i have had sex with 2 people and i am 21 years old .
1	i do n't know what i would prefer .
1	this is how i feel .
1	tell him that you do not like him .
1	it is not possible to have your cake and eat it to..
1	should i call her back ?
1	my friend 's ex was very irking and controlling .
1	i like this girl even though i have never talked to her before .
1	should my next actions include placing a return phone call to that female person ?
1	my amicable companion 's previous romantic interest exuded annoying and domineering qualities .
1	when nothing you do is every wrong in his eyes .
1	i find it funny that most men have nothing to flirt with .
1	first off , i can say my girl friend is not on the road .
1	whatever his reason may be , just remember that it is his reason .
1	in any event would not not want to be alive if we are alone ?
1	you will be rewarded if you persist .
1	as a preliminary matter , you are no longer in a relationship with him .
1	there are many possibilities using the what if questions .
1	most of our problems are from doing it our way .
1	that 's the reason she will be unfaithful to you !
1	i would ask if you truly want to begin with a kiss ?
1	i am due in two weeks ; is that ample evidence ?
1	i do not know if he currently has a girlfriend .
1	clash already said what i wanted to .
1	does your heart skip a beat when you see him or her ?
1	men who are unfaithful are secretly homosexual .
1	if you want do see some beautiful young women go to denver , colorado .
1	he should forget about his friends and lead his own life .
1	it most likely wo n't occur . i 'd request a overtly kind child .
1	you should n't make a child only because you can .
1	i have n't , although i 've always really wanted to .
1	i prefer older men , or the same age as myself .
1	you should go out and meet new women .
1	it would not be bad if you dressed nicely and had your hair done .
1	you could let him consume a love potion . the thought is funny .
1	i have done that before and it did not work out .
1	it was done a week and 3 days ago .
1	ask him if one day we talk about the issue ?
1	naturally , it always helps to have someone nice to start dating .
1	you are just using him , if you are not .
1	personally , i would not worry about it .
1	perhaps it is because many people do not believe that they can .
1	classmates.com helped me find a few .
1	there is a thing they do not get at home .
1	that does not matter if two males or females truly care for one another .
1	if i were you , i would n't do it .
1	he loves you or he does n't love you .
1	if you do n't want to have sex , do n't .
1	it depends on how you feel when it 's over .
1	get his number and send him messages every now and then .
1	do n't be cheap in first sight .
1	or what have you been up to now that you were n't doing before .
1	do you get anxious every time the person calls ?
1	maybe your personality is somewhat off .
1	you have not said whether you are a man or a woman .
1	it 's not in the bible , so i 'm not aware .
1	watch how it helps to give ?
1	depends on the dating history of the both of you .
1	to be honest , the list goes on and on .
1	i do not know , but tell me when you find out .
1	i thought that he was looking for someone .
1	i 've gave it a shot once but he knew it was me immediately .
1	i asked a guy out and he said we should sometime .
1	is it just something you want , or is it really something you need .
1	he undertakes many tasks for me .
1	i will inform you of this .
1	it was as if my body ruptured .
1	any chat program has rooms such as this .
1	women do not pay , but men pay enough to make it worthwhile economically .
1	i want to know what you guys think of this .
1	i must admit that i 'm a bit confused by the blog epidemic .
1	i am disgusted by drinking , and any sort of smoking .
1	i frequently ask myself the same question .
1	may i ask why you call yourself darkangle ?
1	is it possible that there is a problem with me ?
1	you ask , `` why do men do this '' ?
1	you both love each other .
1	yes , two years is not a large challenge .
1	please consider ending the relationship .
1	let me reiterate , waiting for marriage is the appropriate thing to do .
1	agree and say you 've never considered that perspective before .
1	she will call you back after you contact her first .
1	i prefer gentlemen , not scoundrals .
1	even the perfect gentleman is n't so perfect .
1	she would n't dare be with another if it is .
1	not all women have this same mindset , just your women .
1	i am not doing it , someone else will do it .
1	i could look at this person forever .
1	she loves you for that .
1	begin a conversation during pillow time with each other .
1	that is not good , it makes all of us look bad .
1	honestly , for better or worse was the vow you made .
1	he says `` i have business trips all over the place lately '' .
1	why do you need a man to take care of you ?
1	if he does then you should consider dating him .
1	doing that is just asking to get hurt .
1	how does he act towards other people when you
1	depending on the time of year , he may be shopping .
1	if he would please do those things without asking , it would be great .
1	you should consider it to be nature 's free gift to everyong .
1	she is willing to share her lunch with you .
1	it is acceptable , providing that you look carefully .
1	the truth of the matter is that i want one .
1	his excuse was that he viewed her as his sister .
1	if you are male then you are setting yourself up for failure .
1	it 's acceptable so long as they are at least 18 years of age .
1	guys do n't care for problems and things like it .
1	the child they already have .
1	i adore him for just being who he is .
1	and could it be possible that he really adores me ?
1	they will always protect you no matter what .
1	good luck , and congrats on the 2 year anniversary .
1	my boyfriend did those things all the time
1	if only we could have multiple !
1	did i say that i think he 's attractive ?
1	marriage is a lifelong decision , my friend !
1	trouble related to love and relationships .
1	marriage is for life , my friend !
1	if you think like that , you should definitely stay offline .
1	the purpose is to let their emotions out , while you listen .
1	that 's definitely because love is blind .
1	let me assure you that this is not a joke .
1	a small number of tatoos are acceptable and certain piercings are very attractive .
1	i prefer that he never buy me flowers .
1	using a cucumber , and a can of shaving cream .
1	that 's when you hand her your american express card .
1	it 's to stop anybody from getting injured .
1	a girlfriend with a nice body and a great personality .
1	try to get his schedule to find out if you like him .
1	touching each other is very close to breaking the rules .
1	it is likely that he will go back .
1	try not to be too harsh when you are reprimanding him .
1	someone who is both smart and funny .
1	it is just going to make them angry .
1	simply do not spend time with them .
1	i can not speak for all women , but i am sure i do .
1	either way , you should not worry about it .
1	your boyfriend will not let you have one .
1	he should think you are the sexy one .
1	try to do things that will take your mind off him .
1	it is the normal appearing people that you should be careful with .
1	you can not live your life only to make other people happy .
1	are you confused if you desire one ?
1	he will be in trouble if he does not remain silent about the matter .
1	loving him requires that you trust him implicitly .
1	i believe in lust at first sight , but love ?
1	it depends on the girl .
1	you should always be the person that you are .
1	how can working out make you stronger ?
1	turn on to bc grant rd , then go one mile to 11th .
1	tell her that even though you are apart , you can still be friends .
1	do n't do anything you do n't feel comfortable with .
1	if you bring a girl to orgasm , she wont leave you .
1	it is up to the guy if he is interested .
1	if you have to ask , then he does n't .
1	anywhere the two of you want to .
1	if so , he probably feels obligated .
1	if you are not married , you should end the relationship .
1	i will be going to the first event .
1	you should spend more time with your wife .
1	i recommend that you not do it regardless of what she says .
1	you should stab at something in close proximity and then move in .
1	if you have seven setbacks in life then get up eight times .
1	it occurs only on days that end in the letter `` y . ''
1	apparently this person wants to have a family with me .
1	that is not a good idea at any time .
1	i think she is trying to indicate that she is ready for physical contact .
1	you will only get hurt in the end .
1	i assume that you are trying to see if he would cheat on you .
1	i just do not think there is hope .
1	perhaps intimacy over the phone with each other .
1	you should inform her about how important she is to you .
1	whatever happens , do the best that you can do .
1	otherwise , i agree with you entirely .
1	try one with a special room , the empty side , or the outside .
1	i 'm not being gross , do you understand what i 'm indicating ?
1	why do i want him back ?
1	if he loves you , then he 'll wait for you .
1	i gave him a nice card for christmas .
1	if you love jesus christ first , he will bless you .
1	i am going to a place with a pool table .
1	you have never even seen a picture of her .
1	i just checked , and they have versions of the song .
1	health or sickness ; rich or poor ; better or worse .
1	if he is nice , then maybe things will work out this time !
1	no , it 's not bad at all .
1	hello mate , your problem is the same as mine .
1	he also says it bothers him when guys leave me comments .
1	no , it is not bad at all .
1	hello , friend , you and i have the same problem .
1	he says it bothers him , too , that men leave me comments .
1	when you are 'in love ' with someone it happens .
1	what is they wanted to wait until they got married ?
1	my mother always said that actions speak louder than words .
1	if you are wondering whether it is love then it is n't as yet .
1	my girlfriend used to get jealous quite often .
1	if you do n't want a child , you must use a condom .
1	i believe you should answer that question .
1	you should inquire whether he likes men .
1	my boyfriend engages in many activities of which i do not approve .
1	you should tell then to let you know .
1	males think on sexual things at all times .
1	this is the cause behind the divorce rate being so high .
1	greetings , would you like to be my male romantic partner ?
1	i am interested in one man , but i never engage him in conversation .
1	all men think about sex constantly .
1	this is the reason why the divorce rate is so high .
1	pardon me , but would you like to be my boyfriend ?
1	did he behave like this before you married him ?
1	what will you do now with your free time ?
1	it is dependent both on the weather and were you live .
1	when someone loves you , they watch out for you .
1	if you have been spending time with a man for over a month .
1	any information that you can find would be much appreciated .
1	does it matter if she loves you as well ?
1	regardless of what happens , she is too special for you to part ways .
1	if you are in love , your life is going to be difficult .
1	do you intend to keep the promise you made ?
1	please speak to that person 's best friend .
1	and it is not this man .
1	would you love that person regardless of whether or not that happened ?
1	i do n't want to be noisy .
1	but it was oh so much fun getting there .
1	when you talk about other girls , she gets mad .
1	i do not want to pry .
1	but getting there was fun .
1	it is is my room , so i can watch .
1	she becomes angry when you talk about other girls .
1	because it 's a huge deal for me .
1	because they enjoy having sex with someone new .
1	it cuts in both directions i believe .
1	when you are not a fan of something do you call it gay ?
1	be courted by an alternatively selected individual while neglecting to inform any individuals .
1	when you are unattractive , what is there to risk ?
1	why do people not fancy african girls ?
1	you need to learn more about the situation .
1	i completely sympathize with you .
1	men do not mess around like women .
1	however , he is a man with three children and married .
1	i am a female , but i do not understand it .
1	that will likely take all of the stress off of you .
1	you need to question her frequently about what she feels for you .
1	show her , or tell her how much you love her .
1	if he truly loves you . he 'll change his ways .
1	that 's ' what i see . i 'm an average man .
1	if you are not willing to do it , someone should be .
1	men do not like to be with a weak woman .
1	it is possible you have too many trixies in your life .
1	they can do so but it does not appear to be likely .
1	i suggest that you do n't think of it as spying .
1	he was constantly on my mind at all times .
1	if you are looking for a life partner , then it matters .
1	he spends less time with you because you always have an excuse .
1	if they agree or say maybe , then ask her to do something .
1	someone who is not a complainer or conceited .
1	go out to the club and ask some girls .
1	absolutely not , does he have a brother ?
1	it will not work if you want a partner who eats panipuri .
1	it may be old fashioned , but it is romantic .
1	now you have seen his true personality .
1	he knows how to use words to sexually manipulate people .
1	i hope i was of assistance to you .
1	i assume that there is a reason you would take your wife .
1	i suggest you ask him if he wants to be your boyfriend .
1	since it will be her ring , it should be something that she likes .
1	but never push , worry , and distress .
1	i do not care if they are popular .
1	that may not be the best choice , though .
1	no , you 'd have been a jerk had you said yes !
1	if you 're interested in it , go ahead .
1	opening doors is charming , but that ca n't run low .
1	you do n't have to have friends to get a girl .
1	because your getting older and they ant you to be content .
1	girl , i 've already been there and done that .
1	surprise him when he arrives home and smell the area .
1	it would mean he is really unfriendly .
1	butterflies in the stomach , do you know what i mean ?
1	if you want my honest opinion , absolutely not .
1	if you do not want to be together forever , then yes .
1	it depends ; however , it would have to be a serious matter .
1	be quiet and extract yourself from this situation .
1	i recommend that you wait until you are at least 30 years of age .
1	the simple solution is to approach her .
1	yes , the subject at matter is deemed sinful and considered illegal .
1	the female calms down after i do not give her any attention .
1	express amusement audibly simply nuzzle up to the female from a rearward position .
1	alleviate some stress ... a large majority of females grapple with this complication .
1	i believe men with long hair look unkempt and effeminate .
1	it may be 46 if you are wealthy .
1	the area of uptown attracts young , wealthy individuals .
1	90 % of women require more than penetration to achieve orgasm .
1	if your partner is unfaithful , you should end the relationship .
1	you asked a very good question !
1	do you enjoy the doormat position ?
1	did you ask her why she did it ?
1	if he is not eating then he is flirting .
1	show some courage by talking to her and asking her out .
1	i am sorry that it did not work out .
1	i and boy who attends my school have his picture and number .
1	many people say `` yahoo chat '' .
1	ask your girlfriend , because she obviously knows them best .
1	i 'm trying to figure out if she is playing with me .
1	but i think it will only effect you if you want a life partner .
1	it is worth what you get for the amount of money .
1	do not believe everything you see in a movie .
1	if you do that you will regret it .
1	darling , the first romantic relationship is always tough .
1	would you be offended if she slept with your friends ?
1	my last statement may have gone a bit too far .
1	is it possible that i am showing my ignorance ?
1	i would not be classified as insane whatsoever .
1	make a turn on manchester expressway and then go 1.4 miles .
1	do n't you have other needs than that ?
1	and continue your bussiness like it was nothing .
1	you were n't annoying , you were a gentleman !
1	you should go along the next time he goes on a business trip .
1	you should act in a flirty way and ask her to the movies .
1	perhaps her birthstone as well as the one belonging to yourself .
1	you moments ago stated that he has romantic feelings for an alternative individual .
1	i have previously communicated this information in numerous disparate yet equivalent ... ?
1	i hope you are able to find your soul mate .
1	she may be depressed , not angry with you .
1	i do not know . everything is looking down , not up .
1	tell him to stop chatting online all the time and begin excercising .
1	find someone who is comfortable with it , then ask .
1	do whatever your heart tells you .
1	if you two have a strong bond outside of dating that is .
1	despite what it may seem , i 'm not that sad .
1	i believe she is approximately 50 years old .
1	place value on devoted friends and express your love for your partner !
1	therefore , its reality is not defined solely by the presence of male individuals .
1	my husband will not , but perhaps someone else 's husband will .
1	you should be unkind and not find affection in him anymore .
1	do you know who houdini is ?
1	it may seem like you are using it for your own benefit .
1	good luck , and go get them .
1	i first saw her at the family meeting and immediately liked her .
1	if nobody can do it for you , then you have to stop .
1	there are plenty of other girls out there .
1	i have on more than one occasion , and i am a dude !
1	i do not have that specific kind of fetish .
1	another man would not happen .
1	should i try to talk to him again ?
1	they say that sex for women means family , love , and safety .
1	do not be afraid of embarrassing yourself .
1	my entire body began convulsing , uncontrollably .
1	they desire to lower the sexual instinct factor .
1	is it possible she is not a girl ?
1	please send any helpful information available .
1	it is not preferable to be either one of those options .
1	he will find joy if another person is also joyous .
1	put your greatest effort in staying close on an emotional level .
1	she is fond of you , however , she has some immature qualities .
1	what is the worst thing she could say ?
1	you are exchanging phone numbers with her ?
1	if things are meant to be , they will fall into place .
1	how aroused you are will determine how wet you will get .
1	my mother chose a younger guy .
1	you should not trust him if he is in a different area code .
1	however , i am not sure what i am doing wrong .
1	we buy each other things and leave it there until we find them .
1	you can still be his friend .
1	instead of agreeing you should be excited .
1	you never really forget about it .
1	there are many more ways , but i have to go now .
1	if that is the case , then i would bet yes .
1	i just knew , but not in a childish way .
1	you can be shy , but you can also speak your mind whenever necessary .
1	i know a guy who has cp .
1	do you need someone around if you have to keep proving yourself to them ?
1	no , as long as you do it as well .
1	you must ask yourself `` do i deserve better than this ? ''
1	tell them how you feel about them .
1	do not give him a reason not to .
1	asian girls are no different than other girls .
1	do not answer it if you do not need to .
1	perhaps you will receive one as a gift for christmas .
1	that 's why they come .
1	you can succeed longer .
1	i know someone who wants to work .
1	i am questioning whether i would date someone 30 years older than me
1	look outside , it 's everywhere .
1	i do not like to babysit on my days off .
1	there is no reason for you to want to leave .
1	to love and to be loved are the greatest things on this earth .
1	you could put the plane tickets in a large box and wrap it .
1	dress nicely and go dancing at a night club with your female friends .
1	perhaps they are not searching for a future partner/wife .
1	if he states yes , then you 'll know .
1	he 's not attracted to you . he 's a homosexual .
1	why do men state that they need sex ?
1	do you think of it similar to this ?
1	do n't be rude , be yourself .
1	would you like to get together sometime ?
1	you are allotted plenty of time , so please take your time .
1	i am extremely fond of a forceful woman !
1	but it 's helpful to know what girls enjoy .
1	yes , i 'm intrigued by this question as well .
1	the women who is also my wife .
1	i am not seeking a relationship .
1	why can your dad not be friends with jen ?
1	personally , i do not know what to say when my boyfriends compliments me .
1	spend time remember why you got married to begin with .
1	try sitting her down and talking about it .
1	if he is a fried you should be able to simply ask him .
1	try sending her a love letter expressing exactly how you feel about her .
1	how do i know that it is her ?
1	have you happened to see the movie a lot like love ?
1	i think a restraint would be of great use .
1	however , i never again saw my cousin .
1	mature woman are great companions .
1	if he loves you , he wo n't be going anywhere .
1	well , what should he state ?
1	put your children first every time .
1	if you enjoy my advice email me at tech_boy001 @ yahoo.com .
1	i am going there like this now .
1	what is there not to be attracted to by that ?
1	men like women 's breast because they started to resemble a butt .
1	make friends with them and ask them out .
1	donald d is knowledgable , listen to him .
1	you will find the right man soon .
1	you will be flabbergasted .
1	and then , be a good listener .
1	he might see that as a fun activity .
1	if not just make her remember why she loves you in the first place .
1	it 's definitely not worth losing your friend over .
1	she does tell me that she 's in love with me .
1	some men are weak and goalless .
1	i do n't recommend asking somebody upon the first meeting .
1	you could spill a smoothing on his shoes .
1	maybe she is in love with it .
1	there is not a clear way of knowing .
1	she does not say much ; i wonder why .
1	love is love . live and let live .
1	i do not know why , so i am frightened .
1	even so , men are almost always that way .
1	i would prefer it if he was not so skinny .
1	you must ask a question to get an answer .
1	i have the same problem . please tell me the answer .
1	do not bother with them if they have ever cheated on someone .
1	find out if this guy still likes you , then email me .
1	thank you for your comment , and i love your enthusiasm .
1	if she enjoys your company , you will be in her good graces .
1	they want to be with you always .
1	if he really loves you , then words do not matter .
1	i believe that for most men love is simply a want .
1	that is incorrect because that is desirable to your heart .
1	i repeatedly feel love affection for my significant other .
1	why are you not happy for yourself ?
1	everything is well with a pair of children .
1	just admit she 's right to everything she says .
1	it 's like they are addicted to it !
1	second , just say to him you rather not hangout .
1	if we are psycho , so be it !
1	sorry , but it 's not your duty .
1	my goodness ! that leaves me incredulous .
1	you should always keep your eyes open for other opportunities .
1	do you think he loves me ?
1	i am going out with my best friend , who is a guy .
1	you do not want a man . you want a servant .
1	sit down and talk to him .
1	with that said , let 's talk about the guy who left to think .
1	it is like the air we breathe .
1	most assuredly you will , once you are a married person .
1	blondes , or red headed people , i apologize .
1	i agree , it does depend on the woman in question .
1	any length more than two and a half inches is a very enjoyable thing .
1	the definition of `` lust '' , is being first with another person .
1	that is , if you also want to be `` just friends '' .
1	dead fish ollec , the fishmonger
1	do not coerce yourself to like somebody .
1	honestly , you should tell him to adopt himself a child .
1	how do men get cured of chlamydia ?
1	no parents or children .
1	ask questions , but also know when to listen quietly .
1	please only ask her father and your boss .
1	what gift should i give him for christmas ?
1	you may ask her to go on a date with you .
1	your future mate may reside in europe .
1	i enjoy women who have whiskers .
1	( i believe i am correct . )
1	if not , do not change your schedule .
1	my friends who have remarried seem to do that .
1	i am overly emotional and had to vent .
1	if you do not like it , then it is wrong .
1	how can i know if she likes me or not ?
1	your partner should love you .
1	i have so much going on , not often enough .
1	you should have sex a few times , get married , then have sextuplets .
1	do you think i should call him ?
1	do n't degrade yourself . there are many great sexy men .
1	this is only when you are serious about the relationship you are in .
1	the wedding and marriage , they are not only about her .
1	behave as you name state , `` triple h '' .
1	he married her and started a family with her because he adored her .
1	it 's funny that men are always available .
1	she laughs and we dream with one another , we can not stop smiling .
1	what would you recommend i do ?
1	he is definitely cheating on you .
1	i like guys with long hair .
1	will he divorce her ?
1	you have a lot of nerve .
1	buy her flowers or some other gift she would not expect to receive .
1	you married him -- not his sister or the rest of his family .
1	ask him why he likes you .
1	it sounds like test of your loyalty .
1	does that mean that they 're not in love with their first love ?
1	ask him why he likes you .
1	it sounds like a test of your loyalty and all of that junk .
1	that does mean that they 're not still in love with their first love .
1	i 'm 24 years old . my wife is 35 .
1	get over it , and get on with your life .
1	bon jovi will be there for you .
1	the way she acts and the people she associate with .
1	he is constantly thinking about family , whereas i have only had my
1	but what is my reward for hanging in there ?
1	men , especially teenagers , tend to think about sex a lot .
1	no means no , whether you like it or not .
1	can you tell me something about yourself ?
1	my boyfriend is in brooklyn , ny .
1	you do not want to hurt her .
1	it is pretty clear that the two of you are not an item yet .
1	when we love a person we desire to see them happy .
1	that is the key , and the rest will follow .
1	friends that hate me does n't sound ideal .
1	it depends upon what kind of women you like .
1	men do n't play head games usually , that 's for women .
1	you need a man that 's going to love you , for yourself .
1	such as when you think , before listening to your heart .
1	both he and i are very attractive and successful .
1	it would absolutely be just us , and that 's the issue !
1	let him kiss you , unless it makes you uncomfortable .
1	then , find a great man and have great intercourse !
1	try to date a girl that has a lot in common with you .
1	how old are you ?
1	and i am always pondering on the fact she may find someone better .
1	you walk up to this person and ask them for a date .
1	i awaken several times and toss and turn , i just never feel rejuvenated .
1	because women have vaginas that we want to stick it in .
1	it is always important to have experiences whether they are good or bad .
1	and if the answer is no then consider initiating a date .
1	some men have an affinity towards being bald .
1	wait until you turn thirty-five , that when life get great .
1	once a cheater , always will be .
1	also go see my best friends wedding .
1	when the other person is always on your mind
1	i believe those would definitely help you !
1	anywhere that you like making love is heavenly .
1	and it has got to be a two way street .
1	how much younger ? honestly , some women do that .
1	if there is n't one hundred percent trust then i would wait .
1	i believe it really depends on what the woman is searching for .
1	i suppose it can be a resteraunt .
1	how can i encourage a guy to ask me out ?
1	if kids are involved , you have to do what is best for them .
1	she will not care after that .
1	men do such things because they can often get away with it .
1	i am a virgin so anything would be helpful .
1	i have noticed that it depends on the girl involved .
1	i 'm very pleased to have one woman .
1	you ca n't let anyone pursue you like that .
1	you also need to take things slow if she wants .
1	i had four children for him .
1	men will do that sort of thing .
1	if you need to hear i love you than you are not in love .
1	just listen to what she has to say .
1	all good things come to those who wait .
1	i would not do him again , i did not enjoy it .
1	report abuse . how old is everybody present ?
1	laundry . my goodness , next question , please .
1	i do not like sharing my guys .
1	i have been with my romantic companion for roughly a year now .
1	we are not required to search every store location .
1	most of the woman doo not follow up on their promises .
1	i know it is difficult but you will find an adequate man soon .
1	if any , let him make the first move .
1	embrace your wonderful abilities , then trust in yourself and keep going .
1	every time i do something nice for people i get the blow off .
1	asians have a fortune , no doubting that .
1	it is painful to be rejected so there is n't a shortcut around it .
1	it is wonderful to conversation with a mature woman .
1	then go make him a pie .
1	if it 's meant to succeed , it will , so be patient .
1	if that is not the case he might be obligated to do it .
1	in washington dc the ratio of men to women is huge .
1	to some it is a laffy taffy answer .
1	we are odd about such things .
1	it depends , to which country do you belong ?
1	it would depend on how the chat goes .
1	i may be 52 , but i did n't start out that old !
1	if you do n't talk to her , then yeah .
1	if you get feelings , they are the result of your lust .
1	if she loves you , and you love her , then stay with her !
1	you should be who you are .
1	wait until you get married .
1	i hope everything works out , and feel free to email me .
1	dress attractively , and then undress .
1	i do n't know what to do .
1	you should tell him to stop bothering you .
1	i do not know , did you ask him where he is going ?
1	only if you want it to .
1	firstly , try gaining her father 's trust .
1	girl on girl is wonderful , but guy on guy is revolting .
1	ladies and gentlemen , please answer me for i am drowning , here !
1	it takes me a little time ; is that okay ?
1	he wants to have what he feels belongs to him .
1	you need to have faith in another person .
1	it sounds as though he wants to have his cake and eat it too .
1	you may learn a few things if you watch the movied `` hitch . ''
1	we have attempted yahoo personals , chat rooms , gay bars , etc .
1	their best advertisement is a satisfied customer .
1	i wonder if she is around 12 .
1	you should tell him what is on your mind .
1	not really , but why are you asking this question ?
1	he may possibly have a girlfriend .
1	go for the quickest solution .
1	just be honest with him .
1	be thankful it happened before you two got married .
1	can you have your cousin talk to him ?
1	it is unlawful to engage is sexual activity with a minor .
1	the traditional song `` happy birthday '' is always appropriate .
1	particularly if you consider yourself unattractive .
1	you have multitudes of it .
1	if you do not do it , you will regret it .
1	i do not wish to legally separate because of the children .
1	i am sure that you perform the appropriate hygeinic neccessities each day .
1	the best combination is talk , dark and handsome .
1	paul is not normal , and neither are you .
1	i missed the opportunity to save 3 % .
1	i thought i met my soulmate online .
1	do you thing my best friend will cheat on me because of my jealousy ?
1	i truly like a girl but she is currently unaware of my affection .
1	i hope that you are successful in figuring this state of affairs out .
1	these girls are not horrifying or monstrous .
1	learn methods to use no matter what your size is .
1	do not beg for their friendship either !
1	they all divorced , the women remarrying a few years after the fact .
1	they are not as scorned as you .
1	only his boyfriend knows for sure .
1	believe it or not , guys tend to daydream more than girls .
1	you need to be careful because it is a co-worker .
1	do i ask him if he likes me when i call him back ?
1	i love my boyfriend , and he loves me .
1	if he is a guy , then he is cheating on you .
1	why surprise her after you have eaten ?
1	please show up naked and bring beer .
1	do not worry , because you will meet someone someday .
1	try falling in love with him again , regardless of his unintelligent sister .
1	if you have doubt in your gut about the situation .
1	you should never marry a man simply for the sake of children .
1	take a look at the vehicles that they are driving .
1	it may happen if they contact you just to say hello .
1	some men prefer women who are not too slender .
1	you should dispense with the tacky and cheap pick up lines to lure women .
1	why should i look at pornography when you are there in bed ?
1	he will like you much less when you do .
1	[ fragment ] if you both like movies .
1	she is acting unusually .
1	saying she 's beautiful , makes a woman feel special .
1	try this , do n't be stingy .
1	i college at least.it 's not legal , at my college at least .
1	it makes it much more precious when you do say it !
1	i also prefer my guys to be big .
1	love will not fade away if you do not let it .
1	i think it would be awesome for a man to have it personalized !
1	you should question him if he has a girlfriend .
1	no matter if it 's verbal , mental , physical , or sexual .
1	girl , age is only a number .
1	you are looking at the suburb definition of cute .
1	just communicate what is on your mind .
1	you have to have trust in a relationship .
1	some males fear rejection as much as do females .
1	i like her very much , however .
1	make sure to ask him about his fantasy .
1	meet some girls while you are in college .
1	does he say it only after you say it ?
1	be strong and stop the torturing of an innocent child .
1	i gave him a nice tip .
1	karma will reward your good deeds .
1	hold her hand while you are watching television tonight .
1	you may have made those vows for no reason .
1	i love him and i do not want this situation to end our relationship .
1	soon , you will be going on various types of adventures together .
1	i felt sorry for him , even though i know i should n't have .
1	i get the impression that he was joking .
1	this is now , always and forever to stop asking questions .
1	yes , being a guy i can relate to that .
1	do n't let him kiss you in the dark
1	i prefer men with short hair .
1	make a person love you by being lovable in return .
1	i believe that about 90 % believe that to be true .
1	i would like my wedding to be perfect .
1	she already likes you , so the hard part is over .
1	why not the precious moments store ?
1	it is clear that counseling is needed .
1	buy those people some white socks .
1	cause her to become envious by making advances towards her friends .
1	yahoo chat is acceptable and it has no cost .
1	they are the person that never says `` no '' .
1	i would not believe that only her 's is a reasonable idea .
1	is it possible that he is attempting to make me jealous ?
1	i am amazed . why did you limit the query to only 2005 ?
1	when you are married , she should take your last name .
1	you should walk up to her and tell her .
1	when she speaks , listen so that you can learn what is bothering her .
1	sometimes you strike out , but most of the time it works out .
1	please do not kill me before i finish ... lots of love .
1	i can buy them myself or ask him to get them .
1	you are in a rut .
1	in western countries , virginity is no big deal
1	ask him if he has a brother .
1	ask to be friends if she says no .
1	do n't do it just to please your boyfriend .
1	the membership offers unlimited music downloads for a one-year period .
1	they will never gossip about you .
1	it 's as if no one is willing to give me the information .
1	would you recommend i stay , in an effort to work the relationship out ?
1	i own a phone with a camera , so does she .
1	it is not needed to inform her at the very start .
1	males think with their minds , women tend to react and think using emotions .
1	am i losing my best friend ?
1	is he truly abusive or are you making this up ?
1	firstly , it depends on your age .
1	woman such as those are extremely friendly .
1	do n't have an affair . especially not with her friend .
1	what 's the worse he could say , correct ?
1	if you truly love each other , you 'll find a way .
1	i believe that a problem for you to solve , no offense .
1	some females do that , push it on yourself to leave .
1	he needs better friends if they are that immature .
1	and if you enjoy something you always return back .
1	that man is smiling strange and asking simple questions .
1	if you despise someone then the feeling is probably mutual .
1	work your hardest while being true to yourself .
1	i can feel when i am right most of the time .
1	wait to say it until you are more intimate .
1	it is fine if you are over 30 years old .
1	many kind , intelligent girls .
1	do not see him a final time .
1	you only have one first time , so make it the best possible experience .
1	do not get a sunburn on your honeymoon !
1	i do not know him , but i am guessing .
1	although , it has only been two years .
1	women are better swindlers than men are .
1	if she makes advances towards other men , she is likely afraid of commitment .
1	do n't be concerned , if the women need you or not .
1	or you can cyber chat online , etc .
1	i must terminate it . i need to know how .
1	i do n't know you and have n't met you .
1	women want sex as much as much as men .
1	she only wants a good grade . forget about it , old man .
1	never be disappointed , and remember that you must fail in order to succeed .
1	it does not matter if they are older men or younger men .
1	oh ! there is hope -- much hope . trust me .
1	yes . because we need to get to know people .
1	it depends on whether you can find another homosexual nearby .
1	surprise her with flowers . forget the sex .
1	perhaps she thinks negatively of you .
1	i think there 's more intimacy with a person you 're in love with .
1	must boys wonder about the worth of girls ?
1	because they are extremely interesting .
1	females do n't have to work as hard because males are easy to attract .
1	it 's funny and i agree with wendy on that point .
1	do you understand my position ?
1	above all he and i must have similar interests .
1	but do not worry , there will be other me for you .
1	not too long , not enough to reach your shoulders .
1	men just have urges when they are around pretty women .
1	mastrurbation can be a substitute for sexual activity .
1	be there for others by helping out and showing friendship .
1	you should kiss someone when you feel the urge .
1	i find that boring .
1	inform him that it 's your first kiss .
1	i found it . so i do n't have to go looking again .
1	you want to be allowed to play .
1	it 's not possible , if they 're concerned about you .
1	obsessing over them , or dying at a young age in terrible .
1	at least three to four times a week .
1	therefore take it slowly and carefully .
1	i recommend simply leaving it alone .
1	here is the deal : there is both love and lust .
1	there are many questions that need to be addressed before you get married .
1	are they bad girls , similar to how some girls like bad guys ?
1	did you ever stop and think that he owns you ?
1	how much do you like him ?
1	guys can be jerks , even when they are trying to be nice .
1	do you believe in love at first sight ?
1	yes , it is definitely normal for a female to have male friends .
1	one should continuously keep an eye on girls , both far and near .
1	no , he is a player , that 's all .
1	if so , how much does the celebration warrant ?
1	using sex as a weapon is unacceptable .
1	however , that does not mean you do not have a chance with them .
1	once in a while , as long as it is not happening frequently .
1	better to not ; it is not likely . why ? are they older ?
1	it 's how you receive a career , dumb !
1	anyways , he may be saying it because that 's how he really feels .
1	you are not physically attracted to him .
1	i spent a total of $ 65 on christmas presents for him .
1	i believe that he is very interested in your curvaceous body !
1	if you 're intimidated , she will know .
1	if she is like that , you can take her to a park .
1	it depends on how much younger .
1	are you a complete prude or anything ?
1	you do not deserve a man like this .
1	consider interviewing with playboy magazine or something along those lines .
1	it is not a good idea to get physical with her .
1	he cares more about this girl than he cares about himself .
1	it is from a 14-year-old boy .
1	three of my friends were backstabbed by another friend of mine .
1	should fatherly be where it is on the list ?
1	first , you should be careful around the people you hang out with .
1	if the situation got to that point , a real man would leave .
1	they either do or they do not .
1	that , however , does not make it right .
1	it is not good , i will reveal that much .
1	why would anybody care how much money he spent ?
1	it is just the two of us : grover washington and bill withers
1	you should show off your bosom and use a seductive glance .
1	i am going to say , `` no ! ''
1	you can begin by spelling loser correctly .
1	but i really love my boyfriend .
1	it is sort of like if walmart sold xxx movies .
1	the mysterious and fun-loving brunettes .
1	girls think the same thing about guys , but the other way around .
1	because you are always looking at these ridiculous converstions on this darn computer !
1	if you have not done so , do not let it bother you .
1	you turn onto wilbanks road and go 10.3 miles
1	there can and never will be trust between you because of how it started .
1	well , i know how you feel .
1	you can not just find it , you have to create it .
1	i got to know this girl through online chat .
1	however , she never told you ( as she had no need to ) .
1	not my vision of a boyfriend .
1	act like i ca n't see him , wave ?
1	that people even have to ask questions like this one is perplexing to me .
1	what you believe girls do n't wan na have ?
1	near by a jewelry store .
1	the true opinion females have of men .
1	i am in similar circumstances .
1	search for the country you desire in yahoo messenger .
1	firmly tell him your answer is no .
1	she may not acknowledge you if you do n't .
1	it is not smart to stay with someone who is cheating on you .
1	neither his female friends nor my female friends are our type .
1	you both need to find something better to do with your lives .
1	unless your mother has a good reason to worry ?
1	it should be what the girl likes .
1	maybe you can have some back door action with her .
1	i would know . i have a crush .
1	well , i hope i helped you out .
1	girls like romantic guys .
1	do not listen to anything .
1	if you really love him let him tell you when he really loves you .
1	why can you not find girls in college ?
1	he could n't find good flowers but like 's you .
1	do n't come on too strong at first .
1	be yourself no matter who is watching .
1	of course it could be that she wants him to marry her .
1	i care about her , and she cares about me , too .
1	i bet you would do whatever it takes for italian leather .
1	i would take you in with lots of love and no judgments .
1	i recommend that you attempt to move on .
1	if that 's how you feel then it 's not a problem .
1	in the meantime , let 's all act responsibly .
1	in my opinion , having a good voice is also helpful .
1	by which i mean that it needed to be cared for .
1	i would like for you to rate this answer as the best , please .
1	i use a similar approach when courting women .
1	i despise her for not protecting me .
1	your husband would not have married you if he did not want you
1	i 'm 14 and seeking advice .
1	she invites you to go places with her .
1	men are not complicated like women are .
1	judas priest turbo lover has just the right rhythm and sound for the occasion .
1	i would be fully natural about it .
1	nobody deserves to be abused in any way-not one person !
1	as long as the key 's are n't gummy .
1	at the very least they can drink , i believe ?
1	i believe it 's because women judge people by how they look .
1	beware and just give it time .
1	secondly , why would she hate you for leaving .
1	no , it is not wrong .
1	it will happen if he finds another girl who can meet his needs .
1	no matter where you meet people you should exercise caution .
1	you should n't judge yourself so harshly .
1	true love will find you ; the opposite is not necessarily true .
1	do n't give into the temptation of divorce .
1	that baby deserves a chance to survive .
1	please email me back the answer .
1	that is what the power of nature forced them to do .
1	i think you should read `` he 's just not into me '' .
1	just get irritated or upset .
1	you are just being friendly with her if you are just talking to her .
1	males often have these thoughts about females .
1	mothers often think they know what is best , and they usually are correct .
1	if one is shy online , they should consider seeking help .
1	you told me your feelings have changed .
1	please tell me about yourself , rudha .
1	start your conversation simply by saying you like the way she always smiles .
1	but men do n't mean it that way at all .
1	or give it time for someone else to do it before you .
1	question is n't complete , you must determine the type of girls .
1	then you are an awful memory .
1	sex is only for people who are married .
1	bad patterns are difficult to stop .
1	i have many favorite colors . i like the color blue the most .
1	although we cohabitate , we do n't get much time by ourselves .
1	if you 're in doubt , you should speak with her doctors .
1	i would think that way would have made it more special .
1	what is your age ? you seem to be lacking in knowledge .
1	if a man cheats , he is not worth much .
1	there is an age old saying : nature knows .
1	i witness people making mistakes everyday , including with love .
1	that holds true whether or not you did anything wrong !
1	people who are happier get on with life .
1	also , `` one time at band camp '' .
1	there is n't a good age to get married
1	dude , have you watched `` forty year old virgin '' ?
1	do n't force yourself to experience it .
1	your heart will inform you if you are in love .
1	why would you enter a situation you have no experience with ?
1	though i miss her every day .
1	she may have the experience you are looking for .
1	love is the gut feeling that you receive .
1	i desire to know if i fit in .
1	i like men who are my height or taller .
1	it also depends on how the guy behaves .
1	he will try to have sex with you .
1	i wish i could of had a longer childhood .
1	perhaps they 'll return to see who else has answered .
1	that 's what i heard .
1	it depends upon some size measurements .
1	my ex girlfriend acts insane at times .
1	you 'll certainly will be lucky .
1	why would you ever date a man who would cheat on his wife ?
1	it depends upon how much you 'd like to invest .
1	there 's nothing sexy about that bodily function .
1	do you see how he looks at you , girl ?
1	due to that , she will worship you . is that bad ?
1	i have sympathy for the women that you interact with .
1	due to the way they obtain the diamonds .
1	ask her what she wants , or have her make a list for you .
1	women deal better with emotions , than most men do .
1	if you want to obtain that class of man , show a little leg .
1	they stated they meant it to be flirty .
1	step four is getting to know your love interest .
1	be the girl who is fun , the one he knew in the beginning .
1	i will ask : did it hurt and then what did they say ?
1	i am not sure what her fule should be !
1	honey , those days are long gone !
1	mostly , it depends on sex or past , among other qualities .
1	sure , what do you have to lose ?
1	staying inside or sleeping only makes it harder to recover .
1	if you would really want to know , ask him .
1	find another man for your sexual needs . not everyone is good at everything .
1	what is a good movie to go to when you are on a date ?
1	we can talk more on yahoo , mikegoti1972 @ yahoo.com .
1	are you seeing the bigger picture .
1	was i early , she seemed like she approved the term .
1	i believe it depends how this cousin is connected to you .
1	if the woman is not my daughter , i 'm the luckiest man .
1	be straightforward . inform him what occurred and apologize .
1	who stated americans are the only ones .
1	god did such a great job making women . every man wants one .
1	i appreciate all of it , their shape , and softness , everything !
1	what leads you to the knowledge it is them ?
1	it was very similar to looking upon tommy lasorda .
1	more often than not , they will go for the money .
1	i do not want to get caught .
1	just like me , they long to be close to you .
1	is it bad to have rough sex ?
1	do not let him get to you .
1	i need more money .
1	i have been asking the same question for years .
1	you 're the backup boyfriend . end it , you 're getting played with .
1	there 's no shame in waiting for the right time .
1	i lost my virginity when i was drunk , at seventeen .
1	that depends on what you use it for .
1	do not think another thing about it , honey .
1	it does not matter that she is black ; a girl is a girl !
1	what was his reply after you asked him ?
1	try not to think about what your doing .
1	be patient and there for him , different people have different reactions .
1	what does me loving to kiss girls have to do with pets ?
1	your positive there 's no doubt ?
1	i do not want to sound mean but i wonder why you care .
1	do not get married until you are financially stable .
1	i think that it is spelled `` amorous '' .
1	and if they really love you , then they will wait !
1	in conclusion , involve yourself with the world and live your life .
1	that sounds a lot like my 10th grade year .
1	however , they are still dating and still living together .
1	well , does age have anything to do with it ?
1	the question i ask is , should i or should i not ?
1	this was something that actually worked for me on one occasion .
1	they could n't of so easily found the correct person .
1	men look for the same as women do in men , security .
1	it 's one of the best books i 've ever read .
1	men have different preferences regarding sizes .
1	in a wedding ceremony , do the ring bearers walk before the flower girls ?
1	if she thinks you are spying then the outcome may not be good .
1	it could be lust at first sight .
1	ask a friend to ask him or her.if you stalk him or her , then
1	is someone teasing her at school ?
1	there will be no copulation , only monetary compensation .
1	your date would enjoy attending . however , you may find it somewhat long .
1	i am grateful for the sympathy of others .
1	i would , simply to be nice..
1	no , obviously you know that she has a boyfriend .
1	if he does that and he loves , his little girl stays .
1	show her how to eat properly , and encourage her each day .
1	i hated my life after that .
1	females tend to like many frivolous things .
1	find couples to spend time with !
1	also , he has been my best friend for over a year .
1	however , this is not a guarantee . some men are not mature .
1	flirt with her until she is aware of your feelings .
1	i definitely would want to be aware .
1	your relationship is definitely somewhat different .
1	it 's your decision whether to stay or leave .
1	you should n't make it about race .
1	no you do not , but you will need a lawyer for each state .
1	they may not be the issue , it may be you .
1	now tell me , what do you think ?
1	you should let everybody know who he is and location .
1	if you attempt it , you 're not very smart .
1	naked pictures are not my best work .
1	i agree . that is funny .
1	it depends whether or not the two of you are in a relationship .
1	be sure to check her ring finger .
1	it is better , however it can be more painful .
1	both parties need to be ready and willing to go .
1	it is important to me to express this , they are in the wrong .
1	what about his wife hillary ?
1	you treat cds , shirts , dvds , an iou or the like .
1	he still does n't care even after arguing about it .
1	she will get even more upset when you decide to abandon her .
1	mind your own business .
1	you 're the man she promised her love to by marriage .
1	it completely depends upon your preferences .
1	if you 're a woman , then you need to know how to kiss .
1	i do n't want an unattractive boyfriend .
1	i masturbate almost ten to twelve times a day .
1	always behave in your nature and your honesty and you will get them .
1	same goes with instant messaging ; do not archive your messages .
1	otherwise he will never know that you have a problem .
1	because too dumb makes no difference .
1	what in the world should i do ?
1	and so we can share it with other people .
1	are you aware of his past ?
1	i use myspace and zanga , check them out .
1	honestly , i think that you should just be straightforward with him .
1	but that is me .
1	i 'm sorry you 're having a lonely christmas .
1	you 're considering it , correct ?
1	maybe your family is trying to save you from making a terrible mistake ?
1	i 'm spending a majority of my time there .
1	they mean they would never do anything to harm you .
1	it 's natural , unless she is going all out o get your attention .
1	you do n't bother with a girl like that .
1	life is a single way road , and god !
1	huge , tiny , crooked , perky , appearance has no affect .
1	you must look beyond his attractive physical appearance .
1	a pleasant man who is not concerned with the desires of women .
1	you are certainly able to love what is appropriate and hate what is appropriate .
1	i engage in this action on at least three occassions throughout a day .
1	that took a while to just say : relax .
1	he had a transplant to hear .
1	some men would find blondes , redheads , or even gray hair sexy .
1	if you put them all together , it 's the perfect women .
1	men believe that sometimes no means yes , and yes means no .
1	what do you all think is the reason behind this happening ?
1	it is really a shame because you are not in your right mind .
1	however it sounds like it is cheating .
1	try to make compliments and talk about things that interest you .
1	slap his face and remind him of his identity .
1	using lubrication will help tremendously .
1	it can be repaired with god 's help .
1	it is similar to being dishonest .
1	compliment me and tell me your plans .
1	apply lube to the door jam .
1	darryl is willing to take me back in spite of my telling him .
1	go to a social event and meet a beautiful girl .
1	the reason is that god is not a part of the relationship .
1	how can i ascertain the answer ?
1	it would be rude to yell at him in front of a nun .
1	it sounds like it will make your reunion even better .
1	you both may like eachother , but neither of you want to admit it .
1	take a chance , call her .
1	you should try using a phone .
1	do you have any advice or ideas on what is going on ?
1	looking alone will not do it .
1	good luck my friend , but take your time .
1	they would like something easy or they sleep around .
1	i believe that females are always thinking about that subject .
1	i believe you already knew that .
1	if you 're in love with him , then no .
1	you 'll need to be wealthy .
1	i adore it , believe me , every second .
1	if you 're certain you want to marry him
1	oct. 16 1996 married , and already they have three little girls .
1	you continually say one thing , then another .
1	i believe he 's cheating on you , or stealing money from you .
1	in my experience , the majority of men aim too high .
1	eye contact is the main key .
1	you should just kiss her in public .
1	i prefer the medium-sized items .
1	that person will not judge you , regardless of what you do .
1	he left me along for two hours and it was not the first time .
1	a lot of humor and crayons .
1	you should find happiness with your current status .
1	it is excellent that they listen when i speak .
1	i truly miss the feeling of being with the one i love .
1	i experienced a similar problem recently .
1	maybe this is because birds are afraid of coming near people .
1	return everything that hers , and continue speaking with her , nicely .
1	i would n't mind going out with her .
1	it as if , i 'm there to only satisfy him .
1	you should inform a neighbor what 's occurring .
1	for the first time , just to allow it to be easier .
1	for the first time , you should relax .
1	please pardon my spelling , i 'm terrible at it .
1	you definitely want to avoid comparing him to other past men .
1	during the day , show her love and attention .
1	if it 's ruining your life , you need to speak with her .
1	they are not great , but so are std 's .
1	you should ask her instead of us .
1	that sounds harsh and hopeless , however you should keep trying .
1	a man who can cook is great too !
1	after his attempt i informed his wife .
1	sure , if you really are interested in her .
1	a good start to a relationship is giving the other person what they desire .
1	and that 's why you love her too , right ?
1	look for someone who is single and tell that cheater bye .
1	a majority of caucasian men do not favor heavier women .
1	love is proof that god remains with us in this tragic world .
1	now if this is the man who is inquiring , then you have issues .
1	find someone single and tell the cheater goodbye .
1	most caucasion men do not like fat women .
1	love is proof that god is with us in this dark world .
1	i made a video of me confessing my love by singing to you .
1	is he always happy to see you ?
1	please do not let her know you talked about her on the computer .
1	she thinks the guy is infatuated with her .
1	i 'm not quite sure why i do n't enjoy it .
1	the ultimate question is if he 's in love with you ?
1	i see many men . whenever i exit my home .
1	if that occurred on the second date , i suggest you stop dating him .
1	it is not about what you buy , but about what you give .
1	yes , i think you should ask her .
1	you just like someone when you do not even understand why .
1	he is one of the best men you will ever meet .
1	he has a good head on his shoulders .
1	maybe you just have not found your true love !
1	goodness , what does she like to do ?
1	i am sure you will enjoy it there .
1	there was something that had to make the relationship that awful .
1	i believe that you should talk to him .
1	say that you just want to be friends .
1	good luck with all the lovely woman in the world .
1	different woman , enjoy different items . you need to be more specific .
1	do n't forget to show your attributes , good luck !
1	it 's difficult , when you get upset at your your own teammate .
1	we had to accept it , and continue .
1	oh , anyone would be fortunate to get that !
1	apparently , it all depends on your desire to find a soulmate .
1	oh , anyone would be so lucky or blessed to get that .
1	i think it depends on your desire to find a soulmate .
1	and of course , the most important thing is the brain .
1	most women lie about how many men they have slept with .
1	but some do it because they have the urge to rule you .
1	being lovely from all people , like how i love him .
1	no is already decided , because you 're not dating him .
1	you need to see a psychologist , immediately .
1	you definitely need to read sex for dummies by dr. ruth , immediately !
1	you could always be lovers and friends .
1	there are no concerns if she loves you and you love her .
1	i am not sure , most likely because it keeps the human race alive .
1	they will or they wo n't .
1	or she might be surprised and respond to you .
1	tell your mom that you do not like her family .
1	because , it is part of life .
1	you should try to impress me with the other end of your body .
1	you should decide to have your parents be your best friends for life .
1	it is not a personal matter if she does not like you .
1	if you are friends , you can absolutely send her a card .
1	enjoy a night out with friends and display my natural beauty .
1	please admit if you are more interested in her or in me .
1	it is not too soon .
1	i wonder what their response is going to be .
1	i did not hear of a reduction .
1	lets see what the cause is and fix it .
1	the gal is sweet , slim and has average breast .
1	by the way , i will miss him terribly !
1	they fell for the wrong person .
1	i wear mine on my ring finger , because that has more meaning .
1	sometimes . it can be chemical , and an easy fix .
1	have you come across skid marks in your own pants .
1	ask him straight to his face , live your life .
1	when you see something familiar and prominant , do you do it without fearing ?
1	you must search more and lower your expectations .
1	all i can say is that i am a catch !
1	first , should she leave him ?
1	because you are the one other fan of the carpenters !
1	there are women who sleep with others even when they have boyfriends .
1	good luck with whichever you like .
1	do you call your girlfriends daily ?
1	i am not sure , but i do not think it is your thumb .
1	at fifty , a thirty-two year old .
1	men in their late thirties or early forties .
1	yahoo is one of them .
1	i am pretty confident that it does not mean anything .
1	it is like telling them that they can not go shopping on wednesdays .
1	do not act like an old maid either .
1	if he does help , then size will not matter .
1	is he lying to you when telling you what he is doing ?
1	an inexpensive and good quality product is the best option .
1	i also had something similar occur .
1	you can engage in oral sex or manually manipulate her .
1	it is natural to me to engage in a relationship without any hatred involved .
1	that is what worries me the most .
1	what if he asks questions ?
1	if they are getting away with it , why would they admit to cheating ?
1	geez your hands are freezing
1	he might be gay if this do n't work
1	good luck with that .
1	guys do not always think about sex all the time .
1	well first , ask her how she is doing .
1	the funny thing is i realized that i love the other guy more .
1	they follow their own instincts on what they want to do .
1	you do n't jump and start yelling .
1	when you 're married , there 's no such thing as girlfriend .
1	because he already loves someone else .
1	who are you and where are you from ?
1	have they told us they are hot ?
1	good point mace , women enjoy shopping .
1	if he is n't interested in it you can always send it to me .
1	i wear thongs and i was wondering if guys enjoyed them ?
1	guys , how long would you stay around until she does ?
1	if she does not brig a date figure one out for her .
1	many of us tend to over analyze information .
1	we often stay in and do not go out .
1	you should speak with him and see what is going on .
1	please apologize for the rude behavior .
1	there was a huge teddy bear with diamond earrings .
1	well , it all depends on what you are looking for .
1	and she is probably sharing the same bed with him .
1	i can tell you something i was told a long time ago .
1	make sure to return to being yourself .
1	i would say to get a neutral friend to ask him .
1	i would not sleep with her .
1	please get help and get it fast .
1	if you wait for marriage then you bring something special to the marriage bed .
1	my advice is : get a neutral friend to ask him .
1	or say , `` i would not have coitus with her . ''
1	they were always stating to them , that it 's wrong and dirty .
1	my husband and i , love to hug .
1	he might feel threatened . as though he might possibly lose you .
1	well it sounds as if you have a boyfriend who only thinks about himself .
1	hello , i am saying to start talking to her .
1	many shy men have an easier time getting dates when they do that .
1	begin slowly and you will know when things need to speed up .
1	why do you not date black people ; humans are certainly odd that way .
1	yes , you are a sexual rendezvous .
1	all males do not cheat on their girlfriends .
1	i do not intend to state that other women do not .
1	you will locate the appropriate man as there is a partner for every person .
1	i hope that is not your mother and father as that would be unfortunate .
1	however , feel unconstrained in providing payment on occassion .
1	otherwise , move on and find someone who really deserves you !
1	maybe you learned to like him just because he is the only one around .
1	or , they are desperate to find a guy .
1	dinner and a movie always works !
1	she must be at ease .
1	i assume it depends on the situation .
1	is it worse to cook two meals , or to lose your best friend ?
1	did you grow up near any homosexual individuals ?
1	this question was repeated earlier today .
1	they should do something with these pleasingly plump girls .
1	i wonder why they are not making me leave .
1	i am trying to get a clear answer but you all are decisive .
1	if i desire to fight i will involve myself in politics .
1	an idea existing in your mind .
1	locate a lady whose company you enjoy then ask her to be your girlfriend .
1	additionally , sir , your appearance is very appealing .
1	she sounds like my last girlfriend , the one i almost proposed to .
1	i am guessing that you are not the smartest person around .
1	yes , i have been dating this girl for two months .
1	you should admit that you were looking .
1	make sure they never come between you both .
1	you do n't possess them .
1	i did n't mean for it to sound harsh , i meant it kindly .
1	outsides can be very different from their insides .
1	it depends on two things : age and family relationship .
1	men are encouraged to ask a woman .
1	i beg you to not listen to them .
1	it is possible you are a victim of low self-esteem
1	is is also true many boys do as well .
1	break up with this excuse of a man , and live you life well .
1	no , i enjoy kissing girls .
1	it 's definitely alright with him , and he is aware why .
1	continue your actions as you are gaining favor in her view .
1	you need to be careful because there is danger in the city .
1	it means something is wrong .
1	most men do not care about all the details involved in planning a wedding .
1	i think most wives cheat because of loneliness and a lack of intimacy .
1	it depends if you have nondisrupted communication .
1	do you want to spend time together ?
1	possibly it 's your right ring finger .
1	only the disgusting ones such as you do .
1	girl , i was having a similar conversation with a friend of mine .
1	but i would be tempted if you wear pink .
1	but 12 years later , i am still wishing .
1	you will not have any pain after that .
1	but you might not be soft hearted like me .
1	do whatever it takes , but get out of there .
1	when you are ready , you may speak .
1	if they are , they are the type that do not last .
1	try tickets , such as to a sporting event or a concert .
1	he needs to admit that he wants to quit .
1	may i have answers from both sexes please ?
1	if you love each other than life is fuller .
1	that will not change .
1	break up and run for your life !
1	it is not what i think , but it depends upon what you think .
1	i do not know but you certainly can come up with hard questions .
1	rob this girl from your friend .
1	i thought an ankle bracelet had some kind of meaning . am i wrong ?
1	air supply - making love out of nothing at all .
1	yes , if not communicating with him will ease and help the recovery process .
1	if he is okay being just friends , then it is fine .
1	first of all , do the usual thing and find out their name .
1	women get even more moody after they have sex .
1	everyone needs to be alone sometimes .
1	montel had a great program on the subject .
1	a person should not be in a hurry to lose their virginity .
1	if the retina moves to the right , it could be an indication .
1	the only reason that you want tater back is that you are alone now .
1	start the foreplay , you deserve it as well .
1	all women are not like that .
1	i love her . we 're only fifteen , and she does n't know .
1	that 's what men say to women to get them into bed .
1	you can not control your heart .
1	basically , we would do anything for the other person .
1	make your bed rock as hard as you may .
1	it is possible that you have nothing to do with this .
1	tell her that is how men are born .
1	then have coitus as passionately as you can .
1	about the family member , i am sorry .
1	it is possible that this does not concern you .
1	tell her that is how men are born .
1	have you ever heard of the song , lovers and friends ?
1	he 'll tell you you 're alike .
1	it seems as if the man has no self-confidence .
1	i 'm thirteen . i was just wondering .
1	i do not believe so , my dear , not long term .
1	women are obsessed with men as well as vice versa .
1	have you discussed your issue with him ?
1	much depends on the individual you are attracted to .
1	it is really bad when you kiss another guy .
1	most men are dogs but not all of them .
1	do n't do it god will be mad .
1	it is funny that he is a mean man .
1	so you have it under control when talking to the police or your mom .
1	keep looking and do not give up .
1	it does not taste great , but is not bad either .
1	i am certain they will . after all a nice person is getting married .
1	it is not worth it !
1	give her some roses and chocolates and just kiss her on the lips .
1	ask him , if he feels the same , it will work out .
1	nobody is worth ruining a great relationship .
1	all he wants from you is sex .
1	liv tyler , please tell ben affleck to help you out .
1	it is an attraction for girls .
1	do not use the line if you are not the one .
1	if you really like her you should get her some diamond earings .
1	men are all different there are many of us and we are all different .
1	if that does n't help , i 'm not sure where you should go .
1	while he 's away . want to hang out ?
1	most likely , because he knows how men are .
1	we 're friends , and be nothing more ever again .
1	then , see if she acts trustful .
1	please do not cover another person 's whole mouth with your lips .
1	please take good care of yourself , you are very special .
1	the best way to find out is if you asked him out .
1	hello , i am also searching for extraterrestrial life .
1	my apologies , that was the only word i could think of .
1	i finally told him that we would never be romantically involved .
1	no one is perfect .
1	is it because people find satisfaction when they are fornicating ?
1	men currently do not value respect the way they did in the past .
1	i want to receive ten points for this .
1	if you love him , go for him as soon as you see him .
1	i have a great attitude , and you can not have it .
1	tell him things that actually matter .
1	you actually call him your man friend ?
1	next time , i 'll attend with him .
1	do n't let anybody try to change your mind .
1	i knew i loved him , before i ever even spoke with him .
1	she will just have to overcome her feelings related to it .
1	finally , remember that women are unfaithful to their male partners as well !
1	even a child knows the difference between love and hate .
1	i believe i more attracted to the man in hawaii .
1	as my mother always stated , `` mind your own business ! `` .
1	perhaps , because you have n't met me yet .
1	most likely , you choose the incorrect women .
1	if he is breathing heavily then yes .
1	that is the way love goes .
1	only if he is breathing extremely deeply .
1	simply because that is the way of love .
1	women also look at other men as well .
1	a new environment will assist exceedingly .
1	i believe she has grown out of the issues .
1	what year was their marriage performed ?
1	you have to say what age you are and what grade you are in .
1	i like blue a lot but wonder why they are using it that way .
1	it depends on the area where you live .
1	do not return before selling twelve pairs of shoes .
1	i am not certain that we will reconcile .
1	she may want only friendship so be careful .
1	you should continue with what you were doing .
1	i want to be able to come out of this .
1	if he 's attractive , you should , if not , then no .
1	the best way is to spend time with all three of you .
1	the eleventh finger for a man , and on the thumb for a female .
1	so spend some time talking with her .
1	with someone you care about it can be very special .
1	he said he loves me .
1	they are very deep feelings that we ca n't hide .
1	having a girlfriend , but also being a misanthrope ?
1	however , his girlfriend , a friend of mine recently broke off their relationship .
1	we do not want to continuously be hurt !
1	do n't worry . your boyfriend loves you just as you are !
1	go get some for yourself to find out the answer .
1	good luck . you have nothing to lose .
1	would you like to socialize on saturday night ?
1	you could stalk them back or confront them .
1	all we require is some sexual prowess and they can leave .
1	remember , a person exists who is the perfect partner for you .
1	they have very little other objectives for their existence .
1	your conjecture and my own are equally valid .
1	how very amusing , merely inform her she is too heavy for sexual relations .
1	therefore , he could be very unattrictive while treating her exceptionally well .
1	there are so many reasons why some people cheat .
1	we really love each other , though . what should i do .
1	no , and you should not be .
1	before he gets out of control .
1	would you even want to date , exculsively .
1	separate yourself from him , get on with it and your life .
1	this is something you will learn understand when you are grown .
1	this is due to the way they were brought up .
1	what do women really want from men ?
1	some men can deal with it , some are unable to .
1	especially if the man consumes alot of produce .
1	it is best to have your boyfriends friends like you .
1	women have a hard time understanding their needs .
1	if you need the answer , have have not .
1	when you have a girl you can be yourself around .
1	but if he is charming , he gets that in return .
1	you could pray , ask god what he would have you do .
1	she probably knows already but can not find the motivation .
1	if he is in love with you , he will not have sex .
1	go find a nice lady for yourself .
1	so far it 's been very interesting and entertaining .
1	marriage can be very expensive .
1	if my life was seen on music television , it be confused as well .
1	also , you may always call her out on her `` staring problem '' .
1	that person sounds like a controlling one .
1	this place is one in which many males are aroused by .
1	if someone rejects you , remember that life events are predetermined .
1	i dislike some of my friends because they disagree with me .
1	there are more potential partners ; do not stop trying .
1	buy him either a slinky or play-doh .
1	kiss him on the tip of his manhood .
1	if he does not return , then he was never yours .
1	you can tell if you really love that person ; open up your eyes .
1	i think that men would do that only if they felt threatened .
1	speak with her , while their busy answering the phone .
1	you ca n't state with certainty that he 's cheating .
1	is that the color you want to dye your hair ?
1	if he 's truly the right man , you will eventually end up together .
1	obtain a girlfriend , then move on !
1	it is possible you could look like bill gates in this situation .
1	there are many people at my school that like me .
1	when i walked in , he was with another girl .
1	i 'm guessing you 're asking why life is unfair .
1	somewhere in public you can talk , to make her feel safe .
1	in russia , wedding rings are worn on the right ring finger .
1	if he goes slowly , you 'll be okay .
1	men who act like jerks , do n't ever last long .
1	he 'll cheer you up if you 're ever sad .
1	one . please make it extra nice .
1	if you feel as if it 's a ploy , then do n't .
1	merely be straightforward and inquire of them .
1	i am merely hoping it is not in the near future .
1	if he finds you appealing due to your efforts you will not be happy .
1	a woman seeks the heart wether she is attractive or not .
1	if you stay with him , you can go on jerry springer .
1	you ca n't help loving them when you find someone thats completely for you .
1	what would you do at your parent 's place ?
1	thank you for answering me .
1	usually that stuff is good .
1	i can feel it in my heart .
1	you owe me eight dollars , please .
1	you will if you connect with me .
1	no one deserves to be yelled at by mean people .
1	i am a girl . it is uncomfortable for girls .
1	do n't let someone `` walk on you . ''
1	however , i would not feel bad about it .
1	would you like me to dress nicer ?
1	do you not want to put forth effort into going out to meet ?
1	that will make it more difficult for all those who are involved .
1	i have some friends who married older women .
1	something that is acceptable for an 80-year-old may not be for a 25-year-old .
1	do not do things that jeopardize your life .
1	why did you go near a brothel ?
1	in dating , race is of no significant difference .
1	on your left hand 's ring finger .
1	i hope i helped you some .
1	why do men lie about that ?
1	i 'm trying to keep this area a clean , cuss free zone .
1	however , i will let you in on a little secret .
1	with men , sex is just sex .
1	in the same way i do , they want to be close to you .
1	as a natural reaction , are more visually stimulated than women .
1	spoiled women are great fun when you give them what they want and more .
1	wow , what kind of women are you associating with ?
1	my friend spotted him having relations with many people last fall .
1	let him go and date someone in your own grade .
1	believe me , i know that love makes us do silly things .
1	just find a girl you find attractive and whom you can be honest with .
1	i believe you will be together if it is meant to happen .
1	it seems like you are ready .
1	if you do that , you 'll score major points .
1	do n't continue to search for ms. right . she 'll find you .
1	if i were you , i would n't change a thing .
1	tell her how you feel , and buy her items .
1	remember you love him , and are with him , no one else .
1	i am wondering what their life is really about .
1	right now you probably do not feel lust .
1	it depends upon what you call cheating .
1	when you find it , you will know .
1	i do not have any idea what a delmarva is .
1	just tell him exaactly what you mean .
1	that means it is only 50 percent certain .
1	i will stay home and take some time for myself .
1	are you upset about being gay ?
1	i generally try to spend thirty dollars or less , when possible .
1	paying a lot of attention is rather important .
1	a guy with dandruff or odorous hair is most undesirable .
1	you are n't alone in that sentiment .
1	i just released it and it was great .
1	i know things are hard but you can do it .
1	reality , like men it varies .
1	there is no reason to put an age limit on it .
1	the guy always thinks the women loves him .
1	maybe it was only lusty and not love at the beginning .
1	if she id not close to you , a necklace would be preferable .
1	i am doing something wrong .
1	find a woman you really love .
1	askhim how it is going .
1	please talk to me -- in arabic if you want to !
1	the first time you do it , there might be a little blood .
1	i 'd like to date a woman , at least in my case .
1	once a cheater , always a cheater .
1	wait for her reaction , then carry on with what she asked .
1	dead fish ollec was written by fish slayer .
1	he only texts her friends . he stated men lie .
1	i believe it is unnecessary to say why .
1	you 're both young , and have your complete life in front of yourselves .
1	attempt something rude to the man .
1	no , too much of a difference in age .
1	i do n't want my children in a shelter .
1	please , once you find out , tell my wife !
1	alternately , are you a non-mormon , trying to find others like yourself ?
1	relax ! oh , and make sure your partner uses a condom .
1	play a game on yahoo ! games .
1	it depends upon your age .
1	i can not be successful regardless of what i do .
1	men are dense sometimes . majority of the time .
1	firstly , you must remove him from your life .
1	you can as often as you want , as long as you have money .
1	she stated she hated me for quite awhile .
1	my parents must think i am the worst daughter .
1	there is nothing more than a man who likes to have good sex .
1	when it comes to love , there is no set of rules .
1	in life , love can be right or wrong .
1	go to the military post or base that is closest to you .
1	maybe you need to take some time to grow up .
1	it takes time to forget someone you have loved .
1	you do not have to ask about it .
1	maybe they look similar to a birdhouse ?
1	he 's twenty years old , please help .
1	if she cares , she 'll be uninterested in how much you spend .
1	you should n't ever utilize a pick up line on a woman .
1	for an accurate decision , i 'm going to need more details .
1	i would recommend you take a moment to stop , and observe the situation .
1	occasionally , she misses me to a great extent .
1	that would depend on where you desire the meet to take place .
1	if i understand correctly , you two were a couple but not anymore .
1	that is how i 'm going to reveal the news to you .
1	women love that kind of man .
1	but that is a good thing and is to be expected .
1	be friendly , stay quiet , and be the strong and silent type .
1	if this person is a life long acquaintence , then i would say no .
1	women are the devils of this work .
1	not all women act that way .
1	he 's talking of your mouth .
1	yes he is , especially if she demands him to stop and he continues .
1	for men it 's super important to look attractive .
1	provoke the dog , love their growls .
1	do you think i should end my relationship with my boyfriend .
1	my former boyfriend was unfaithful .
1	women frequently test their men to evaluate whether they are involved with other women .
1	he 'll never state that again .
1	drive her to a clothing store , then ask the assistant for help .
1	you should inform her before he does more damage .
1	you should cherish yourself until he 's ready .
1	i never make the first move . i 'm constantly battling off the women .
1	my father always supports me , no matter what .
1	we enjoy cheesy stuff , so do n't fret that it 's too weird .
1	love is a very strong word , but so is hate .
1	how can a shy guy find a girlfriend .
1	i am willing to compromise with her .
1	my fantasy is to have two men with me .
1	i heard that green is the sexiest color .
1	elijah wood has amazing eyes .
1	get a girlfriend , and try with her .
1	you must love to have , and so on .
1	my sister did that a lot , too .
1	even you do not believe in god , you can still read it .
1	it concentrates on interactions between relationship partners .
1	i no longer belong to myself , but i belong to you .
1	if you have to ask someone how they knows , you are not .
1	actually , honesty is the best way .
1	that is unbelievable , she is having intercourse daily .
1	do not ask for forgiveness ; women do not forgive .
1	you make your own decisions , just do not worry about it .
1	agitation may increase with continued persistence
1	please send me an email in order to speak further .
1	two out of three is not bad cousin .
1	things have gone downhill with the two men i met online .
1	he looks a lot like you .
1	it only happens once in a life time , twice if you are lucky .
1	you have to get his wife 's permission .
1	it is even better if she can not skate .
1	much to my chagrin , i do not believe i can even spell properly .
1	i would tell you to take her out on daily walks .
1	people always prefer dreams over reality , do they not ?
1	guys can also play with women 's feelings if they are intelligent .
1	i want a person that i can trust .
1	how badly does she want sex ?
1	never make her pay the bill .
1	it 's bad , when you 're always thinking of that person .
1	that could have easily of been mine .
1	he always find a way to touch you ?
1	my mate is my true love and i hate to be away from him .
1	no one cares about the yahoo ad .
1	you are like flour to me because i knead you .
1	once a cheater , always a cheater .
1	try to go out to a fine dining restaurant .
1	there are only stupid men out there .
1	it does n't need to be as fantastic as your dinner was .
1	it 's similar to the question , why do we hate ?
1	if a man treats me badly , i make sure he can kiss well .
1	if so , i would like to know myself .
1	that 's going to be awesome .
1	you 'll need to make a hard decision .
1	why are men obsessed with breasts ?
1	it 's better if you do n't do it .
1	caution stating something with the incorrect tone .
1	or , you can just send him a note on a holiday .
1	it is like being in love with love itself .
1	you are the best , and only your girlfriend should be your wife .
1	new love between friends and family equals a new life .
1	i was kidding with you , i am like that .
1	i am thinking i saw it on the tv .
1	this boy loves me and seems to be my worst enemy too .
1	it will make you look like a devil worshipper or something else !
1	please , do not forget to maintain eye contact .
1	when you see him , you will know .
1	just demonstrate why you really feel , be honest .
1	i am currently on hold , and i 'm a man .
1	not sure , never had rough sex !
1	work , play , education , anything you do .
1	if you know the man is abusive then why stay .
1	it is nice to always have your favorite ice cream and candy available .
1	i love how crazy love is .
1	i hope you know i am your friend and more .
1	do you know what i am saying ?
1	do not have only one girl spinning .
1	they are not all that .
1	i met my husband on yahoo personals .
1	we did not get married .
1	women do not appreciate a man who only takes care of her .
1	that is the difference between men and women .
1	sweetie , you ca n't be in love with someone you never met before .
1	we 're friends for six years , that 's all .
1	by expressing your dialogue with another woman .
1	they must be busy with something .
1	perhaps you are merely entirely uninteresting to him .
1	when kissing , breathe hard and bite their lip gently .
1	married with a beautiful two-year-old .
1	this works well and she will not suspect you are a player .
1	but it is bad if you go too quickly .
1	by now you understand that women enjoy talking . good luck !
1	i am still the same lustful man that she married .
1	once they have conquered one , they conquer the next .
1	if he does return , he will stay forever .
1	i am sending a bunch of kisses and red roses >
1	someone to insist , to come along with me during my life .
1	what will happen if you should get caught ?
1	i am very sexual , so i have tried it all .
1	i am more interested in sex than my husband is .
1	you are a lucky person , that you even have friends .
1	my answer to that would most assuredly be yes !
1	love does not set a minimum age .
1	you should talk to your husband , and not have an affair .
1	this is a taks for women , not for men .
1	i would go out with my wife every other week .
1	however , that too is good .
1	the man is jssse mccartney , and the woman is brittney spears .
1	( even though i would like my girl to be that special ! )
1	smart women are sexy and fun to hang out with .
1	get dressed up and go out to a nice place and test his reaction .
1	it is worse because the courts would be full of couples getting divorced .
1	okay , we understand the fresh breath idea .
1	i care about him a tremendous amount and i cheated on darryl with lou .
1	the only thing that is needed to be done is looking .
1	yes , i do however , wish you good luck .
1	smell of his penus .
1	women get grey hair too .
1	maybe after a few days but not right now .
1	do n't be rude to her .
1	the line did work for because i got her phone number and took her out
1	that is good for him , but are you not going to be there ?
1	colors that i would avoid are pinks , purples and pastels
1	there has to be a lot of guys that woe her .
1	i had to find the courage to leave , because i deserved better .
1	look for larger built women .
1	i do n't know but that is not nice .
1	i forgot to do something .
1	women are smarter than that , good luck .
1	some people prefer larger , some prefer smaller and some enjoy both .
1	what would be a good expensive drink for having a good time ?
1	do the ring bearers walk before the flower girls do ?
1	maybe the children can be ring bearers or flower girls when they are older .
1	i have heard some people play sports on the weekends .
1	i still love him but i do not show it .
1	i told her that both of them were foolish .
1	you should be enjoying it , too !
1	that is not true of all men , but probably of some of them .
1	win or lose , it 's how you deal with it that matters .
1	i do n't believe it actually does stand for anything .
1	who informed you that men are n't looking for relationships ?
1	if he loves you , it wo n't matter to him .
1	women act a certain way .
1	i was flattered by a younger woman who was emotionally unavailable .
1	it depends if you are a jerk to them .
1	i 'm guessing that is what you had in mind ?
1	so everything you listed is lust .
1	please take this person down .
1	please do not give a lady yellow roses .
1	what is my viego ?
1	this guy tried to kiss me .
1	it taste like scotch whiskey and you have to develope a taste for it .
1	i do not want a girl to be my `` boyfriend '' .
1	will she come see me ?
1	maybe she would like some other stuff .
1	your self esteem can not possibly be that low .
1	keep yourself together , look them in the eye .
1	it 's preferable that she have a great personality .
1	are you a teenager that attends a predominantly black high school .
1	not unless you consider what was in my mind .
1	tear the band-aid off , as they say .
1	and on the other hand s small with oversized does n't seem impressive .
1	for pregnant woman , it benefits them a ton because it makes it
1	possibly he wants to cool things down a tad .
1	he never says i love you first .
1	if he has a girlfriend then leave him alone .
1	please call him immediately and let him know what bothers you .
1	could i have a holiday kiss ?
1	if i love her , then i do not want anyone else .
1	we are not complicated , merely beyond you ability to comprehend .
1	this man is pompous .
1	you would not want to be considered racist , would you ?
1	if i love her then i do not want anyone else .
1	we are not complicated , we are just beyond your knowledge of understanding .
1	this many only thinks only of himself .
1	you would not want to be thought of as racist , would you ?
1	i know what you mean about african-american men .
1	if you think he is cheating , then he probably is .
1	remember that you get what you pay for .
1	you must be an attractive man .
1	that song will remain in my thoughts all day .
1	i am talking about that emotional drivel .
1	it is done as soon as he gets someone pregnant .
1	you need to stay strong if you really love her .
1	if you are mature enough , then just ask him .
1	yes , my thoughts are similar to what fallon chambers said .
1	that is funny ! yes that would be the case if they smoked marijuana .
1	do not ever lose hope . they are just hanging around .
1	people cheat for different reasons ; some love their partner but are recidivistic .
1	she confronted me and accused me of lying .
1	that 's nonsense and it seems like she should rid herself of you .
1	men tend to overlook a lot of good women .
1	he finally found an exit , as he did not genuinely care about you .
1	it is not gifts that i talk about .
1	not if you continue to search under the sofa .
1	if a man is too big , he can hurt you easily .
1	if they are mean spirited , they might act terrible .
1	just because they 're a man , does n't mean they 'll be obsessed .
1	are they willing to change ?
1	this is like when you want a woman to be your girlfriend .
1	you are the only one who can interpret your dreams .
1	most men will like breasts that are larger .
1	you can buy him perfume or just ask him what he likes .
1	there is no problem if they like each other .
1	insure you are completely bald , no stubble .
1	if you stay away from dumb and bad women , you 'll be fine .
1	you do want her to eventually marry , correct ?
1	it meant , she wants to go to a movie theatre .
1	double check yourself in the mirror .
1	i do not have sex with him .
1	i see that you do love your man .
1	she has a boyfriend that can support her both financially and sexually .
1	please , dear love get her some johnson grass .
1	please never rushed or feel obligated .
1	it 's fine to separate them both .
1	i 'm not allowed to have friends , because he does n't trust anyone .
1	it 's all about self confidence .
1	i believe i did obey my parents in my youth .
1	if he 's cheating , he 's not worth much .
1	that way , you will not be alone in this .
1	yes , most boys always have sex on their minds .
1	that is what i want in a man !
1	you should then try asking him to dinner .
1	on the other hand , you know your husband well .
1	you will have to ask many people and you will get many different answers .
1	i have failed many times after doing this .
1	so look at what i am currently doing .
1	i never talked about hers , but she did many times with mine .
1	sensitive guys have difficulty approaching girls so few of them have girlfriends .
1	what is there to be worried about ?
1	perhaps you need to bathe more ?
1	i miss the way he would hold me and never leave my side .
1	i love him , but i know i deserve better .
1	some guys go through with it , others do not .
1	honey , baby , sweetheart , you are being fooled badly .
1	remember , i 'm kissing you , not him , enough .
1	it depends on how you project that to woman .
1	they 're classic red dresses with mango calla lilies as flower trimmings .
1	but do n't get ahead of yourself , the brooding thing i mean .
1	it never hurts just to see if he wants to hang out .
1	just depends on the guy .
1	you just begin hanging out and spending time together .
1	some people are worth giving up everything for , but others are n't .
1	it seems he is going for a no strings relationship .
1	where online can you say whatever you like with back lash ?
1	also known as : having fun with other men .
1	start exercising ; exes hate to see the ones who they dumped look good .
1	i mean that you are not the town gossip without reason .
1	tell that to someone so it does not keep happening !
1	why are you complaining about her writing ?
1	the minimum age is 16 for girls and 17 for boys .
1	white men do n't find me to be attractive .
1	you should discuss your differences with her .
1	rent her as it is less costly to your soul .
1	you could call him in order to learn his circumstances .
1	why do men like breasts so much ?
1	you will be getting many replies that ask why men like breasts so much .
1	these are good questions and good answers so far .
1	right now all his time has to be spent taking care of his child .
1	flirt with the male in the room you deem to be the cutest .
1	you can purchase condoms anywhere
1	tell her friend , and more than likely she will spread the rumor .
1	can you please tell me what this is ?
1	girls often do not know what they want in life .
1	what exactly is it anyway ?
1	because females do not often know what they desire .
1	when you develop the courage to inquire a female .
1	now we do n't have a ton of time .
1	because they 're the people who are richer than us .
1	just rent a female erotic movie !
1	do n't trust him for a second .
1	i 'm sorry i could not be more help .
1	he/she seemed to be interested , but it was hard to tell .
1	love is worth spending your life pursuing and even dying for .
1	all he say was `` bye , '' and then he hung up .
1	i am bewildered by people 's irrationality .
1	i know these things because i am a woman .
1	ask your wife and then kill yourself .
1	yes men are really strange , are we not ?
1	if you have to ask , then you are not .
1	what would be wrong with that ? *laughing out loud*
1	does he truly love you for who you are ?
1	men are really strange are we not ?
1	if you have to ask then you are not in love .
1	what is wrong with that ?
1	does he truly love you for who you are or not ?
1	i am not interested in being with anyone else but him/her .
1	please do not take offense at what i 've said .
1	a person who cheats will always cheat .
1	the moral issues should not be a problem .
1	it is what is on the inside that really counts .
1	you should try to have him be the house dad and you work .
1	i prefer blonde to a brunette or redhead .
1	that is the best thing you can do for him right now .
1	men and women are both simply people .
1	it is worth trying because you may enjoy it .
1	it is important for him to learn from his own mistakes .
1	kids tend to be aware of their surroundings in suprising ways .
1	my mother told me not to date a woman with children .
1	not all men are comfortable with the idea of sex and love being equal .
1	i make my intentions known , and let him decide .
1	or is it true , `` once a cheater always a cheater ? ''
1	although , the website newfriends4u.com is a good start .
1	just be there for him , and give him your support .
1	do not waste time with a girl who is obviously playing you .
1	get her a gift that she would really like .
1	is it true once a cheater always a cheater ?
1	newfriends4u.com is a great start .
1	be there for him and give him your support .
1	do not waste time with a girl who is basically playing you .
1	get a gift for her that she loves in her life .
1	i am confident you will find someone more worthy of your attention .
1	you may not , and they may tell you that you do .
1	if you like , you could also contact me by mail .
1	that is simply something that men do .
1	you will not date her .
1	does he seem controlling if he want to do all of this ?
1	if it ever happens again leave and do not look back .
1	it could be a wide varity of things .
1	you will know when it feels right .
1	you should try to show her more physical affection .
1	if she ignores you , most likely she is not worth your time .
1	i really do no think that i like them .
1	i do not believe it makes a difference .
1	you see yourself as intelligent and incapable of mistakes .
1	the two of you need to have a serious discussion .
1	anywhere that fits the mood , if you want it then do so .
1	the woman and ex brother in law were friends in school .
1	please remember to write it down .
1	my best friend is a woman .
1	anywhere that fits the mood , if you want it , do it !
1	the woman and her ex-brother-in-law were friends growing up in school .
1	and remember to write it down this time !
1	my best friend is a girl .
1	my wife is getting under my skin .
1	the guy that wrote this really makes you think .
1	always remember that it takes two to tango .
1	do not appear unattainable but instead act flawlessly .
1	circumventing a cheating husband is possible ; i 'm one to know .
1	i am madly in love with this man , but how do i proceed ?
1	i 'm unsure as to why women date men who treat them badly .
1	this month , my wife and i were married after meeting on the internet .
1	try using pillows under her backside .
1	they look prettier then girls when they try .
1	the age difference is what makes the relationshop illegal .
1	and i am not even one of those overbearing and controlling guys .
1	because i mostly use yahoo for chat purposes .
1	i will not go back there again .
1	i feel that these males act more like boys than like men .
1	do i deserve to be loved by you ?
1	there is no difference , you should not believe it .
1	you should forget about him , he does not love you .
1	what your lover thinks matters .
1	it is more probable that she is not attracted to you .
1	love is not lust , but love definitely causes lust .
1	i would be more than happy to consistently pray for you .
1	an important prerequisite is loving god .
1	if you are male , then you are disgusting .
1	yes , i do think that is wrong .
1	i have been in a similar situation .
1	i think the most attractive girls do not know how ignorant they are .
1	my advice is to stay with one and enjoy .
1	so are you also doing that to me ?
1	personally i would say , i am bald and proud !
1	it sounds strange if you take it seriously .
1	now i have a wonderful husband of 13 years .
1	so you enjoy doing that to me ?
1	personally , i prefer to say `` bald and proud '' .
1	it sounds strange if you take it seriously .
1	even if they are worth it , do not pick someone else .
1	i have an amazingly nice husband , we have been together thirteen years ,
1	it 's the only thing you can be certain will happen in your life .
1	now i feel that we are no longer friends .
1	girls enjoy a challenge , and it 's the same for guys .
1	then yes , we are are not going to receive it .
1	as of now , i fell that we are no longer friends .
1	then yes we will not get it .
1	i was observing a man with whom i have a class .
1	some men do not enjoy being accosted by large numbers of people .
1	it is a lot of hard work .
1	no , you can not because the sperm is not strong enough .
1	if you can , you should as i would have by now .
1	i am not happy as everything i try to achieve seems impossible to me
1	you will be aware when you start dancing with them at a party .
1	does he speak negatively about his ex ?
1	my boyfriend of three and a half years was unfaithful .
1	and i do n't require hair and eyebrows .
1	a girl should like you for being yourself .
1	that is why they can not profit from it .
1	does he want to be with me or are these hints to back off ?
1	walk up to her and say hello and say your name .
1	you first met him/her then made friends with him/her .
1	oh , and do not go crazy like anna nicole smith . haha !
1	i suppose you care about her , do n't you ?
1	why are you in the middle ?
1	oh and do not go crazy as anna nicole smith did !
1	i think you care for her , do you not ?
1	why are you in the middle ?
1	i was never able to tell him of my precise feelings .
1	not only for yourself but for your children as well .
1	he does not want me to return .
1	many women now just are after money and want to be wild .
1	sometimes children want their parents to stay together .
1	you do not know because you do not see what is wrong with you .
1	you can flirt with me anytime as i love you .
1	you do not understand since you do not perceive the manner of your malady .
1	you may romantically engage with me spontaneously .
1	until the moment they sense the need to dispose of each other .
1	i sought his approval and fortunately he answered in the affirmative .
1	movie tickets and popcorn , drinks for two sound great to me !
1	does the otehr person climax or stop too soon ?
1	i asked him if he loved it and fortunately he did .
1	you will find someone else because you are young , decent and kind .
1	if she says it 's acceptable , then you need to believe her .
1	men think about sex to the exclusion of everything else .
1	both men and women are attracted to unvailable people .
1	i would like to date a woman from another country , especially america .
1	that is something that will never change my mind , no mater what .
1	i think that you should meet new guys .
1	she said to me last monday she was very sick .
1	that being said , sexuality is not as ridgid as people think .
1	( even if only in their own opinion . )
1	liz provided you with a very good answer .
1	because the only two are homosexual .
1	what would you like to do ?
1	you can tell i am wealthy by the females i attract .
1	inquire about his life .
1	consult a doctor regarding in vitro fertilization .
1	wearing your heart on your sleeve is difficult .
1	you should have respect for your mother .
1	you should give him a small kiss on the lips .
1	i think that this individual is 16 years old or older .
1	as i explained before , it was not my intention to offend anyone .
1	i need to have a significant other in my life .
1	that question alone will not yield the information we seek .
1	the details do not matter . it 's the thought that counts .
1	do not try to guess how she feels .
1	of course , you have to do it correctly .
1	being mean is often really just a sign of insecurity .
1	me ? i do not understand .
1	you can certainly forgive , but never forget .
1	i have heard dr drew on loveline talk about this topic alot .
1	i like nice , nerdy girls .
1	props for what richard said up there .
1	has he ever lied to you about anything at all ?
1	he may think that you are just eager to find love .
1	plant a bug in his bedroom .
1	i do not know whether he will ever be my guy or not .
1	do not waste your time on one woman , move on to another one .
1	hair is what makes a man sexy .
1	if it really bothers you , talk to him .
1	you should accept things from others as much as you give to others .
1	i prefer to do what i enjoy .
1	over 20 people , is she or was she a professional sex worker ?
1	is he just trying to make a fool out of me ?
1	who does n't like physical affection ? the key though is to have trust !
1	it does n't have to be so deep !
1	over 20 years old , she is and ever will be a prostitute .
1	is he just jesting with me ?
1	who does not long for physical anyway , it is all about trust .
1	it really does not have to be this deep .
1	age 12 is much to young , although a 12-year-old might disagree .
1	i am still in high school .
1	you should leave before you act in an ill-conceived manner .
1	my wife is thirty years of age , and i am eight years older .
1	it depends in part on whether he becomes jealous .
1	why do you not understand that your mother and father love you ?
1	if he lost it , he would likely purchase another for you .
1	she will grow tired of this too .
1	i must do this now or give up on the situation completely .
1	you ought to reject him harshly .
1	if the man merely lusted for you he would feel no pain at all .
1	because not all of us are like that when we are young .
1	is this a fancy hotel to have sex in ?
1	her intentions are not good if she is doing that now .
1	why is he cruel , or does he not like them ?
1	if he really loved you , he would not without good reason .
1	to mbleditor : do you have a fantasy place to have sex ?
1	her intentions are not good if she is doing that .
1	or you could get him an item he enjoys , like gourmet coffee .
1	why is he a jerk , or why does he not like them ?
1	if he really loved you , he would not love you without good reason .
1	you might regret leaving what you already have .
1	i recommend u2 cds .
1	that means you did n't finish everything you intended to finish with him .
1	we love each other but we do not match health wise .
1	you may miss the paradise you left behind .
1	please try u2 cds , that is what i bought today .
1	it means that you did not finish what you wanted to with him .
1	you should forget about that girl and find one better suited for you .
1	you miss him and still have feelings for him .
1	more than anything else in life , it is love that keeps it going .
1	you are already a member so you should sign up for yahoo personal .
1	it is likely that if you believe she is , then she probably is .
1	almost everyone knows that girl is bad .
1	she is still the same girl .
1	i just think men and women are equals .
1	just be the most kindest parent to the child .
1	it may or may not help .
1	thirteen was too young for me .
1	just come on and say it .
1	do not cheapen it with pickup lines , an act , or anything else .
1	do not worry . someone is loving you , then you love this girl .
1	you can not remember the date of your own marriage ?
1	my heart wants to , but my head tells me not to .
1	i do not think you can . i am sorry .
1	what reason would require you to call first ?
1	unless he does not want you to .
1	sometimes love does not work out .
1	it depends on how old you may be .
1	let romance take its course and it does still work !
1	men hurt because it may be our fault .
1	it also depends on how old you are .
1	i like to take him to whatever looks like fun in town .
1	let romance take its course . it does still work !
1	it hurts because it 's our fault .
1	you will know when you are ready .
1	there is not one answer to this question .
1	i just do not do it .
1	you will know when you are ready .
1	do not let anyone interupt your work duties and you should be fine .
1	there is not only one answer to the question
1	so i just avoid doing it .
1	do you think the rhythm is right for you ?
1	if it is not a good date then there is no reason to kiss .
1	you should ask him to marry you and see what happens !
1	you should trust yourself , demand reciprocity and seek what you desire .
1	once a person cheats they will cheat again .
1	try to convince her that you are not intending to cheat her daughter .
1	discuss it with your doctor .
1	there is a side of your personality that your boys will never see .
1	some surprises never seem to work out .
1	i like when a girl touches me .
1	it is actually good to do that .
1	men should grow up to be rugged , strong , men .
1	because they have not decided yet .
1	they do not have sexual relations with every man .
1	you may like her very much but first wish to check her looks .
1	if he can not let you go , then you must let him go .
1	they have not made their minds up .
1	they do not sleep with every man .
1	i did not get a chance to say goodbye . can anybody help me ?
1	you are just another random person with some useful advice .
1	he probably wants to buy you out with his money .
1	well , i can relate to that .
1	go all the way , but do not blow your load on one girl .
1	thank you for the advice you gave me in regards to my vacation question !
1	you are most definitely not asking for too much .
1	by december 16th , 2005 , they should be awake .
1	if you are my student , could you please call me ?
1	you made a fatal mistake with this one .
1	could it just be an argument between nations ?
1	another possibility would be if your mother asked during christmas dinner .
1	if you are a lesbian .
1	explain what your concerns are about her getting married to him .
1	can you cook too ?
1	this matter will depend on other factors .
1	i can not relate , but three months have passed .
1	i feel like more love can be found from other black females .
1	should i be patient or talk to him first ?
1	if he hurt you that deeply twice , that is too much .
1	i just have to ask this , because i have to know .
1	this a frequently asked question on y ! channel .
1	they will tell you after the fact .
1	do not forget to consider your health .
1	i find a man at work attractive .
1	refrain from relations with married people .
1	then you need to go back to giving her the attention she wants .
1	is it really necessary for you to ask this question ?
1	sexual relationships are only for married couples .
1	i do n't know why , but women seem to love ears .
1	it would be wrong to make us dance because we are not good dancers .
1	please let him know as soon as possible .
1	take your time . gentlemen prefer a relaxed pace before eating .
1	it is hard to maintain a false facade .
1	every one finds you attractive .
1	here is an age old male secret .
1	if you want to know something do n't talk about it just ask .
1	your children should always be first no matter what age .
1	let the guy chase the girl .
1	whenever i feel like showing love , i kiss her .
1	are they driving you crazy not wanting sex ?
1	people change girlfriends every week .
1	good question . now i know what to tell my girlfriend i want .
1	what else can i do , i feel that i have tried everything !
1	i hate diseases because i do n't like to see babies suffer .
1	are you talking about the guys that your previously dated ?
1	you should always put your feelings first , and his should be second .
1	it honestly depends on the particular girl .
1	they could n't wait until they were all grown up .
1	you are already determined to see the faults and downfalls in people .
1	that is the kind of thing that gets other good things started .
1	i feel like this street may only be one way .
1	may i ask her the details of this proposal ?
1	you should definitely take her to small claims court .
1	have you ever tried talking to one to see if there was mutual attraction ?
1	just say what you mean and stop assuming people get the hint .
1	this guy could be a fake .
1	the big question that i have is : do you work as well ?
1	which are you referring to , a friend or your wife and her feelings ?
1	other do not see things as you do , so they do n't understand .
1	what do you speculate her problem to be ?
1	and honestly , why would n't a man desire a beautiful , young woman ?
1	i met a girl on the phone , we become very good friends .
1	afterwards , i purchased a loaf oa bread .
1	you might find out later , that you lost the perfect one .
1	nice guys do n't like nice girls .
1	the same things that not attractive women like .
1	in my opinion it will happen if it is meant to be .
1	it is , and it is not a turn off if you have children .
1	if they are in love and there are no objections then they should .
1	quickly lead her to the bedroom .
1	masturbation is acceptable if necessary when remembering .
1	have casual sex , but do not get committed since you are so young .
1	attempt asking her what she enjoys .
1	do you two have a friendship ?
1	do not waste time thinking of your old one .
1	then she saw that i did not care , so she went for it .
1	i just admire the woman 's facial beauty and her good looks .
1	how do i make it special ?
1	did you ever give them a chance ?
1	if you find that guy , you will be happy and it will last .
1	ensure that you will be able to understand one another .
1	it may intimidate boys but never men .
1	my former boyfriend 's sister and i were very close at one point .
1	yes , it does for my girlfriend .
1	however , once upon the dance floor , they feel intimidated .
1	take time to let your feelings develop and become clear .
1	in order to figure out that feeling , give them a little bit .
1	i would advise forgiving her , getting your man , and moving on .
1	what happened to prayer in school ?
1	you have not found the correct one .
1	first , your children should be your priority .
1	what do you enjoy ?
1	the exact way you have before !
1	i said i would resign my teaching job also .
1	it relies on who the guy is .
1	great question but you did not provide information on your charactor .
1	i told you that i would quit my teaching job and go as well .
1	it all depends on the man .
1	nice question but you did not tell me of your character .
1	why not just be friends with him and nothing more ?
1	he does not love you beyond your body .
1	am i going to get hurt ?
1	you can start with a punch line .
1	there 's a generation gap between you two .
1	why have n't you asked her out ?
1	when they have sexual relations with each other , they are considered lesbian .
1	the most important thing is not to give up !
1	in all reality , that would be like dating your mother .
1	what if the guy turns out to be a jerk ?
1	how do i start ?
1	my brother , we shall go into the breech , once more .
1	it is like having your cake and eating it , as well .
1	however , it is not always true .
1	well , it depends on how much you love her .
1	i am not able to ask her due to my sheer amount of shyness !
1	at times i felt as though i was having chest pains !
1	it is equivalent to why men do not like women to have male friends .
1	are you asking how to get a boy to like you ?
1	just wear some clothing that makes you look sexy and turn on the charm .
1	bring her a red rose , and take her somewhere she likes .
1	some of them taste better than others .
1	ask her on a date and take that risk , young man .
1	i have many men friends that i hang out with as friends only .
1	dude , take the risk and ask her out .
1	i have plenty of male friends and we hang out .
1	i am watching dead fish ollec the fish slayer
1	i can say beyond any doubt that i am emotionally ready .
1	i find my boyfriend 's jealousy humorous .
1	my girlfriend and i have been together five and a half years .
1	he is not being fully forthcoming with you .
1	i wish things would change .
1	i need to get to know someone in order to have feelings for them .
1	take a deep breath once in awhile .
1	it looks as though you both are in a difficult position .
1	you are not my student , but the answer it the same .
1	i felt the same way before .
1	it all depends on how the date went .
1	you now have to equality you desired .
1	if you need to know , you already do .
1	go out with friends and talk .
1	not unless you are together .
1	this website can make a variety : www.cheap-check.com
1	it is because they hate being wrong . that is how my boyfriend is .
1	if she desired you also , then it was wrong .
1	after many years , you become one with your partner by understanding each other .
1	so as to not regret anything .
1	i do not think that six is as common as that .
1	not if you do not want her to be angry .
1	support your daughter , no matter her decisions and actions .
1	do you want to go see if it is friday night ?
1	i guess it comes down to your definition of love .
1	i think you should wait to have sex until both of you are ready .
1	that is what the majority of men think about .
1	that would surprise me .
1	when he hurts be there for him .
1	smell this , d you think it stinks ?
1	from the looks of your picture , it would not be difficult .
1	in the meantime just work on bettering yourself and preparing for what you want .
1	that would surprise me .
1	when he is in pain , be by his side .
1	in your opinion , does she smell bad ?
1	from the appearance of your photograph , it would not be difficult .
1	in the meantime , work on improving yourself and preparing for what you want .
1	some guys really dont care .
1	start seeing other women . that should work for good .
1	all girls are at least not me . contact me at holagurrl411 @ yahoo.com
1	or , is that going to make things hurt more ?
1	he is quite mature , is n't he ?
1	there is no way to break up with a guy and not hurt him .
1	make it a bit more universal , like `` no fear '' or something .
1	a great name for a punk band !
1	be yourself with a little bit of spreading , being the best in you .
1	please instant message me with the correct answer .
1	ask yourself if you really love him .
1	can you please tell me where they are as i can not find them ?
1	i like to wear briefs because i like how they fit .
1	we have three children : a fifteen-year-old and a pair of three-year-old twins .
1	i do not know what a surrendered wife is .
1	all people love to talk about themselves—even those who pretend they do not .
1	you may tell the woman what you would like to tell her .
1	life is short , enjoy yourself while it lasts .
1	do the best as a simple man .
1	do not worry whether or not you have a guy .
1	sadly , you are the fourth person who has asked this question .
1	am i just too paranoid ?
1	guys can never go wrong with a woman if they give her jewelry .
1	women can not have it both ways .
1	they would still think about it for a moment before they say no .
1	you should start with heavy petting , then move on to cunnilingus .
1	i suppose that is the first step .
1	i love when a man wears boxer brief underwear .
1	most women would not ask a man on a date .
1	you can check the yellow pages for more information
1	immediately after the date or on the day itself
1	it 's not in the immediate mi , clare area .
1	guys dislike it when they feel that others are nagging at them
1	no , if you really love someone , then monogamy is your only option .
1	why would you want three girlfriends ?
1	yes , it is important to discuss that with your physician .
1	also , please remember that your wife is infallible .
1	it is like losing a loved one .
1	send a reply to the email when you can .
1	let us make a list and disclose everything you want to .
1	he wants to watch football and have sex at the same time .
1	you should try to go to parties and places where he may be .
1	there are many women out there that will be interested in you .
1	you should do it in a church .
1	sex is not love , it is just lust .
1	do you mean what you are telling me ?
1	the card that i bought says that you complete the dozen .
1	are two dozen roses too many roses to give to someone ?
1	did that make you orgasm ?
1	i do not think it will work if he is really a gentleman .
1	her fate has already been determined .
1	because men are disloyal to women and we know hoe that results .
1	that is an unfortunate sign , my friend .
1	you should love everybody the same way you love god .
1	have her send you a picture first , and then send her your picture .
1	judging by their response , their answer is most likely `` no . ''
1	this holds especially when most people are not adept at that skill .
1	what is a major cause of people being disloyal ? boredom with their partner .
1	no one does unless they are psychic or similar .
1	i am never embarrassed or ashamed to be with him .
1	he agrees that i am an affable , close friend to him .
1	if that is so , tell her that reaching climax will not affect that .
1	that is how it goes , i guess .
1	i am free to do as i please .
1	he sits around a lot playing play station 2 .
1	at the age of sixteen , i decided i wanted adventure in my life .
1	make sure she does not read any beauty or celebrity magazines .
1	does it matter if he is gay ?
1	you should spend more time in sexually explicit positions .
1	you can not force someone to harbor affection .
1	i find the ring that i am wearing to be sufficient .
1	i greeted c and asked what c was doing .
1	who is concerned with physical appearance as personality is the meaningful attribute .
1	could the ones you are attempting to be hoosiers , by chance ?
1	offer small gifts now and then and tell her jokes .
1	if you do not already know then you should ask your mother .
1	that outcome would be perverted , or perhaps reversed .
1	the result depends on how strongly you beleive in love .
1	additionally , i 've become aware that she does not often return calls .
1	please proceed to the directory containing all yahoo members .
1	mostly we forget that and let the birds run away .
1	you are practically married , just no paperwork .
1	she was scared that i would not like it .
1	single mothers can not leave the home or are too lazy .
1	most men are interested in younger women .
1	what do you have to do ?
1	remember to keep your eyes open and dress well .
1	most men prefer younger women !
1	what do you have to do ?
1	remember to keep a look out and wear something nice .
1	act as though she does not exist .
1	they are better than other people , and can get away with it .
1	my boyfriend and i have been together for 6 years .
1	it just about drove my husband crazy .
1	i would agree with nichole 's statement .
1	they think about how attractive the women appear .
1	be sure not to take it overly far .
1	they are both aware and he is always kind however she hates me .
1	do not change for the purpose of attracting a man .
1	in that case , you should call her and suggest that you talk .
1	women , as well as men , are unfaithful .
1	if it was not true , the two of you would be simply friends .
1	this is not a site that directs you to sites that sell pornography .
1	the waterfall was a great experience but that was all we could hear .
1	we are not going to sit on our butts .
1	i was joking about the last choice .
1	some are pleased with the decision ; others not so much .
1	chivalry is rare now .
1	if you call him he will want to talk .
1	what ever needs to be said , say it now .
1	that would be difficult i believe .
1	your partner will have total faith in you .
1	if you get this message please respond when you can .
1	i never was unfaithful when married .
1	find out the things she loves and spend time with her .
1	talk to her beforehand about this .
1	if you do receive this message could you please respond ?
1	i never committed adulatory while i was married .
1	i suggest you speak with her about this beforehand .
1	you should invite him over for a romantic suprise .
1	a marriage takes work , but can be very satisfying .
1	can you give me a call please ?
1	please let me know if you ever find a perfect man .
1	do not allow your enemy to discourage you .
1	i wish i could say honesty , but even that can backfire .
1	but now , she looks sad everyday .
1	but that is only for extroverted people .
1	believe me , you deserve so much better .
1	she has to want it for herself .
1	you can chat with me at cold_dark_storm @ yahoo.com
1	do you remember where you got that nice dress ?
1	when did you break up , and why were you so jealous ?
1	do not let them get too close .
1	i always thought people were sure they wanted marriage when they got engaged .
1	hello , it is good know you care for the girl .
1	if you find him attractive , try flirting and see how he reacts .
1	love is a feeling , but feelings are not love .
1	maybe he has never thought of you in that way .
1	in ohio where i live , you do not see much chivalry there either .
1	if you have something in common , it would be wise to use it .
1	i am not even sure how he feels about me .
1	leave your home in pursuit of other interests , as it pleases you .
1	do you recall who was unfaithful ? they were .
1	have any of you found love with two sisters simultaneously ?
1	take care and be prepared for an audio disturbance on your video tape .
1	i love new getting new clothing .
1	he want someone to feel sorry for him .
1	you are the one .
1	i am blind in one eye .
1	you will know , because you will get a gut feeling .
1	he is not interesed in you .
1	excuse me , kempie . please explain the train analogy
1	please consider your feelings . do not apply too much thought .
1	the situation would be far worse if i wasnt familair with the gentleman .
1	the other user did not answer the question correctly .
1	i know quite a few beautiful girls who do n't think they 're beautiful .
1	maybe he has a sister who uses the phone all the time .
1	it is easier because i am so attractive .
1	you know you should just do it .
1	i am only 13 years old . i am not sure .
1	i will not sleep well if i have any doubt in our relationship .
1	on the east side of pittsburgh is beto 's pizza , the best pizza !
1	you do not want everyone in your wedding .
1	there is so much porn , and you want to pay for it ?
1	what fancies her , what baby girl likes .
1	man , there is so much porn out there , must you pay ?
1	if you ever used this line with a girl , please tell me why .
1	show her , tell her , and draw her a diagram .
1	they are the ones who helped you come all the way here .
1	it matters more than it does for a guy .
1	she was accidentally bumped into .
1	he is going to be a young man .
1	say that you are sorry and ask for forgiveness .
1	if you are not having sex it is because it is her choice .
1	sometimes you need to play the game if you want to say ahead .
1	i do not understand , you are supposed to be wrong ? right ?
1	i keep expecting her to return .
1	forget about him and enjoy the love you have .
1	one avenue to attempt is a yahoo email search .
1	people like and desire the unattainable .
1	i purchase some flowers for my wife every few weeks .
1	i went out with someone and i kissed them on the first date .
1	i have a crush on a female who is older than me .
1	it is n't love if you have to question it .
1	there are still some nice gentlemen left out there !
1	asking a girl out in a message is rude .
1	you have to take risks if you want to achieve things .
1	no , i am not talking about intercourse .
1	well , you could try asking your wife .
1	think of things you know he enjoys doing .
1	why will she not ask me out ?
1	disease , because innocent people get that too .
1	and what it does not work its way out ?
1	i do not mean with war either way .
1	if you are a woman then it is wonderful to do .
1	what if you love this person completely ?
1	what if it does not work out ?
1	i do not mean with war , either .
1	if you are a girl , then it is awesome to do .
1	what if you like this person ?
1	that situation would be far from ideal , correct ?
1	women never express displeasure of the fact that i am posession of merely five .
1	i am non-caucasian , and stand six feet tall at the age of twenty-seven .
1	try telling her you are in love with her and then follow her reaction .
1	remember in the long run , is her friendship more important or your crush ?
1	that would not be good , would you not say ?
1	i only have five and women never complain about it .
1	i am twenty-seven years old , six feet tall , and not white .
1	i would grade their performance 100 % if i could .
1	smile and tell them 'great ' , it 's a fool proof plan .
1	relocate to a new city .
1	i do not want to be divorced or to live separated from my husband .
1	love is what make intimacy great !
1	i do not want to get hurt either .
1	i know there are good people out there , just be careful .
1	hmm , well , when you get older you will fine out .
1	what you need to do is learn to trust your man .
1	i hope you will be caught by asking that question .
1	i am sure he would love to help !
1	seven years are enough to understand a lot of things in life .
1	i hope you are caught asking that important question .
1	i am sure that he would love to help .
1	seven years are enough to understand many things in life .
1	i enjoy hearing information relevant to this .
1	why would you not attempt to seduce him ?
1	appears as though you should not be engaged .
1	however , the new child has been in charge since his arrival .
1	they say that if you love someone , you should liberate them .
1	i will simply say i will never forget it .
1	i hope that she misses you as much as you miss her .
1	i have experienced that myself .
1	it is likely the same topics that you discussed during your date .
1	best of luck to you , and hold your head high .
1	they even propose marriage to me .
1	you should not remain if you are not in love .
1	there is no need to worry . especially if you have never had one .
1	you should have fun .
1	some men like to pamper their women .
1	i do not think it is 'wrong ' at all .
1	asking girls on dates is not that different .
1	clearly you like her and know how to tell her your feelings .
1	is she annoying you wanting intercourse ?
1	if she has intercourse with many men , she is a slut .
1	you think your family happiness is yours .
1	is she driving you crazy wanting sex ?
1	simply relax , and continue as usual .
1	also , are you able to manage the way he spends his money ?
1	do not forget that it is for better or for worse !
1	i am unsure , but i have a very similar issue .
1	no , she is your wife . furthermore , she would be aware !
1	can you deal with the way he spends money ?
1	remember that it is for better or for worse ?
1	i do not know bbut i have the same issue .
1	no , she is your wife and should know that .
1	i do n't really know , what is your name ?
1	not all guys enjoy this .
1	try to tell her that she looks slender .
1	you should think before you make decisions of the heart .
1	god created women and men in different unique ways .
1	would you like to go to a concert with your husband for date night ?
1	what is the person not telling the truth about ?
1	it 's possible she just does not reciprocate your feelings . i am sorry .
1	incidentally , what made him leave you ?
1	how can you describe a love you have never felt ?
1	it 's strange . also , he was acting strangely in recent days .
1	you should get a penpal of the same gender and age .
1	if you 're still in love , why would you move on ?
1	no , i would n't go to other girls .
1	there is no united states law that says they can not .
1	i would not wait too long to get the family 's seal of approval .
1	you have the chance of being happy and not getting hurt .
1	be watchful of other 's actions and how they speak .
1	do not let anyone tell you otherwise .
1	move on with your life .
1	perhaps you need to warm him up first ?
1	they are in denial that they were caught because of their own stupidity .
1	i recommend morimotos restaurant in philadelphia .
1	maybe when you are good natured and attractive they are more drawn to you .
1	it is so easy to get married to the wrong person .
1	i married too early also , but at least we did not have children .
1	you should not allow yourself to be hurt any longer .
1	i have found that to be true for myself also .
1	sometimes in life you can not make everyone love you .
1	before you talk to him , you have to be honest with him .
1	a lot of males have the same issues in common .
1	i do not find a rude woman attractive .
1	i feel that a picky woman can not be pleased .
1	men are slower than women to pick up on hints .
1	i enjoy when girls give me eye contact .
1	what did you like about it there ?
1	however , that is just my opinion .
1	be yourself because you will feel more comfortable if you act naturally .
1	i 've said everything i have to say .
1	as a general proposition , men desire sex and women desire romance .
1	personally i am not interested in a woman with children .
1	she and i then began to date , and eventually were married .
1	repeat your exact question to her .
1	if you want to talk , let me know !
1	by the way , he is very stubborn .
1	the one i know is loyal , and i can count on them .
1	i have never thought of you like that .
1	this guy just causes conflict . why bother dealing with him ?
1	are the two of you skilled at resolving disagreements ?
1	how is that your dog rolls over at your command ?
1	why can you not ask her out on a date ?
1	you must regardless of how difficult it may seem .
1	i would like to know your answer , do you have anything to add ?
1	how did you train your dog to roll over ?
1	why could you not ask her out ?
1	but you should , regardless of how difficult it may seem .
1	maybe zombies devoured her .
1	you should wait if you are able to .
1	ask her to become active and clean the house .
1	i recommend that you pursue the same course of action .
1	they act as if you are a serious inconvenience to them .
1	i am not quite feeling like myself today .
1	touch her face softly with the back of your hand .
1	be yourself and talk to her , then , ask her out .
1	girls love a guy with confidence .
1	if she is looking around the room instead of you ...
1	i think you are a rainbow warrior .
1	i would like to see aishwraya rai 's toes .
1	it would be considered cheating only if someone is upset .
1	i would like to give you a tip .
1	then he has to notice you .
1	tell him to sit at home and you get a job !
1	i want to be happy with my life and not miserable everyday .
1	they like it when you treat them badly .
1	my wife and i had success with that method .
1	i advise you to have a shower before speaking with her .
1	may you receive very good luck .
1	i suggest you approach him when you return to school .
1	that is how it worked for my wife and me .
1	take a shower and wash yourself , then speak to her .
1	good luck to you today .
1	go speak to him when you get back to school .
1	the flask item number is # wak3060p and the knife number is # zbk1752p .
1	one reason for me is that it really turns guys on .
1	it is one way of being honest to him , no matter what .
1	you could let him treat you like the queen he thinks you are .
1	i am only at the beginning .
1	i hope that you have a good attorney on retainer .
1	it is possible he feels lonely .
1	alternatively , a lesbian being attracted to a man ?
1	you asked this question late , did n't you ?
1	you should have a wedding if you believe you need one .
1	why are you being confrontational with me about my attitude ?
1	tell her that your father-in-law will protect her .
1	an apology is a nice idea when you start an altercation .
1	i think it is healthy to have love in your life .
1	i do not know why i prefer blonde hair .
1	hi , there is a woman at my academy that i find attractive .
1	why are you uncomfortable talking about sex ?
1	he may not be that type of man .
1	tell your mother in law that she is safer at her home .
1	yes , but only on her breasts ,
1	why do girls dress like boys ?
1	i bought mine for $ 5,000 ten years ago .
1	i do not think you should kiss , at all .
1	tell your friend to muster his courage and ask her .
1	do n't hesitate . enter and leave .
1	honest men love women . men who deceive women adore them .
1	were you inebriated on your wedding day ?
1	actually , they were jealous of my mother and i .
1	i recently had the same experience .
1	believe me , all men are not the same .
1	then you will understand the value of life .
1	i will be happy to help your wife have more sex .
1	yes , you can most definitely get pregnant .
1	that seems like the sort of behavior to expect from a guy .
1	she will most likely be flattered that she is the only one you want .
1	i am going to be evicted again .
1	the situation probably has nothing to do with you .
1	what about five , ten , twenty , or thirty ?
1	how about visiting a foreign country ?
1	do not be concerned about whether the cats will be fed .
1	i am sorry that i can not be of greater assistance to you .
1	if you tell me your age , i might be able to assist you .
1	this is your test question and my response .
1	he simply wants you to be content .
1	he is a classmate and also a good friend of mine .
1	he was laid off from work just before we relocated here .
1	i am in my freshman year of school and already in love .
1	he gave me a hug at the end of the school year .
1	look into his eyes and ask if he has been faithful .
1	do you think he considered your feelings when he was cheating ?
1	it depends on how attractive your body is .
1	i am speaking as a person who has cheated .
1	you will know the answer when the time is right .
1	what you want to do is okay , but try to avoid overdoing it .
1	i do n't think about it .
1	am i happy when we are together ?
1	speak in a clear way , after all , he is your father .
1	he said the same thing as her .
1	i never send christmas cards out .
1	you should be pleasing her if she is pleasing you .
1	are you able to let some things go ?
1	i have to agree with them , just tell him .
1	you 're thinking too much about marriage .
1	i like anything that will make me laught all night .
1	i was older when i had my first kiss with my first real boyfriend .
1	it 's the small things that show us what you are thinking .
1	we talk at night because i work abroad and take care of the kids .
1	lick her body , starting with her hair until you reach her toes .
1	try burning a compact disc with his favorite band .
1	will you ever get drunk with them again ?
1	i am curious , could i be in love ?
1	a lot of women are the same regard .
1	i can not figure it out but , seeing her terrifies me .
1	may i look into your eyes ?
1	how do i know when i am in love ?
1	i find myself attracted to females and i want to date them .
1	a lot of females are the same personality wise .
1	i do n't know why , although seeing her in person scares me .
1	when he talks to you , does he look at you ?
1	people get married while mentally preparing for divorce .
1	no , it just does not happen as often .
1	the most difficult task can be to let go of the situation .
1	you have to encourage social situations for him to take part .
1	do both of them consider it to be acceptable ?
1	also , i just put a mint into my mouth .
1	i can provide you with more reasons .
1	as i have said before , this is a difficult question to answer .
1	you need to tell your wife before she finds out from someone else .
1	such as that it may or may not help them .
1	a young female named moonlight who i see , but am not aquainted with .
1	when a girl is having fun , it makes her seem even more attractive .
1	no , sir , not wrong at all .
1	should i wait or should i go ( as wham says ) ?
1	do many women say that they want a real man ?
1	ask more girls , until one calls you back .
1	and , should i get her a gift ?
1	is there a reason you are not interested in him ?
1	sex is better between two people that are well suited for each other .
1	i have experienced the same thing three times .
1	in my opinion , you only have one true love in your lifetime .
1	by doing that you harmed your own self . that must have hurt .
1	do you have a job ? that would help clarify the question .
1	you are only as different as you think you are .
1	you should trust your feelings to know when it is time .
1	do you know a way to get out of the situation ?
1	men think a woman is lazy if she only wants to be a mother .
1	you should do the one thing that many do not .
1	i am wondering , how old are you ?
1	the wwii singer is from the jersey isle in britain .
1	never assume that you will end up with hurt feelings .
1	many men are looking to find trophy wives .
1	online relationships should remain online .
1	i would like to be the first to congratulate you if you are successful .
1	money and sex are very important to men .
1	try to find a man that is serious about his studies .
1	people in relationships should be able to maintain friendships .
1	i do not have the same experiences a married person has .
1	do not answer . continue what you are doing with a smirk .
1	irregardless , there is no excuse for cheating on your wife .
1	take a moment and then tell me what you think .
1	congratulations , you should keep all of them .
1	would it be wrong for a woman to date her ex-husbands brother ?
1	have fun and do it . no strings attached .
1	what about a man who is responsible ?
1	i could share with you what helped me .
1	children are the ones who suffer most .
1	( truthfully , i am not that fond of roses . )
1	honestly , you were the one who left him first , were n't you ?
1	if you desire to then , undoubtedly , yes
1	firstly , you ought to become familiar with her and become her friend .
1	the magic 8 ball suggests that you ask again later .
1	why do women think that men want to control them ?
1	because your partner has faith that you are not deceiving him .
1	if i do not marry her , she will leave me .
1	some people just prefer things to be that way .
1	these days gift cards make the best present for anyone .
1	you should just do what you are most comfortable with .
1	a good woman would not do that .
1	if i ask a man out , then i always pay for the date .
1	how can you love him if you rarely ever talk to him ?
1	is it really worth it to unfaithful to your wife ?
1	consider this . you are saving the best for last !
1	have fun and do not be afraid to discuss and even try new things .
1	i did one time simply for amusement .
1	it does not indicate that you do or do not merely because you asked .
1	if you love him and you are able to speak with him about anything .
1	does n't the other aggressor deserve a chance ?
1	yes , because parents like to screw peop
1	it 's too difficult to wait until we are married .
1	hello ! how are you ?
1	ninety people a day in just one service is quite impressive !
1	i assure you , you can not give up looking .
1	we could have something together , only if you are 18 years old .
1	i send you my deepest condolences .
1	how do you ask a boy out on a date ?
1	if they are truly yours , they will return .
1	a guy feels cornered when a girl chases him .
1	it depends , how old are the two of you ?
1	actions speak louder than words .
1	you should not trust him again as cheating is disgusting !
1	i asked her and she gave me more detailed information .
1	is there a possibility that the two of you may consummate your relationship ?
1	it behooves you to give her everything she asks for and more .
1	my apologies for making you feel uncomfortable . may we continue on ?
1	you will not know , until you actually try .
1	oh thank you wonderful ladies for the kind compliments !
1	ifnyou are a 30 year old guy , then leave the kids alone ! !
1	sometimes women expect to receive things you could n't deliver . that happens sometimes .
1	it sounds as though you are in love .
1	you have nothing to lose .
1	mtv influences girls as well , but that is their problem .
1	then he will ask you why you are doing this .
1	some things are not meant to be .
1	can you find their phone number in the phone book ?
1	if it is possible or worth trying is up to you .
1	you will never know if he likes you unless you ask .
1	it is as easy as reading your letter .
1	give him a smile or do something which makes her laugh at you .
1	i am sure another girl would appreciate you better .
1	something just clicked between us , and i felt like i was in heaven !
1	is it that hard to find a nice girl that likes you ?
1	marriage is more about giving and not taking .
1	is love truly in the air today ?
1	get rid of the cheating boyfriend and move on .
1	the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
1	i believe it is , wow !
1	i would kick their bums .
1	is love in the air ?
1	dump the cheater and move on .
1	the first time i thought he was nice and sweet .
1	i believe she is a woman .
1	i would kick both their asses .
1	think of your children first . they do not need abuse at home .
1	i love cat 's answer , it is perfect .
1	please think of your children , no child deserves to abused .
1	it 's perfect because i actually like cats .
1	some do n't even know about everyone .
1	move on friend , there are plenty of fish in the sea .
1	no one tends to forget the date of a wedding .
1	no , i always tend to hate my sex life .
1	even though it was difficult i quit , but i do not regret it !
1	regarding girls with blonde hair : they are beautiful and stupid .
1	if you are unfaithful , are caught , and get a divorce ?
1	visit the website and search for `` cesium chloride and oxygen drops '' .
1	oriental restaurants and karaoke bars are both options .
1	if i wanted a femme man i would simply date a lesbian .
1	if you like him , you should act .
1	he has a question for you .
1	do a search for that on yahoo and read the articles you find .
1	do not end the relationship , but instead let her end it .
1	yoda would say to use the force .
1	how would we snap out of it ?
1	her name is fur immer liebe samsonellen .
1	please tell me how you forgot to look for the information on the license .
1	get her to eventually ask him to her place .
1	see if he finally gets the message .
1	investigate if he finally understood your actions .
1	now things have been made a mess of .
1	please add a reputable pick up artist online resource .
1	how much have you dated in the past ?
1	i 'd be interested in speaking more if that is okay ?
1	that would apply to an 18-year-old dating a 17-year-old .
1	they can not really wake up until they do something really out of hand .
1	is that wrong of her , or not ?
1	if you really want it make sure
1	peep her out and relax
1	go out find a good girl one that want poop on you
1	you need to be sincere and just get over it
1	the item is non-existant .
1	azo pills will make your urine orange .
1	it is good to see you are up to date , david .
1	from what i remember , i believe it was the second and the third .
1	do you love him for the person inside of him ?
1	go to switchboard.com and put in the address there .
1	it is worth looking for but is hard to find .
1	no more than twelve and no less than five .
1	go to switchboard.com and type in their address .
1	it 's worth looking into it if it
1	if you can get over that , then you are straight .
1	let me know if it works .
1	did you tell him ? you were really serious then .
1	it is because you want to get back together with him .
1	if you can get over that , you are strong .
1	please let me know if it works well .
1	are you really serious ?
1	you could just email the money through paypal . would you like my address ?
1	if you do not like it , just move on to the next category .
1	it depends on who it is and how the date went .
1	love seems more sweet in the beginning of a relationship .
1	i feel that this situation is not good at all .
1	look around and you should be able to find what you are looking for .
1	what do you suggest i do for her ?
1	take things day by day , as love may frighten him .
1	keep dating until you find the right person for you .
1	do not ruin a good friendship .
1	this will be an investment for your future .
1	you just think of all the ups and downs of the situation .
1	if someone says koigokoro temae , that is chinese for i love you .
1	make sure you think about all the positives and negatives .
1	part of caring about someone is showing your love for them .
1	he manipulating you to make you feel that you are indebted to him .
1	you should simply enjoy living your life and love others .
1	the situation is not ideal .
1	if you are attracted to a person , then why not ?
1	shart checking out the other guys and let him know how it feels .
1	you shoudl not have had an affair . the damage is already done .
1	if the relationship is only sexual you should be sure to use protection .
1	some people know the possibility of divorce even when they are getting married .
1	you should not let him know that you are thinking about leaving him .
1	you should first make sure that she is available .
1	i think women see things differently than we men do .
1	that would be britney spears behind , or carmen electra 's mouth .
1	i would have instantly said yes if i 'd had the choice .
1	i am acquainted with a man who met his wife in the same manner .
1	i have been unfaithful and had others be unfaithful to me .
1	direct your attention to this statement that men expel and women retain .
1	they could possibly be sexual addicts .
1	it impresses me when a man does not try to hard .
1	honestly , it is not a big deal .
1	if there is hate around , it is easily noticeable .
1	i asked you how many drinks ?
1	as for me , it is a feeling i can never put into words .
1	it depends on if he really cares for you or not .
1	do you have a good figure or are you extremley beautiful
1	cool chick with hot ass is what i like
1	if you find a good girl you wont want to marry some one else
1	my feelings are you are more lonely than in love
1	if he gave you something what would happen
1	i would like to be with the brunette .
1	i would say no since you even asked that question .
1	that is because they are simply bored , with nothing better to do .
1	if he stalks you , call the police .
1	many women and men prefer an uncut guy .
1	you have to enter his full name .
1	why would you want to see her toes ?
1	i think you should be forward and ask him .
1	this is the first time that i have heard of this .
1	you have no legal recourse .
1	everyone has an unconventional side .
1	i believe the majority of women are high maintenance and difficult to deal with .
1	please stop pestering him and give him a beer to drink .
1	you may want to pay attention to her .
1	good luck finding the right answer for it !
1	they are insecure men and can not handle a real woman .
1	just look to her eyes .
1	good luck in finding the right answer !
1	they are insecure dweebs who can not handle a real woman .
1	just look into her eyes : )
1	it is in the people search section .
1	yes it indeed does , to a certain extent .
1	is she or the man you are infatuated with more important to you ?
1	i only speak of this from experience !
1	if you trust him , meet his family and hope for the best .
1	you missed him or her when he or she was gone .
1	gentlemen are sometimes too attainable .
1	you should be unfaithful while she is being unfaithful .
1	he is trying to find an opportunity to be unfaithful .
1	i do not think that it is wrong .
1	i did not realize i am so sick .
1	you should show her what a nice and caring guy you are .
1	i like to french kiss and make out .
1	the answer is no , there is no chance with him .
1	they have kept a friendship since her divorce .
1	did you try to turn around ?
1	give your friend the space to follow their own desires .
1	i would suggest you ask them . i have not heard anything .
1	what is she is realy mean or crazy ?
1	go to the arcade , go cart riding , bowling , or play pool .
1	anywhere , i prefer somewhere nice .
1	you will always come back to him .
1	or , you could just talk to him .
1	if she likes you she will uunderstand .
1	i need one for a guy i like .
1	the whole saying about guys mature a few years .
1	so flirt with one of them and you will be in love .
1	a gravitational force which pulls you .
1	girls never go for sensitive guys .
1	i would not exhibit that behavior in front of all individuals .
1	after celebrating christmas for five years , my husband gifted me a leather jacket .
1	if you still have trouble , file a complaint and reverse to them .
1	i would not do that to just anyone .
1	my husband received a leather jacket for our fifth christmas .
1	just have an affair with a married man .
1	why are you looking for free ? do you have some money problem ?
1	i just will not waste my time .
1	why are you looking for free things , are you having money issues ?
1	ask him what she means to him or will it happen again .
1	if you meeet her at home she may need a vase .
1	i will not waste my time .
1	you could just stay back and see how she handles it .
1	he is definitley a lowlife who sucks .
1	does the penis size really matter ?
1	actually i know more women them men sexually .
1	most of the guys that like big girls are really skinny .
1	you can ignore the ones who said `` alcohol . ''
1	they only want one thing and it is not the responsibility of a family .
1	it would best if you avoided places he frequents .
1	it is a pleasure to answer these questions !
1	are you certain that you love him for who he is at this time ?
1	it 's the same as some women do , while some women do not .
1	as i stated , allowing time would be the best advice .
1	he will not care .
1	you have my confidence , i wish you much luck .
1	how do i do this ?
1	i am a woman , and i am not a woman .
1	men are men and they tend to jump from one topic to another .
1	i wish you the best of luck , i am confident in you .
1	watch over the whole situation carefully .
1	i wonder how will i take care of this situation ?
1	i am a girl , and personally i am not .
1	guys usually just switch from one topic to another fairly fast .
1	i had sex on the internet with a random guy .
1	also remember flowers . flowers are a must .
1	i was really scared of one guy who was creepy .
1	it is just having fun and pleasing one another .
1	first off , ask him if he is .
1	you will just know if you like someone .
1	i like redheads with a fine , sexy body .
1	just remember , a life-long commitment is just as it implies .
1	just remember a life long commitment is just that , life long .
1	can you head it off at that pass or not ?
1	give her a link like a blog site yahoo 360 or myspaces .
1	wake up and smell the coffee .
1	go out with friends , not necessarily males but females .
1	you could always point out people you see kissing .
1	family in general division . no thank you .
1	follow along with whatever the best you have had would think .
1	in addition , he did not push for sex .
1	i would say `` good , keep looking . ''
1	how can i get her to love me ?
1	just do not go overboard with it .
1	if he likes older women , he probably likes mature women .
1	please be sure to listen with your ears .
1	whether or not they are attractive or not .
1	if he is jealous , he may not trust you and neither would i .
1	i began to date at the age of 14 .
1	actually , my girlfriend does it on occasion .
1	when did i cease to do that ?
1	men hunt while women care for a nest .
1	my friends and family give me a hard time about the same issue .
1	please let me know once you find out .
1	let them know that you like them .
1	what personality attributes do you ladies look for in a man ?
1	** the first half of this sentence this is not in english !
1	spend time with friends or alone , but not cheating .
1	sorry to say it , but you still act like a child .
1	on that day , did he at least spend time with you ?
1	it is the the same reason that men do .
1	that may introduce many more problems .
1	excuse me , i find you very attractive .
1	i have surgically altered neither my breasts or my eyes .
1	the fact that i want her back is not going away .
1	i agree but only if he invites you to go along with the friends .
1	soldier , is she in love with you ?
1	i witnessed it myself .
1	most people these days look only at the physical stuff .
1	women can be as equally as guilty as men .
1	that way , she can get whatever she wants .
1	look for signs that she likes you .
1	only they are marture enough , though .
1	smile , peck him , and give him a big hug .
1	get a big piece of paper and write ' i love you . ''
1	perhaps you both could have a very strong relationship .
1	do not bother another woman 's partner .
1	goodness , i became very tired writing that last sentence .
1	you can have one without the other one .
1	she is eighteen years old and big and girly .
1	if they are the one , you will know it .
1	it is not the end of the world if it goes wrong .
1	ok then ; do you have a job ?
1	knowing you , i think you can devote yourself to one person .
1	i heard raz b say that to sister to sister magazine .
1	i am so confused , please answer my questions .
1	do not be afraid , you might get invited and have a blast .
1	i heard raz b said that to `` sister to sister '' magazine .
1	i am very confused . please help me resolve this .
1	do not be frightened , you may be invited and enjoy yourself .
1	i can confirm that it does work from personal experience .
1	personally speaking , i enjoy art .
1	durex is a condom that will not break , regardless of its use .
1	i recommend always jewelry , although chance by channel is also good .
1	as a last resort , you could try a more risque christmas gift .
1	you may kiss him .
1	you need to get over this issue .
1	the basis for a strong friendship between men is mutual trust
1	if you book a cruise late , you can often find cheap rates .
1	truly , give it to the salvation army
1	if he does n't relish it , simply ask him to end it .
1	no , i believe that was grape vine talk and not an actual fact .
1	at the moment i feel deeply from the first glance
1	as a rule , it is better to proceed forward than to reverse .
1	am i mistaken , or do you receive a a great deal of that ?
1	what do ladies prefer in a gentleman 's physique ?
1	i am anticipating the statement .
1	please wait until you have fully prepared yourself if you are not currently prepared .
1	please be polite , currently lots of people forget to be polite .
1	but loving with eyes shut .
1	this is because men make this sort of decision without fully thinking it through .
1	true love is not painful or harmful to the people in the relationship .
1	there are also significant cultural and religious differences involved .
1	why did god set my mind when i can not get him .
1	well , it depends , especially for me .
1	i say this because once you cheat , you can not stop .
1	the more she treats me like poop , the better .
1	i like a girl that 's in two of my classes .
1	he wanted to use it to kill her .
1	i do n't care if you kissed her .
1	we played that game as kids .
1	always trust your gut feeling .
1	i like this girl i only have two classes with her .
1	he told me he tried to kill her with that .
1	who cares if you kissed someone ?
1	when we were kids we played that game .
1	your gut feeling is usually correct .
1	that does not apply to all guys , but most of them .
1	i think you must give more time for your relationship .
1	i think either is fine with me ; but i prefer bad guys .
1	in my opinion you are taking a chance either way .
1	if he says `` yes '' , then you know it is over .
1	after how many hours would you say sex is too long ?
1	would you consider yourself a homosexual ?
1	be very genuine with the recommendation given to you .
1	if she does not break up with him ...
1	you just do not know about it .
1	some men are sexier without hair .
1	when he gets along with his girlfriend .
1	you ought to ask a friend to do it .
1	no , men just think that this is how women answer questions .
1	try to know details about her .
1	if love is respectful and mutual , it is a beautiful thing .
1	you are fifteen and that is too old for spanking in my opinion .
1	they want to impress them .
1	do not give her too much space , or it will turn up bad .
1	do you have any details about her ?
1	it 's a wonderful thing , provided it is respectful and mutual .
1	i think 15 is a bit too old for spanking .
1	because they think it 's impressive .
1	since he responded by saying no , he lacks instincts of women .
1	there is a saying- `` you never forget your first love . ''
1	we did not succeed .
1	therefore i said that we should just remain friends .
1	did she give you something ?
1	explain to me men 's reasons for doing that .
1	it would seem that men get found out more often .
1	however , it is a unique thought .
1	did she give you anything ?
1	tell me why men do that ?
1	i guess men just get caught doing that more .
1	it is a unique thought .
1	calla lillies are so beautiful and come in many colors .
1	porn is a creative activity- writing , picture , films , etc .
1	we are just waiting for the catch .
1	i have the same problem !
1	he has been a disrespectful bastard that likes to get smacked in the face .
1	i feel you need to move on and still remember your kid .
1	you should not have premarital sex if it is against your religious beliefs .
1	yes . make it a coupon for oral sex , or something similar .
1	love happens sometimes when you were n't thinking about it .
1	preferably someone who is not afraid to show emotion .
1	i am not that kind of guy and i think that guys are cowards .
1	you are too young to date or be in love .
1	they might be feeling the same way and want more as well .
1	i hope you find the right one .
1	how does this make you feel ?
1	it had been 37 years now and well , whatever .
1	it seems hard if she fell in love .
1	it is wrong to cheat .
1	there are two ways of cheating in modern day .
1	try to get a girl then take her picture .
1	if you want extravagant , then it will cost $ 20,000 .
1	i believe that all males only need physical love .
1	should i consider getting married in another location ?
1	the probability of cheating increases if the person owns a cellular telephone .
1	that would depend on how tight it is .
1	what amount you spend depends on other things .
1	now everyone is happy except him .
1	i would say , is it in yet ?
1	would you not have what is considered grounds for a divorce ?
1	is it that you want to be the female version of 'the one ? '
1	just do not get them mad by getting them drunk .
1	is there a heart to listen to or is it just teenage puppy love .
1	my former girlfriend and her sister are very beautiful women .
1	if his behavior does not change , i recommend that you call the police .
1	it takes two people to love .
1	be careful not to be caught by security .
1	ask him to choose between you and her .
1	i think he likes me because he flirts with me and holds my hand .
1	in the end both of you will be happy .
1	do you want your family and friends to attend ?
1	do n't fear the unknown . give it your best shot !
1	not only is he poor but he also displays a bad attitude in life .
1	in addition , you married him , and you were the one who proposed .
1	if you love her , then i would advise you go for it .
1	you need to stop and really think about if you truly love him .
1	if that is not an option , there are other sources available .
1	it relys on what he is lieing about .
1	let her know that you think about her .
1	it is a small gesture but it means a lot !
1	what are some things i can do to get revenge against her ?
1	love is just something that everyone does . we get stuck falling in love .
1	first of all , do not marry him .
1	they do not need an extra reason to kiss , haha ! happy holidays !
1	she did not cherish your love as you cherished hers .
1	is it to make love with somebody ?
1	they prefer them with back hair instead .
1	your girlfriend has not accepted no .
1	maybe he thinks you can get back together one day .
1	your girlfriend did not accept it .
1	maybe he think that the two of you can get back together .
1	it probably is for you if religion is very important to one of you .
1	that does not seem to be advantageous if you plan to have children .
1	listing them all would result in a very long list .
1	sometimes that is not always the case . and you are the best judge .
1	dear katherine , please be careful when dealing with this person .
1	i think men and women cheat for various reasons .
1	if you are not married and really mean it , why not say it ?
1	your questions do not make any sence .
1	do exactly what your heart is telling you .
1	if you did not have intercourse with him
1	be brave and talk to her .
1	men do not care about birthdays in the same way women do .
1	guys rarely take girls back ; but girls seem to take guys back .
1	make me feel happy and free !
1	i do nto think you ever stopped loving your ex .
1	it is kind of like a caveman gene .
1	i have that problem but i try . it helps some .
1	this does nothing but tempt fate .
1	i call her my meali ' i and she calls me her po'okela .
1	ask yourself : did he have the money ?
1	and if it does not , then be satisfied with being happy .
1	if you like more thing about them , then go for it .
1	that is cold , not giving you something for your birthday .
1	i will create one and give it up .
1	and just like that , you will have your love back .
1	if it works out , great ; it not , no loss .
1	is that because they 're friends and family ?
1	that depends on what you look like .
1	most people at my school know i am gay .
1	did it work , even for just a laugh ? why ?
1	i think he finished elementary school with f 's in every class !
1	i feel as though i should do something .
1	a lot of things to think about if you are looking for life !
1	it is illegal ; the 20 year-old should be put away .
1	you should try it with the lights on !
1	conversations among men rarely contain lies .
1	a majority of men become timid around women .
1	they are someone that i never connected with .
1	you deserve someone who sees the potential in you .
1	show and do not tell her that you can fulfill her needs and wants .
1	do not grab her arm or step on her to be rejected .
1	while standing in front , on the phone with her , of course .
1	it would make the illegal into something legal .
1	continue to love and be loved !
1	how should i approach an attractive woman to ask her out ?
1	due to my divorce , i suffered financially . she did not care .
1	they say it is a mans ego but a woman is a hoe .
1	they call only once a week ?
1	i might go to the beach , do something interesting and creative .
1	again , i can assure you that this tactic will be successful .
1	do n't allow anyone to continually withhold information from you until convenient times .
1	though he was honest , it still sucks .
1	just be careful because a lot of guys are users .
1	i do not knowm but you are the one in love , right ?
1	i broke up with this girl and then it broke my heart .
1	we will kill them with kindness has always had a funny sound to it .
1	attempt to listen before speaking , you may miss out on something important .
1	i am attracted to someone who shares my dreams .
1	it is sometimes possible for kids to be born abnormal .
1	good luck on your search .
1	i doubt einstein knows the answer to that question .
1	of course , men like women asking them out .
1	thus it would probably be better to do that in his bed .
1	people are crazy and mean these days .
1	however , i do enjoy it more when i am with a big guy .
1	to give a hideous person their first kiss .
1	if you want to achieve intercourse use your hand .
1	a nice , cold six pack , and a stellar game on television .
1	in the end you will all get burned if you do not .
1	you jsut have to wait on her , she is out there .
1	is that not great news ?
1	it is like asking why women do not find bald men attractive .
1	you put the penis in the vagina and thrust .
1	try out a country bar . there are many of them in that area .
1	does it matter in today 's world ?
1	so , she asked for the moon .
1	that is true , but it does not last long .
1	it would not be as special if you did not write it yourself .
1	you are looking at it in that way .
1	it is not easy to move on .
1	it means he is still alive and a man that loves women .
1	get her something sexy she can use with her husband .
1	do you even have to ask ?
1	most people love to have christmas gifts .
1	it is not that easy to move on .
1	it means that is heterosexual , and alive .
1	get her something that she can use with her husband .
1	why do you even have to ask that question ?
1	i think most people like receiving a christmas gift .
1	i believe in love at first sight , but some are just mere infatuation .
1	forget it and save yourself the embarassment ,
1	he just expressed his love and has every right to . what happenned ?
1	if you are nice i will acquiesce .
1	i examined the circumstances and wisely decided to leave .
1	that is not your husband is it ?
1	if she gets angry she was n't that good of a friend .
1	repeat that after the third one .
1	male or females applicant accepted .
1	do you think this feeling is love at first sight ?
1	if you were kissing someone else , your heart cheated well before now .
1	i am in total agreement with the answer above .
1	or whatever makes you happy .
1	wow , that was quite an error !
1	this man is not worth your time .
1	if you complete it online you are only receiving a small amount of help .
1	i found that my boyfriend 's long eyelashes are highly attractive .
1	you should just stay away from each other .
1	you are still a virgin until you have actual intercourse .
1	you may just be spoiled and need more discipline .
1	i would worry that they were not sane or may stalk you .
1	women matter too . have her tell you what specifically is bothering her .
1	tessa , you said what i was thinking .
1	in some cases bigger items are better .
1	i tell you i love you when it is true .
1	i recommend you see the movie walk in the cloud .
1	now , do i attempt to fight it ?
1	do n't tell her your feelings , show them !
1	i believe that star wars is an over-rated movie .
1	in all reality i feel that love hurts .
1	hat is important to me is that you act like it does not matter .
1	i agree it is best to wait until you have married .
1	respect others if you want to be respected .
1	if you wish to call then do so .
1	with the words coming from your mouth .
1	i do not know what i will do as well .
1	i know its hard to forget about someone although others will say to .
1	thinking about someone else is considered cheating .
1	what is your name ? i am nancy .
1	it is important to make him feel good about himself .
1	use people- talk openers , such as `` do you know steve ? ''
1	you said i was a loser .
1	talking about cars , cell phones , buddies are all negatives .
1	show how important he thinks everything is .
1	you should tell him that we should not be doing this .
1	i would not go down on a girl with smelly genitals .
1	find a distraction except for substance abuse .
1	yes , unless you are related to them or they have a girlfriend .
1	do not attempt it as he will not be deceived .
1	as clarification of your situation , you did not merely leave and return pregnant ?
1	resign from the situation as you deserve more quality as a woman .
1	it 's my preferred gift , although it costs less than thirty dollars .
1	send me a message , dear . my email is coolnishith2000 @ yahoo.com .
1	god bless you . i will pray for you .
1	it 's in his best interests to be dumped by you .
1	i see no problem with this , but how should i reason with them ?
1	do your homework and get over it !
1	for some people , it feels like falling .
1	love simply flys away when hunger knocks .
1	take him out for pizza or play some sports .
1	are you looking for a woman to date ?
1	i guess to put it just one work , it would be 'kind ' .
1	no , the air is coming out of it too fast .
1	a girl you know can be thought of as attractive .
1	we are not best friends , regardless
1	go to a gym . they are working out and it is coed .
1	i just realized you said how that is good .
1	then no one else will appear in your dream .
1	you need to find a guy who cares about women genuinelly .
1	it works , try it out . it is called my top 5 .
1	i can see the beach everytime i look into my girlfriends eyes .
1	she left me high and dry .
1	are you willing to fight untill the end ?
1	you are not cheating . you are just outsourcing your orgasms .
1	you probably can not do it without offending him .
1	remember , actions speak louder than words .
1	sometimes i like to be alone .
1	it was an improvement in comparison to a man .
1	this year is the first christmas i have had the company of a man .
1	i have the impression he only intends to have a sexual encounter with you .
1	relax ! you can not force someone to love you .
1	i was home alone with my former girlfriend .
1	i believe my father will ultimately see your point of view .
1	when the time is right it will feel like you got hit .
1	my mother asks for a list every year so we get something we want .
1	she will come to you , if you stop looking so hard .
1	it makes you feel as though you do not matter .
1	do you not think we love our parents and grand parents ?
1	you had a very bad nightmare ; just forget about it .
1	that would be fine as long as it is not a daily occurence .
1	playing games makes women appear in a negative light .
1	of course , that 's about the time i started feeling affection for people .
1	if you enjoy empty parking lots , then stick with them .
1	i hope my advice proves useful .
1	i am unaware if he has survived .
1	i understand you have learned to kiss in the french style .
1	i beleive it is safe .
1	invite her to your home and watch a pornographic movie together .
1	just like women , men are individuals .
1	hello , i would like to develop a friendship with you .
1	i am sorry that man was so mean , no woman deserves that .
1	you should try dooney and bourke , they have nice bags in that range .
1	i do not care what others say , someone will lose a trailer .
1	tell the person why it is over .
1	ask yourself , what love is .
1	i would explain to the man or the woman that the realationship is over .
1	i think you need to ask yourself what love is to you .
1	if he is not that sort of person , you should leave the relationshiop .
1	third party applications are not required .
1	are you hurt physically ?
1	how do you get back at an unfaithful person ?
1	actually i think indiana , iowa and illinois do gay marriages .
1	the man and i broke up but hiis friend asked me out afterwards .
1	that alone makes me not want his disgusting rear end .
1	did you get physically hurt ? or did something else happen ?
1	how do you take revenge on a cheater ?
1	the guy and i broke up , his friend asked me out afterwards .
1	that depends on the person with whom you are doing it .
1	of course , a sense of humor helps—as do chocolate and wine .
1	let us not forget that they are young men , so they want sex .
1	things can change any moment for the good .
1	love is what you make of it .
1	you try to forget everything good , and remember everything bad .
1	i do not know , and i have had sex before !
1	total how much you have to work with .
1	if you live in alabama , it is funny .
1	he gets nervous around you and says stupid things .
1	i suppose he is a duck hunter , buy her some waders .
1	be rid of him and do not give it away .
1	you are aware that he is a married man .
1	perhaps it is like you are kissing their ?
1	i am aware that she has been with him as of late .
1	you have got it all wrong !
1	when you feel hurt that means you care for the person .
1	some people like to do it , and some do not .
1	no , i would not .
1	no , unless you want to break the law .
1	some people like it and others do not .
1	he is dead , either way he is gone .
1	no i am one and i would not do so .
1	you should feel accomplished .
1	kaely thinks that you have peculiar interests .
1	yes , i request inappropriate things frequently .
1	it may work again since it worked previously .
1	it is like any other group of people . compatibility is not always easy .
1	my work here is done .
1	then you should get on with your life .
1	just tell it to him directly .
1	sometimes girls like you more when you test them .
1	if you find out that he likes men , you should confront him .
1	sometimes we have to go through many tests before we find the right person .
1	i think that you should keep trying .
1	the woman at home must not be good to him anymore .
1	little hugs and kisses , touching , things like that .
1	why do you need a free girlfriend ?
1	most women want to that they are wanted and sexy .
1	share your thoughts with her directly .
1	is that what you are inquiring about ?
1	i apologize . i thought you were a homosexual .
1	a woman of plain appearance who is thoughtful and charitable .
1	my former partner cheated on me and frequently lied , among other things .
1	you must keep looking .
1	hello , my name is kong . some people call me king .
1	remember , there are plenty more fish in the sea .
1	if you do not mean it , then you should not say it .
1	it appears all has return to normal .
1	is it that you just do n't care for him any longer ?
1	i think that you should talk to him about it .
1	i did once , many years ago .
1	a gift will be a big mistake .
1	you will need to choose between the two .
1	you will never know if you do not ask .
1	if you really love him , you would know size does not matter .
1	do not worry he will come to you .
1	i believe some do and some do not .
1	how do you know he would not do the same to you ?
1	if it does not make you happy why do it ?
1	his physical size should not matter if you really do love him .
1	he will appear soon , do n't worry .
1	you have the same chance of doing something or not doing something .
1	may i ask why you are doing this because you are n't very happy ?
1	i know how to keep my apartment neat , do laundry , etc .
1	think of something that he always bugs you about when you are around .
1	beyond that , it is nobodys business .
1	they always think the grass is greener on the other side .
1	in what ways can you give a guy pleasure ?
1	would you honor me by marrying me ?
1	you are capable of following through with whichever option you choose to take .
1	i suggest that you simply be honest about your incompatibility and leave the relationship .
1	are you referring to emails and similar communications ?
1	in addition , the touching things have really improved .
1	the key is to add some allure ; sex , sex , sex !
1	life never quite turns out the way people envision it to .
1	the love they deserve to have .
1	gentlemen must tell many falsehoods when speaking to ladies .
1	one should only marry their life partner .
1	what is his favorite television series on dvd ?
1	you could try , without getting turned down painfully .
1	what does this have to do with singles and dating ?
1	go and buy her a k & n filter charger for her car .
1	it could be possible that it does n't mean you are a loser .
1	it is always easier to find items when you stop searching .
1	i believe it is ignorant to find people here- we were told not to .
1	nice guys are seen in a brotherly way rather than romantically .
1	be honest , and try your best attempt .
1	the choice is yours what happens next .
1	it would likely bother me if he did not do so .
1	of course you can love a person , even if you are unmarried .
1	so be honest with people and try your luck .
1	seriously , if you do not want her , do not ask her .
1	the rest is up to you .
1	it would probably bother me if he did not .
1	you can love a person even if you are not married .
1	i need to argue that point .
1	hopefully you are not too old , or else there will be an issue .
1	first , you have to work harder .
1	demonstrate that you made an effort to make it special .
1	you should not have any difficulties since they are easy to identify .
1	you simply must wait for her .
1	if you are a starving artist , do not spend 300 dollars .
1	true and honest love always wins .
1	i want a man with confidence !
1	keep looking , you might just find mrs. right .
1	you do not have to be married to say ' i love you . '
1	high school , according to my brother .
1	it means i 'm not interested in you .
1	fight your urges , your friends are worth more than cheap thrills .
1	have you gotten him anything for his birthday ?
1	do not go into great details , especially the mom part .
1	do the `` i do noy want to screw up with you '' line .
1	so many things to do here , if you speak portugese .
1	do not show him that you really like him . it might scare him .
1	have you ever asked a girl on a date ?
1	oh my , i did not realize i could go for so long .
1	it is ok to fall in love with a young , single guy .
1	even if the man is not gay , it is not concidered cheating .
1	shameless flirting never hurt anyone .
1	can you ask him if he is gay ?
1	maybe you have not found the right girl or noticed the right girl ?
1	you can tell him that it is over . that is what i do .
1	mine is doc ; hers is kimber .
1	do nt feel bad . my son is 31 and still single .
1	get out and smell the coffee .
1	they can leave without any problem .
1	this one does not care about you .
1	just tell her or write her a note .
1	is that because i am a giant gorilla and she is a woman ?
1	prepare for an odd and short story .
1	it only matters how you use it and not the size of it .
1	since it is a fact , i can deal with it .
1	personally , you need to pick .
1	just file and be done if there is nothing you disagree about .
1	guys in a nutshell are jerks .
1	if he treats you or the baby badly , then i would say no .
1	i do not see why there is such a fuss over sex before marraige .
1	if you feel hurt all the time then you need to find someone else .
1	trust me , you do not want to mess with her !
1	oh my , where did that come from ?
1	perhaps you do n't know what being lonely means ?
1	anyone that says they love you would never put you in a harmful situation .
1	if you love the woman then marry her .
1	you have it in your id it says cacth me .
1	she may love you in return .
1	if you love the woman then you should marry her .
1	it is possible that she will like you in return for you favors !
1	it seems like one is being hinted towards romance .
1	peace is often achieved as a result of praying .
1	i would prefer if she was not in my wedding .
1	i will know by the care and feeling she shows around me .
1	only foolish men cheat .
1	find out what she really wants and be that if you can .
1	he has no desire to talk to her .
1	it is frustrating but also a blast .
1	do not listen to any of them , they are wrong .
1	this is my 4th post .
1	stop wasting your time and his , just leave already .
1	now i purchase items for him that he will enjoy .
1	we are trying to train you to do anything that we need .
1	you do not need someone there to make it negative .
1	most of the nice women are married .
1	i think that at that age , you are only just beginning to live .
1	most women like with a guy can make her laugh .
1	if you slug that phony in the face , you will probably feel better !
1	something cute and simple , like a teddy bear or even a poem .
1	the majority of gentlemen will accept the situation
1	revenge returns no value . ignore the cad and forget his foolery .
1	he cheated , how do i get rid of it ?
1	she became my wife .
1	girls do that anyway , whether they are conscoius of it or not .
1	wait untill you find the right one that you love .
1	also , you can start a conversation .
1	regardless of the situation , you can step toward him first .
1	when the time is perfect , the perfect man for you will arrive .
1	one more thing : wear short clothing of some kind .
1	it 's a fact , not a mean joke .
1	there 's no harm in letting kids indulge their beliefs .
1	when she continues to flirt with you .
1	come on everyone , we are not picking on you .
1	if you really want to get to know me call me at my number .
1	let the child believe what they believe .
1	as a woman , i would say it is difficult for me .
1	when talk a lot when they speak with each other .
1	can you tell from that itself how she is being true to you ?
1	unless you 're materialistic , that is not a reason to leave your boyfriend .
1	do you know what is the matter with them lately ?
1	it is a significant event , especially with a shy girl .
1	i must have everything including love .
1	a small number of men find too much responsibility very upsetting .
1	it is a feeling in my guts .
1	perhaps you are scaring guys off .
1	i do not know what to do .
1	i see that it is free .
1	give her time to feel at home .
1	you will know if he truly loves you .
1	i 'm really not that masculine looking , more in between masculine and feminine .
1	she does not play . i however do .
1	then , they had sex , and she left him .
1	do you really think he is blowing you off ?
1	i do not know what is wrong with him .
1	some people are attracted to big girls .
1	you can observe the actions of someone you happen to see and like .
1	he is sitting behind me and answering questions right now .
1	magic like that can only exist in fairy tales .
1	i come across women of this variety often .
1	everything considered , it is time to do something different .
1	some women wonder why more men do not remain faithful .
1	if he loves it , then you must respect him .
1	wear something flattering but not too revealing .
1	it is a way of showing love that is unlike any other .
1	pretend that she does not exist .
1	try asking him for a reason .
1	it was a stainless steel set . this is very practical for everyday use .
1	should i be honest and admit i do not want her in it ?
1	you do not . you each need to move on .
1	it seems as if girls pick other girls best friends .
1	what he does is his thing .
1	i can not go back to someone like that now , can i ?
1	he will probably cheat on you again .
1	i do not trust these online companies that search for people .
1	i have been told that i should not look because she will find me .
1	i saw him naked with her .
1	let us kiss and find out what we need to know .
1	when you are looking for love you never find it .
1	i have something private i would like to share with you .
1	if you need additional answers , please be sure to telephone me at 307-351-2765 .
1	would you be comfortable with my hugging your friends when you greet them ?
1	continue and occupy your time better .
1	god reserves the best for last .
1	that girl is my friend in some ways .
1	talk to her lovingly , but do not be pushy .
1	do what your heart tells you to .
1	what if i am not able to have children ?
1	young adults lack the attention to know what they want .
1	should i ask the girl at my school out on a date ?
1	i have not planned many , however , my input is 7000-10000 .
1	pass to him the hints which you prefer .
1	if your love for this gentleman is strong , then the situation is moot .
1	you will understand your feelings when you have matured ,
1	affirmative , the gentleman has entered into an adulterous affair .
1	i am familair with the subject matter on which i am speaking .
1	tell him , then start making a list .
1	no , but i would be-friend them .
1	and that your friends are only friends .
1	i do not like short hair for girls .
1	the hand belonging to you , or your sock ?
1	i do not believe men should ever strike women .
1	why not remain at home and speak ?
1	if you hurt someone like that then you do not love them .
1	it is as if you can not tell your girlfriend/wife about it .
1	there are websites for that with plenty of single women .
1	who knows , he might be doing something nice for you ?
1	for success in life do your school work .
1	some find shy girls attractive when they imitate a blush with red powder .
1	there is not need to get upset .
1	do you plan on meeting ?
1	the words are differentiated by the words note and word .
1	come on , everybody has at least once insane one .
1	it is not that guys do not want to help .
1	let him know what you feel .
1	chance are he will be back .
1	the wallet is not necessary , but preferential .
1	speaking to yourself seems peculiar , but it does assist .
1	bring the children with your spouse .
1	is there anything else ?
1	i am aware that you would not like to pay .
1	am i the only one that can do this ?
1	that is not bad , but pracital .
1	if you are too shy to flirt , do not do it .
1	think of it as a breast trifecta .
1	or , perhaps , it is just a thing to you .
1	women do not want a man that can be easily ran over .
1	i am thick and i have never had a problem .
1	you have a lot of growing to do ; 23 is very young .
1	you can not go wrong with a single rose .
1	did you have intercourse with the man or not ?
1	realize the truth of the matter .
1	in the recent past , i would have responded like you .
1	share this with your girlfriend , and i predict she will agree .
1	would that not mean things like trust , care , and respect for someone ?
1	he is a past romantic partner because he belongs in the past .
1	he may have feelings for you but has reasons for holding back
1	those who do not have missed a great opportunity .
1	it is primarily him .
1	if you are asking that question , then i can not respect you .
1	does anyone know what i should do ?
1	people at school think that i am nerd .
1	until one comes along and they start begging and pleading .
1	tell him that you do not want him to do that any longer .
1	is this the kind of relationship you want from a partner ?
1	no , as long as they have an orgasm , weight does n't matter .
1	you do n't have to move to africa .
1	choose one to pick up and try .
1	raising kids as gay is immoral .
1	good luck with the boyfriend and happy holidays !
1	why not ? he might just be mr. right .
1	why bother in the first place ?
1	i guess the only concolation to that situation is honesty .
1	us women are not so complex creatures .
1	if he says no and you believe him , there you go .
1	how can i forget it in my mind ?
1	why not just ask her adn go from there ?
1	sounds like an excuse , but you can always kick the kids out sometime .
1	she will love a nice , simple gift received from you .
1	if your love is causing emotional pain you must end the relationship .
1	repeat this sentiment : `` we men are insecure . ''
1	you must simply be charming and sweet as girls enjoy these characteristics .
1	he will tell her what you said if they are just friends .
1	if it is his , he will know .
1	what is so funny ; he is only 20 years old .
1	try writing it better .
1	he just wants to use you anytime .
1	i like to think they will understand and protect you .
1	please take the right step and do some deep thinking before making any decision .
1	did you not promice to love , honor , etc ?
1	if you do not mean it , do not say it .
1	tell me how things go .
1	if you have to ask , he probably is .
1	there is nothing wrong with flirting with a guy .
1	i did not like kissing or having sex with men .
1	i am a guy and i really enjoy limerick poems .
1	i pick it up and stare at it .
1	then , even if she has a drink already , hand her another one .
1	never go to a movie on a first date .
1	( that is even more modern thinking . )
1	to identify it would be a completely different task .
1	take your pick from a neighbor 's house to enjoy a holiday with her .
1	most women prefer it to be just them two .
1	do not waste your life over one girl .
1	i would date them both .
1	smile please and think about it .
1	look around , take what you want and have a good time .
1	it is because they think that there is something that they are missing .
1	you do need to love getting older .
1	you deserve someone who will only look at and want you .
1	if not , you should probably talk to a grandparent or close friend .
1	i would like to be your friend .
1	do not give away that you are interested in him .
1	do not give into pressure to do things you would rather not do .
1	do you hang out with your friends ?
1	do the household chores she hates the most !
1	do not let him and he will not .
1	say , `` hey momacta , let me hit that ! ''
1	take what you will from it .
1	you may not realize , but men are just as confusing as women .
1	until then , hang in there .
1	this is just something your mind has made up .
1	dating the sibling of an ex-partner is never a good idea .
1	that would be dependent on whether she likes you too .
1	i would recommend ee cummings . there is plenty of poetry men enjoy .
1	i am not this way , but my husband is .
1	some men are just stupid like that .
1	just spend some time hanging out .
1	accept and be friends with him .
1	yes , do what you want , it is your life .
1	try to accept him and just be friends .
1	do what you want it is your life .
1	it is ok to be afraid but do not let that stop you .
1	it all depends if you love him or not .
1	now think , whether it could happen with your ex or not .
1	feed that person . that should keep them quiet for awhile .
1	that should shut them up .
1	i love sleeping with my wife .
1	it is possible if you have to ask yourself that question .
1	i love him so much i do n't want our relationship to end .
1	there is nothing wrong with having sex after marriage .
1	they had previously had it with someone else .
1	just remember , it does matter .
1	tell me if you found an answer .
1	i think that age is nothing but a number .
1	this is just my opinion .
1	i want to see what keeps her motivated everyday .
1	you are not a terrible person just because you have needs .
1	i wish i was that lucky !
1	you need to set a budget .
1	it is a good thing i like the twilight zone music .
1	he is not worth it .
1	and he will not already have a wife , correct ?
1	unintelligent person , that was an unintelligent question !
1	the best suggestion is to not ask men out on dates .
1	i do not believe that it is a true statement that lesbians hate men .
1	i concur , there 's good and bad ... just familiarize yourself with them .
1	this is a simplified overview of a more detailed whole .
1	if you 're not sure how to operate it , hand it to me .
1	a friend of mine would like to know .
1	i 'm in one at the moment , and i love it .
1	then i became a bit less aggressive .
1	no , that is very attractive . what has been happening , darling ?
1	a person has only one soul mate and true love .
1	there is no one good enough for a truly nice guy .
1	choose pink . feminine girls love pink and butterflies .
1	sue her for libel .
1	i think you got the question wrong .
1	what are you speaking of ?
1	we are not the same even as a few generations back .
1	do not waste tons of time doing so .
1	they are from two different planets .
1	what in the world are you referring to
1	our generation is not alike from the older generation
1	do not lose alot of time completing this
1	maintain proper communication with her and she will no longer be interested in another
1	reason is that they are from two different planets !
1	if i hurt my best friend i would admit and offer an apology .
1	what is playing at the fox theater on new years day 2006 ?
1	i would follow her suggestion and just be friends moving forward .
1	you risk losing both if you do not follow through .
1	you should buy her underwear .
1	that is too bad you do not have an avatar .
1	if he believes you are cheating , break up with him .
1	do not worry , there are people who never cheat .
1	no offense but she does not sound very interesting .
1	there is also this that men do not like unkept women .
1	i hope kaely lykins loves me as i love her .
1	yes i have two girlfriends and we are close .
1	no offense , but she does not sound very interested .
1	there is also this statement : guys do not like bushy privates .
1	i will kaely lykins likes me !
1	yes , because i have two girlfriends and we are very close .
1	if they are single they probably want to stay that way .
1	i do not understand why some girls like those guys at all .
1	( that is how i would describe the sound . )
1	therefore , why should we just love one person ?
1	try to get everyone concerned to care .
1	i can not tell you anything because i do not have a boyfriend .
1	but they were still going out secretly and i did not know .
1	please leave comments as this was my most embarrassing moment .
1	if that does not work , then just ask her about it .
1	there is no price on love .
1	why so quick to end another marriage ?
1	a kiss is something else i would add .
1	after the date is set , you can move on from there .
1	she is a sick woman and shame on her .
1	how do you not know that ?
1	no , he should break up with you for being shallow .
1	she is a disgusting woman , and she should be ashamed of herself .
1	i am very surprised you were not already aware of that .
1	i do not think all mean cheat .
1	i think that you could go to the movies .
1	so explain if you want advice , please . ; )
1	if you would not marry them , do not date them .
1	because it is very easy to say , but difficult to say in words .
1	so there is only the girl who wants things differently .
1	yeah , love can be at first sight .
1	how are you treating and trusting your girlfriend ?
1	you call her , but she does not answer the phone .
1	guess what ? i have lost my incentive to do these things .
1	it is also about playing with gadgets .
1	do not act like a stereotypical floozy .
1	you should determine how much money you will have .
1	if they say no , that is the final answer .
1	who do n't women like short guys over tall ones ?
1	i do not know what to do .
1	it is online dating , not line dating .
1	if a casual friend is asking , they are just making conversation .
1	do not let your relationship go bad .
1	the reason is , i can see myself in them .
1	if they ask , i would say oh , you ! ''
1	she should just leave and not mess around on you .
1	if you like this guy you should go out with him .
1	stop sweating and start laughing , because i can be funny at times .
1	sweet talk and have some drinks with them .
1	i knew i liked women from a young age .
1	do n't try to ruin someone else 's life for you own gain .
1	i would really like some advice .
1	just use sweet talk and get them drunk .
1	i knew i lvoed women at a young age .
1	do not ruin someone 's life for your own gain .
1	i could use some advise .
1	make yourself look good but still dress conservativly .
1	how can emotions create pain ?
1	it is because they watch too much mtv .
1	he should trust you enough that you love only him .
1	can you send me your answers to my email- timitimika @ yahoo.com ?
1	i have found that yahoo personals and the site match.com work well .
1	i am interested in finding full figure women and attractive women with wonderful personalities .
1	sometimes you can love one person and love another equally .
1	she obviously does not care if you get sick or not .
1	just because she asked for the moon does not mean she will get it .
1	when i was first married , i was almost 31 .
1	being a virgin is not as bad as many people think it is .
1	to be cheap linens and things have great gifts !
1	i call this a dumb ass ! !
1	once a cheater always a cheater
1	when she is home she doesnt really hang out with family
1	it is in the blood it will happen
1	remain vigilant if you find it hard to distance yourself from someone .
1	oh , dear ! you kiss in the same way as your mother .
1	no , i think you just need a new beau .
1	i believe in lust and yearning at first sight .
1	what is there to not like about him ?
1	if you two hang out after that , it means he likes you .
1	internet , street corners , house of ill repute , high school/college , mall .
1	go to a sports bar during any major event .
1	never give appearances of being nice just to try and win her affections again .
1	not only is it all right , it is also recommended .
1	of course . if you are in a relationship , why should n't you ?
1	they are simply toys . you can play with them on your own .
1	that is what it is like to be in love .
1	it depends on what the kiss is like .
1	do not give up hope , she will be there .
1	who cares about what they are doing ?
1	maybe , do you own a toothbrush ?
1	it seems that online , you all have good chemistry .
1	west coast swing is my favorite .
1	there are some mind games centering around pipe dreams .
1	if you have any advice for improvement , please inform me .
1	would that not also mean some men are promiscuous ?
1	it feels like he is flirting .
1	please help me tell my mom that i want to go out with him .
1	open your eyes and you see a beautiful world is out there for you .
1	get over her . sorry , but you can not make someone love you .
1	it had to have dropped by at least 50 points .
1	you should take a trip to australia .
1	i think your name says it all .
1	please give me credit for trying . i did my best .
1	i know someone who enjoys making other people cry .
1	sometimes you have to be a jerk in life to get what you want .
1	it came with a price , my broken heart !
1	i used to be that way because i did not trust my partner .
1	sit down and have a nice heart to heart .
1	what do women really want in a man ?
1	if that seems too impersonal , then ask .
1	there are many men out there who are wonderful .
1	you should have your family help you and look for you .
1	you only live once , having regrets and being upset is time lost .
1	i prefer big beautiful women over skinny girls .
1	it is how you use it and not how big it is .
1	eventually , your dad will get over it .
1	tell him that he is a disgrace to men .
1	mend do that all the time , my friend .
1	other men do not look good no matter what they do to their hair .
1	i am guessing you do not wish to be too wild .
1	that is just my ideas .
1	men do it all the time , girl .
1	but i assume you mean that you do not want to get too wild .
1	but that is just my two cents !
1	how do you really know when you love someone ?
1	if you know the girl you could ask any questions you like .
1	nothing is wrong with shaving , but the snake thing has to hurt !
1	also , sex is not always penetration .
1	doing it sideways is also good because the penis really gets in there .
1	anywhere , you do not have to specify that you are a xtian .
1	just have to love all those walking contradictions out there .
1	we are best friends and love every minute that we spend together .
1	you deserve better , do you not think so ?
1	it is all about who you fall in love with .
1	you can let him talk to you when you are in the mood .
1	just be best friends with her father .
1	tell your new girls about her before anything goes beyond a first date .
1	would he not get mad at you ?
1	how rude . buy him cheap socks and underwear .
1	nothing , he was there before you and he will be there after you .
1	i have never in my life felt the way i do now .
1	make you stronger , or destroy you ?
1	go on , you know that you want to .
1	plus , he may be doing the blushing .
1	then , you can go for it .
1	they say it , but they do n't mean it .
1	what kind of sick lover do you have ?
1	moreover , she will not discontinue her advances toward me .
1	if you are not sincere in your actions we will be able to tell .
1	if you love him you will learn to deal with him .
1	what might work is calling her to talk about your day .
1	that means it is very important for you to be comfortable with yourself .
1	no , i think that love died with the souls of the meek .
1	saying you made a mistake is not an excuse .
1	just approach them , because we are nice when you treat us correctly !
1	ignorance is bliss if you really want to be happy .
1	if you like her then , yes .
1	that would be dependent on the two of you .
1	p.s . i am a single , normal looking guy .
1	while it is not disgusting , it is very messy .
1	it depends on both of you !
1	p.s. , i 'm a single , normal looking guy .
1	it 's not nasty , but it can be messy !
1	this is without a doubt the most ridiculous thing i 've ever posted .
1	you may also want to get to know him on a personal level .
1	just smile , and do not do anything you will regret .
1	i do like her a lot , so what should i do ?
1	tell him that you like him .
1	ignore people who only want to have sex with you .
1	because that is what it is .
1	i 've been with someone for almost a year now .
1	because , the left hand goes to your heart .
1	love always hurts , and it never makes itself easy to understand !
1	because , many guys do n't have feelings to cover up ?
1	get one good looking one , and you 'll be rolling in phone numbers .
1	because they have figured out how easy we are .
1	i do not do much making eye contact or simply flirting .
1	no , what if she finds out that you are cheating ?
1	guys try to be like their fathers .
1	because a real man does not need sex ; he need a friend .
1	they never will until they lose you .
1	you can always try again once you decide he is done with his games .
1	tell her you already have a girlfriend .
1	there is not anything we do for fun .
1	i guess you have your answer .
1	i agree , he is too old for you .
1	it sounds like you are thinking with your libido .
1	if that is difficult , go and return to him later .
1	begin with , `` how was your day at work ? ''
1	if you do not like it , wear it in your right hand .
1	do not forget the bedroom . keep the work up in there !
1	as for the answer , who cares !
1	no arguments or ego clash , please !
1	aishwarya rai is the most beautiful and penelope cruz is the sexiest .
1	this pain is so much that i just ca n't take it anymore .
1	it scared my first new friend when mine tried to kill him .
1	everywhere i go , girls are approach me .
1	i would report her wrong doing .
1	walk directly to them and ask , `` may i help you ? `` .
1	in canada , there 's a magazine named match .
1	not love , lust at first sight .
1	good luck finding your answer .
1	he might not be interested in you .
1	it is because it is the closest to the heart .
1	sometimes men act differently for no reason .
1	is it necessary when you hear the tunes of pleasure ?
1	a full wallet and a large penis . good luck .
1	if i share with someone , i can give up that object .
1	it will depend on what two parties are in search of .
1	look for somebody who suits you well .
1	then he will play until he goes to bed .
1	how can i add people i meet in yahoo to my yahoo buddy list ?
1	i have large breast and have seen the upside .
1	it 's not wrong , as long as you both love each other .
1	you have to truly care about them .
1	nope , it is not wrong so long as you both love each other .
1	and , if you do n't write emails , you better write emails .
1	you have to actually care about them .
1	however , it does not mean at first glance you will fall in love .
1	stay alert and be careful in life .
1	do n't forget to clean , floss , and brush your teeth daily .
1	you did not , you let her find you .
1	who said you can love only one person ?
1	a special girl who is your friend is a girlfriend .
1	because , no one wants to hear the word `` no '' .
1	no , no stay where you are .
1	whether it is for sex or love .
1	you 're into one another , so then why not ?
1	you should tell on her .
1	as long as females are of legal age , males are never too old .
1	maybe your calling is to become a groupie for a biker gang .
1	if he wo n't . they do n't bother yourself .
1	do not believe what they say .
1	women do have a mind of their own .
1	please send me a picture if you are a female .
1	normally the sequel is not as good as the original .
1	they take care of me .
1	i and my boyfriend have already been there three times .
1	men can get away with it . that is the answer .
1	a person who cheats once will always be unfaithful .
1	it is a crazy rumor regarding a basketball game and a class assignment .
1	do females care as much about age as much as males do ?
1	i like to eat , sleep , watch football , and chat with friends .
1	if you do that , all respect will most likely be lost .
1	i hope you two are at least friends .
1	he is a sick pervert and she is naive .
1	please wash your genitals , there is a chance they do not smell good .
1	take some time to understand his point of view before making a decision .
1	what am i able to do and what should i do ?
1	it sounds as if you could use some company .
1	where do you live and what is your age ?
1	i 'm not sure . truthfully , i lost mine when i was ten .
1	it seems to me that you are extremely lonely .
1	how old are you ? where do you live ?
1	if you love her , she 'll love you back .
1	i 've been more busy at work lately , and i 'm enjoying life .
1	when she stated that you have changed , what did she mean ?
1	if you go to yahoo personals , it will tell you .
1	why would she want to be with someone so boring ?
1	i am not sure , but it is illegal so yes .
1	if he is actually nice then he would let me finish first .
1	white with the bow already on top would cost approximately 10 to 15 dollars .
1	and that is the truth . i am not joking .
1	that is too manly , but only because some men try to conform .
1	but it sounds like it is better to move forward .
1	14 or 15 or above is best .
1	i 'm just wondering if he falls for it .
1	the attractive man is quite rude when he is into you .
1	where should i go to get to know him .
1	do you have any suggestions on gifts that might be suitable for her ?
1	i happen to be working on the same problem .
1	what should i discuss with them - the weather ?
1	that , and getting on with your life ...
1	somehow , though , they always end up thinking you really like them .
1	while that is important , so is getting on with your life .
1	mine often did this without my knowledge , it caused much conflict .
1	it always ends the same , with them believing you really like them .
1	two wrongs do not make a right !
1	maybe he is a realy nice guy but just wants to take it slow .
1	if it 's less than five , if might not be that bad .
1	i do n't know . try classmates.com or goole their name .
1	do nothing sexual and see if he goes for it .
1	just say , `` hi , your look familiar '' .
1	if she is simple then make it simple , it is about her .
1	go on yahoo chat , or go out to skate parks or similar things .
1	you do not have to do anything if you do not want to .
1	i would leave it alone after that .
1	maybe she likes seeing you angry .
1	then you have a bit of a problem .
1	perhaps it is because they are not worn on the right side .
1	type `` find people '' on yahoo search .
1	i do not understand why you ask such a question .
1	of course , that is what marriage is supposed to be .
1	i have windows xp , and my previous computer had windows 98 .
1	yes , a boyfriend is a boyfriend !
1	my boyfriend got really angry when i broke up with him the second time .
1	you will know right away if this is going to click .
1	staring at how big of humps there are in guys ' pants .
1	explain to him that you do n't want a two-timer as a boyfriend .
1	using you as a rebound , but not even getting there .
1	maybe try to see what kind of guys she is into .
1	perhaps it could help finding out the type of man she is interested in .
1	what did you do before you were married ?
1	maybe he is doing it purposefully to make you jealous .
1	unfortunately aside from continuing as you are the situation is out of your control .
1	two inches is not sufficient to complete the job .
1	i hope your questions have been rectified by the information you have been given .
1	girls can better relate to them since they mature faster .
1	but only if you become his new mom .
1	they just want to score .
1	hey girl , be quiet you idiot . why do you think !
1	girls mature faster than boys and can often relate better .
1	that is only possible if you become his girlfriend .
1	they are only out to hide the facts .
1	i would appreciate it if you stopped giving us your input .
1	what do you mean by base ? what big relationship are you referring to ?
1	is she the right one or a bad one ?
1	if that is so , look in the phone book .
1	nothing matters for me but whether a person is good-natured .
1	i have confronted her and informed the teachers but she will not stop .
1	i suggest that you simply tell him about your feelings .
1	see if he enjoys it or not .
1	he is the person who is always supportive of you no matter what .
1	we do this in order that you will give it to us more .
1	i would probably date you as long as you are not married .
1	i lost mine at age 12 and it is a little young .
1	i am very knowledgeable about this .
1	i can not make this formal , it is inherently sexual in every way .
1	i know that a lot of men are attracted to lesbian relationships .
1	i believe this was a mistake for her .
1	is that who he is ?
1	if you do n't feel the same , you do n't .
1	valentino 's pizza is at 975 north aviation boulevard .
1	i believe that appearances do matter , so get used to it .
1	will it not make you nervous to make such an important decision .
1	i want you to continue licking .
1	i feel badly because this is a terrible movie .
1	may i be your boyfriend ?
1	you should have to tell her !
1	is looking him up on the internet too much ?
1	make conversation and do not ask simply yes or no questions . good luck !
1	the consequences are not worth it .
1	you need to experience this ; otherwise , you will be disappointed .
1	are you asking if i believe in fate ?
1	it is good that you look around you .
1	do n't you know it does matter because it can not be too small .
1	you should find an activity that you can both enjoy .
1	it may seem like silly advice , but this is what worked for me .
1	this is not something that only happens to me .
1	i assume they were just masturbating , what are their ages ?
1	my guess would be that they man would get double the pleasure .
1	this may be unusual but it was successful for me .
1	this is not something that only pertains to men .
1	( i imagine they were pleasuring themselves ) what were their ages ?
1	it is likely because the man would get more appreciation .
1	but you must remember that you are stealing his bachelor party from him .
1	then just listen to what she says and build off of that .
1	why not try to spice things up ?
1	if i were in your shoes , i would move out .
1	so you 're very rude for not making her feel loved .
1	what about the city of troy ?
1	you should try to spice it up with him .
1	if i were you , i would move out .
1	for not making her feel loved , you are an a-hole .
1	how about with the city of troy ?
1	just after it , and that is it .
1	you had best try as hard as you can .
1	try something new , and it that does not work , cheat on him .
1	we will be getting married next year !
1	it is the same thing with my friend and me .
1	if you love him , he will reciprocate your love .
1	you should try and form a relationship with her .
1	i just read this book , and i think you should as well .
1	hello , i was wondering if you would go on a date with me .
1	if you love him , he will reciprocate that feeling .
1	it is not only important that you try and date her .
1	i highly recommend this book to everyone .
1	do you think you would be interested in spending the evening with me ?
1	depends on if it is jail bait .
1	since when is it okay for anyone to cheat ?
1	there are too many material objects out there to buy .
1	how can i help her to really have a good time during sex .
1	it is acceptable if you do love them .
1	i would like a good girl ; you would like a good guy .
1	if you decide to give cash i suggest giving $ 75 or $ 100 .
1	only during the first meeting , then step by step you can increase .
1	nice guys are n't always the best looking nor are they gay !
1	i 'm positive when a girl likes you she will show you a sign .
1	so what exactly is ghetto to you ?
1	i am not quite sure , but anyway , it is .
1	no , you just need a girlfriend .
1	so , i would advise you to stick with those that write to you .
1	you need a girls help , and i am one .
1	do not worry about it first off .
1	right , he needs a friend not a lover .
1	well , get her something you know she will like .
1	you should tell him you know what is going on and to come clean .
1	it means that he does not want to be around you .
1	if he likes you , then he will work with your circumstances .
1	you will find that is was worth waiting for .
1	i do not know where else to go except the movies !
1	it is `` the queen of the damned '' soundtrack .
1	what in the world do you mean by that ?
1	stop right away if she is in a relationship .
1	they ask you how much money you have and other things like that .
1	he had seen a surround sound system yesterday that cost around one hundred dollars .
1	i concur that starting the conversation with a friendly hello is a good step .
1	you will experience feelings on a day by day basis .
1	perhaps she wants to have sex with you but possibly not .
1	the same event happens to me .
1	if she mentions that then you should inquire about what happened .
1	all you have to do is go up and ask her .
1	a guy cheats on a girl to see what another girl has to offer .
1	tell her to leave you .
1	i suggest you try to meet some new friends .
1	after you have given birth you will love the expeience .
1	make sure to purchase some condoms before going any further .
1	it may not work out between you two .
1	it 's alright if he makes you happy .
1	he got in trouble following behind his friend .
1	odds point in favor of him ending the relationship again .
1	i find myself in the same scenario
1	please contact me at hussienothman @ hotmail.com .
1	she needed some time to relax and be with friends .
1	do not proceed unless you are interested .
1	be yourself and tell the truth .
1	you should find satisfaction on your own , then try to think about her .
1	if it is the truth , then you should reveal it !
1	letting him go will help both of you .
1	depending on the guy , you could whisper in his ear .
1	request that he use his credit cards .
1	the more you look , the less mistakes you will make .
1	do not change who you are for her .
1	if she likes you , then it is just fine .
1	approach him or her like a friend you already know .
1	they are probably thinking of porn stars , anyway .
1	approach her and cravenly beg her to like you because you like her .
1	sometimes , love is just a funny thing .
1	you have a good sense of humor and are attractive , am i correct ?
1	please clarify why it is harder !
1	if she says no , let that be the end of it .
1	you just need to find them .
1	just keep on looking until something clicks .
1	well , i say to just ignore them and do what you want to .
1	you will find out afterwards ; happy hunting !
1	i do not know if i am a virgin .
1	i do not want someone who may kill over the next day .
1	be careful on the relationships you might be asked to join in prison .
1	she is too respectable for that .
1	he comes up with an excuse .
1	most likely because they 're selfish , ignorant , or need relief .
1	trust me when i say women enjoy better soft , gentle sex .
1	first , ask your mind , then listen to your heart .
1	it 's similar to the love of your parents , but slightly different .
1	there are several fish in the ocean .
1	does he want me back , or dos he really dislike me that much ?
1	what kind person would use you like that and consider themselves your best friend ?
1	by the way , myspace.com is a free one .
1	you can not love a person whom you do n't know .
1	is there anything i can say to her that might undo her brainwashing ?
1	wait about five years before marrying again .
1	if things go well , you will know .
1	he can get into quite serious trouble .
1	in fact , three hours would not be enough time for me .
1	ll , with his lips , is quite a man .
1	if you love the person , you must really work past it .
1	i would love you forever if you were on television or in the movies .
1	men who love their wives do not cheat .
1	it sounds to me like you have a little situation here .
1	if you want the abridged version ...
1	despite what others may say , two parents are better than one .
1	if it is not meant to be , let it go .
1	get out on a date , enjoy your life , and have some fun !
1	buy a strap on , which is n't as good , but oh well .
1	no , cheating is cheating and rape is rape .
1	i am searching or the answer myself .
1	it is no trouble , you 'll have the results soon .
1	i have strong feelings for a woman at church .
1	i am unsure of what my next step should be .
1	if you have to ask for the information , it is probably not real .
1	the first step would be to be kind to her .
1	do not bother them , just wait to find out .
1	i like a girl at church .
1	what should i do now ?
1	it is a game if you have to ask .
1	to start with , you can be nice to her .
1	ask him what he is interested in .
1	what is she doing ?
1	she may be speechless but she will say yes .
1	i told him to please keep my secret .
1	i 'm sorry ; however , age will always be an issue .
1	that seems like a bad situation .
1	he can not care much if he is cheating .
1	let us keep a secret a secret .
1	girls are attracted to rough men with plenty of testosterone .
1	anywhere between the time of 5 to 45 minutes .
1	it is better to keep the secret than to tell
1	women are often attracted to rugged men who show they are manly men .
1	it could last anywhere between five and forty five minutes .
1	guys always wonder what is wrong with some women .
1	she is married and has a child !
1	so , why do you guys think this happens ?
1	or , the age difference , although that is n't really that much .
1	i do n't know . we will find it some kind of way .
1	i need revenge or something . any ideas ?
1	but , some have messed up teeth .
1	how about the question , `` are you a virgin ? ''
1	my husband is rude to me too .
1	additionally , will you marry me ?
1	if it were just us men , i would not think of mentioning it .
1	if you do n't love , then you do n't have friends .
1	be yourself , if you 're funny , then make a girl smile .
1	talk to him first . do n't wait .
1	to me , age is just a number .
1	you need to move on with your life .
1	next time you see him , go up and speak with him .
1	attempt to do something extra special for him at christmas .
1	remember , the worst she could state is no .
1	of course it depends on what kind of girl she is .
1	to find out more , visit chat.yahoo.com .
1	and , you have someone by your side all the time .
1	is there a baby already pending ?
1	money and intelligence with one . you could get the other .
1	my wife was my best friend , so i 'm scared of games .
1	do not put your life on hold .
1	i went to my gynecologist and everything came out okay .
1	well yes . you should love them .
1	do anything except make him have sex with you .
1	there is one other thing that popped into my head .
1	they want what your lady friend has ; you .
1	nothing , it is not your place to tell him .
1	then come up with some positive answers instead .
1	no , you idiot , an education is better than a boy !
1	a friend that is a girl , is a girlfriend .
1	if you and your mate are comfortable , then it does not matter .
1	what is his favorite sports team ?
1	take time to go out and congregate with others .
1	you should look for someone who loves you too .
1	if he is spending his free weekend time with you .
1	it is caused by the way they often think with the improper head .
1	it is always possible for me , that is why viagra exists .
1	why do n't you try someone who loves you , too ?
1	before someone else can love you , you must learn to love yourself .
1	that is because they are thinking with their penis .
1	that is because women think with their brain and men think with their penis .
1	now , that is just common sense .
1	but i just can not help it .
1	move forward , and find somebody else .
1	let him know you find him sexually attractive and tell him you like him .
1	i love women with an accent .
1	please answer my question because i really need to know .
1	call me back and let me know .
1	it 's probably a genetic characteristic of their family .
1	note : i would not recommend the cheaper versions , as they are unreliable .
1	that is the first thing he does when he arrives at home .
1	i am certain that the other person feels the same way .
1	then you say , `` honey , did you see the ice ? ''
1	i can currently recall why i seriously dislike you .
1	you could possibly find someone to date on myspace or tagworld .
1	even a telephone call does not provide assurance that they are real .
1	while i know some people may disagree , i state my opinions .
1	perhaps you should spend some time apart .
1	as when we begin to speak all baby like .
1	when women state no , that means no !
1	it 's better to attempt to impress her friend .
1	it depends upon how much of the color you plan to wear .
1	he practices between 20-30 hours a week .
1	i suggest you also inquire about whey you did not love her previously .
1	i am just telling you the realistic position .
1	to make her feel bad about what she did .
1	break up with this man and never go back to him .
1	if a woman told you that , usually she means no .
1	that is what i look for in women .
1	he is my significant other , and that is all i need .
1	that is the red light district , so make sure to bring some condoms .
1	or it may be easier if you can actually see the person .
1	keep that as a desire or a fantasy .
1	however , is it really true love ?
1	the people on here seem incredibly illiterate .
1	we are going through some of the same things .
1	trust me if you are . what is up ? the chickens will come .
1	flirt with him so he gets the idea .
1	if you just want a girlfriend or sex , then move on .
1	i think 16 is a good age to start .
1	it depends on how he physically he feels in his mind .
1	does he really ever make you happy ?
1	so , yes , i believe they can last !
1	try to avoid gaining weight .
1	can you afford the tax for the cd ?
1	what is the estimated price ?
1	if you wanted your freedom , why did you get married ?
1	also , try not to be fat .
1	a cd ; come on . you can scrape up tax , right ?
1	some girls marry and love boys that are 10 years older than themselves .
1	approximately what am i looking at here in price ?
1	if you want freedom , why did you get married ?
1	sadomasochism is to be attempted with only somebody you trust .
1	i believe she 'll date you .
1	respect each other , this applies to both sexes .
1	i really do not care what other people think .
1	ladies with average looks but a good figure are the best .
1	say , `` you look nice , '' and see where the conversation leads .
1	if the gentleman admires you , then you shall not be worried .
1	are you searching for a male companion ?
1	you do not require a young man to be content .
1	what shall i do since i have read an enormous amount ?
1	this includes toby mcguire , george clooney , and even bill murray .
1	it depends on the individual .
1	should i give him a small hug ?
1	depending on the couple , it can range from 45 seconds to hours .
1	hey , your husband and i can both see you .
1	yes , if your sone is 21 .
1	if someone looks like a slob , they are a slob .
1	hi , i personally go for the guys that flirt and are not shy .
1	hello , neither your husband nor i ca n't see you .
1	yes , if your son is at least 21 years of age .
1	hi , i personally go for the guys that are more forward !
1	if you do not have trust , then you do not have her .
1	because they do not mean what they say . he had a rotten soul .
1	it is very important to peak her curiosity .
1	i believe that both of these situations are mutually exclusive .
1	if so , then tell him that fair is fair .
1	i like women to be sexually adventurous , but not unkempt .
1	i suggest that you wait at home so as not to risk losing anything .
1	this is something that i would tell my younger sister .
1	these signs point to him not being ready to commit to a real relationship .
1	i prefer women who are a little wild , but still clean .
1	i would advise you wait at home so that you are safer .
1	this is the advice i would give to a younger sibling .
1	i do not know , are you ever rude to him ?
1	then , take a public speaking course .
1	but not how they die or at the hands of who .
1	you might just like both . that is fine .
1	stay busy , and importantly , love yourself .
1	how does dinner and a movie sound to you ?
1	and i have better options than that one .
1	my advice would be to be yourself and figure out what suits your preferences .
1	it goes without saying that they should be married first .
1	that 's all there is to it ; your mail has now been returned .
1	if the answer is no , then you did n't need him anyway .
1	i do agree with the other guy that pictures do help .
1	she called to say she misses you ?
1	masturbation is a form of sex with someone that i love .
1	hello . please wear less clothing .
1	she is as stupid as other girls .
1	it is not worth the risk of getting an std , aids or pregnant .
1	they are the same age but they are not close .
1	hello , again . please wear less clothing .
1	as with other girls , she is stupid .
1	even though they are the same age , they are not that close .
1	please get her address , if you can .
1	yahoo is definitely great ; it is not expensive and it works well .
1	other men would tell the truth about those kinds of matters .
1	your standards are important ! you deserve to wait for someone you really love .
1	switch it up by trying new activities .
1	make your move when you have an answer to that question .
1	this will really cause you to appeal to her .
1	however , do n't give it away .
1	do not lead him on , because that will only make matters worse .
1	am i crazy because i have strong feelings for him ?
1	wear many layers of clothes and then ask him to help you undress .
1	i chatted with you on yahoo instant messenger .
1	you definitely have some issues with men .
1	i am hoping it is not due to the friends i associate with .
1	i say you must have left him for a reason .
1	do n't be fooled ! if he cheats once , he will cheat again !
1	eighteen year olds who date younger girls usually want sex .
1	bring your boyfriend to a cheap motel .
1	they are mature for their age , since they took responsibility .
1	i want to have a boyfriend so badly !
1	your madre . you ca n't come back from that .
1	maybe he thinks you want nothing to do with him .
1	if it 's a guy resembles you , good for you .
1	could i be faking that i know anything about faking ?
1	it 's best that you not concern yourself with things like that .
1	how should i proceed to find someone ?
1	it was terrible that he was saying such mean and hateful things .
1	i am not sure why ; it just happens .
1	i have been dating this man since may .
1	get another girl to give you a lot of affection in front of her .
1	you asked , so try the high school .
1	nothing , we would just like to know things .
1	just do no let him push you around .
1	do not allow her to get away with this behavior .
1	feel free to go out with her if that is your desire .
1	i am 21 years old and i am the most mature person i know .
1	if you are in an affair , you will know .
1	are you a homosexual ?
1	four years ago , i saw a girl and fell in love with her .
1	do you like boys a lot if you are a boy ?
1	both of them will finger you at last .
1	do not hesitate to speak with her if you are interested .
1	your problem is difficult and i am not certain how i should respond .
1	remember to treat them properly .
1	it is difficult to determine if you are in possession of this .
1	my motives for infidelity were selfish .
1	she 'll come back , have faith .
1	try keeping her safe .
1	as a man , i know how to fake it .
1	unlike what women think , guys are not skilled in hints .
1	i love god and god 's people .
1	i soon became lonely , it 's terrible .
1	i met my boyfriend online , he lived approximately five hours away from myself .
1	meet him , see if you 'll be disappointed .
1	it 's not as complicated as other countries assume .
1	but you can lay in bed and think about her .
1	there are things that men fantasize about , and then there is reality .
1	you should just talk about other guys the way he talks about girls .
1	trust me , you will have plenty of time for all of that stuff .
1	why do you want to date someone who may possibly cheat on you ?
1	do i make a secret public ?
1	i live in santa monica , california .
1	if you are talking about guys , you have n't found the right one .
1	try going to the local church .
1	you should stay true to your current boyfriend .
1	it would be great to see what is attractive to these women .
1	nobody forgets their first love . i know that i have n't .
1	you need to punch him in the face .
1	most likely because they do n't want a relationship .
1	i feel normal and believe that it 's okay that i am gay .
1	i hate them and wish they had all perished .
1	i recommend that you never regret anything that you do .
1	she also thinks she is being attractive .
1	it is as myralys said , `` you just know . ''
1	i always appear busy , even when i am not .
1	if he is a womanizer i would pass .
1	he may say he just wants to be entertained .
1	life is too short to waste .
1	do not be afraid to leave .
1	are you certain that other men are your ultimate goals ?
1	you only get to enjoy youth one time in your life .
1	that also reflects how they feel about you .
1	is it really other men that you want ?
1	a nice , loving guy , that loves you for who you are .
1	you are only a kid once in your life .
1	you should kiss your guy when you think it is the right time .
1	and , that is the way they feel about you too .
1	of course you may ask him out first .
1	which do you think is worse ?
1	in addition , the first one is going to be the fastest .
1	you will have great sex .
1	if a person lies once , they will probably lie again .
1	either that , or , wait for some girl to ask you out .
1	tell her exactly what you posted up there .
1	or , do i sound too pathetic ?
1	because , sometimes it just feels good to let out emotions .
1	jump off a bridge in front of her . just kidding .
1	once in friendland , you are n't getting out .
1	i am happy being me , and you should be happy too .
1	it must have been pretty bad .
1	she is very set on following through .
1	it is all variable due to your taste in women .
1	tell her your true feelings , it may shock her but will work .
1	especially the nice ones who do not care about features ?
1	if she is not willing , then leave her be .
1	it depends on what kind of women you want .
1	tell her what you feel , surprise her , then leave .
1	yes , i have big legs and big thighs .
1	if you go to 7/11 you do not have to inquire about it .
1	with a name like mr. big dick , the price should not matter .
1	how many people have you had relationships with ?
1	i hope this helps one way or another .
1	he claims he is not frugal .
1	do not cheat because you will just ruin a good thing
1	always be polite because most women do not like vulgarity .
1	i want to wear a nice outfit that looks great but not sexy .
1	it will make both of your lives a horror .
1	run as fast as you can , kid .
1	no married man can justify having a mistress .
1	it all depends on your meaning of an `` online relationship '' .
1	just joking , but those colors are very splashy .
1	it is just going to make both of your lives miserable .
1	run like hell is after you , younging .
1	it depends on what you mean by online relationship .
1	to overtly seek revenge is not advised , as it puts you in jeopardy .
1	nobody is too good to be true .
1	try to play with him .
1	believe in your dreams , then follow your heart .
1	i feel awful because it 's bothering me .
1	if that does n't convince him , he 's not worthy of you .
1	no matter what , you 're stuck .
1	it 's hard to describe a moment of love .
1	i am estimating on the last part .
1	it is possible , good luck to you !
1	just a guess for that last part .
1	good luck , it can be accomplished !
1	i have to tell you , you sound like a fun date !
1	just as i said , my `` ex . ''
1	do n't go overboard trying to be her friend .
1	certainly not . instead , how about meeting him after school ?
1	either get a new boyfriend or wear high heels around him .
1	only if you let it go past flirting .
1	that does not make it right , though .
1	hormones are making you feel this way .
1	enjoy being young while you can !
1	you must be unattractive .
1	on the positive side , i felt it was a good learning experience .
1	if you are arrogant , we will be made aware of that as well .
1	you should allow him sufficient time for the projects he is working on .
1	i 'm also questioning whether it is appropriate for me to have sex .
1	we talk every night , something i can not deny .
1	if so , then she is doing all right .
1	therefore i have no idea what to buy for him .
1	this is rude and also disturbing .
1	there no turning back , but of course you have do it .
1	it would be best to be kind and compliment her .
1	you 're still dating this crude individual ?
1	and , i am dating another man .
1	shop at walmart on a sunday .
1	he should appreciate socks and underwear , but hardly anyone does .
1	he is telling people lies about me .
1	yes , if girls do what they say .
1	i recently broke-up with someone and he is not taking it well .
1	possibly , because it is aligned with your heart .
1	if you are both committing infidelity , then it is not worth it .
1	if a man truly loves his wife , then he will not commit infidelity .
1	wait , but not for too long .
1	it is most likely around $ 70 per person now .
1	if she goes to starbucks , chances are she is too old for you .
1	if looks are not forever , then what do you have ?
1	most likely , she will get the hint that you like her .
1	excuse me , you could pretend you were giving out surveys .
1	i think it is nice to have someone perky .
1	well , if you can get it corrected , complete it .
1	simply train yourself to want the woman you can attain .
1	i suppose that means he does not know .
1	but , it was the first thing i noticed when we met .
1	walk up , and whip it out ?
1	the girl 's and his maturity level .
1	it stood out when we first saw each other .
1	keep it to yourself .
1	both of them are on the same level of maturity .
1	things are going very well for me .
1	is it only because he is a nice guy ?
1	if he does n't want to use a condom , use one on yourself .
1	you only think that they are nice .
1	it is not a secret . have n't you heard that opposites attract ?
1	at that age , the boys are eager to have sex anyway .
1	if that does not work , then you need to intoxicate them with alcohol .
1	my husband believes that i am .
1	someone can be a transvestite either by default or by cross dressing .
1	there are good people out there .
1	are you comparing your stats with the `` average ? ''
1	but , that 's the key . you have to get one first .
1	kissing , touching , and fondling is cheating too .
1	just make sure you do n't do it when she is with her friends .
1	are you comparing your statistics with the 'average ' ?
1	but that 's the key -- you have to get one first .
1	kissing , touching , and fondling also counts as cheating .
1	just make sure you do not do it while she is with her friends .
1	i have a weakness for goth girls .
1	is there really ? because i never felt it .
1	let us hope that you meet the person who loves you soon .
1	if you send a copy to her parents it will be better for you .
1	we need more men with big lips in the world .
1	make men use their brains more and it will get them nervous .
1	nothing , because she is not in a relationship with you anymore .
1	you should view tony robbins ' new dvd on relationships .
1	it is acceptable to be homosexual .
1	it does n't indicate he does n't like you , unless he specifies it .
1	you should share your feelings with her .
1	it would serve you well to disregard her and to move forward .
1	it would benefit you to allow some time to pass .
1	i often think about the past .
1	it is best to be expressive with your eyes , gestures , and smile .
1	tell him his actions toward your girlfriend need to stop immediately .
1	the reason is , you have to be able to connect with each other .
1	basically , you need to grow up and be an adult .
1	that dress is becoming on you .
1	he wants me to find the girl .
1	be honest , and then leave .
1	please use condoms , sexually transmitted diseases are very real .
1	stop bathing and using deodorant .
1	please assist me in separating my identity from situations such as these circumstances .
1	it is certain to be a husband and wife .
1	be certain that it is not against the law .
1	those individuals are responsible for improving the reasoning behind continuing with life .
1	the best way to approach a woman is to be yourself .
1	if you do n't actually do it does that make you violent ?
1	if you are on the floor then you are a mat , correct ?
1	the best way to approach a woman is to be yourself .
1	but , you do n't actually do it . does that make you violent ?
1	if you are on the floor , then you are a mat , huh ?
1	that really is the most important question .
1	i believe that women find shy men attractive .
1	when kissing her , do not stick your tongue in her mouth .
1	the answer is no unless they are truly in love with each other .
1	honestly , girls like honest guys .
1	kiss her on the cheek .
1	it 's ok to get married if you are really in love .
1	it is his lack of self-confidence .
1	it 's true that there is a very fine love between love and hate .
1	if that approach does n't work , contact me .
1	the decision is up to both of you .
1	ask her what she likes and then surprise her with a gift .
1	he will do it again , as cads always do .
1	i hope i have not upset you , but i just can not lie .
1	does anyone know how to do this ?
1	( they are both madly in love with each other . )
1	religion has caused more fighting and killing throughout history .
1	if it is for my family , i can accomplish anything .
1	it is for the same reason that makes girls not ask the question .
1	you should act as if you are interested in what she says .
1	there is more fighting and killing because of religious beliefs .
1	i can do anything to provide for my family .
1	the same reason girls do not ask !
1	act like you care about what he is saying .
1	durex brand condoms are the best around .
1	you should purchase her a single red rose , she 'll love it .
1	now i play the game much more often .
1	i 'll certainly move for you .
1	if i was with you , i 'd be coming as well .
1	my lesbian friends have been together longer than any of my straight friends .
1	i believe so , especially because she might have sexually transmitted diseases .
1	continue to do what she states , until your wallet is empty .
1	most likely because we 've all been single , and know its great .
1	it is important to think of the advantages and downsides when making a decision .
1	have you seen the movie '40 year old virgin ' before ?
1	am i selfish to want my husband home ?
1	dab a small amount of your perfume on it .
1	perhaps it 's worth your time , to discuss how you feel with him .
1	i 'm inexperienced . i 'm searching for people to experience romance .
1	hello . i 'm a regular man , but i have an issue .
1	my mother , in a decent way .
1	begin to pretend to be a bad girl with action packed expressions .
1	no , once he cheats he will always cheat .
1	no one could be certain it would n't occur again .
1	you 've been speaking on the phone for quite a while now .
1	i believe that someone can help .
1	what should i do so that i can have his attention ?
1	i am having sex with a thirty to thirty-eight year old attractive mother .
1	anyway , i hope that things will go well for you .
1	the decision is mostly up to your parents .
1	you must trust and respect her .
1	men do n't typically care .
1	do not call him all of the time because he will feel smothered .
1	what makes men like myself different , you ask ?
1	i do n't believe it is fate .
1	you seem to be attracting the wrong caliber of men .
1	contemplating relations with a stranger is not good .
1	you make love with your girlfriend .
1	he replied that it was fun when i inquired .
1	has she hinted about anything at the mall or anything similar ?
1	what are you talking about ; stereo-type , what ?
1	bad things come back to you three-fold at a later time .
1	and you think that i simply conclude that men do n't care ?
1	i suspect that she broke up with her lover , but i never inquired .
1	both sides have their positive and negative aspects .
1	offer yourself to him for free .
1	my boyfriend and i were happy until ryan entered the picture .
1	did i mention there is a lot of good sex ?
1	i think you should research more what motivates men .
1	you should offer yourself to him at no cost .
1	i was happy in a previous relationship until a man named ryan came along .
1	i should also add , it included lots of passionate love making .
1	you should spend some time learning what men think and want .
1	i do not know if that will be of any help .
1	some people prefer to keep quiet most of the time .
1	no matter what is occurring , she is usally too busy and tired .
1	i like to think that i am the ruler over all that is ours .
1	1. what do you look for in a relationship ?
1	maybe you need to spice it up .
1	maybe the hair would not have been so bad without the make-up .
1	i do not think it is right , but it is the truth .
1	it is both a film and a story .
1	then go back to being funny , stern and enigmatic .
1	when you 're married , you wo n't have to worry about that .
1	please give me another opportunity .
1	much goes to waste daily .
1	we all pretend to be that way to be polite .
1	whatever you do , please do n't shout !
1	even most girls would like a moderate amount of shyness for their guys .
1	my honest and straight forward answer is a resounding no !
1	that is the best way to release emotions .
1	if there is sex involved , then he will only want that from you .
1	i know all about it because i am a man , believe me .
1	you might buy her some chocolate .
1	do not use any worn out pick-up lines on them .
1	i have been seeing my girlfriend so life is busy .
1	was not john hinkley obsessed with jodi foster ?
1	no , if you must know i am not cheating .
1	tell her that you are an axe murderer .
1	it is the one you get from someone you love .
1	please be confident and tell him the truth .
1	we love witnessing public displays of affection .
1	keep your head up and tell him the truth .
1	you should try leaving hickies , we really enjoy that .
1	it occurred over a man i felt she should not be dating .
1	i love my family very much .
1	i would not expect that most guys would have a preference in that regard .
1	how about just a half day ?
1	when you are ready . it 's all about time .
1	and , no , i do not work for them !
1	best way to attract the ladies .
1	write them a letter , and then put the letter into their locker .
1	any kind of intimacy or even the desire to experience intimacy together .
1	best of luck , and have a good time .
1	you are thinking about love , and love is thinking about you .
1	follow nike 's motto , `` just do it ! `` .
1	i call it the `` i love you if '' .
1	make it unforgettable ; i used a big bag of rose petals .
1	is this woman someone with whom you work with ?
1	think deeply , because this is a good one .
1	because , i desire them to be .
1	no , not if you do not desire to have sex .
1	i am sorry , but they are all homosexual .
1	women do not want to die , but men only care about having sex .
1	yes sir , you are mistaken .
1	yes sir , your 're barking on the wrong tree .
1	most of the girls do n't like their boys at all .
1	i have no idea and would like to ask the same question .
1	having lust in your heart is the same as cheating .
1	your friends will move away from you but your lover probably will not .
1	if you are not sure then just ask what her desires are .
1	it is easier to get younger females to be intimate with them .
1	you are too old to have your first date .
1	maybe he will ask you out .
1	when you are out of answers , you should discuss her likes with her .
1	in the first place , you need to write your friends
1	it is often easier to engage younger women into intercourse .
1	you are really far too mature to be going on your first date .
1	it is possible that he may ask you on a ate .
1	because that is their natural answer .
1	if not , then you only wasted a small amount of time .
1	begin slowly and passionately , then do it hard but gently .
1	couple 's therapy , though it sounds strange , it does help .
1	they say that because it is in their nature .
1	i know this sounds cliche , but couples therapy really can help a relationship .
1	lay naked on your bed with a rose in your teeth .
1	i mean no offense to that girl .
1	it might mean she really like the ankle bracelet . men are jealous creatures .
1	how do i pick up a girl at work ?
1	let me know how that turns out for you .
1	girl , tell someone before they get hurt .
1	how can i ask out a woman i work with ?
1	keep me informed on the results of this .
1	while not all men are the same , some do require it .
1	you should inform the proper authorities before someone gets hurt .
1	i went through the same thing with my wife , he wo n't change .
1	heck , i like a guy with good teeth .
1	just do n't go solo , it makes the girls mad .
1	why would he stay in just because you got mad ?
1	i married someone i met online .
1	goodness , i like a guy that has nice teeth .
1	please do not go by yourself , as it upsets the grrrs .
1	then why would he stay home because you were angry ?
1	i married a person i met online .
1	most likely you 're attracted to your choir director .
1	your boyfriend has to worry about both sexes hitting on you .
1	i 'm sixteen , i believe it 's a great age to begin .
1	think about of having a child of your own one day .
1	so , that is when greed comes .
1	high school can difficult because some students can be mean .
1	one beautiful woman is good , two beautiful women is great .
1	she is too young , where are her parents .
1	she is too young for that , where are her parents ?
1	you should follow what your heart says .
1	i believe with homosexual sex , it would n't work .
1	that was the ex girlfriend i found in bed with another woman .
1	it depends upon the character of the girl .
1	in my opinion , my friend has a horrible boyfriend .
1	that should not stop you from enjoying it .
1	what women say means something different to women and to men .
1	as a male , i must say .
1	i am extremely self-centered .
1	if necessary , do not wear clothes .
1	walking is how people usually approach anything .
1	i enjoy activities such as match.com , borders and self help meetings .
1	believe me , they are n't .
1	women are able to manipulate to obtain items .
1	life is what you make of it , regardless of age .
1	the only thing cheating solves is lust , temporarily .
1	its time could come any moment , so i am waiting .
1	take a break from both of them ; who will you miss more ?
1	i do n't think of anyone else when i am out with my date .
1	i suppose i could be falsifying it .
1	i am not convinced you are in love with either of them .
1	it is too bad that he is not considerate and respectful of that matter .
1	you get a feeling in your heart .
1	converse and discuss problems with your significant male other about every thing .
1	responses from females and women would be beneficial .
1	if you are having doubts , you should listen to them .
1	you will feel it with your heart .
1	you should communicate with your partner about everything .
1	input from women would be helpful .
1	no , i do n't believe it 's wrong to love .
1	i would not commit adultery against my wife if you threatened my life .
1	you have to let time pass .
1	this is proof you do not really love your significant other .
1	there is too many different kinds of religions .
1	do not dwell on it and it wont be an issue .
1	face it , you do not have a marriage .
1	are you pregnant , or is he being mean ?
1	intelligence can make you attractive .
1	three words to pronounce ; do you not speak english ?
1	where should i go from here ?
1	why do you not get a divorce and save the poor woman ?
1	do rockstars love drugs and strippers ?
1	this hast to do with knowledge , not maturity .
1	i recommend you cut off your relationship with him .
1	because you are a stranger to her .
1	no they do n't , and they do n't read ladder theory .
1	many men are obnoxious because they are insecure .
1	give him time to mature .
1	always remember that what does not kill you will make you stronger .
1	either way , i wish you all the luck in the world .
1	what does not kill you make you stronger .
1	best of luck to you .
1	silence does not always indicated that the person is bored .
1	that does not mean i can say what is going on with your husband .
1	so i ask you to please listen to your heart .
1	based on that , you should know what to do .
1	here is a clue about what your next step needs to be !
1	that is not true if you really love him .
1	i am heterosexual but some of my friends are not .
1	for the time being , i do not want children at all .
1	yes , he is far too old for you .
1	i feel it is to everyone 's own preference .
1	i am heterosexual but i do have homosexual friends .
1	currently , i a do not want any children .
1	the best way to start is by complimenting her and telling her your name .
1	i believe he is to old for you .
1	everyone is entitled to doing things their own way .
1	when it comes to the guy , you should take your time .
1	the familiar scenario of having sex and leaving them .
1	the answer can be found if you look deep within your heart .
1	if you are interested in getting ideas , we can discuss that .
1	wait for the guy .
1	i am going to be honest and forthright .
1	it seems like neither you nor your partner are quite ready for marriage yet .
1	i would do so , because this might halt his undesirable behavior .
1	my grandfather was the last good man i knew .
1	it does n't mean it will be easy .
1	question him about his objectives .
1	i needed to concentrate to continue .
1	in that case , maybe you should obtain a foreign boyfriend .
1	try using a chat room called `` chat philipines '' .
1	you should stay pure until you get married .
1	they are beautiful , sexy , and a lot of fun to be around .
1	i suggest you follow his desires while in the bed .
1	do what makes you happy .
1	kind individuals are no longer available .
1	a small number are positive and a small number are negative .
1	if you would like to be successful you will need to be intelligent .
1	find out if he 's interested , then ask him .
1	i am also scared .
1	what makes them unique is their tactics .
1	act properly , enjoy the moment .
1	say hello , then introduce yourself , then attempt to make conversation .
1	it is obvious that he only wants to have sexual relations with you .
1	i do not at all the majority of the time .
1	i only want to be friends with you , and nothing more than that .
1	so if that is what you prefer then you should do that .
1	some women do , and some men enjoy it , as well .
1	well married women should not have a boyfriend 's body to make remarks about .
1	in the future , he may show signs that it is possible .
1	women often do , and sometimes men enjoy it as well .
1	a peer , a committed partner , and a sexual member .
1	whatever else you do , do not say what you do not mean .
1	throw her a surprise party to welcome her back !
1	it is certainly unnatural , but i would encourage homosexuality .
1	the odds are that you can do better for less .
1	i have feelings for a girl who is more popular than i am .
1	find your personal preference - shemales , bisexual relationships - whatever brings you pleasure .
1	i guess she is attractive , too , like you .
1	try to look at the situation from every angle .
1	tell your ex-boyfriend to leave .
1	age is not significantly important .
1	what if you are caught in the act ?
1	people who truly care about others will give them space and time to themselves .
1	he is simply not interested in pursuing you .
1	there are too many `` bad boys '' out there .
1	for me , it would be my wife .
1	i had one year in college studying computer graphic arts before i got married .
1	do n't let other people determine who you friends are , or are n't .
1	and how can one be obtained ?
1	because they want their date to get to know their siblings .
1	if he has changed or is willing to change , then try counseling .
1	if all else fails , use your hands !
1	i love ll cool j 's lips .
1	to this day , she is still talking about me .
1	it is because you love or care too much .
1	no , because once you get married , you do not have sex anymore .
1	you must do what feels right to you .
1	it will probably ruin your friendship , but at least she is experienced .
1	i would like some thoughts on how best to propose to her .
1	she should know it is seen as homosexual and annoying .
1	older women prefer nice men , and younger women are drawn to obnoxious men .
1	keep looking for new and interesting opportunities !
1	then maybe you will find a sex partner .
1	do you have homosexual chat rooms for teenagers ?
1	and do not lead her on afterward .
1	i would like to know when men will stop acting as such ...
1	the 'god spot ' is missing in the lives of many people .
1	i wanted to find out if anyone else is in love .
1	well , i suppose it is because god created you that way .
1	try not smelling so much like a guy .
1	do not break up with him but do not call him either .
1	female chimpanzees do not experience orgasm .
1	i would like to have sex with you .
1	i delivered a child six months ago .
1	it 's for the simple reason that men love women .
1	you never stated that you had everything , and he had nothing .
1	is there any real good answer ?
1	it 's not as if he going to leave anywhere soon .
1	my husband and i watch adult movies together .
1	men are a bit less than respectable .
1	after three months , is he serious ?
1	if you hear these unfortunate words , immediately back off .
1	he came and spoke to me in both of my dreams .
1	i am a man and i can say honestly that i find pornography disgusting .
1	take your time and do not do the pornographic tongue flick .
1	he is basically saying that it is tough being me .
1	you are very attentive tonight , is sex the only thing you think about ?
1	i did not enjoy having my heart broken .
1	run , wave your hands , and scream at the same time .
1	no gentleman wants a loose woman .
1	apologize to him and relay that you though he was supposed to call you .
1	i am well read , but not handsome .
1	do you find yourself more attracted to women than men ?
1	the ones who do that are subhuman .
1	one should learn from his mistakes and not hurt his girlfriend .
1	it is always nice to enjoy a spa day .
1	do you think that she would leave her husband ?
1	just close your eyes and try it .
1	a necklace that has a heart charm on it .
1	next time you look for your future wife , be safe and be yourself .
1	let yvan tell him .
1	they can use a timer .
1	give her nice compliments .
1	but there are guys , and they are usually very attractive .
1	whomever said `` yes '' is very wrong , that is not right .
1	yes , if they really have true love .
1	did n't i tell you i took them all and turned them into lesbians >
1	yes , but it will hurt you , so pick one .
1	once i knew for certain , i told him and he proposed .
1	would you say that you are still attracted to him and like him ?
1	keep the policy of `` do not ask/do not tell '' .
1	the best thing would be to ask about what is wrong .
1	perhaps what you desire most is what you do not have .
1	christmas is not about giving and receiving gifts .
1	if that does not work then he is immature .
1	i have heard that losing virginity is not enjoyable .
1	my daughter still speaks of how he treated me .
1	it may seem mean , however she deservs it if she is committing infidelity .
1	men either do or they do not .
1	she is not telling you something that might harm you .
1	one day i will leave you .
1	if they do not mind , why should you ?
1	i think it is ugly and disgusting .
1	everyone has their own way of doing things .
1	you can always learn more about them , then do things they like .
1	normally it makes things worse if you beat , please do n't do it .
1	i have a lot of great friends .
1	he knows he is not the father .
1	the brain is a woman 's most erogenous zone .
1	because they are afraid of their own sexuality .
1	do not say that they really do make her look fat .
1	intelligence matters because laughter can only get you so far .
1	however , do not kill her ; that is not a good idea .
1	find out how old he/she is .
1	she acts proper , but she gives good sex .
1	do you want to date this girl ?
1	what do you do on a date ?
1	if you love him , do n't mess up his house .
1	my friend , please do not give her a poem .
1	i could not imagine not being married , however everyboy imagines life differently .
1	i wish you good luck with the great danes .
1	i would not give it to her .
1	why would any woman want that ?
1	the way you are speaking if offensive .
1	please complete the task as many times as possible .
1	i want to call my mother to share some exciting news .
1	you can choose your own path in life .
1	we have decided to go with someone more qualified .
1	will i allow you to go deeper ?
1	in addition , women have many more horomones than men .
1	ask her on a date .
1	how do i deal with this ?
1	by the way , i am not saying art students are not decent .
1	before i was 19 , i lost my virginity to my wife .
1	yes , it would depend on who the man and them woman are .
1	pay her , and then return to your home with your wife .
1	does he have drool dripping out of his mouth when he stares ?
1	a dinner at her favorite place .
1	try acting like you are sexy , and then you will be sexy .
1	maybe he wants you to ask him out .
1	it would be alright for barbie !
1	then use that answer to base your next bit of chat on .
1	you could ask her , or catch her in the crime .
1	it was a very funny dream .
1	perhaps he wants you to ask him on a date .
1	barbie would accept it .
1	you can question her or wait until she breaks the law .
1	the dream was hilarious .
1	i could have gone the rest of my life without seeing her again .
1	i was asked out by a man yesterday , and i said yes .
1	i would like to have sex with you .
1	how do i end the relationship with the other guy without hurting his feelings ?
1	yes , i hope you will have a happy new year .
1	bring a case against him in small claims court .
1	if it is big , should i just try ?
1	i hope your wife will read this online .
1	i would just break up with her because what she did was wrong .
1	but , does not know that i am dating someone else .
1	it is difficult to find the perfect person , male or female .
1	you have to let things go every so often .
1	begging for female companions on the internet makes you look pathetic .
1	if you knew this man you would not let him move in with you .
1	sounds to me that you are in a casual relationship .
1	good looking people can have ugly personalities .
1	you might enjoy it as well if you give it a chance .
1	do women use this to enlarge their breasts ?
1	they shot you down .
1	i have never kissed a man .
1	pigs are the only other animals that enjoy having sex for pleasure only .
1	speak highly about he or she .
1	hopefully i am incorrect , but i dont ' believe i am .
1	make sure about that before you start digging .
1	can you see if your male friends have friends that are also single ?
1	i was curious and agree with your responses .
1	when you determine the answer , please send me one .
1	if you do n't solve the problem it will come to your .
1	feel free to engage in the activity whenever you like .
1	you should remember to be a gentleman because chivalry is not dead as yet .
1	i think that dating older guys should not be an issue .
1	sometimes , you get lucky and someone tells .
1	try asking yourself if you love men .
1	you get to know him and you learn everything about him .
1	i can not stand to look at my reflection .
1	women : do you , or would you , and why or why not ?
1	ask him , and then come onto him first .
1	that is my opinion anyway .
1	i promise you that they are out there .
1	how about saying , `` hey , i need more sex ! ''
1	you have to turn them on first , then everything will be turned on .
1	if anything is wrong , you can always turn it into a joke .
1	if not , then your first time should not be bad .
1	best of luck , sincerely , ice princess . ps :
1	a straight female , open-minded , a mother , sexually active , and intelligent !
1	he wants you for sex and nothing else .
1	i would like to have sex with you .
1	hello , did you happened to view ________ on television last night ?
1	you may need more practice if you are still confused .
1	i am looking for a man that is going to ...
1	they wished to see her full lip on or around there !
1	we both had possessions that the other did not .
1	he always leaves without telling her that he is leaving .
1	or just ask him to be up front with you .
1	if she has feelings for you , then what are you waiting for ?
1	women do not see 38 year old me as old .
1	if they want to see you , then do it .
1	it is not a big deal .
1	maybe she likes you a little too much ?
1	it 'll be difficult , but leave .
1	he would call me next , and so forth .
1	stay off that terrible drug !
1	be confident , but not self absorbed .
1	it sounds as if they 're busy with their own lives .
1	i 'm not sure what i should say .
1	the majority of us are quite similar .
1	your wife will be speechless .
1	my wife did the same thing .
1	they say it does n't matter but it does !
1	there is a list that may be of assistance at weddingxhannel.com
1	she states her desire to engage in sexual acts with you .
1	i am aware of heterosexual people who have also had them .
1	she says , `` i want to have sex with you . ''
1	let him go , search for a good man .
1	by now , you should be in a different spot in your relationship .
1	i have many men friends .
1	do you plan to try to stop loving her ?
1	she is setting the pace .
1	although some men are different , i can only speak for myself .
1	because if you get married he will just hide it , not stop .
1	so , such as a horse penis transplant .
1	a leopard can not change it 's spot .
1	give her time . when she is comfortable , she will do it .
1	what you are tangled in does not feel good , does it ?
1	maybe you should call to set up the appointment .
1	that is there so you are aware of what to scream .
1	i would not do it if i were you .
1	typically , the male species does not care .
1	i am not shallow .
1	tell them that it is not nice what they did .
1	you are old enough to determine if you love this person .
1	i dated someone at work and it was awkward .
1	you do not know until you ask .
1	when you are doubtful , take it out .
1	some women think it is disgusting . however , if i was your partner ...
1	because you are more put-together and clean looking .
1	show her what she is missing .
1	i apologize for giving you herpes is an excellent start .
1	if he has a girl , you should let it go .
1	however , there are some good men out there .
1	that is what happened to me .
1	your co-worker ... one who is up to date as much as you are .
1	well honestly , i think you should be 15 .
1	yes , but only pictures of my boyfriend .
1	they do not want a free ticket to the usa .
1	if you do not believe me , talk to a mind expert .
1	you will be compensated for taking a vacation somewhere nice and romantic .
1	yes , i am in love , and i will be forever .
1	take her to see a movie if that is what she desires .
1	a post nuptial is something you do after you are married .
1	if you ignore him once in a while he might re-evaluate his decision .
1	i do not think a woman would date a gay man .
1	men frequently compare themselves to each other .
1	a best friend feels like having a sister .
1	she will be very attached to you .
1	it is okay for you to ask him out .
1	virgins perform oral sex on men .
1	a best friend is like a sister .
1	she will be all over you , like odor on feces .
1	even the virgins go down on guys .
1	men say they shower all the time .
1	we do not always use our mind to think .
1	is she just a trophy wife ?
1	how do i give a gift for my husband of seven years ?
1	you must only do that if it is what she desires as well .
1	i have feelings for kim chee and ka go ge .
1	i am going to watch `` monty python and the holy grail . ''
1	and he needs to tell her that he finds her sexually attractive .
1	second , do you feel like you two have known each other forever ?
1	not ever man acts like a child .
1	he will be more honest with you than he has with other girls .
1	your heart will lead you in the right direction .
1	but , not all men act like babies .
1	he will tell you things he normally does not tell other girls .
1	you 'll know in your hear if it feels right .
1	it does not matter whether the woman admits to liking you or not .
1	that is because you are all so good at it .
1	i do not think that he would ever be able to use it .
1	never settle for anything and always believe that tomorrow is another day !
1	for a relationship to work well , you need to be honest .
1	come on , you can do better than that .
1	be warned ; do not try to fake an interest .
1	as the other member stated previously , she 's not .
1	you should wear it around the base snugly .
1	i have a male friend , with a girlfriend with issues .
1	you should n't force her to do anything .
1	if you do not look for him , he will come to you .
1	do not take this literally because this is only my opinion .
1	she is probably playing hard to get .
1	that 's because people are quite dense and in love .
1	so you allowed him to do watever he wanted .
1	if you two have been together for that period of time mother probably knows .
1	there are plenty of fish in the sea .
1	i 'm unsure if i see it differently .
1	a pet , child , and relationship were three things most important to me .
1	things could have been worse if you chose not to fight .
1	most of my friends are male because i do n't get along with females .
1	will they listen to their teachers the same way they listen to you ?
1	i do n't decisions i make now to have an effect later on .
1	maybe , you tell the person that you have strong feelings for them .
1	it worked when i allowed a man to do it to me .
1	men trade emotional attachment for sexual favors .
1	why can you not have a fresh start on a new life ?
1	and you do not believe your question is ridiculous ?
1	there may be many reasons why my father does not come home as often .
1	you should move on to another woman .
1	you should speak with him . my boyfriend and i conversate constantly .
1	if you 're with three currently , why not continue ?
1	if you attempt to meet up with him . definitely bring friends .
1	that is the most stupid question i have ever heard .
1	it is only because of the thinking , nothing else .
1	because your friend is smarter than you .
1	it sounds to me like he is trying to control you bit too much .
1	if you do not want to do it , then do n't bother .
1	i am used to it by now .
1	it turns them on , as they are human beings .
1	you never know if the guy may be lying .
1	i can not believe that girls can be this skeptical .
1	sir , it might be two things .
1	for a girl , it is natural .
1	what a coincidence , i just dealt with that !
1	i replied that i was not dating anyone , when he questioned me .
1	perhaps she 's viewed you ogling at women ?
1	as long as you continue to gather numbers , you 're doing well .
1	i work with men mainly .
1	in addition to being extremely wealthy .
1	whether she is clothed or not , always reassure her she is beautiful .
1	similar to school with tv 's to watch games .
1	thank you for your responses .
1	i am positive that she will love it .
1	i am married and i have had this problem before .
1	let us see , can women ?
1	i believe you meant obsessed , correct ?
1	some of them both wo n't hurt .
1	you should inform your mother .
1	i was with my paramour .
1	did i mention how close we 're both becoming ?
1	just as men are not , women are not mindreaders either .
1	on average , once or twice a week is when most people have it .
1	he would be understanding because he is your best friend .
1	i believe the only anser is the best answer .
1	if she appreciates art , then take her to a museum or gallery .
1	nobody belongs to anybody until he or she is married .
1	that is my advice , and i hope it helps .
1	port is considered a relationship breaker and will not help .
1	one unfaithful , always unfaithful .
1	you just have not earned it yet dear .
1	yes , some women do not like it .
1	do not always dress like a guy .
1	it is good that you have high self-esteem .
1	you must demonstate to her that you care .
1	i estimate that i found him a minimum of five times .
1	in the first instance , what do you assess your probability of success .
1	i will you a speedy recovery , c. fluellen .
1	you have got to show her that you care .
1	i would bet that i found him at least five times .
1	well , first of all , what are your chances ?
1	i pray that you get well c. fluellen .
1	it feels so great , but sometimes it hurts a lot .
1	the best adjective you could come up with would be `` adulterer . ''
1	disicpline . remove their privileges . do not let them take advantage of you .
1	it feels wonderful but occasionally it can be quite painful .
1	the best you could think up would be `` adulterer '' .
1	if you were my girlfriend , i would be worried !
1	your father does n't like him so there will be not future with him .
1	should i notify her or leave it in the past ?
1	some people have it coming to them .
1	do men consider sexual realtions that much more often than women do ?
1	i would inform her as soon as possible .
1	to ease your mind , you need to speak with her .
1	she may be receptive if you try speaking with her .
1	even more so if she is out with her peers having a good time .
1	i apologize for our cultural differences , i did n't mean to offend you .
1	what if he were to leave his wife and family for you ?
1	if not , and they are not going to marry you , then no .
1	perhaps you should just let him smoke weed .
1	i can not find my puppy ; could you help me find him ?
1	he is not only a creep , but he is stupid too .
1	a diamond ring will make a girl appreciate you after you made her mad .
1	he 's not only a creep but he is n't very smart as well .
1	you should know , that you have a friend in the united states .
1	he was not aware it was me , until i told him it was .
1	do not be in a hurry to settle down .
1	thank god for brave women like us .
1	comfort them instead of anoying them or driving them crazy like last time .
1	austin , texas should be a good place .
1	of course , it depends on the girl .
1	they start at about 10 dollars .
1	a ) flirting , proving to himself that he is still desirable .
1	he wants to raise the baby as it was his own child .
1	as her why she behaves as she does .
1	please give me advice on how i can move on from him .
1	but , i know someone back in my country .
1	it 's been miserable , but i stayed because i thought i had to .
1	tell your parents that he 's a friend .
1	if you would n't do it , then she should n't do it .
1	then , think for what it is ?
1	but , i know a person who still lives in my home country .
1	it has been miserable , but i stayed because i thought i had to .
1	tell your parents he is a friend .
1	if you would not do it , then she should not do it either .
1	then what do you think it is ?
1	i prefer well built , nice biceps .
1	girls love that , and more . appreciate the directness .
1	i like a well-developed body with nice biceps .
1	women like men who are more direct .
1	i wonder if guys like women who wear thongs because i wear them .
1	because , that is what women are for .
1	you should run , do n't walk , and do n't look back .
1	i learned as a result of instruction from you over many years .
1	the measurements 36-24-26 used to be considered ideal so you are not far off .
1	being direct may be difficult but it gets the message out .
1	they are all my friends since i do not have an enemy .
1	i need a woman who is open to having sex .
1	but , i have very strong feelings for both of them .
1	a weird person in bed .
1	you should let the guy say it to you first .
1	leave it alone ; do not rush things .
1	when she has sex with you and then does not want to leave .
1	you know you can not see yourself with anyone else but him or her .
1	i think it would be on a black man .
1	you know that is true , girls .
1	describe your time in bed and see what you are doing .
1	i think at first i would be a little jealous .
1	i had always insisted that we were only friends .
1	then wait to see what he says .
1	learn to not talk like a guy .
1	it is alright if you are fifteen and he is seventeen .
1	do not beat yourself up over that .
1	i do not know , but it is fine with me .
1	i can not think about another girl .
1	give someone a second chance , but never give them a third .
1	take as much time as you need to decide if you really love him/her .
1	it just turns them on .
1	is n't your boyfriend , your boyfriend , for a reason ?
1	you can either lend them money or date them .
1	see if you can keep pace with us !
1	females enjoy emotional men , not homosexual men , there is a difference .
1	that is a dumb question .
1	that stresses me further !
1	no , if you 're unattractive . yes , if you 're attractive .
1	a little sex , but that 's all .
1	listen to what type of excuse he invents .
1	the hard truth is that you ca n't .
1	no , you might be letting the man or woman of your life go .
1	if it was me you were having dreams about .
1	if you love her , then get some assistance .
1	because , that is what it consists of .
1	ususally , they will tell on themselves .
1	ask her to go out for a coffee or something .
1	what if i had married him , and then moved in with him ?
1	if you have to ask , do not ask .
1	i think that it would depend on what the girl likes .
1	i would say do not do it .
1	i do n't want to lose him .
1	woman have suicidal thoughts when they can not get past a relationship .
1	be a gentleman , talk about nice subjects .
1	how can i get him to stop ?
1	he either feels the same way , or he does not .
1	i am a sci-fi/anime nerd , so now you know why i ask .
1	can i get some mens ' perspectives too ?
1	what kind of flowers do you like ?
1	if they ask you the reason why then tell them the truth .
1	take him to your local church building .
1	why did you even inquire about this ?
1	speak to your mother and father .
1	good luck in looking for the best answer !
1	good luck in looking for the correct answer , ice princess p.s .
1	do n't give up , you will find them .
1	how does one act as if he is in love ?
1	do not flirt because it only causes problems and makes you look bad .
1	tell her in your own natural words .
1	attempt to spice things up .
1	because it is just flirting , do not have expectations .
1	knock him out by punching him in the face .
1	can you suggest any websites that may have that information ?
1	the movies are quite impressive .
1	i wish you much success .
1	you should call that person .
1	she will stay if she loves you .
1	it will feel similar to butterfly wings fluttering in your stomach .
1	no , you 're not supposed to search for him .
1	you need to ask yourself , if you ever been like this before ?
1	no need to keep searching , that 's actually normal .
1	i have one that i love , does that count .
1	i do not really think that you can .
1	there are many reasons that are no good for a person that gets hurt .
1	it was only something that you ate .
1	yes , they are attractive though .
1	she/he comes up with nothing , even though he/she has two accounts with them .
1	fiance is a man or woman engaged to be married .
1	anyways , one way or another , you will come to regret your decision .
1	and then deny me the opportunity to experience that talent ?
1	this sounds like one person likes the other to me .
1	you still have time to enter into a relationship .
1	it is preferrable for you to end it immediately .
1	if he will not respond , you should step and spy .
1	simply tell her that she will always be a good friend , and continue .
1	if you love someone and are old enough to wed , you should propose .
1	do not become involved in a relationship immediately after you end one .
1	why am i asking this many questions ?
1	when he is offline , she constantly says she misses him .
1	do not try to be someone who you are not .
1	it feels fantastic to be in love . it can also hurt sometimes .
1	yes , all women are sexy , some in different ways .
1	he only had to give you pillow talk .
1	( at least , a daily phone call . )
1	she said that she would like to be friends .
1	it seems like you may not perform as well as the men out there .
1	make a decision , he may surprise you .
1	i have never cheated , it is beyond my character to do so .
1	boys are about one year behind of girls on maturity levels
1	they think i behave like an angel .
1	your preference should be a woman , not a girl .
1	i do not know how a person could develop a disgusting fetish like that .
1	i believe in being honest while not being accusatory .
1	if he loves you , you should take care of him sexually .
1	i am an american man with white colored skin .
1	stop typing and go get his attention .
1	you can not because they are all taken .
1	do not tell him you love him .
1	you but , but if you are obsessed about him you should seek therapy .
1	i do believe in love at first sight .
1	stop typing , and go yell at him !
1	you ca n't , they are all taken .
1	do n't tell him that you love him .
1	yeah , i do believe in love at first sight .
1	my answer is no .
1	they have been married for thirty-eight years .
1	you deserve someone trustworthy and faithful .
1	we would prefer someone more mature .
1	it is wise to keep your personal life separate from work .
1	you should marry and start a family right away .
1	then he would call me only to talk , he never asked me out .
1	my boyfriend gets angry with me because i do n't call him .
1	when you really want to be with someone you will find him quickly .
1	if you are interested , just ask him .
1	yes , and you will need counciling .
1	you should question weather it is possible for you to do .
1	this is similar to the differences between democrats and republicans .
1	you should inform him that it is ending , but continue having sex .
1	this is the polar opposite of what men do .
1	yes , you guys are going to need to have some counseling .
1	so , ask yourself , `` can i do this ? `` .
1	sort of like the difference between the democrats and the republicans .
1	tell him that it is over , but still do not stop the sex .
1	it is exactly the opposite of what men can give .
1	move on , and do not take her with you .
1	i believe that it is more of a commitment opportunity .
1	it is because men do not have the pain tolerance that most women do .
1	it is me , if you like him too .
1	a woman that i attended high school with had one .
1	why are you asking him to marry you ?
1	the two of you are not doing yourselves any favors .
1	an attractive outfit of jeans and a shirt will be great .
1	i am returning your question to you .
1	check to see if it is in your address book .
1	why are you asking him to marry you ?
1	but , a nice outfit with jeans and a shirt is nice .
1	i 'm giving you back your question .
1	see if it is in your address book .
1	i have heard that some have the ability to be nine inches in diameter .
1	girls are more attractive if they have long hair .
1	homosexual people are not the only people who can be shallow .
1	enjoy the icecream while you are able .
1	there are men waiting for you .
1	women would like their boyfriends to be romantic and fun .
1	he is likely just irritated because you always ask .
1	search google for cruzy and you will see my point .
1	enjoy icecream while you can .
1	there are guys waiting for you .
1	women like their boyfriends to be fun and romantic .
1	he 's probably just annoyed because you always ask .
1	google the keyword `` cruzy , '' and see what i mean .
1	i am sure she wo n't mind if you wait .
1	if you always say yes to her , she will be satisfied .
1	i just want to know how other couples are doing .
1	let him have your body for 45 minutes for nothing .
1	my only problem is that i did n't do it sooner .
1	the shorter they are the better they look .
1	you will get the response now .
1	you may go to your friend ’ s house instead .
1	perhaps , there is an emptiness in your life .
1	simply keep going until you are finished .
1	no . you get a nasal drip if you snort it .
1	slipknot is no good . korn is original and good .
1	i am eager , as well , to see the answers .
1	try to pick your game up a little bit if it is costing you .
1	it is impolite to cut anyone off , period . it is rude .
1	if you are eight , it is not okay .
1	do you think you are good looking ?
1	are all the male counterparts here this way ?
1	all my male peers like them also .
1	as long as you know what you are doing , it is okay .
1	i still want to be treated as an equal .
1	i do not understand how that is a question ; it is a statement .
1	well if the police are involved then she does not like you !
1	i would like to sleep with him now .
1	consider doing this with your conversation .
1	it will not work if you do not .
1	you will have to first tell us what exactly it is you want .
1	i apologize , girl , i truly wish i knew the answer as well .
1	this would depend on the age of the girl .
1	no , you should not do this , it is bad .
1	coming from a mans perspective , i would say no .
1	you can not control it or search for it .
1	i think you should live on and let her live on as well .
1	was she really your sister or was she your best friend .
1	i can guarantee that he speaks poorly of you when talking to hims roommat .
1	please answer all of these questions : 1 ) does she flirt ?
1	you should confess to her that you feel that way .
1	i would say flowers - normally roses - and a box of candy .
1	by the way , mine is green !
1	some states to not , but the county within the state does .
1	so confess to her that you feel this way .
1	flowers , normally roses , and a box of candy .
1	by the way , mine is green .
1	i wait until i feel like i can understand my woman .
1	i still am in love and i always will be .
1	i wear thongs as well , and i know that men like them .
1	if you both enjoy it equally , then why stop ?
1	why are you involving yourself ?
1	try something different , perhaps that will spark the attraction again .
1	perhaps you should concentrate on picturing her as a pet ?
1	with that awful type of thinking , i do n't believe you deserve anybody .
1	start with a nice lunch then head out for a romantic walk .
1	why do you feel that way ? was your first one lost as well ?
1	that may end up being a very positive developemnt .
1	your girlfriend should also keep her eyes wide open .
1	lunch , and then go for a walk .
1	she is just tripping because she does n't have it like that .
1	why , did you lose your first one ?
1	which may be a good thing .
1	men who cheat on you are likely to do it again .
1	i believe that sad people stay in relationships .
1	does he love you ? if not , do not go after him .
1	do you flirt with women or look at women ?
1	that is true , but it is up to you .
1	you can do anything that you would like without receiving criticism from others .
1	if my boyfriend was not 700 miles away right now , it would not .
1	or else she has mental health issues and should see a therapist .
1	and you should apologize for being absent that day .
1	this is the only experience that is close to what heaven feels like .
1	if you are grounded about the situation , then everything should be fine .
1	talk to them about the weather .
1	if does n't ask you , then he is n't interested .
1	if you just showered it should n't be a big deal .
1	it is the only experience that is closest to heaven , i guess .
1	talk about the weather , ha ha ha .
1	if he is n't asking , he does n't want it !
1	if all you did was shower , it is not a big deal .
1	if you do not , there is a reason why you do no .
1	if he is incarcerated , maybe you should reconsider your relationship .
1	otherwise , he may have ulterior motives behind the love he proclaims .
1	introduce yourself , small talk , then ask if they 'd like to out .
1	i ca n't get a date ever .
1	i continue to be in love with her .
1	after fighting , love will end up being much deeper .
1	i 've seen him during gym .
1	learn how to dance , but not only how to dance provocatively .
1	if so , then give the man a chance .
1	love , passion , heat , and fire are needed in the bedroom .
1	good luck to the both of us .
1	get a copy of both playboy and playgirl magazines .
1	no judgment of either good or bad can be made .
1	her friends also approve of me and even adore me .
1	you should move on and find someone else .
1	i have the same ideology as you .
1	be accompanied by plenty of females , but do not stick to them .
1	do not spend it because you are either depressed or hiding .
1	i wonder if she likes you .
1	if you do not know anything then jokes get boring quickly .
1	if you want a long term relationship , i am not interested .
1	you love this person , however your parents do not .
1	if you do n't know anything , jokes get boring really quickly .
1	if you want a longterm relationship , no way .
1	you love this person in a way your parents do n't .
1	if you want to die , no matter how you slice it .
1	for me personally , it releases a lot of stress .
1	he would have gotten a divorce if he really cared about you .
1	you would call the psychic friends network .
1	you should n't stop just because you 're frightened .
1	if you both agreed to take time off , it was n't cheating .
1	if he 's popular , most likely he already has a girlfriend .
1	you need to get over your fear , discipline your pet .
1	do not let fear overtake you .
1	you broke up with him when it happened .
1	he may or may not have a girlfriend .
1	if you want him to join in .
1	or , is it true that what comes around , goes around ?
1	if they say that they do mind , then , you can fix it .
1	saves loads of trouble , which could come later !
1	because , my place is a dump !
1	if you would like him to join in , then . . .
1	could it be true that karma does exist ?
1	if they are upset , then you can make amends .
1	this could help to avoid future problems .
1	my place is substandard .
1	but that does not mean that you ca n't still be nice .
1	plan a place to go and be fun .
1	it is just like any other request , it 's your decision !
1	you need to run quickly away from him and his family .
1	on the other hand , popular guys do n't have many attributes that last .
1	you are n't , if you even have to ask .
1	you should read the book `` he 's just not that into you . ''
1	you need to get away from him and his family .
1	on the other hand , popular guys are n't always popular .
1	you probably are n't if you have to ask .
1	i believe women will appreciate that .
1	i was n't very intelligent at that time .
1	ask yourself a question : would you like to have that knowledge ?
1	afterwards , we should go dancing and then go back home for some dessert .
1	i am in love with a wonderful man and i love my beautiful children .
1	he does n't seem to care about you enough .
1	sex addiction is similar to any other addiction .
1	if he truly loves you , he 'd act like it .
1	quickly . i need some suggestions .
1	you have a wife , and you cheated on her with a man ?
1	smile at her but not so much that you frighten her .
1	the bottom line is that both of you should have fun .
1	the only answer is that they have found something better .
1	are you cleaning up after two untidy people ?
1	deep down inside , do women , think like men ?
1	if not , try to move on .
1	relationships are always stronger when you have a strong friendship before dating .
1	you should attempt to talk with other people .
1	in a sense , obsessively following you at your work and other places .
1	many men are praying for you .
1	if they do n't end up fighting , do n't concern yourself .
1	you did it for the free kimchi , correct ?
1	have you ever considered if she felt the same ?
1	you should n't try , let it occur naturally .
1	i like vibrators more than men currently , they do n't speak about .
1	you should stop seeing him immediately .
1	you should ask yourself , why do you love him ?
1	most likely it means he likes you .
1	oh well , i do not think so .
1	i would like to have sex with you .
1	she might think it 's cute that he is shy .
1	sour punch straws , hershey 's chocolate , reese 's , and dairy milk
1	this is the day the lord made for you !
1	should n't he have room for his girlfriend ?
1	if you do find out , please let me know !
1	can i call him a good friend when i speak about him ?
1	people fear what they do not understand , you know ?
1	should he not have room or time for his girlfriend ?
1	if you find out , please advise me .
1	can i refer to him as a good friend when i speak about him ?
1	people fear what they do not understand , as you know .
1	invite him to lunch soon .
1	try to make your mother believe you broke up .
1	i would ask her , then explain why .
1	how well do you know the man you are in a relationship with ?
1	why yes , there is , and he is me .
1	there is nothing that disgusts me more than looking at my reflection/
1	maybe he would like for you to ask him .
1	i take women out there and they seem to enjoy themselves .
1	it makes no matter how adult you are about it .
1	i do n't believe he takes me seriously .
1	that would be wonderful if you 've decided not to marry .
1	perhaps you should pray about it ?
1	i assumed i had this understood an here i am now !
1	try to spell it out with your tongue .
1	if it makes you feel good do it !
1	nothing is comparable to living on your own .
1	one word , viagra , slip him some .
1	`` yes '' and `` no '' have clear meanings , correct ?
1	she and her sister received whatever they wanted due to their parents being wealthy .
1	walk away and wish him well if he tells you no .
1	i wish i did not get tired on the weekends .
1	you do not have to control him as much as you do .
1	do people not take there vows seriously anymore ?
1	just do what will make you happy .
1	i 've been with my husband for 13 years .
1	you can make this work . good luck !
1	baby do n't hurt me , do n't hurt me , anymore .
1	like , is it ok if it 's innocent ?
1	i have been married to my husband for 13 years .
1	you are able to make this successful . good luck !
1	baby , do not hurt me , do not hurt me , any longer .
1	is it okay , if it is meant innocently ?
1	i miss her a lot as well .
1	young lady , you should leave him and find someone more worthy .
1	you could let your husband discover you having inappropriate relations with your girlfriend .
1	i miss her a lot too .
1	move on girl , and go find a real man .
1	allow your husband to walk in on you and your girlfriend have oral sex .
1	would you take the first step to see if we will make it forever ?
1	yes , they are together and will probably be that way for a while .
1	if you love him work it out .
1	let her go and move on .
1	never look back on things like that unless it is to learn from mistakes .
1	i like fat women , i do not like anorexic skinny women !
1	i love to run , swim , and eat chocolate !
1	get to know the ones you like .
1	does he know the girl very well , or not ?
1	also , pick something you both like .
1	go by , it will fall apart .
1	could you help me by providing tips to obtain this girl .
1	do you believe that your boyfriend is unfaithful to you ?
1	she waited a year and then told her about our relationship .
1	please leave them alone because they will be offended by your ego .
1	that is the best thing that guys notice about girls .
1	sometimes the guys forget that i am still a girl .
1	friends stand by each other no matter what happens .
1	you are a convenience to him and nothing more than that .
1	women love being told that they are pretty !
1	i am not saying with other women but definitely with you .
1	in some cases , if you wait too long you lose out .
1	the reason is that it 's easier to obtain a correction .
1	i do n't know whether he if fond of me , however .
1	tell him that it makes you excited .
1	ninety percent of my best friends are male .
1	guys like girls that do not play games or leave them guessing .
1	hold hands , kiss , deeper kiss , and there you are .
1	please note that this has to take less than ten seconds .
1	i hope it does not rule us out .
1	trust me , i am an expert on this .
1	i do not think those shoes go with that outfit ; i am gay .
1	it may be a while if you can not fart around him .
1	do you any idea why my boyfriend watches pornography ?
1	the solution is to keep asking him until he opens up and talks .
1	god definitely has to come first .
1	most women can only please one man at one time .
1	i am speaking with you currently .
1	she do it with everyone .
1	be careful but tell her .
1	do not sweat it , my mom is nice .
1	tell your kids to pick up their stuff .
1	here 's a good hint !
1	is it hot in here or are you just hot ?
1	even if they are not thinking , it does gel .
1	sappy version at one , and geek version at two .
1	not if you just met this guy .
1	a kind that only you can know and love .
1	if not , then it probably means nothing .
1	get on your knees and take care of him .
1	soppy version at one and geek version at two .
1	not if you have just met this man .
1	if not , then it probably means nothing .
1	get on your knees and pleasure him .
1	or , just bend over a lot in front of him .
1	mostly all the people i know are n't genuine !
1	i do . i think it 's cute .
1	she is obsessed , and that is a big problem .
1	why in the freaking hell would you do that ?
1	make the one that is right for you .
1	a majority of the people i know are fake in some way .
1	i do think it is cute .
1	it is a problem that she has an overwhelming infatuation and obsession .
1	create something that fits your interests .
1	why does he feel the need to cheat if he loves you ?
1	just be yourself and have a good sense of humor !
1	yes , i believe in love at first sight and i will never compromise !
1	when you feel weak in the knees , you will know ... trust me !
1	i would like my girl to be petite , sociable , witty and sweet .
1	i disagree with the thought that you greet her at a later point .
1	you have damaged the relationship with me and with our children .
1	i am of the view that it depends on the woman .
1	if you are getting too upset , pause the conversation .
1	girls and nerds alike are cute and look honest .
1	cheating on you once is a mistake but twice ?
1	my parents still do not know that i have had boyfriends .
1	two people want my attention .
1	well , first , take a deep breath .
1	she may want you to leave .
1	sometimes i see us walking on the beach .
1	your current situation is good .
1	first , you did not say how old you are .
1	many people who do not do drugs are nonethess unpleasant individuals .
1	acting that way does not display empathy .
1	i can not as her directly since we do not talk anymore .
1	i dislike it with a passion .
1	let him know if was just a fling .
1	it will absolutely keep you in her thoughts .
1	if they are residing with you , then of course the answer is yes .
1	venture out into the real world .
1	i definitely believe that there is a 'special someone ' for everyone !
1	try to be honest about your feelings .
1	can you just send it back as spam ?
1	are these the things you stay up thinking about ?
1	let him know that you like him .
1	it is necessary that you purchase that ?
1	the love of money is the root of all evil .
1	use a pencil to demonstrate where to put it .
1	wow . that is the hottest !
1	some people think that wads of cash make a life worthwhile .
1	mark with a pencil where each one will go .
1	women retain water and have periods ; men do not .
1	she might experience some difficulty in the beginning .
1	she 's not being fair to you if she follows through with that action .
1	we are not in college now !
1	not even you are perfect .
1	that does sound annoying , let us do it to her .
1	an adorable girl is crazy to not kiss a man .
1	put the truck in reverse a little bit .
1	do not forget about the one in puerto rico .
1	i have many male friends that i do not have feelings for .
1	if not , you will never know the outcome .
1	back up the truck a little .
1	just do n't forget about the one in puerto rico .
1	i have many guy friends that i do n't have feelings for .
1	if not , you 'll never know the outcome .
1	yes , it is cheating if he or she discovers it .
1	you will never be happy if you change your standards for a guy .
1	i am not sure how i feel about her .
1	i am pretty sure that you know what i mean .
1	you could take pictures and sell them .
1	it is best to just leave and not over-analyze the situation .
1	focus on the outcome that you desire .
1	if you truly do not care , do whatever you want .
1	be honest with him but if he becomes overly emotional , walk away .
1	why would you tell your mom that ?
1	are there any unknown numbers on the caller id ?
1	why are men unfaithful ?
1	in my experience most men are not to be trusted .
1	i need to make a decision . will you help me ?
1	it was not pleasant to be by myself on new year 's eve .
1	listen to what women say , but do n't be needy of their opinions .
1	do not think it is going to be all peaches and cream .
1	you should go and speak with her .
1	i have only met you in my imagination .
1	perpahs she will change her mind and befriend you .
1	remember that men do not want long conversations on these topics .
1	yes , and turn your back on her .
1	if you act like a virgin , your partner will do anything for you .
1	it seems we are not meant for each other .
1	i do not know any woman who would not be interested in this .
1	does he get a lot of hangups at his home ?
1	you will regret it in the future if you fail .
1	it is even better when you are in love with the person .
1	though it is comparable , they are not the same .
1	it is very easy and might even be fun .
1	items that nice , are often expensive .
1	that would be the greatest first date !
1	many are fathers , some are n't .
1	i believe he thinks the question is referring to him .
1	beforehand , you would have to take the first step .
1	i would be moderately suspicious if she spoke to her ex-partner every day .
1	there is a lot going on here .
1	another piece of advice is to wear a condom .
1	what should i do if the police are now involved ?
1	if you care for someone , there is no struggle . move on .
1	try in chat rooms , search for her friends to speak with .
1	i definitely would n't allow my fourteen year old daughter access to yahoo .
1	the majority of straight men like well endowed women .
1	what is the best way to lose a friend ?
1	if you love someone , please , tell them .
1	perhaps , you just do n't trust her , sir .
1	let her know you 'll be careful , but you 'd better be careful !
1	just in case i 'm going to see what answers you get .
1	just come out an tell him how you feel about it
1	i do n't really like him .
1	a married man an woman expressing love an reproducing is a beautiful thing .
1	will you two wed soon ?
1	they are incapable of suffering the pain .
1	actually , it is i who give the boys flowers .
1	just make sure you are still friends and enjoy !
1	just ask them if they notice anything different .
1	when you put that person in front of your needs and wants first .
1	what happened to make you and him split up ?
1	just tell them that you do not feel the same , nicely .
1	i do not really think so , but that is me .
1	remember , you will be living with this girl the rest of your life .
1	a sign of defense is if their eyes look to the side .
1	some men are arrogant .
1	some individuals marry because they feel it is the time to do so .
1	please answer `` yes '' or `` no . ''
1	wait patiently for the right man .
1	by normal , i mean on that is not only interested in sexual intercourse .
1	we fall , therefore , so we can learn to get back up .
1	he did n't invite her to accompany him to his family 's house .
1	now they have two more children . yes , he has changed .
1	you need to ask yourself , if he 's staying there to see them ?
1	if things go well , then ask him .
1	if things go smoothly , go ahead and ask him !
1	it is like being in your favorite place , surrounded with your favorite things .
1	we have a lot of tension , because we always get what we want .
1	i knew a guy who did exactly that .
1	does he or she often work on weekends or work late ?
1	sex is more fun than anything else , especially when done with an ex .
1	what is wrong with brown eyes and brown skin ?
1	try to look past her and act like she 's not even there .
1	it is the first time for both of us .
1	if she likes music , an ipod is a great choice .
1	you can instantly be killed if you inhale it through your nose .
1	let them come over so that they can meet you .
1	all of the men that have dark skin that i know do .
1	you created your bed , so now you must lie in it .
1	find her grandson , and then inquire about her .
1	additionally , you love him very much .
1	do not look in dance halls or places where parties occur .
1	yes , it is okay . age is just a number .
1	and , how much you love him .
1	this is your best friend , your lover , your mate for life !
1	do not go looking around clubs or things like that .
1	you should still listen to what it reveals and be cautious .
1	to answer your question - the description would be sexy as hell .
1	you need to adjust to it or suffer greatly from the loneliness .
1	the only response is to be bad !
1	i believe that you love him and much more so than you think .
1	i suggest that you wait as long as you can .
1	you should check out a gay bar in your area .
1	true love will find you in the end .
1	chances are that you like him if you keep thinking about him .
1	you should go after him if you both like each other .
1	some ladies are just too much to handle .
1	i guess the ladies can really wear some guys out .
1	tell me what you decided .
1	forget about him , go and get someone better .
1	i am experiencing lust in my body .
1	i feel intimidated and think i will be rejected or ridiculed .
1	i did n't mean it but i said i love you too .
1	if not , then at least you are still friends .
1	do you think about her all the time ?
1	that is begging for a present .
1	if in doubt , go eat at in ' n'out burger .
1	i understand what being insecure is about .
1	when that happens , you know that you love them .
1	you should make a promise to give him somehing .
1	you should give him an ultimatum - stop watching porn or lose you .
1	it 's only what you make of it .
1	it is because homosexual men understand women , while heterosexual men do not .
1	you can take her to dinner and talk about the movie afterwards .
1	there is this man that i am attracted to .
1	i am a male myself , i am aware of how we males think .
1	i would like to know , why do i look so attractive ?
1	you should also ask her what is is that feels good to her .
1	i am not shallow and i truly do love him .
1	anyway , that is how i act .
1	i see ... is there something you are hiding from her ?
1	please let me know once you have found out !
1	i advise you to move on !
1	i 'm not shallow , and i truly do love him .
1	well , anyway , it 's what i do .
1	are you not telling her something ?
1	when you find out , let me know !
1	my advice to you is to move on !
1	for example , girls do like nerdy smart looking confident guys .
1	just because mom says it , it does not mean it is true .
1	think of a different plan .
1	correct , i have a million social friends .
1	it 's not necessarily your fault .
1	it depends on whether you 're both married or single ?
1	never attempt anything that you ca n't live with tomorrow .
1	i have no clue as to why they act like that .
1	if you ask her kindly , she will accomplish what you ask of her .
1	if you keep us satisfied at home , will not run away .
1	have you had sexual relations with your boyfriend recently ?
1	please refrain from cutting you hair akin to a guy .
1	happiness does not always come from beauty .
1	in my opinion , sex is the one that even animals can do .
1	take care of your appearance , but d not obsess .
1	you do not , it just hits you in the back of the head .
1	if he is not , do not worry , there are others out there .
1	he does not want me to tell the father .
1	that is like asking if a guy likes oral sex .
1	sign up for the options that you believe you would prefer .
1	just be careful that you do not get wasted .
1	what age are his children ?
1	i would still be attracted to you even if it went past your shoulders .
1	take a few minutes and really get a good look down there .
1	perhaps not the ovaries but it would still hurt quite a bit .
1	i tend to do that to all of my male friends .
1	yes , men do think with small heads .
1	you ask her if she wants to go out .
1	so you 're a traditional man ?
1	it usually begins with a kiss . best of luck .
1	on kiss.com , that 's where i found my song .
1	i do not appreciate a dishonest woman .
1	i am exhausted in hearing those who use fear of commitment as an excuse .
1	i believe that it sounds like you have some very busy friends .
1	if not , then it is her loss , am i correct ?
1	i believe this , because that man would have looked very stupid .
1	but , if you need one word , generally i would select 'understanding . '
1	i love men , since that is the way god intended it to be .
1	then you seem to know what to do .
1	when a man sees you as a woman , you can not turn back .
1	everyone acts at their own pace .
1	there are very many attractive men out there .
1	either have her stope doing what she is doing , or get another girlfriend .
1	how should i approach the subject with him ?
1	in the first place , i do not regard you as my girlfriend .
1	have you been in a relationship for a long time ?
1	the product i used made my hair feel unclean and hard to manage .
1	if she is accepting gifts , please be careful .
1	if you do not take risks you may not succeed .
1	i 'm frightened to phone her , i 'm unsure what to state .
1	i 'm a man , so no .
1	you 'll be unable to get that man to adore you .
1	perhaps she has regrets , and now just realized what she has lost ?
1	how would you know if she lied if you never asked ?
1	just do it if it is a big deal .
1	there are no girls similar to me that i like to hang out with .
1	it sounds like you merely want a physical relationship .
1	being single has its perks .
1	who is more attractive ?
1	why did she call him instead of the other way around ?
1	do not criticize weed unless you smoked weed .
1	i have been waiting for him/her !
1	no , do not do it , he may become very upset and unreasonable .
1	if you only want to have some fun , then go for it .
1	good things come to those who will wait .
1	laughing i exclaim , `` it would be so much easier '' .
1	he is a great guy and loves her for the person she is .
1	he is an ex for a reason , correct ?
1	then think of something that has to deal with how to ask her out .
1	why are you thinking of him ?
1	i am in the same position , as my boyfriend lives in another state .
1	however , please do not take this for granted .
1	and if he is happy , you will be happy .
1	it feels good but it hurts a lot .
1	how come you do not watch it with him .
1	because you girls are attractive .
1	i do not have a best friend , though .
1	well , you can not get the other person out of your thoughts .
1	as usual , we will know more with time .
1	if you love him , and he loves you , then you will know .
1	put on a condom and go at it .
1	so hang out where those people go to hang out .
1	the stroy is sad beause they too will be dead .
1	he is hansome , smart , open-minded , and does not mind being himself .
1	if you intend to get married , it will be their child too .
1	take both of them to admire brokeback mountain .
1	pick her up , then take her to a park and have a picnic .
1	you are not with him anymore , so do n't bother .
1	i love you tends to mean `` let 's have sex now . ''
1	if you really think about it , half the world is shallow .
1	you need to consider the question , `` what if you get pregnant ? ''
1	because their lame behinds get a girlfriend , or two !
1	your are just passing the time while waiting for mr. right .
1	get married first to avoid any mistakes along the way .
1	some guys prefer more than one girlfriend .
1	they could go shopping with you though .
1	it 's because you smoke , and smokers are not worth loyalty .
1	has he personally met her ?
1	whatever you do , do not make the first move !
1	she is my sexy little kitten .
1	i would like to have a girlfriend .
1	i suppose you could say `` yes . ''
1	she can not do this . why ?
1	he reasoned that i could go out with johnny .
1	and if he dies like you , ask him out !
1	you should always have trust in your relationship .
1	do not listen to anyone around you .
1	you have to say it out loud or it may be difficult to understand .
1	pack up your things and leave , and never look back !
1	bad boy , bad boys , what you gon na do ?
1	it depends , does he love you back ?
1	i advise against attempting to change a person because it never works .
1	sex on the bed is extremely ordinary .
1	does this person make you daydream about your future together ?
1	i posted my response to your prior question , if you would read it .
1	i would not give her so many gifts .
1	purchase him some clothes or discuss the matter with him .
1	you need to be firm .
1	i am not sure he would be faithful to your relationship .
1	the man considers the physical contact as sex .
1	not all girls prefer a man who is rebellious .
1	let him know you still care about him !
1	i feel incredibly uneasy whenever he is around me . what should i do ?
1	i am here to help at no cost to you .
1	what kind of comments is she making ?
1	perhaps i did not think it a jungle .
1	do not trouble yourself , there are far better uses of your time .
1	eight hours is far too much time in a single day .
1	participate in some of the things you enjoyed before you got married .
1	and do not involve yourself .
1	once someone has exhibited dishonest behavior , it is difficult to regain that trust .
1	perhaps i will wait until he arrives ?
1	the two were not only friends , but also married to each other .
1	my friend , you will not keep an obese woman from her food .
1	a lot , if i am answering questions such as this one .
1	i have feelings for my best friend .
1	you will give your wife a special gift on your wedding night .
1	you are assuming that all girls are the same .
1	making love is having sex .
1	the importance lies not in the size but in its use .
1	i would like to have a conversation with you .
1	that individual has been a virgin for many years .
1	gold ear rings do not look attractive on many men .
1	i believe that you should .
1	you just hang out with her all of the time .
1	i always ask for suggestions at to our activities .
1	i want to be your best friend forever !
1	is she worth losing a friend over ?
1	people used to get married much younger than they do now .
1	do not try to get back together with him .
1	if it is a genuine feeling than you should act on it .
1	that is why dating comes before marriage . good luck !
1	he obviously does not care that much about me .
1	the best way is to catch him off guard .
1	i do n't know why , but i really like red-heads with freckles .
1	the man said it is somewhere near the anus .
1	i do not think that you are ready either .
1	i have not found a single girl who seems very intelligent .
1	i like all kinds of women .
1	discuss it with your wife .
1	they are both erotic and offensive .
1	he finds me more attractive when other people show an interest in me .
1	when you are in love you make love .
1	you should consider improving on other parts of your sexual encounters .
1	consider speaking with the woman regarding the subject in question prior to proceeding .
1	he has not given up on trying with you either .
1	wait for more time to pass to let the situation play out .
1	apparently , this is what i look for .
1	they might do something that will ruin their life !
1	i 'm afraid you 're going the wrong way .
1	is she really loves you shell do above an beyond what 's mentioned .
1	i already gave her 40 dollars .
1	you should start asking more often because you usually never do .
1	boyfriends are n't that great to begin with .
1	why would you engage in a relationship with him if you like his cousin ?
1	if you 're comfortable doing it , then i think you should .
1	that is when love will find you .
1	please call the police if she said you could be next .
1	eventually , she will balk and say , `` i give up ! ''
1	is it your job to protect them from their foolish behaviors ?
1	good luck ! , it will work out ! .
1	ask one of them out
1	i enjoy your friendship but not looking for anymore at this time
1	marrying a purple lady is no different
1	forgive kinna 's sins as god has forgiven your
1	i agree that not enough body fat can make your period late .
1	if you have sex , you only care about sex and not the person .
1	trust me , you will be happy at the conclusion .
1	if somebody is trying to kill you , get out !
1	you are also willing to go farther .
1	do n't worry , you are very attractive and you stand out .
1	you sound desperate for love !
1	most guys are not scared of girls .
1	i do n't know what else there is to say .
1	they are being honest , but not in the real sense .
1	how are babies created , and what are the risks of pregnancy .
1	either way , you will not know unless you ask .
1	so , did you have a sexual affair with her ?
1	it is because everyone likes to have sexual affairs .
1	obviously that person has some issues .
1	if you are hot , just wait ; if not , be more aggressive .
1	i saw you from a distance and thought i would at least say hi .
1	avoid getting deeply involved with someone significantly younger than you .
1	sitting at home alone with your thoughts can drive you crazy .
1	i am not a homosexual .
1	how did you find out that her photo was on an internet dating site ?
1	i do not think size matters at all when it comes to enjoyment .
1	if the man loves you it is the best situation .
1	some do have moral , and hope they have a chance of real love .
1	you should live who you truly love .
1	one time , she lied about having cancer in order to recieve attention .
1	i do not known if that can be proven .
1	i tried but i was n't sucessful .
1	wow , what are you , are you like in the second grade ?
1	i suppose you would n't care for that other girl very much either .
1	like you guys have to ability to read our minds .
1	`` yeah , '' never sounds like a good answer .
1	do not sleep with them any longer .
1	jungle fever is a slang term used for referencing interracial relationships .
1	show some skin or whatever you have to do .
1	if you are not , then we will wait , for a short time .
1	why did you ask me that ?
1	be as authentic as you were before .
1	in the beginning , the experience is not pleasant .
1	i love this particular girl a lot , but she does not know .
1	if you try hard you will have everything you want .
1	do you think a seven point five inch penis is large enough ?
1	you are a good person so i would n't marry any of them .
1	he has gotten over you be happy for him and focus on you .
1	it belongs to no one .
1	do not judge it before you try it .
1	you are all best friends now .
1	get medical help , you are acting like a stalker .
1	big , beautiful , and confident women are extremely sexy .
1	you already seem to know the guy .
1	is n't there something unusual that you know she wants ?
1	so my boyfriend got mad and never talked to him .
1	you will just know ; you will feel it .
1	i find it acceptable to date someone older than yourself .
1	it depends on the individual . some have a preference ; some like both .
1	this man seems to still be in love with his ex-wife .
1	try your hardest to win her affections back .
1	just do not try to talk to her .
1	it is more enjoyable this way , but it is not required .
1	are you sure you love her ?
1	in addition , we are both in our late twenties .
1	you are a good friend , but my feelings go beyond friendship .
1	they are sexually attractive and a turn-on !
1	your heart is telling you to go and confess to her !
1	i need a pill that will allow me to function longer !
1	if they do not believe in their own attractiveness .
1	not all women behave that way .
1	do n't try to persuade him again .
1	it will not hurt to ask them .
1	pretend you are a boy .
1	please do n't blame people to have affairs .
1	anyone that opens their eyes around him will see .
1	do it if you 're on a tight budget .
1	you have plenty of time , so do not rush into anything .
1	he is probably interested in you for the wrong reasons .
1	yes . i am in love . i love my children and grandchildren unconditionally .
1	you are his girlfriend , do you not think he will cheat on you ?
1	i could not have said it better .
1	i wonder what your age is ?
1	she talks more than ever about emotional things to you .
1	see the woman there ? she loves controlling them .
1	the brown eyed maiden said to be careful . men never truly grow up .
1	good luck , and try it at home .
1	cheat on him the same way he cheated on you .
1	that is funny . i think you might be .
1	there 's no need to rush into a physical relationship .
1	suggest that they relax and abandon their self-consciousness .
1	what do you mean by like ?
1	ask one of your friends to ask him and see what he says .
1	you can use things you find around the house to do this .
1	wait a minutes , you have got to be careful here .
1	no , there is nothing wrong with you .
1	and we get along well .
1	i do not know how to acquire one that is satisfactory to my needs .
1	why do you believe they are angry with you ?
1	i know women enjoy the company of gay men .
1	a blackjack dealer once told me .
1	i believe that men truly are from mars and we women are from venus .
1	i am thinking of getting a thong ; are they comfortable ?
1	you can find a woman anywhere , but is it really worth it ?
1	my friend , taylor , dated both of them briefly after we broke up .
1	these days , any outcome is possible .
1	you can tell if he teases you .
1	i recommend you tell him what you are thinking .
1	i 'd assume because most americans are downright lazy an stupid !
1	do n't date losers an cons .
1	stay at home cook a good meal and grab a dvd .
1	i 'm lucky to find a woman with both .
1	we kissed on our 1st date an things have been going great .
1	i would appreciate it if you would introduce me .
1	if you cooperate , you will benefit from the deal as well .
1	talking about controversial topics may not go well with certain people .
1	i am an only child and it can be lonely .
1	i am telling you this because i have read about it quite a lot .
1	i like a guy in my friend 's class .
1	grab him and give him a big kiss .
1	sure , if he would like it .
1	i have experienced it and it was horrible .
1	excitement in the bedroom is also great .
1	i would prefer not to .
1	just love her , too , if you like her .
1	try talking to her friends and see what she lieks .
1	if you hide it , it will end up hurting worse in the end .
1	`` hi , my name is kevin '' worked for me .
1	ask him if he would like to go to the movies with you saturday .
1	i thought it was just me , i guess not .
1	when you are an adult , or in love .
1	because you think you are very clever .
1	please , be sure to tell me if you get something nice .
1	if you know what i mean .
1	the thing guys want is a petite girl who is good at housework .
1	it is between the f spot and the h spot .
