alexei fyodorovich karamazov was the third son of fyodor pavlovich karamazov , a landowner in our district who became a celebrity ( and is remembered to this day ) because of the tragic and mysterious end he met exactly thirteen years ago , which will be described in its proper place .
for the moment , i will only say of this landowner ( as they referred to him here , although he spent hardly any time on his land ) that he belonged to a peculiar though widespread human type , the sort of man who is not only wretched and depraved but also muddle-headed—muddle-headed in a way that allows him to pull off all sorts of shady little financial deals and not much else .
fyodor karamazov , for instance , started with next to nothing ; he was just about the lowliest landowner among us , a man who would dash off to dine at other people ’ s tables whenever he was given a chance and who sponged off people as much as he could . yet , at his death , they found that he had a hundred thousand rubles in hard cash .
and with all that , throughout his life he remained one of the most muddle-headed eccentrics in our entire district .
let me repeat : it was not stupidity , for most such eccentrics are really quite intelligent and cunning , and their lack of common sense is of a special kind , a national variety .
he had been married twice and had three sons—the eldest , dmitry , by his first wife , and the other two , ivan and alexei , by the second .
fyodor karamazov ’ s first wife came from a fairly wealthy family of landed gentry—the miusovs—also from our district .
why should a girl with a dowry , a beautiful girl moreover , one of those bright , clever young things who in this generation are no longer rare and who even cropped up occasionally in the last—why should she marry such a worthless freak , as they called him ? i will not really attempt to explain .
but , then , i once knew a young lady of the old , romantic generation who , after several years of secret love for a gentleman whom , please note , she could have peacefully married at any moment she chose , invented insurmountable obstacles for herself and , one stormy night , jumped from a steep , rather cliff-like bank into a fairly deep , rapid river and drowned , all because she fancied herself an ophelia out of shakespeare .
indeed , if the bank , on which she had had her eye for a long time , had been less picturesque or had there simply been a flat bank , it is conceivable that the suicide would never have taken place at all .
this is a true story , and it must be assumed that in the past two or three generations quite a few similar incidents have occurred . in the same way , what adelaida miusov did was undoubtedly an echo of outside influences and also the act of exasperation of a captive mind .
perhaps she was trying to display feminine independence , to rebel against social conventions , against the despotism of her family and relatives , while her ready imagination convinced her , if only for a moment , that fyodor karamazov , despite his reputation as a sponger , was nevertheless one of the boldest and most caustic men of that period of transition toward better things , whereas in reality he was nothing but a nasty buffoon .
the fact that the marriage plans included elopement added piquancy to it , making it more exciting for adelaida . fyodor , at that time , would , of course , have done anything to improve his lowly position , and the opportunity to latch on to a good family and to pocket a dowry was extremely tempting to him .
as for love , there does not seem to have been any , either on the bride ’ s part or , despite her beauty , on karamazov ’ s . this was perhaps a unique case in fyodor karamazov ’ s life , for he was as sensual as a man can be , one who throughout his life was always prepared , at the slightest encouragement , to chase any skirt .
but his wife just happened to be the one woman who did not appeal to him sensually in the least . right after the elopement , adelaida realized that she felt nothing but scorn for her husband .
despite the fact that her family accepted the situation quite soon and gave the runaway bride her dowry , relations between husband and wife became an everlasting succession of quarrels .
as to the little country estate and the quite decent town house that were also part of her dowry , he kept trying desperately to have them transferred to his name by some suitable deed ; he probably would have succeeded because of the loathing and disgust his constant pleading and begging inspired in his wife , because she would do anything to have peace , sick and tired as she was of him ; but luckily adelaida ’ s family intervened in time to put a stop to his greed . people knew that husband and wife often came to actual blows and rumor had it that it was she who beat him , rather than he her .
indeed , adelaida was a hot-tempered , bold , dark , and impatient lady endowed with remarkable physical strength .
finally she eloped with a half-starved tutor , a former divinity student , leaving her husband with their three-year-old boy , mitya . fyodor karamazov immediately installed a regular harem in the house and indulged in the most scandalous drunken debauchery .
but between one orgy and the next , he would drive all over the province complaining tearfully to all and sundry of adelaida ’ s desertion , and revealing on these occasions certain unsavory intimate details of their conjugal life that any other husband would have been ashamed to mention . he even seemed to enjoy—indeed , to feel flattered by—his ridiculous role as a cuckolded husband , for he insisted on describing his own disgrace in minute detail , even embellishing on it .
why , fyodor pavlovich , people remarked , you act as if an honor had been bestowed upon you .
you seem pleased despite your sorrow . many even added that he was delighted to have the role of clown thrust upon him , that he only pretended to be unaware of his ridiculous position in order to make it even funnier .
but who can really tell ?
he finally succeeded in getting on the track of his runaway wife .
it led to petersburg where the poor thing had moved with her divinity student and where she had abandoned herself to a life of complete emancipation . fyodor karamazov immediately busied himself with preparations for the journey to petersburg , and perhaps he would have gone , although he certainly had no idea what he would do there .
but once he had decided to go , he felt that he had a special reason for plunging into a bout of unrestrained drunkenness—to fortify himself for the journey .
and just at that time his in-laws received word that adelaida had died in petersburg .
she died suddenly , in a garret , of typhus according to some , of starvation according to others .
karamazov was drunk when he learned of his wife ’ s death , and some say he exclaimed joyfully , raising his hands to heaven : lord , now let your servant depart in peace . but according to others , he wept , sobbing like a little boy so that people felt sorry for him despite the disgust he aroused in them .
it is quite possible that they all were right , that he rejoiced in his regained freedom and wept for the woman from whom he had been freed , both at once .
in most cases , people , even the most vicious , are much more naive and simple-minded than we assume them to be .
it is , of course , easy to imagine what sort of a father such a man would be , how he would bring up his children .
and he lived up to expectation : he completely and thoroughly neglected his child by adelaida . he did not do so out of any deliberate malice or resentment toward the child ’ s mother , but simply because he forgot all about the little boy .
and while he was pestering people with his tears and self-pitying stories , while he was turning his home into a house of debauchery , a faithful servant of the household , gregory , took the three-year-old mitya into his care . if it hadn ’ t been for gregory , there would have been no one to change the boy ’ s shirt .
moreover , it so happened that the child ’ s relations on his mother ’ s side had also , at first , forgotten his existence .
mitya ’ s grandfather , that is , adelaida ’ s father , mr. miusov , was no longer alive ; his widow , mitya ’ s grandmother , had moved to moscow and was in very poor health ; and , in the meantime , adelaida ’ s sisters had married and moved away . so mitya spent almost a year in gregory ’ s little house in the servants ’ quarters .
and , even if his father had occasionally remembered him ( he could not , after all , have been completely unaware of the child ’ s existence ) , karamazov would have sent his son back to the servants ’ quarters anyway , because a child would have been in the way during the orgies .
but one day a first cousin of adelaida ’ s returned from paris .
peter miusov , who was later to settle abroad permanently , was at that time still a young man , but he was already an exception among the miusovs : he was an enlightened , big-city gentleman , glittering with foreign polish , a european through and through who , later in life , was to become a typical liberal of the ’ s and ’ s .
he met proudhon personally , as well as bakunin , and , toward the end of his wanderings , liked best to tell of his experiences during the three days of the february revolution of which he had witnessed in paris , implying that he himself had taken part in it , just short , perhaps , of manning the barricades .
this was one of the most gratifying recollections of his youth . he was a man of independent means , with an income from an estate of a thousand-odd souls , as property was evaluated in the old days .
no sooner had young peter miusov taken possession of his estate than he started an endless lawsuit against the monastery . it was something about fishing privileges or wood-cutting rights , i ’ m not sure which , but he felt that in suing clericals he was doing his duty as a citizen and an enlightened man .
when miusov heard what had happened to adelaida , whom he , of course , remembered , having even , at one time , taken a special interest in her , and when he learned of mitya ’ s plight , he decided to intervene , although that involved approaching karamazov , whom miusov loathed and despised with all the ardor of youth .
this was the first time that he met fyodor karamazov ; he told him point blank that he wished to take the boy and be responsible for his education .
later , he liked to tell at length what had happened at that meeting , because he felt it revealed a great deal about karamazov ’ s character . when miusov first broached the subject of mitya , the fellow stared at him blankly , as though he could not understand what child miusov was talking about , and he seemed positively taken aback when reminded that he had a young son .
and although miusov ’ s story may have been exaggerated , there was certainly an element of truth in it .
it is a fact that all his life karamazov liked to act the fool and assume all sorts of surprising roles ; he would do so even when he had nothing to gain , indeed , even when it could be positively to his disadvantage , as in this instance .
this is a quirk found in many people , even very clever ones , let alone the likes of fyodor karamazov . miusov at first went about the matter with some zest , and was even appointed mitya ’ s guardian ( jointly with karamazov ) , since the boy had , after all , the small estate and the town house coming to him as his inheritance from his mother .
but , not being tied down by a family of his own , just as soon as he had wound up his business in our town , which consisted of collecting the revenue from his estate , he went dashing off to paris for a long stay . he left the boy in the care of a relative of his , a lady who lived in moscow .
miusov settled in paris for good and lost sight of mitya , his interest in the boy petering out completely after the february revolution , which made such an ineradicable impression on him .
in the meantime , the moscow lady died and mitya passed into the care of one of her married daughters .
i believe he had to change homes for a fourth time soon afterward .
i won ’ t expand on this topic here since i will have a great deal to say later about this first-born son of fyodor karamazov ’ s , but i must supply a few facts right away , without which i could not even begin my novel .
first of all , mitya—that is , dmitry fyodorovich karamazov—was the only one of fyodor pavlovich karamazov ’ s sons who grew up under the impression that , however hard up he might be , he would , when he came of age , come into his inheritance from his mother and that he would then be financially independent .
he was soon demoted to the ranks for fighting a duel , only to be restored to his rank again for gallantry . after this he led a wild , gay life that cost a good deal of money . since , until he came of age , he never received a single kopek from his father , he was deep in debt by the time that day arrived .
it would appear that , even then , dmitry took a dislike to his father . he stayed at the paternal house only a short time , leaving as soon as he had managed to get a very small sum from the old man , together with some vague agreement about sending him the revenue from his estate . it must be noted here that on this occasion dmitry failed to find out from his father what the total worth of his estate was or what income it yielded .
karamazov discovered right away ( and this must be noted too ) that his son had an erroneous and exaggerated notion of his inheritance , and this discovery pleased him for it fitted in with his own schemes .
he realized that the young man was irresponsible , violent , passionate , unruly , impatient , and that he couldn ’ t wait to satisfy all his whims and impulses . and karamazov now knew how to handle dmitry : the fellow could always be placated , at least temporarily , with small handouts .
karamazov proceeded immediately to exploit his son ’ s weakness , putting him off with small sums . this went on for four years until , finally , dmitry lost patience . he made a second appearance in town , this time to force on his father a final settlement of their accounts .
he was quite stunned to hear from karamazov that he had already received , in the many installments , a sum amounting to the value of his estate , that , if anything , it was he who was now in debt to his father , and that , moreover , in view of such and such an agreement which he himself had insisted upon at one point , he had renounced all further claims , etc. , etc . the young man was dumbfounded , accused his father of cheating him , and acted as if he would go out of his mind . it was this confrontation between karamazov and his eldest son that led to the catastrophe which is the subject ( or at least the external plot ) of my first , preliminary novel .
shortly after getting the four-year-old mitya off his hands , fyodor karamazov married a second time .
his second marriage lasted eight years .
he brought back his second wife , sofia , who was a very young girl , from another province , where he had gone to transact some small business affair with a jew who was his partner in the deal .
drunkard and lecher though he was , karamazov was constantly on the lookout for a profitable opportunity to invest some of his capital and , since he was unencumbered by scruples , these ventures were usually quite successful .
sofia was the daughter of an obscure deacon . she lost her parents in early childhood and , having no other relatives , was brought up by a wealthy old lady , the widow of general vorokhov . the old woman was her benefactress and her tormentor .
i don ’ t know the details , but i heard that one day the meek and uncomplaining creature had to be cut down from a rope she had tied to a nail in the storeroom . this shows how hard it was for her to submit to the whims and the constant nagging of the old woman who , although not really wicked , had been made tyrannical and eccentric by sheer idleness .
when fyodor karamazov asked for sofia ’ s hand , mrs. vorokhov made inquiries about him and , consequently , when he reappeared , had him thrown out .
so , as with his first marriage , he asked the girl to elope with him . had sofia known a bit more about his past , she might have turned him down , even in her situation ; but everything had taken place in another province and , besides , what judgment could a sixteen-year-old girl make , when all she felt was that she would rather jump in the river than stay with her benefactress ? this is how the poor thing came to exchange a benefactress for a benefactor .
the general ’ s widow was outraged and refused to give her charge a single kopek , laying a curse on them both instead .
but then , on this occasion , collecting a dowry had not been karamazov ’ s main motive .
although up till then he had been aroused exclusively by the coarser types of feminine good looks , the lecher ’ s imagination was caught now by the striking beauty of this innocent creature and , indeed , by her child-like innocence itself . as he used to say himself later , with a nasty snicker : those innocent eyes of hers slit my soul open like a razor .
in a lecher like fyodor karamazov , of course , it only added new spice to his sensual desires .
he felt that , since he had accepted this wife without dowry , he had every right to treat her without any consideration whatever—she was , he said , indebted to him since he had practically cut her down from a rope .
he took advantage of her phenomenal humility to trample underfoot the most ordinary decencies of marriage , even to the point of bringing loose women into the house and holding orgies in her presence . to indicate how far he went , i will mention that gregory , the dour , stupid , argumentative old servant , who had hated his former mistress adelaida , now took sofia ’ s side , stood up for her , and swore back at his master in a manner that was quite intolerable from a servant ; once he even broke up a party and drove the guests and the women out of the house .
after a while the wretched girl , who had been terrorized since early childhood , broke down , afflicted with a nervous disorder sometimes found in peasant women , who are then called shriekers .
her sickness brought on attacks of hysteria so violent that at times she completely lost her reason .
but this did not prevent her from bearing fyodor karamazov two sons—ivan , in the first year of marriage , and alexei , three years later .
when she died alexei was only just over three , but i know for sure that he remembered his mother all his life , though , of course , as in a dream .
after their mother ’ s death , the fate of the two little boys was a repetition of their older brother mitya ’ s . their father seemed to forget them immediately and they were so completely neglected that , like mitya before them , they ended up in gregory ’ s cottage .
and it was in the servants ’ quarters that the boys were found by the rich and eccentric widow of general vorokhov , their mother ’ s former benefactress .
for the entire eight years of the marriage , she had seethed under the insult she had received , but she had kept herself constantly informed about sofia and knew all about her sad plight , her sickness , and the outrageous situation in which she was caught . when she heard these things , she would comment to her lady companions : it serves her right .
god is making her pay for her ingratitude .
exactly three months after sofia ’ s death , the general ’ s widow suddenly appeared in our town , going straight to mr. karamazov ’ s house .
altogether , she spent only half an hour in town , but the amount she accomplished in that short time was amazing . when she arrived late in the afternoon , fyodor karamazov , whom she had not seen for eight years , came out to meet her in a rather besotted state .
without a word of explanation , she stepped up to him and slapped him , landing two mighty , resounding smacks on his face ; then she caught him by the forelock , pulling it hard three times . then , still without explanation , she went to gregory ’ s cottage where she found the two little boys .
she announced that she was taking the boys away with her and , leading them out just as they were , in their dirty shirts , sat them in her carriage , wrapped them in carriage rugs , and drove away to her own town .
gregory took the slap slavishly , without a word of recrimination , and as he saw the lady off to her carriage , he bowed deeply from the waist , solemnly pronouncing that the lord would reward her for taking the orphans .
and you ’ re a blockhead all the same , the old lady shouted at him as the carriage drove off .
later , after he had thought it over , karamazov decided that it was all in his best interest and he made no difficulties when the general ’ s widow asked his formal consent to her taking charge of the boys ’ education . as to the slaps he had received , he dashed all around the town , telling everyone about the incident himself .
when the general ’ s widow died not long after , she bequeathed a thousand rubles to each boy to be spent exclusively on his education , but sparingly , so that it should last until their coming of age . she added that this sum was more than adequate for children of such a background , but that if anyone felt it was not , let him untie his own purse strings , and so on and so forth .
i didn ’ t read her will myself , but i understand that it was something along these lines , eccentric and very strangely worded .
however , the old woman ’ s principal heir , the marshal of nobility of the province , efim petrovich polenov , turned out to be an extremely honorable man .
he informed fyodor karamazov of the will but realized immediately that such a man would never contribute a kopek to the education of his own children ( although karamazov never refused directly , he always found reasons for delaying his contribution , occasionally even spouting sentimentalities ) .
so polenov decided to take care of the abandoned boys himself , and he grew quite fond of them , particularly of the younger , alexei , who lived for a long time in his house as one of the family . it must be noted right here that if the young karamazovs were indebted to anyone for their upbringing and education , it was above all to this mr. polenov , one of the most generous and honorable men to be found . he kept intact the original thousand left to each boy by the general ’ s widow so that , when they came of age , each of them would receive two thousand rubles , thanks to the accumulated interest .
polenov paid for their upkeep and education out of his own pocket , spending , incidentally , considerably more than a thousand rubles on each boy .
again , i won ’ t give a lengthy account of their childhood and school years , but will only outline the most important facts . of the elder , ivan , i will only say that he grew into a sullen and secretive boy , although by no means a timorous one . i gather that by the time he was ten or so he had become aware that he and his brother were not being brought up in their own home but were , in fact , living on other people ’ s charity , and that there was something about their father that made the very mention of his name a cause for embarrassment .
very early in life , almost in infancy ( at least so some people claimed ) , the boy started to display an uncanny aptitude for learning .
i don ’ t know exactly how it came to pass , but when he was barely thirteen he left polenov ’ s family , being sent to a secondary school in moscow , where he boarded at the house of a celebrated and experienced educator , a boyhood friend of polenov ’ s . later , ivan karamazov liked to say that he had been sent to moscow thanks to mr. polenov ’ s zeal for good works , because polenov had been carried away by the idea that a boy endowed with a genius for learning should be taught by a teacher of genius . however , neither mr. polenov nor the brilliant educator was alive by the time ivan entered the university .
and since polenov had somehow neglected to make the proper arrangements to cut through the usual russian red tape and make the bequests ( now worth more than two thousand rubles each ) quickly available to the boys , ivan could not get the money and had to earn his own living during his first two years at the university .
in any case , the young man did not despair and quickly found work—first tutoring at a few kopeks an hour , then making the rounds of the editorial offices of newspapers , peddling ten-line news items on street incidents or the like that he signed eyewitness . i gather that these items were so originally and strikingly presented that the newspapers were glad to run them . this in itself goes to show the young man ’ s superiority in practical and intellectual matters over the crowd of needy students of both sexes , who night and day swarm through the offices of the moscow and petersburg newspapers and magazines , unable to think up anything more original than to beg for translations from the french or for odd copying jobs .
once ivan karamazov got to know people on the editorial staffs , he kept in touch with them , so that during his last years at the university he was able to publish reviews of books on a variety of specialized subjects , in which he showed considerable talent ; thus he gradually gained a good reputation in literary circles .
however , it was not until quite recently that he succeeded in attracting the attention of a wider circle of readers , and it was one particular incident that made them notice and remember him—and a rather curious incident at that . ivan karamazov had been graduated from the university , had collected his two thousand rubles , and was planning to take a trip abroad , when one of the major newspapers carried a very strange article of his that caught the interest even of non-specialists . the most remarkable thing about it was that the topic seemed to be quite outside ivan ’ s field , since he had specialized in the natural sciences .
the article was devoted to a problem much discussed at the time—the ecclesiastical courts . after examining various opinions that had already been expressed on the subject , ivan presented his own views . the impact was due mostly to the tone and to the unexpectedness of the conclusions .
then , not only secularists but even outright atheists joined in the applause . finally , however , some perspicacious persons decided that the whole article was a hoax , an insolent joke he had played on them all .
i have mentioned this incident because the article and the argument it stirred up even reached our famous monastery , where the matter of the ecclesiastical courts elicited great interest .
they were perplexed by it , and when they noticed the signature under it , their interest increased even further , since the author happened to be a native of our part of the country and a son of that fyodor karamazov . then , in the midst of it all , the author himself suddenly appeared in our town .
i remember the uneasiness that question stirred in me at the time .
this fateful visit of his , which was to trigger off a whole chain of events , remained unclear to me almost to the end .
in general , it was strange that such a cultured , proud , and apparently prudent young man as ivan should come to that scandalous house to join a father who had ignored him all his life , who didn ’ t know him , indeed , hardly remembered that he existed , a father who would most certainly have refused to give him money under any circumstances and who lived in constant dread lest either of his younger sons , ivan or alexei , should one day come and ask him for help . yet the young man came and installed himself in his father ’ s house . he spent one month there , then another , and the two of them seemed to live in perfect agreement .
i was not the only one who was surprised ; many others wondered about it too .
peter miusov , the cousin of karamazov ’ s first wife whom i mentioned earlier , happened to have returned just then from paris , where he had settled for good , and was staying on his estate just outside our town .
i remember that he was the most puzzled of all , once he had made the acquaintance of the young man , who interested him a great deal and with whom he used to exchange sophisticated barbs , although his feelings were often secretly hurt when he was bested in these confrontations .
why , even now he has enough to go abroad . so what can be his motive for coming here ? he certainly didn ’ t come in the hope of getting money out of his father , for it is obvious that nothing in the world would make his father give him any .
nor does he go in for wine and debauchery , and yet old karamazov seems unable to take a step without him . in fact , i ’ ve never seen two men get along so famously ! and they did .
moreover , the young man exercised an obvious influence on his father , who sometimes almost seemed as if he would heed his advice . although he was often his nasty , unbridled self still , his behavior began to improve slightly .
it was only later that we learned that ivan had come , at least partly , at the request of his older brother dmitry , whom he also met and got to know for the first time during this visit to our town .
the two brothers had been corresponding before on an important matter that concerned dmitry more than ivan .
what it was the reader will learn at great length in good time .
let me add that ivan seemed to act as a mediator between his father and his brother dmitry , who by then had completely broken off relations , dmitry even instituting legal proceedings against the old man .
i must emphasize here that this was the very first meeting of the karamazovs , the first time that some members of that strange family had set eyes on each other .
now , karamazov ’ s youngest son , alexei , had been living among us for the past year and we had met him before his brothers .
it is of this brother , alexei , that i find it the most difficult to speak in this introductory part of my narrative , although it is indispensable to do so before i bring him out onto the stage of my novel . i must write an introductory piece about him too , if only to explain a point that may strike my readers as very strange , namely , that my future hero will have to wear the cassock of a novice at his very first appearance .
yes , he had been living at our monastery for a year or so and , indeed , it looked as if he were preparing to spend the rest of his life within its walls .
he was then only twenty ( his brother ivan was twenty-three and their older brother , dmitry , twenty-seven ) .
in my opinion at least , he was not even a mystic . let me tell you my opinion of him right from the start : he was just a boy who very early in life had come to love his fellow men and if he chose to enter a monastery , it was simply because at one point that course had caught his imagination and he had become convinced that it was the ideal way to escape from the darkness of the wicked world , a way that would lead him toward light and love .
this particular way had caught his attention only because he had happened to meet a man who made an overwhelming impression on him—the famous zosima , the elder of our monastery , to whom he had become attached with all the ardor of the first love kindled in his insatiable heart .
i will not deny , however , that he was already rather strange even then , because he had been strange from the cradle .
as i have already mentioned , he was just three when he lost his mother , yet he always remembered how she looked and how she caressed him—just as if she were standing alive before me , he would say . such memories can be preserved ( as everyone knows ) from an even earlier age , even in a two-year-old , but they are like bright spots standing out in the darkness , a tiny lighted fragment of a huge canvas , while the rest of the painting remains faded and dark .
he remembered a certain evening—a quiet , summer evening , an open window , the slanting rays of the setting sun ( the slanting rays were the clearest part of his recollection ) , an icon with a lighted lamp in a corner of the room , and , kneeling before the icon , his mother , sobbing hysterically , screaming and shrieking , clutching him with both hands so tightly that it hurt , praying to the mother of god for him , then holding him away from her toward the icon , as if putting him under the protection of the mother of god .
then , all of a sudden a nanny rushes into the room and snatches him away from his mother in alarm .
alyosha always remembered the way his mother ’ s face had looked at that second ; he described it as both frenzied and beautiful .
but he rarely confided this recollection , and to very few people .
as a child and as a boy , alyosha was rather reserved , one might even say uncommunicative .
he was not distrustful , however , or shy and unsociable , just the opposite , in fact .
his apparently distant behavior was due to a constant inner preoccupation with something strictly personal , something which had nothing to do with other people , but which was so supremely important to him that it made him forget the rest of the world . but he certainly loved people : throughout his life he seemed to believe in people and trust them , and yet no one ever thought him simple-minded or naive . there was something in him ( and it stayed with him all his life ) that made people realize that he refused to sit in judgment on others , that he felt he had no right to , and that , whatever happened , he would never condemn anyone .
he gave the impression that he could witness anything without feeling in the least outraged , although he might be deeply saddened . indeed , even when he was still very young , he reached a point where nothing either shocked or horrified him . so when , at the age of nineteen , chaste and pure , he was faced with the shocking debauchery in his father ’ s house , he would walk away in silence when things became too revolting , but never show the slightest sign of scorn or condemnation .
his father , because earlier in life he had scrounged off other people , had developed a special sensitivity to people ’ s attitudes and was prepared to interpret anything as a personal slur .
yet it was obvious that the old man had come to love his son deeply and sincerely ; in fact , his feelings for alyosha were such as a man like him could never have expected to have for anyone . but then , everybody liked the boy , wherever he went , from his early childhood on . when he found himself in the house of mr. polenov , his guardian and benefactor , the whole household became attached to him as if he were one of the family .
the gift of making people love him was inherent in him ; he gained people ’ s affection directly and effortlessly ; it was part of his nature . and it was the same at school , although one would have thought him the kind of boy to provoke distrust in his comrades , to become the target of their jokes and sometimes even of their hatred .
for instance , he would often become absorbed in his thoughts and , as it were , withdraw from the world . even as a very small boy , he would go off into a quiet corner and read a book . and yet his schoolfellows liked him so much that it can be said that he was the most popular boy in the school all the time he was there .
he was seldom playful or , for that matter , even merry , but a look at him was sufficient to see that there was nothing sullen about him , that on the contrary he was a bright , good-tempered boy . and he never tried to show off to the other boys , perhaps because he was never afraid of anyone . yet the boys felt right away that he was in no way proud of his fearlessness , that it never even occurred to him that he was fearless or bold .
an hour later , he would answer the offender or speak to him himself , with a trustful , friendly look , as if nothing had happened .
and it wasn ’ t that he had forgotten or , having thought it over , had decided to forgive the insult ; it was simply that he no longer felt offended . it was this trait that won all the boys over to him and made them love him . he had , however , one peculiarity that , throughout his school years , incited his comrades to tease him , not because they were mean but just because they found it funny : this was a fierce , frantic modesty and chastity .
he could not bear to hear dirty words or a certain type of talk about women .
unfortunately , though , such words and such talk are inevitable at school . boys pure at heart , mere children , often whisper in class or even say certain things aloud and describe certain scenes that even soldiers would hesitate to mention . for one thing , there is much that soldiers do not know or understand that is quite familiar to very young boys in our intellectual and upper classes .
in this there can hardly be moral depravity or perverted inner cynicism as yet , but there is that outward cynicism which they consider truly refined and subtle , something daring and worthy of emulation .
when the other boys realized that alyosha karamazov stopped up his ears as soon as they started talking about those things , they would crowd around him , tear his hands away , and scream obscenities into his ears , while alyosha tried to break away , throwing himself onto the ground , trying desperately to cover his ears with his hands , struggling without a word , bearing it all in complete silence .
in the end , however , they left him in peace and stopped calling him little girl , at most feeling a little sorry for him for being so peculiar in that respect .
i must mention , by the way , that although academically alyosha was always among the top students , he was never actually the first in his class .
when polenov died , alyosha still had two years to go at the secondary school of our province .
very shortly after losing her husband , the inconsolable widow took all her daughters ( they had no sons ) on a long trip to italy , sending alyosha to live with two ladies who were distant relatives of mr. polenov ’ s . alyosha , who had never seen them before , did not know what the financial arrangements were .
this was another trait that was very characteristic of him—he never cared whose money he lived on . in this respect , he was a striking contrast to his brother ivan , who worked hard to support himself during his first two years at the university rather than ask for help , and who had been painfully aware , ever since his childhood , of living on the charity of strangers .
i do not think alyosha should be judged too severely on this account , however , for he was quite obviously one of those child-like , saintly creatures , who , if he were suddenly to come into a large fortune , would think nothing of giving it all away to some good cause , or simply to the first clever rascal who asked for it .
in general , he did not seem to know the value of money . i do not mean that literally of course , but when he was given pocket money ( for which he never asked ) , he either kept it for weeks on end without knowing what to do with it , or spent it at once on anything .
alyosha , miusov declared , may be the only man in the world who , if left all by himself in the middle of a strange city inhabited by a million unknown people , would never suffer from cold or hunger . for he would immediately be offered food and shelter ; and if no one offered him anything , he would find everything he needed right away himself , and it would cost him no effort , nor make him feel in the least humiliated , nor , for that matter , would he be imposing himself on others ; just the contrary , they would all be only too happy to do things for him .
alyosha did not finish school . when he was still a year away from graduation he told the ladies he lived with that he had to go and see his father to discuss an idea that had occurred to him .
the two ladies , who were sorry to lose him , tried in vain to persuade him to stay .
since it was not an expensive journey , he planned to pay for it by pawning his watch , a parting gift from mrs. polenov , but the two ladies wouldn ’ t hear of it .
alyosha , however , returned half the money , assuring them that he preferred to travel third class .
when he first arrived in our town , his father questioned him suspiciously , trying to find out just what had brought him here before he had finished school .
instead of answering , alyosha plunged into his private thoughts , as he so often did . it soon became clear that he was seeking his mother ’ s grave , and he himself practically confirmed that this had been his real reason for coming .
but it can hardly have been the only reason . most likely , at that time he did not really know himself why he had come , not being quite sure what it was that was driving him : a peculiar yearning had arisen in his heart , drawing him irresistibly into a new , unknown , but by then inevitable course .
mr. karamazov was unable to show his son where he had buried his second wife for , once the coffin had been lowered into the earth , he had never returned to visit her grave and , since that had been many years before , he had entirely forgotten where the grave was . moreover , mr. karamazov had been away from our town for a long time .
three or four years after his second wife ’ s death , he had gone to the south of russia , ending up in odessa where he stayed for several years .
there he came across lots of yids of all shapes and sizes , as he put it , and even got to know not only yids but respectable jews as well . it was probably during this period of his life that he developed a special knack for making money and holding on to it .
he had returned to our town to stay only about three years before alyosha came . those who had known him before found him terribly aged , although he was still by no means an old man .
his behavior was somehow different , too : it wasn ’ t that he ’ d become more dignified , but he was more self-assured , even insolent .
this former buffoon , for instance , now took an impudent delight in making buffoons of others . but his depravity with women was as bad as ever , if anything , worse .
it looked as if he was worth a hundred thousand rubles or close to it .
many people in town and throughout the district started borrowing money from him , on good security , of course .
of late , however , he had looked rather bloated and seemed to be losing his hold on himself .
he had even slipped into a sort of light-headedness .
he was unable to keep his mind on any one thing , but would skip off onto something else .
he would become confused , and more and more often he drank himself into a stupor .
if it hadn ’ t been for that same servant gregory , who looked after him almost like a nanny , and who had also aged considerably , karamazov might not even have survived .
alyosha ’ s arrival seemed to restore some of his mental vigor , and even to stir up a scrap of decency that had been buried somewhere in this prematurely aged man .
you know what ?
i know , i know , just the shadows of hooks .
and how do you know , my dear boy , that there are no hooks ?
we ’ ll see what tune you sing after you ’ ve spent a while with those monks .
still , while you ’ re there , try to find out the truth , and when you do , come and tell me what ’ s what .
besides , it will be more seemly for you to live in the monastery than to stay here with an old drunkard like me , and with all these sluts , though nothing could sully you , clean angel that you are .
well , i trust there ’ ll be nothing to sully you there either and that ’ s why i ’ m letting you go .
why , devils haven ’ t eaten your brains , after all , and if you ’ re all afire to go there now , it ’ ll burn off in good time , cool off .
you ’ ll get over it and come back to me .
and i ’ ll be waiting for you here , because i know you ’ re the only person on earth who hasn ’ t condemned me—i feel it . i can ’ t help feeling it !
and he even wept .
he was sentimental .
he was wicked and sentimental .
the reader may imagine , perhaps , that my young man was sickly , exalted , a poor physical specimen , an undersized , puny , pale , and consumptive dreamer .
just the opposite was true : alyosha was then the picture of health , a sturdy , red-cheeked , clear-eyed nineteen-year-old boy .
he was very handsome , too , and slender , above average height , with dark-brown hair , a regular although rather long face , and shiny dark-gray wide-set eyes , which gave him a thoughtful and serene look .
of course , nothing prevents a mystic or a fanatic from having red cheeks .
but be that as it may , i think alyosha was more of a realist than anyone i know .
of course , when he was in the monastery he believed entirely in miracles , but i don ’ t think that miracles ever confound a realist .
nor is it miracles that bring a realist to religion .
if he is an unbeliever , a true realist will always find the strength and ability not to believe in a miracle , and if he is confronted with a miracle as an irrefutable fact , he will rather disbelieve his own senses than accept that fact .
or he may concede the fact and explain it away as a natural phenomenon until then unknown .
in a realist , it is not miracles that generate faith , but faith that generates miracles .
once a realist becomes a believer , however , his very realism will make him accept the existence of miracles .
the apostle thomas said he would not believe until he saw , and when he saw , he said : my lord and my god !
was it a miracle that made him believe ?
he believed only because he wanted to believe , and possibly he already believed in the secret recesses of his being while he was saying , except i shall see , i will not believe .
some may say that alyosha was not too bright , rather uneducated , had not even finished school , and so on .
it is true that he had not finished school , but it would be doing him a great injustice to say that he was obtuse or stupid .
i shall simply repeat here what i have said before : he chose the course he did only because it struck him at that particular moment as the ideal course for his soul , which longed to escape from darkness into light .
it must be added that , in a way , he was indeed a member of our younger generation , which means that he was honest , that he believed in , demanded , and searched for truth ; that , because he believed in it , he yearned to serve it and give it his whole strength ; he was spoiling for immediate action , was prepared to sacrifice everything , his life itself , in an act of supreme devotion . unfortunately , these young men often fail to understand that the sacrifice of their lives may be the easiest of all sacrifices , much easier , for instance , than giving up five or six years of their seething youth to hard study , to the acquisition of knowledge which would increase their strength tenfold in the service of that same cause , and in the performance of the great works they aspire to .
alyosha chose a course opposite to that of the majority , although he felt the same yearning for action and sacrifice as the others .
once , having given it serious thought , he had become convinced of the existence of god and immortality , it was natural for him to say to himself : i want to live to achieve immortality and will accept no compromise .
if by chance he had become convinced that god and immortality did not exist , he would immediately have joined the ranks of the atheists and socialists ( for socialism is not just a question of labor organization ; it is above all an atheistic phenomenon , the modern manifestation of atheism , one more tower of babel built without god , not in order to reach out toward heaven from earth , but to bring heaven down to earth ) .
once he had decided , alyosha would have félt it strange , even impossible , to go on living as he had been .
it is written : if thou wouldst be perfect , go and give up all that thou hast and come and follow me .
so alyosha said to himself : i can not very well just give up a couple of rubles , instead of all that i have , or , instead of obeying the lord ’ s follow me , just attend church .
perhaps there lingered in his mind some early memory of our monastery , to which his mother may have taken him to attend mass .
or perhaps his decision was somehow connected with the slanting rays of the setting sun on the icon before which his crazy mother had held him .
when he first arrived , alyosha had seemed to be pondering deeply about something , perhaps trying to decide whether he would be able to give up all or only a couple of rubles .
this was the elder zosima whom i mentioned earlier . but before i proceed , i should try to explain what an elder in our monasteries is .
first of all , according to the experts , the institution of elder came into existence in our russian monasteries only quite recently , less than a hundred years ago , although it has existed for well over a thousand years throughout the orthodox east , particularly in sinai and on mount athos .
as i understand it , in olden times there were probably elders in russia too , but as the country went through a series of calamities—the tartar invasion , civil wars , and isolation from the orthodox east after the fall of constantinople—the institution fell into disuse and the elders vanished from our monasteries .
they were reintroduced in russia toward the end of the eighteenth century by the great ascetic ( as he was called ) paisii velichkovsky and his followers , but to this day , almost a hundred years later , elders are found in only a very few monasteries and they have occasionally been subjected to persecution as an un-russian innovation .
the institution of elder especially flourished in the famous kozelskaya optina monastery .
who introduced it into our monastery and when i can not say . i only know that there had already been three elders , zosima being the third .
but he was weak and sick and obviously did not have long to live , and no one knew where another would be found to take his place .
this was a crucial problem for our monastery because it had not previously been renowned for anything in particular : it had no saints ’ relics , no miracle-working icons , nor even any glorious traditions connected with the history of russia .
it was only thanks to its elders that it had flourished and its fame spread all over russia ; it was to see and hear our elders that pilgrims from every corner of the country traveled thousands of miles to flock to the monastery .
what precisely is an elder , then ?
an elder is a man who takes your soul and your will into his soul and his will .
once you have chosen your elder , you renounce your own will , you yield it to him in total submission and self-renunciation .
a man who consents to this ordeal , to this terrible apprenticeship , is willing to bear it in the hope that , after a long period of trial , he will conquer himself and achieve a self-mastery that will enable him to finally attain , through a whole life of obedience , complete freedom ( that is , freedom from himself ) and thus avoid the fate of those who reach the end of their lives without ever having found themselves within themselves .
the institution of elder is not an invention based on theory but evolved in the east in more than a thousand years of practice .
the obligations a man contracts toward an elder are quite different from the usual obedience , such as has always existed in russian monasteries .
once accepted by an elder , a disciple must live a life of continual confession , and the bond between the two is indissoluble .
once in the early days of christianity , according to legend , a novice failed to carry out a command imposed on him by his elder and , instead , left his monastery in syria and went to egypt .
there , after many heroic acts of self-abnegation , he underwent torture and died a martyr for his faith .
yet when before burial his coffin stood in a church where he was already venerated as a saint , a strange thing happened : as soon as the deacon began to intone , depart , all ye possessed by the devil , the coffin rose into the air and was hurled out of the church .
and this was repeated three times .
it was only then that they learned that this saint had broken his vow of obedience to his elder and so , despite his great exploits , had to be pardoned by his elder before he could receive christian burial .
one of our russian monks , seeking salvation on mount athos , was suddenly ordered by his elder to leave mount athos , a holy place which he loved and where he had found a peaceful haven for his soul , and first to go on a pilgrimage to jerusalem to worship at the holy shrines , then to return to russia and go north to siberia , because , the elder told him , your place is there and not here .
stunned and filled with despair , the monk went to constantinople , where he begged the ecumenical patriarch to release him from his vow of obedience ; but the patriarch explained that neither he nor any power on earth could ever release him from his vow of obedience , and that only the elder who had imposed the command had the power to rescind it .
thus , in some ways , elders exercise an authority that is boundless beyond understanding . that is why the institution of elder was at first opposed , even condemned , in russian monasteries .
the common people , however , showed tremendous respect for the elders right away . and soon the uneducated and the humble , the rich and the mighty , were flocking from all over russia to see the elders of our monastery , to throw themselves at their feet , to confess their sins , to confide their doubts and torments , to seek guidance and advice .
this caused the opponents of the elders to accuse them , among other things , of arbitrarily and irresponsibly degrading the sacrament of confession , although the continual baring of a novice ’ s or a layman ’ s soul before his elder was quite different from that sacrament .
the institution survived , however , and it is now gradually becoming more common in russian monasteries .
it is also true , though , that this well-tested , thousand-year-old method of spiritual regeneration from slavery to freedom and moral perfection may prove to be a double-edged weapon , for some men , instead of gaining humility and ultimate self-mastery , may acquire the most satanic pride , so that they are fettered rather than free .
the elder , zosima , was about sixty-five . he came from a family of landed gentry , and as a very young man he had been in the army , serving as an officer in the caucasus .
there was a special spiritual quality about him that must have struck alyosha . for his part , the elder also grew very fond of the boy and allowed him to share his cell .
it must be pointed out that , when he was living at the monastery , alyosha was not yet bound by any vow , so that he could come and go as he pleased ; indeed , he could stay away for days on end whenever he wished , and if he wore a cassock it was by his own choice , so as not to stand out among the others—though he obviously also liked wearing a cassock .
it is also quite possible that alyosha ’ s youthful imagination was greatly stirred by zosima ’ s spiritual power and the fame that surrounded him .
many said of the elder that , in accepting all those who had come throughout the years to entrust their souls to him , to seek his guidance and solace , he had heard so many confessions , secrets , and tales of human despair that he had finally acquired an insight so keen that he could guess , from the very first glance at a newcomer , what he would say , what he would ask him , and even what was really tormenting his conscience . often the visitor was surprised , confounded , and even frightened on finding that the elder knew his secret before he had even uttered a word .
alyosha also noticed that almost all who came to zosima for the first time were filled with fear and apprehension as they entered the cell to face him alone , but that almost without exception they left smiling and serene ; even the gloomiest faces emerged beaming with joy .
alyosha noted with particular interest that the elder zosima was in no way severe , but , if anything , was always rather cheerful .
the monks said that he was particularly warm toward the worst sinners and that the greater a man ’ s sins the greater was the elder ’ s love for him .
even toward the end of zosima ’ s life , there were monks who hated and envied him , but there were fewer and fewer of them , and they kept their feelings to themselves , although some occupied important positions in the monastery . such was one of the oldest monks , a man famous for the strictness of his fasts and for his long periods of silence .
but without doubt the overwhelming majority of the monks were on zosima ’ s side , and many of them loved him deeply and sincerely .
some were almost fanatically devoted to him and said , although not quite openly , that zosima was a saint , that there could be no doubt about it . and , as his end was drawing near , they expected it to be followed almost at once by miracles that would shortly bring even greater glory to the monastery .
alyosha was one of those who had unquestioning faith in zosima ’ s miraculous powers , as unquestioning as his acceptance of the story about the coffin that flew out of church by itself .
he saw many who came with sick children or relatives to beg the elder to lay his hands on them and pray for them , and who returned , some the very next day , and , the tears running down their cheeks , prostrated themselves before the elder , thanking him for healing the sick .
the question of whether this was miraculous healing or natural recovery never even occurred to alyosha , for he had complete faith in the spiritual power of his teacher , whose glory he felt as his own personal triumph .
he felt a special tremor in his heart and he radiated joy when the elder went out to the gates of the monastery to meet a group of humble folk who had flocked there from all over russia to see him and ask for his blessing . they prostrated themselves before him , wept , kissed his feet and the earth on which he stood ; wailing peasant women held up their children and led sick and hysterical village girls to him .
the elder spoke to them , said a short prayer , blessed them , and sent them away in peace . later , though , he was so weak after his bouts of illness that he hardly had the strength to leave his cell , and there were times when pilgrims had to wait several days for him to appear .
alyosha never felt the least surprise that all these people should love the elder , that they should prostrate themselves before him , weeping with emotion at the mere sight of his face .
oh , he understood very well that for the meek soul of a simple russian , exhausted by grief and hardship and , above all , by constant injustice and sin , his own or the world ’ s , there was no stronger need than to find a holy shrine or a saint to prostrate himself before and to worship .
even though sin and injustice and temptation are all around us , we know that there is on this earth a holy man , a saint who is just and knows the truth , and this means that truth and justice have not vanished from the earth and so will come to us too and rule over all the world , as has been promised .
this , he knew with his reason , but that zosima was such a saint , a guardian of divine justice—that was something alyosha never doubted , something that he felt spontaneously , like all the weeping peasants and the sick women who held their children up to the elder .
and the conviction that , after his death , zosima would confer great glory on the monastery was , perhaps , stronger in alyosha than in anyone else at the monastery .
indeed , a strange , profound , overwhelming ecstasy had burned in him more and more powerfully of late .
then all men will be saints and will love one another , and there will be no poor and no rich , no mighty and no humiliated—all will be the children of god and the true kingdom of christ will come .
this is what alyosha felt in his heart .
the arrival of his brothers , whom , before this , he had not known at all , seemed to make a tremendous impression on alyosha .
he got to know his half brother dmitry more quickly than his brother ivan and felt closer to him , although dmitry arrived later . alyosha was very eager to get to know ivan , but although his brother had been in town for two whole months and they saw each other quite often , they still seemed unable to really make friends . alyosha himself was silent and reserved ; he seemed a little embarrassed and as if he were expecting something from his brother , and ivan , although at first alyosha felt his long and scrutinizing looks resting upon him , soon appeared to lose all interest in him .
alyosha , who was rather taken aback by this change , ascribed his brother ’ s distant attitude to the difference in their ages and , above all , in their education .
but at times he also suspected that ivan ’ s lack of interest and sympathy might be due to other causes about which he knew nothing . he somehow felt that ivan was absorbed in something within himself , something very important , that he was pursuing some goal , perhaps a very difficult goal , which simply left no room for alyosha in his thoughts , and that this explained why he looked at him so absentmindedly . alyosha also wondered whether the cultured atheist might not feel some contempt for a silly novice .
he knew very well that his brother was an atheist and could not possibly take offense at his brother ’ s contempt , if contempt there was ; yet he was in a state of acute discomfort , for which he himself could not account , as he waited for his brother to deign to come closer to him . dmitry , the oldest brother , showed tremendous respect for ivan and spoke of him with strange emotion .
it was from dmitry that alyosha learned the details of the important matters that had linked the two older brothers so closely and so strangely . dmitry ’ s enthusiastic admiration for ivan struck alyosha even more forcefully since , compared with ivan , he was almost entirely uneducated , and the two offered such a remarkable contrast in character and personality that it was hard to imagine two men more unlike .
it was at this time that a meeting , or shall we call it a gathering , of the members of this ill-assorted family took place in the elder ’ s cell , a gathering that was to deeply affect alyosha .
by then , the dispute between dmitry karamazov and his father over the inheritance and their financial dealings had reached an impasse , and their relations had become untenable .
mr. karamazov seems to have first suggested , and that in a jocular tone , that all the karamazovs gather in the elder ’ s cell ; without asking for zosima ’ s direct arbitration , he felt , they could still discuss the matter more decently in the venerable presence of the elder , which might inspire respect and have a reconciliatory effect on them .
dmitry , who had never visited the elder , indeed had never set eyes on him , thought that zosima was being used to intimidate him ; but , since he secretly felt a little guilty about some of the things he had said to his father during their arguments , he accepted the challenge .
( it must be noted that , unlike ivan , dmitry was not living with his father , but was staying in a house at the opposite end of town . ) peter miusov , who was in town , turned out to be particularly eager that mr. karamazov ’ s suggestion should be taken up . a typical liberal of the ’ s and ’ s , this free-thinker and atheist took a very active interest in the business , perhaps out of boredom or perhaps just to have a little light-hearted fun .
he was suddenly eager to have a look at the monastery and at that holy man .
his lawsuit against the monastery was still dragging on and his claims over the property boundaries and the fishing and wood-cutting rights were still unsettled , so he announced that he wished to see the father superior to try and reach an amicable settlement with him .
he obviously felt that a man visiting the monastery with such laudable intentions would be received and treated with much greater consideration than an ordinary visitor who had come out of mere curiosity . he thought all these considerations might bring pressure to bear upon the elder from within the monastery . because of his sickness , the elder had hardly left his cell at all of late and he had been unable to see even his regular visitors .
in the end , however , he consented to receive them , and the day was fixed .
i wonder who has set me up as judge over them , was all he said , smiling at alyosha .
when alyosha first heard of the planned gathering , he was very perturbed .
he realized that , of all the contending parties , only dmitry would take the whole thing seriously , while the others would come to the meeting out of motives that were frivolous and perhaps insulting to the elder .
ivan and miusov would come out of curiosity , perhaps of the crudest sort , and his father might very easily be planning some piece of buffoonery which would turn the whole thing into a farce .
oh , although he did not talk much , alyosha knew his father well , for , i must repeat , he was not at all the uncomplicated lad that many people supposed .
so it was with a heavy heart that he awaited the day . he was , of course , very anxious that the quarrels within his family should be brought to an end , but he was even more concerned about the elder . he was full of anxiety for him , for his reputation , and , as he imagined the meeting to himself beforehand , he particularly feared miusov ’ s subtle and urbane sarcasms and the learned ivan ’ s haughty insinuations .
he even thought of warning the elder about these visitors , but he decided not to and kept silent . he only sent dmitry word the day before , through a friend , that he was very fond of him and expected him to keep his promise . dmitry was puzzled , for he could not think what he had promised alyosha , but he answered by letter that he would do his best not to lose his temper in the event of some despicable trick and that , although he had great respect for the elder and for ivan , he felt certain that some trap was being laid for him or that the whole thing was a farce .
nevertheless , i ’ ll swallow my tongue rather than offend the venerable old man whom you respect so highly , he said in concluding the letter .
alyosha hardly found this reassuring .
it was a beautiful , clear , warm day in late august .
the elder was to receive them at about half-past eleven , immediately after late mass .
our visitors did not attend the service , but arrived just as it was over .
the first , an elegant barouche drawn by two fine horses , brought peter miusov and a distant relative , peter kalganov . he was a young man of twenty or so , who was preparing to enter the university , but miusov , with whom , for some reason , he was living for the moment , was trying to persuade him to accompany him abroad , to attend the university in either zurich or jena and obtain his degree there .
he seemed absorbed in his thoughts and rather absentminded .
he had a pleasant face , was well built and quite tall .
at times , there was a strange fixity in his gaze : like all absent-minded people , he would often stare at you for a long time without seeing you .
he was silent and rather awkward , but sometimes when he was alone with another person , he would suddenly become talkative , effusive , and was liable to burst out laughing quite unaccountably .
he always dressed well , indeed with studied elegance . he had an independent income even then , and had even more sizable expectations .
the second carriage , a jolting but roomy old hired carriage , which was drawn by a pair of sedate , pinkish-gray horses and which kept falling behind miusov ’ s barouche , brought mr. karamazov and his son ivan .
as to dmitry , he was late , although he had been informed in advance of the day and the time they were to meet .
the visitors left their carriages outside the monastery wall , near an inn , and entered the gates on foot .
i do not believe any of them , except mr. karamazov , had ever been in a monastery before , and , as to miusov , it is unlikely that he had seen the inside even of a church for a good thirty years .
he looked around him with a certain curiosity , trying nevertheless to appear quite casual about it all .
but there was nothing there to interest a man of his mentality , except perhaps the architecture of the church and the buildings where the monks lived , though even they were quite ordinary .
the last of the worshippers were coming out of church , bare-headed and crossing themselves .
among the simple people there were a few better-class people—two or three ladies and a very old general , all of whom were staying at the nearby inn .
beggars surrounded our visitors as soon as they appeared , but nobody gave them anything , except for young kalganov who dug a ten-kopek piece out of his purse and , for some reason looking very embarrassed , pushed it hurriedly into one woman ’ s hand , muttering something like to share among you .
none of his companions commented on his act , so there seemed no reason for further embarrassment , but when he became aware of it , he grew even more confused .
it was rather strange , though ; there really should have been someone to receive them , and perhaps even with some esteem : one of them had just recently donated a thousand rubles to the monastery and another was one of the wealthiest landowners in the district ; he was considered one of the best-educated of men , and his decision about the fishing rights on the river could determine the whole course of the litigation . but none of the monastery officials came out to meet them .
miusov gazed abstractedly at the graves in the churchyard and was about to remark that the dead had to pay a very high price for the privilege of being buried in this holy place , but he let it pass , for his usual ironic liberal tone was turning into something like anger . damn it , isn ’ t there anyone to direct us in this chaos ?
he muttered as if talking to himself .
then , all of a sudden a middle-aged , balding gentleman in a loose summer coat walked up to them . he raised his hat and , looking at them ingratiatingly , introduced himself to the whole party in a mellifluous voice .
the elder zosima lives in the hermitage , he lisped .
it ’ s about four hundred yards from the monastery on the other side of that little wood over there .
the only trouble is , we don ’ t quite remember the way—we haven ’ t been here for a long time .
well , you can go through that gate over there and then straight through the wood , straight through .
it ’ s this way , please .
they went through the gate and crossed the little wood with maximov , a man of about sixty , trotting along beside them and examining them with an almost morbid curiosity , his eyes almost starting from his head .
you see , we ’ ve come here on private business , miusov said sternly .
we have been granted what we may call an audience ’ by the person in question and , therefore , grateful though we are to you for showing us the way , we won ’ t be able to invite you to come in with us .
un chevalier parfait !
who is a chevalier ?
that elder is the pride and glory of the monastery .
but his incoherent speech was cut short by a small , cowled monk , pale and haggard , who just then caught up with them .
as mr. karamazov and mr. miusov stopped , the monk bowed almost from the waist and said in a most courteous tone :
after your visit to the hermitage , gentlemen , the father superior invites you to dinner , if possible no later than one o ’ clock .
and then , turning to maximov , he added : and you too , sir .
i will certainly be there !
exclaimed mr. karamazov , delighted at the invitation . i wouldn ’ t miss it for anything . and let me say , we have all promised to behave properly while we ’ re here .
what about you , mr. miusov , are you coming too ?
i came here primarily to study monastery customs , after all .
the only thing that troubles me is that i ’ m here with you , mr. karamazov . but where ’ s dmitry ?
he hasn ’ t shown up yet , mr. karamazov remarked .
please thank the father superior for his invitation , then , he said to the monk . we will be there for dinner .
and i , maximov lisped , will go straight to the father superior ’ s since we ’ ve been invited . the father superior is rather busy just now , the monk said hesitatingly , but , of course , it ’ s up to you , sir .
what an awful bore that old man is , mr. miusov said as maximov trotted off , back toward the monastery .
he reminds me of von sohn , mr. karamazov announced unexpectedly .
in what way is he like von sohn ?
have you ever set eyes on von sohn ? i ’ ve seen his picture .
but i didn ’ t say they looked alike—it ’ s difficult to explain .
this man is just another von sohn .
i can tell simply by looking at him .
well , i suppose you ’ re an expert in these matters . but let me remind you of one thing , mr. karamazov : you said yourself a moment ago that we had promised to behave decently while we are here , and i ’ d like you to remember it .
i warn you—restrain yourself , for if you start playing the fool , i have absolutely no intention of allowing it to reflect on me .
you see what kind of a man he is , miusov said , turning to the monk .
i ’ m quite afraid to visit respectable people with him .
a suspicion of a smile appeared on the wan , bloodless lips of the monk , a hint of sly amusement .
this only deepened miusov ’ s frown as he thought to himself : and to hell with the lot of them—it has taken them centuries to learn to keep that imperturbable face , and underneath they ’ re nothing but a bunch of charlatans .
here is the hermitage at last , mr. karamazov announced , but the gates are shut . and he proceeded to cross himself vigorously before the saints ’ images painted above and beside the gates .
when in rome , do as the romans , he remarked .
altogether there are twenty-five saints busy saving their souls in this hermitage , staring at one another , and eating cabbage .
and the most remarkable thing about it is that not a single woman is allowed through these gates .
but then how can that be , since i ’ ve heard that the elder receives ladies ? he asked suddenly , addressing the monk .
when he ’ s well enough to receive them , the elder reaches those rooms by an inside passage , for they are outside the hermitage wall , sir .
at this moment , for instance , there ’ s a lady waiting for him there with her sick daughter . she ’ s a landowner from kharkov province , mrs. khokhlakov is her name .
i expect he must have promised to come out to her , although recently he has been so weak that he has hardly shown himself even to the poor people .
well , so there is a secret passage from the hermitage to the ladies after all !
but please , holy father , you mustn ’ t think for one moment that i ’ m implying anything—i was just wondering . but on mount athos , you may know perhaps , they keep out not only women but all creatures of the female sex—like hens , turkey hens , cows .
mr. karamazov , please !
if you go on like this , i ’ ll walk out on you , and once i ’ ve left they ’ ll turn you out too , that i can promise you .
but look at that ! karamazov suddenly exclaimed , stepping through the gate onto the hermitage grounds .
although there were no roses in the hermitage garden , there were many rare and beautiful autumn flowers that had been planted wherever there was room for them , and it was clear that they were tended by a skillful hand .
there were also flowerbeds all around the church and between the graves in the churchyard .
the elder ’ s cell was in a small wooden one-story house with a porch before the entrance , which was also surrounded by flowers .
i wonder if it was like this under the previous elder , the elder varsonofy ?
mr. karamazov asked as he walked up the front steps . i understand he didn ’ t go in for refinement and that he even had a propensity for suddenly leaping up and using his stick on persons of the female sex .
the elder varsonofy did at times seem a little strange , the monk said , but many of the stories that are told about him are nonsense .
in any case , he certainly never used a stick on anybody .
and now , gentlemen , i beg you to wait here a minute while i announce you .
for the last time , mr. karamazov , miusov warned him again hurriedly in a threatening whisper , remember your promise to behave—or i ’ ll make you pay for it !
i really can not see why you should be so excited , karamazov replied sarcastically , unless you ’ re worrying about your sins at last ?
why , they say he can tell just by a man ’ s eyes what ’ s troubling him !
and anyway , why should the opinion of these people be so important to you , a parisian and an enlightened gentleman ?
but before miusov could answer this sarcasm , they were asked to come in .
he entered feeling rather irritated .
i ’ m irritated now and i ’ ll start arguing and lose my temper .
just as they entered the cell , the elder appeared , emerging from his bedroom .
two monks from the hermitage were already waiting , the father librarian and father paisii , a sickly man who , although he was not very advanced in years , had a reputation as a great scholar . besides them , a young man of about twenty-two wearing ordinary clothes stood waiting in a corner ( where he remained standing all the time ) .
he was fairly tall , had a fair complexion , prominent cheekbones , and narrow brown eyes that were intelligent and observant .
his bearing was deferential but dignified , without the least subservience .
as if conscious of his subordinate and dependent position , of not being their equal , he did not greet the visitors .
the elder zosima entered accompanied by a novice and by alyosha .
the monks rose , greeted him with bows so deep that their fingers touched the floor , and went up to him , to kiss his hand and receive his blessing .
after he had blessed them , zosima in turn bowed just as deeply , also touching the floor with his fingers , and asked each of them for his blessing .
the whole ceremony was performed very seriously , not like some daily rite but with a real show of feeling .
miusov , however , was convinced that it was all put on to impress the visitors .
he stood in front of the party deliberating ( he had been wondering about it since the day before ) whether he should , despite his ideas , just out of courtesy ( since it was the custom here ) , step forward and ask the elder for his blessing , although he certainly would not kiss his hand . now , seeing all the bowing and hand-kissing of the monks , he made up his mind .
serious and dignified , he went up to the elder , bowed rather deeply by ordinary standards , and moved over to a chair .
mr. karamazov went through exactly the same motions , but exaggerated them , making them seem ridiculous .
ivan also bowed politely and gravely , his hands stiffly at his sides , while kalganov was so embarrassed that he didn ’ t bow at all .
the elder dropped his hand , which he had raised to bless them , bowed to them once more , and invited them to sit down .
alyosha ’ s worst forebodings were coming true ; he was ashamed and the blood rushed to his cheeks .
the elder sat down on a leather-covered mahogany sofa of antique design , while inviting his four visitors to sit on four mahogany chairs covered with badly worn black leather ranged along the opposite wall .
the two monks took chairs on either side of the room—one by the window and the other by the door—while the divinity student , alyosha , and the novice remained standing .
the whole cell was rather small and drab-looking .
it had only the most indispensable furniture , and even that was poor and crude .
there were two pots of flowers on the window sill and , in a corner , many icons , one of them a large picture of the mother of god probably painted long before the schism .
a lamp burned in front of it .
next to it were two icons in shiny settings , and beyond them some carved cherubs , little china eggs , an ivory catholic cross with a mater dolorosa with her arms around it , and a few foreign engravings , copies of the great italian masters of bygone times .
beside these costly , graceful foreign engravings were some rather crude native russian lithographs of saints and martyrs , the kind that could be bought at any local fair for a few kopeks .
on the other walls hung a few portraits of russian bishops , past and present .
miusov made a cursory inspection of all this conventional rubbish , then turned to look intently at the elder .
he rated his own powers of judgment rather highly , a weakness which was excusable in him , since he was already past fifty , an age at which an intelligent , cultured man of the world of independent means acquires an exaggerated opinion of his own judgment , sometimes despite himself .
he disliked the elder at first glance .
indeed , there was something in zosima ’ s face that many besides miusov would have disliked .
he was a short , stooped little man with very weak legs who , because of ill-health , looked at least ten years older than his sixty-five years .
his very thin face was covered with tiny wrinkles , especially around his eyes .
his eyes , small , quick , and shiny , made two bright dots in his face .
he was bald except for some thin gray hair around the temples ; his wedge-shaped beard was very small and scanty , and he had thin , thread-like lips , which formed readily into a smile .
his nose , although it was not really long , was sharp , like the beak of a small bird .
all the signs of a wicked , pettily supercilious nature . flashed through miusov ’ s head .
he was still very annoyed with himself .
a small , cheap wall clock with weights hurriedly struck twelve times , and this helped to get the conversation started .
mr. karamazov cried out . and still no sign of my son dmitry !
i apologize for him , holy elder !
the holy elder actually made alyosha shudder .
i always arrive exactly on time , knowing that punctuality is the courtesy of kings . well , whatever else you may be , you ’ re certainly no king , miusov muttered , unable to contain his irritation .
yes , that ’ s true , i ’ m no king .
i ’ ll even swear to it ! i don ’ t know why , but i always say the wrong thing !
ah , your reverence ! he exclaimed with a sudden pathos .
you have before you a buffoon , a true buffoon—that ’ s how i will introduce myself .
alas , it ’ s an old habit with me !
and if i sometimes talk nonsense , it is actually intentional , to make people laugh , to please them .
one must try to please , mustn ’ t one ?
for instance , about seven years ago , i arrived in a small town where i was trying to set up a little business deal in partnership with some small local businessmen .
of course , we had to see the local ispravnik first to ask a favor of him—you know what i mean—and invite him to dinner .
so we go there , and the ispravnik appears , and he turns out to be a big , fat fellow with blondish hair and an unsmiling face—the most dangerous type in such cases—it ’ s their livers , you see , their livers . well , i turn to him and , with the self-assurance of a man of the world , i say , mr. ispravnik , we ’ ve come to beg you to be our napravnik , if i may say so .
how ’ s that , your napravnik ?
what do you mean by that ?
i could see right away that it hadn ’ t gone over .
i was just trying to make a pun , i said , trying to cheer up the company a little .
that mr. napravnik i was referring to is one of the greatest russian conductors , and it ’ s a sort of conductor that we need for the harmony of our little enterprise .
i thought i had given him a reasonable explanation , and the comparison was to the point too , but he just said , i ’ m an ispravnik and i will not tolerate puns with reference to my official capacity .
wait , i call out to him .
you ’ re an ispravnik and not mr. napravnik .
no , he says , you can not take it back now—i am napravnik .
and , of course , our business deal fell through .
it ’ s always the same with me—i get myself into trouble by being too friendly !
once—it was many , many years ago—i said to a very important man : your wife , sir , i said , is a very ticklish lady , meaning in the sense of honor , of moral qualities , you know , and i never expected him to ask me : what do you know about it ?
have you ever tickled her ?
well , i thought it was an opening for some amiable chit-chat , so i said , why , yes , sir , i must say i have .
well , the fellow gave me quite a tickling then , too !
i can tell it now without shame because it happened so long ago but , in general , i always manage to do myself some harm that way .
like right now , for instance , miusov muttered disgustedly . the elder was looking at the two of them in silence .
well , will you believe me , mr. miusov , if i tell you i was aware of that too and , what ’ s more , as soon as i started to speak , i knew , i somehow felt , that you ’ d be the first to make some remark ?
whenever i realize , your reverence , that my joke isn ’ t succeeding , my cheeks begin to stick to my lower gums , like a sort of cramp . it ’ s happened ever since my youth when i used to be a hanger-on to the local landed gentry , earning my living by being a parasite .
i ’ m a thorough-going buffoon , a born buffoon , which is like being one of god ’ s fools , your reverence . i won ’ t deny , though , that there may be an unholy spirit in me , too , but it must be one of minor rank—if it were more important it would surely have chosen better quarters—but certainly not you , mr. miusov .
i , at least , believe in god .
and if i ’ ve had some doubts of late , they ’ re gone now as i sit here , expecting to hear words of great wisdom .
i , reverend father , am like the philosopher diderot .
you may have heard , holy father , how diderot went to see the metropolitan platon , in the time of the empress catherine .
he marched in and immediately announced : there is no god !
the holy patriarch raised his finger and replied : the fool has said in his heart , there is no god !
and the next thing , diderot was lying at his feet and wailing : i believe .
i want to be baptized !
and so he was baptized then and there , and princess dashkov acted as his godmother and potemkin as his godfather .
this is outrageous !
you know very well you ’ re talking nonsense and that stupid anecdote is quite untrue .
why must you carry on like this ?
miusov said in a shaking voice , feeling that he was losing control over himself .
all my life , i ’ ve suspected it wasn ’ t true !
karamazov cried excitedly .
and now let me tell you the whole truth , gentlemen !
forgive me , oh great elder—i made up that last bit about diderot ’ s being baptized as i was telling the story .
it had never even occurred to me till then .
i invented it to spice things up a bit . that ’ s why i ’ m carrying on , mr. miusov , to be good company , you know , although there are times when i don ’ t really know myself why i do it .
as to the diderot story , i heard the patriarch ’ s reply to him at least twenty times from the landowners in whose houses i spent my youth and , by the way , from your auntie mavra , among others , mr. miusov . to this day , they are all convinced that the atheist diderot went to see the metropolitan platon to argue with him about god .
he had not only lost patience—he didn ’ t seem to know what he was doing . he was seething with rage and was conscious that that made him ridiculous too .
indeed , something quite incredible was taking place in the cell .
until then , for forty or fifty years , the people who had been received there by the elder and his predecessors had come with a feeling of deep reverence .
everyone admitted was conscious of having been granted a great favor ; many knelt the moment they entered and remained kneeling throughout the visit . even the most learned and prominent people , including free-thinkers who came out of curiosity or for some such reason , all felt bound to behave with tact and respect as long as they were in the elder ’ s presence , whether they were received with other visitors or privately . this was especially so because there was no question of money here , but only of love and kindness , on the one hand , and , on the other , penitence or the longing to solve some spiritual problem or resolve a difficult personal crisis .
consequently , karamazov ’ s buffoonery , so disrespectful and out of place , surprised and bewildered at least some of the witnesses to the scene .
the monks , although their expressions did not change , waited tensely to hear what the elder would say , and seemed ready to leap to their feet like miusov . alyosha stood with his head bowed , looking as if he were about to burst into tears .
he was surprised , too , that his brother ivan , the only person there on whom he had relied , and the only person in the world who had an influence on his father and could have stopped him , sat motionless in his chair , his eyes lowered , apparently waiting curiously to see how it would all end , as if he himself were a complete outsider and could not possibly be affected . as to the divinity student , rakitin , whom he knew well , almost intimately , alyosha didn ’ t even dare look at him , for he knew his thoughts ( he was , indeed , the only man in the monastery to know them ) .
please forgive me , miusov said , addressing the elder . i am afraid you may think that i too have a part in this ridiculous farce . i made a mistake in thinking that even a man like fyodor karamazov would understand his obligations when received by a highly respectable person .
it never occurred to me that i would have to apologize merely for having come in his company and .
miusov , too embarrassed to go on , was about to walk out of the room . please don ’ t worry , the elder said . he stood up abruptly on his weak legs , took miusov by both hands , and made him sit down again .
karamazov cried , gripping the arms of his chair with his hands as though he would jump up if he received an unfavorable answer .
you too , sir , please be at ease and rest assured that there is nothing to worry about , the elder said in a firm tone . i want you to feel completely at home and , above all , not to be ashamed of yourself , for that is what causes all the trouble .
you mean be my natural self ? oh , that is too kind , much too kind , but i am deeply moved and i accept your invitation ! but let me warn you , blessed father , do not encourage me to be my natural self .
even i wouldn ’ t dare to let myself go entirely .
i tell you that for your own good .
as for the rest , it is still shrouded in darkness , although there are those who are only too anxious to tell all sorts of stories about me .
as for you , most holy man , allow me only to express my profound admiration ! he stood up and , raising his hands toward the ceiling , declaimed : blessed be the womb that bore thee and the paps that gave thee suck ’ —particularly the paps !
all right , i say to myself , so i ’ ll act like a buffoon . i don ’ t care what they think of me because i really believe that every one of them is even lower than i. yes , that ’ s why i ’ m a buffoon—it ’ s out of shame , as you said , great elder , out of sheer shame ! it ’ s a fact that i misbehave this way because i ’ m oversensitive .
if i could only feel that all the people i met considered me a nice , intelligent fellow , i ’ m sure i ’ d be the kindest of men !
it was hard to tell whether he was still fooling or was now really deeply moved .
the elder looked at him smilingly and said :
you have known for a long time what to do—you are intelligent enough to see it yourself : stop indulging in drunkenness and incontinence of speech , do not give way to sensual lust and particularly to your passion for money . also , close down your taverns ; if you can not close them all , close at least two or three .
and , above all , stop lying .
you mean that story i told about diderot ?
no , i didn ’ t really mean that .
the important thing is to stop lying to yourself .
a man who lies to himself , and believes his own lies , becomes unable to recognize truth , either in himself or in anyone else , and he ends up losing respect for himself as well as for others .
when he has no respect for anyone , he can no longer love and , in order to divert himself , having no love in him , he yields to his impulses , indulges in the lowest forms of pleasure , and behaves in the end like an animal , in satisfying his vices . and it all comes from lying—lying to others and to yourself .
a man who lies to himself , for instance , can take offense whenever he wishes , for there are times when it is rather pleasant to feel wronged—don ’ t you agree ?
so a man may know very well that no one has offended him , and may invent an offense , lie just for the beauty of it , or exaggerate what someone said to create a situation , making a mountain out of a molehill . and although he is well aware of it himself , he nevertheless does feel offended because he enjoys doing so , derives great pleasure from it , and so he comes to feel real hostility toward the imaginary offender .
blessed man , allow me to kiss your hand ! karamazov exclaimed , leaping to his feet , snatching the elder ’ s wizened hand , and hurriedly planting a loud kiss on it .
i ’ ve never heard it put so well before .
i have , indeed , been taking offense all my life because i enjoyed it and felt it was beautiful . it is not only pleasurable , it is also esthetically satisfying to feel offended .
yes , that is something you left out , great elder—the beauty of it .
i must make a note of it !
it is a fact that i have lied all my life , every day and every hour .
in truth , i am a living lie , the father of lies .
no , wait a minute , not the father of lies—i always get my quotations mixed up—well , let ’ s say the son , and that ’ s good enough .
diderot can do no harm , but sometimes a word can cause a lot of trouble .
ah , i almost forgot , great elder—for two years i ’ ve been determined to come here to consult you about something special . but first , perhaps you ’ d better warn mr. miusov not to interrupt me .
here ’ s what i wanted to ask you : is it true , holy father , as it says somewhere in the lives of the saints , that one holy miracle worker who suffered martyrdom for his faith stood up , after they had beheaded him , picked up his head , kissed it affectionately , and walked for a long time , carrying it in his hands and kissing it affectionately .
is that story true ?
no , it isn ’ t true , the elder said .
there ’ s nothing of the sort in the lives of the saints , said the father librarian . about which saint is it supposed to be written ?
i don ’ t know myself .
haven ’ t the slightest idea .
i was just told the story , misled . and shall i tell you who told me ?
all right—it was mr. miusov here , who just now was so furious about diderot .
it was he who told it to me .
when i was in paris , a frenchman told me it was from the lives of the saints and that they read it in russia in the mass .
he was a very learned man who was making a statistical study of russia .
he had spent a long time in this country . as for me , i ’ ve never read the lives of the saints , nor do i intend to .
so you ate your dinner and , as a result , i lost my faith that day , karamazov said , still taunting him .
much i care about your faith !
miusov was ready to shout at him but then , containing himself , he said scornfully : you defile everything you touch .
the elder rose abruptly from his sofa :
i hope you will excuse me , gentlemen , if i leave you—just for a few minutes , he said , addressing everyone present . some people who were here even before you arrived are waiting for me .
and you , he said , looking cheerfully at karamazov , see if you can manage without lying .
as he started out of the cell , alyosha and the novice hurried over to help him down the steps .
alyosha , who had been standing holding his breath , was very glad to be out of there , but he was also relieved that the elder didn ’ t seem at all offended and was cheerful as usual . the elder was about to leave the cell to bless those who were waiting for him , but karamazov stopped him in the doorway :
allow me to kiss your hand once more ! i see i can talk to you , i can get along with you .
perhaps you think i always lie like this and play the clown ?
well , i want you to know that i was deliberately testing you—i wanted to find out if it was possible to get along with you , whether there was room for my humility next to your pride .
so let me give you a certificate of good character : it is indeed possible to get along with you !
and now i ’ ll remain silent the rest of the time .
i ’ ll sit in my chair and i won ’ t say one word .
you will be the most important person here for the next ten minutes . a score of visitors , this time all peasant women , were waiting below by the gallery built outside the hermitage wall .
mrs. khokhlakov and her daughter had also come out into the gallery to wait for the elder , but in the part reserved for ladies .
mrs. khokhlakov , a wealthy woman , always tastefully dressed , was still young and very pretty ; she was rather pale , with very lively , almost black eyes .
she was no more than thirty-three and had been a widow for five years .
her fourteen-year-old daughter , whose legs were paralyzed , had been unable to walk for six months and had to be pushed around in a wheel-chair . she had a charming face , a little emaciated by sickness , but cheerful .
there was a mischievous sparkle in the big dark eyes behind her long lashes .
her mother had planned to take her abroad in the spring , but they had been detained throughout the summer by urgent business on the estate .
they had been in our town for a week already , having come on business rather than for devotions . nevertheless , they had already been to see zosima three days before .
and now , although they knew that the elder could receive hardly any visitors , they had come back , begging for one more chance to see the great healer .
the mother sat in a chair next to her daughter ’ s wheelchair and near her stood an old monk .
he also sought the elder ’ s blessing .
but when the elder appeared in the gallery , he didn ’ t stop but went straight down to the peasant women crowded around the three steps by the entrance .
the elder stood on the top step , put on his stole , and began blessing the women as they pressed close to him .
a crazy village girl was dragged toward him by both hands .
as soon as she saw the elder , she let out strange shrieks , was seized by violent hiccoughs , and shook as if in convulsions . zosima , placing the stole on her head , said a brief prayer , and the girl immediately quieted down .
i do not know what it is like now , but when i was a boy i often saw and heard such crazy , wailing women , in the villages or at monasteries .
when they were brought to mass , they shrieked , or barked like dogs , their cries filling the church .
as a child , i was greatly surprised by this .
but then the neighboring gentry and especially my teachers , who came from town , told me the women were malingering to avoid work , and that proper firmness would cure them once and for all . they told me a number of stories to prove the point .
later , however , specialists told me that it was not a sham at all , that it was a terrible female disease , particularly widespread in russia ( which shows what a hard life russian peasant women have ) , a sickness resulting from exhausting work following too soon upon a difficult , abnormal labor without medical help , and from an intensely unhappy life , full of brutality and ill-treatment , which , although common enough , is beyond the powers of endurance of some women . the strange and immediate healing effect of the host on these crazy women , which was dismissed as shamming or even as a trick of the clerics , can probably be explained quite simply by the fact that the women who lead such a woman forward , and above all the sick woman herself , are absolutely convinced that the evil spirit that has entered her will have to leave her body when she is led to the host and made to bow down before it .
and so the overwrought and mentally sick woman always experiences ( and can not help experiencing ) a violent shock throughout her entire body at the moment when she bends over the host , a shock produced by her complete faith in the forthcoming miraculous cure . and the miraculous cure is certain to occur , even if it lasts for only a moment .
that is what happened now , as soon as the elder covered the hysterical girl with his stole .
many of the women standing near him wept in ecstasy and exultation , some pressed forward to kiss the hem of his robe , others intoned prayers .
he blessed each one of them , speaking to some .
he already knew the sick girl—she came from a village only five miles from the monastery and had been brought to him on several previous occasions . here ’ s one from far away !
he said , indicating a woman who , though still young , was thin and haggard , and whose face seemed more blackened than suntanned .
she was kneeling , her eyes fixed on zosima .
there was something frenzied in her look .
from far away , holy father , from far away , she answered in a sing-song , her head swaying rhythmically from side to side , her face in her hands .
there is among peasants a dumb and long-suffering grief that is bottled up inside them and stifled .
but there is also a grief that bursts out , first in sobs , then in wailing—fits of wailing .
but it is no easier to bear than the silent grief .
the wailing only assuages by further lacerating and exasperating the heart . such grief does not seek consolation but feeds on an awareness of its hopelessness .
the wailing simply satisfies the constant need to irritate the wound .
we live in town now , father .
i came to see you , father , because we ’ d heard so much about you , so much .
i buried my baby son and then i set out—to pray for him . i went to three monasteries and they told me , go there too , nastya , go and pray there too , meaning this monastery , that is .
i arrived yesterday and i went to church , and today i ’ ve come to see you .
and why , exactly , are you weeping ?
i ’ m sad about my little boy , father . he would have been three in two months .
i miss my little son , my sweet baby , my last . we had four , nikita and i , but we can ’ t seem to keep them , our little ones , they just won ’ t stay , dear father , they just won ’ t .
when i buried the three older ones , i didn ’ t grieve too much for them , but this last one—i can ’ t get him out of my head .
it ’ s just like he ’ s standing here , right in front of my eyes , and never leaves me .
just looking at his little shirt or his tiny shoes starts me wailing . i put out his things that are left , all of them , and i look at them and wail .
so i say to my husband : let me go , nikita , let me go on a pilgrimage to pray , to god .
he is a coachman , my nikita , and we aren ’ t poor , father , we own the carriage and the horses ourselves .
but what ’ s the good of it all now ?
and i ’ m sure my nikita has taken to drink without me . i know he has , because even before he ’ d indulge whenever i turned my back .
but i can ’ t even think about him now .
i ’ ve been away from home more than two months .
i ’ ve forgotten everything .
no , i ’ m through with him , through with everybody .
i don ’ t want to set eyes on our house anymore or on our things , i don ’ t want to see any of it again . let me tell you something , mother , the elder said .
once , in ancient times , in a church , a great saint saw a woman just like you , weeping for her baby , her only one , whom god had also taken .
don ’ t you know , the saint said to the woman , how bold these little ones are before the throne of the lord ?
no one in the kingdom of heaven is bolder than they are . you gave us the gift of life , they say to the lord , but as soon as we beheld it you took it back from us .
and they ask and demand so boldly that the lord at once gives them the rank of angel . and so , the saint told the woman , you must rejoice instead of weeping , mother , because your little one is now with the lord among the angels .
that ’ s what the saint told the weeping woman , long , long ago .
and he was a great saint and can not have told her an untruth .
so you too must know that your child stands before the throne of the lord , rejoicing and happy , and prays to god for you .
and so you , too , weep but rejoice .
the woman listened to him , her eyes cast down , one cheek resting on her hand .
that ’ s just what my nikita tried to tell me—word for word what you have said , father : why are you crying , you fool ?
our little boy must be with the lord now , singing with the angels .
but as he says it , i see he ’ s crying himself .
i know that , nikita , i say to him . where else would he be , if not with the lord ?
but then he ’ s not here with us anymore .
i ’ d just stay quiet in my corner . if only i could see him and hear him playing , just for a minute , outside in the yard—and then come into the house as he used to and call out in his little voice : ma !
here ’ s his little belt , but he isn ’ t here , and i ’ ll never see him or hear him again .
she pulled out of her bosom a small embroidered belt , looked at it , and at once began shaking with sobs , the tears flowing from her eyes , which she covered with her fingers .
now , the elder said , you are like rachel in the bible , weeping for her children and refusing to be comforted because they were no more .
such is the lot of mothers on earth .
so do not be comforted—there is no need .
weep , but every time you do , remember that your little son is one of god ’ s angels , that he is looking down on you from where he is now , that he sees you and rejoices in your tears and shows them to god .
you will shed a mother ’ s tears for a long time to come , but in the end your weeping will turn into quiet joy , and your bitter tears will become tears of quiet tenderness which will cleanse your heart of sin .
and i shall pray for the peace of your boy ’ s soul .
what was his name ?
was he named for alexei the man of god ?
for the man of god , father , for alexei the man of god .
a great saint , he was !
i will certainly remember your son in my prayers . i will remember your sorrow too and i will also pray for your husband , that the lord may grant him health and happiness .
and now , go back to your husband and look after him . if your little boy sees from up there that you have abandoned his father , he will weep over both of you .
for he is alive , very much alive , since the soul lives forever .
but how can he come home to you when you say that you hate your home now ?
to whom will he come if he can not find his father and mother together ?
now he comes to you in your dreams and torments you , but if you go back he will send you sweet dreams .
go back to your husband , mother , go back to him this very day .
i ’ ll go , father , i ’ ll do as you say .
you ’ ve seen into my heart !
ah , nikita , my nikita , you ’ re waiting for me , my good husband !
the woman started in a wailing cadence , but the elder had turned away from her to a very old woman . this one was not dressed like a pilgrim but wore ordinary town clothes .
it was obvious from her expression that she had come on business , that she had something to tell him .
she said she was the widow of an army sergeant . she had not had to travel a long way , since she was from our town .
her son vasya , who was in the civil service , had been transferred to irkutsk in siberia .
she had received two letters from him at first , but now there had been no word from him for over a year .
she had tried to make inquiries about him , but she really didn ’ t even know where to inquire .
the other day , mrs. bedryagin—she ’ s the wife of a rich merchant—she says to me , why don ’ t you go to church , prokhorovna , and put your son ’ s name down for a requiem mass , just like he was dead .
that will make his soul feel uneasy , she says , and he ’ ll write you a letter .
it ’ s a sure thing , mrs. bedryagin tells me , it has worked time and again .
would it be the right thing to do , father ?
don ’ t even think of it !
you ought to be ashamed of yourself for asking .
how can anyone ask for a requiem mass for someone who is still alive , and you , his mother of all people !
that would be a mortal sin , akin to sorcery , and it is forgiven you only because of your ignorance .
instead , you ’ d better pray to the mother of god to intercede for your son , that the lord may grant him health , and for you , that he may forgive you for the error of your ways .
and let me tell you this , prokhorovna : your son will come back to you soon or at least he will certainly send you a letter .
you can count on it . go now and stop worrying—your son is alive , i promise you .
may god reward you , o beloved benefactor , who prays for us all , that all our sins may be forgiven .
but the elder ’ s attention had already been caught by two burning eyes in the haggard , consumptive face of a young peasant woman .
she looked at him in silence , her eyes imploring him , but did not dare to come closer .
what is it you wish , my dear ?
take a load off my soul , dear father , she said softly and slowly as she went down on her knees and bowed to the ground .
i have sinned , my father , and i ’ m afraid of my sin .
the elder sat down on the bottom step , and the woman moved closer to him without rising from her knees .
i ’ ve been a widow for two years , she said in a half whisper , shuddering as she spoke .
it was hard being married to him , he was old and beat me terribly .
so when he lay sick , i looked at him and i said to myself : if he gets better , he ’ ll get up and then what ?
and that is when the thought came to me .
wait , the elder said and brought his ear close to her lips .
the woman went on , whispering so quietly that it was almost impossible to make out the words .
over two years ago ?
at first i didn ’ t think about it much , but now i ’ ve got sick , and it bothers me .
have you come from far away ?
three hundred miles .
have you already confessed this to a priest ?
twice i ’ ve confessed it .
have you been admitted to communion ?
i ’ m afraid to die .
don ’ t be afraid of anything , ever .
as long as your repentance does not weaken , god will forgive everything .
there is not—there can not be—a sin on earth that god will not forgive the truly repentant .
why , a man can not commit a sin so great as to exhaust the infinite love of god .
how could there be a sin that would surpass the love of god ?
think only of repentance , all the time , and drive away all fear .
have faith that god loves you more than you can ever imagine . he loves you , sinful as you are and , indeed , because of your sin .
it was said long ago that there is more joy in heaven over one repentant sinner than over ten righteous men .
go now , and fear nothing .
and forgive your departed husband all the harm he did you . become truly reconciled with him .
for if you repent , you love , and if you love , you are with god .
love redeems and saves everything . if i , a sinner like yourself , am moved and feel compassion for you , how infinitely much more will god !
love is such an infinite treasure it can buy the whole world and can redeem not only your sins , but the sins of all people .
so go and fear no more .
he made the sign of the cross over her three times , took the holy icon from his own neck , and put it around hers .
she bowed down to the ground in silence .
he got up from the step where he had been sitting , looking smilingly at a big , strong peasant woman with a baby in her arms . i ’ m from vyshegorie , beloved father .
so you walked five weary miles , carrying the child , he said .
what ’ s your trouble ?
i just wanted to see you , father .
i ’ ve been here before .
your memory can ’ t be too good if you ’ ve forgotten me already .
people in my village were saying you weren ’ t feeling good , so i think : if that ’ s so , i ’ d better go and see for myself .
but now i ’ m here , you don ’ t look too sick to me .
you ’ ll be around for another twenty years yet , god bless you !
besides , there are enough people to pray for you to keep you from being sick .
thank you for everything , my dear .
while i ’ m here , i must ask you a small favor too : i have sixty kopeks here , take it and give it to someone poorer than me . on my way here , i says to myself : guess i ’ d better give him this money .
thank you , my dear , thank you , good woman .
i love you .
is it a girl you have ? yes , dear father .
may the lord bless you , both you and baby lizaveta .
you have gladdened my heart , my dear .
and now , good-by , my dear , good-by , beloved people .
he blessed all the women and bowed low to them . watching the elder talking to these humble women and blessing them , mrs. khokhlakov kept wiping away her tears with a little handkerchief .
she was a sentimental lady with many genuinely kind impulses .
when the elder finally approached her , she looked at him ecstatically .
i ’ ve experienced so much , watching this inspiring scene , that . she was too moved to finish .
oh , i understand why the simple people love you .
i myself love ordinary people , i want to love them .
how does your daughter feel ?
did you want to talk to me again ?
i requested it most insistently . i was prepared to go down on my knees , to stay kneeling before your windows for three whole days if i had to , until you received me .
we have come to you , great healer , to express our fervent gratitude .
why , you have cured my lise , cured her completely .
just by saying a prayer over her last thursday and laying your hands on her .
we are anxious to kiss those hands , to pour out our feelings and our veneration .
what do you mean—i healed her ?
she ’ s still in her wheelchair , isn ’ t she ? but she ’ s had no fever for the past two nights , no fever since thursday , none at all , the lady rattled on .
besides , her legs have grown stronger .
she had slept soundly all night , and her cheeks were rosy and her eyes bright .
she used to cry all the time , but now she is cheerful and keeps laughing .
today she actually demanded to be allowed to get up , to stand on her feet , and she did stand up for a whole minute without any help .
she wants to make a wager with me that in a fortnight she ’ ll be dancing the quadrille .
i called in the local doctor , herzenstube , to see her , and he just spread his arms wide in amazement : i ’ m stunned !
and you expected us not to disturb you , as though we could keep ourselves from flying over here to thank you . well , lise , come , thank the elder !
lise ’ s pretty , laughing face suddenly turned grave .
she raised herself as far as she could in her wheel-chair and , looking at the elder , clasped her hands as if in prayer . but the next second she lost control of herself and burst out laughing .
she cried , pointing at alyosha , childishly annoyed at herself for not being able to restrain her laughter .
anyone looking at alyosha , who was standing one step behind the elder , would have noticed that his cheeks turned bright red ; his eyes flashed and he lowered them .
mrs. khokhlakov turned toward alyosha and , giving him her elegantly gloved hand , said : she has a message for you , alexei .
the elder turned suddenly to look attentively at alyosha , who then walked over to lise and , smiling awkwardly , gave her his hand .
lise put on a serious face .
katerina ivanovna asked me to give you this , she said , handing him a small envelope .
she asks particularly that you come and see her , and she wants you to come soon , without fail , and not to let her down .
alyosha muttered , extremely surprised .
his face took on a very worried look .
katerina has made up her mind on a certain subject , but she absolutely must see you first .
that i don ’ t know , but she insisted it was very urgent and that you should go as soon as possible . and you must go .
i would even say it is your duty as a christian to go . but i ’ ve only seen her once , alyosha said , still bewildered .
she is such a noble , such an exceptional person !
all right , i ’ ll go and see her , alyosha decided , holding in his hand the brief note , which contained no explanation , only an urgent request that he come . it would be so nice , so good of you ! lise cried out , at once becoming very animated .
he won ’ t go , i told mother . he ’ s too busy saving his soul .
but you ’ re really wonderful !
i always thought you were wonderful and i ’ m very happy to tell you so .
her mother said reproachfully , but she could not suppress a smile and , turning to alyosha , went on : you seem to have forgotten us completely , alexei . you refuse to come and visit us , although lise has told me twice that you ’ re the only person with whom she feels at ease .
alyosha raised his downcast eyes , again turned red , and again grinned rather incongruously .
the elder , however , was no longer watching him but was talking to the visiting monk who had been waiting near lise ’ s chair .
he was apparently a very lowly monk , of humble origin , a stubborn man with a narrow , rigid set of beliefs , but with genuine faith .
he said he had come from the monastery of st. sylvester in obdorsk , somewhere in the far north , a poor little monastery that had only ten monks .
the elder blessed him and invited him to come and visit him in his cell whenever he wished .
suddenly the monk pointed at lise and asked in a solemn and admonishing tone : how do you presume to accomplish such feats ?
of course , it ’ s still too early to tell—partial relief is by no means a complete recovery , and it could be due to other causes .
everything comes from god .
come and see me , father , the elder added , looking at the monk , although there are moments when i ’ m in no state to see people .
god will not take you from us—you will be with us for a long time yet , mrs. khokhlakov exclaimed . besides , how can you be sick ?
you look gay , cheerful , and in good health to me ! as a matter of fact , i do feel incomparably better today , but i know very well that it can not last .
i ’ ve come to understand my illness unerringly now .
and if you think i look cheerful , nothing you could say could give me more pleasure .
for human beings were created to be happy , and those who are perfectly happy are entitled to say to themselves : i have carried out god ’ s will on this earth .
the righteous , the saints , the holy martyrs—they were all happy people .
oh , you speak so well .
your words are so bold and so noble !
when you say something , you go right to the essence of things . and yet you talk of happiness .
where is that happiness ?
and since you have been so kind as to see us once more , i hope you will allow me to tell you something i didn ’ t finish telling you last time . i didn ’ t dare tell you all that has been tormenting me for such a long , long time !
i suffer , forgive me , i suffer .
she clasped her hands prayerfully , overwhelmed by emotion .
i suffer from my lack of faith .
from not believing in god ?
i wouldn ’ t even dare think of that . but life after death—it is such a puzzle and no one , no one at all , has the answer !
please listen to me , you who can heal , you who know the human soul so well ; of course i don ’ t dare to presume that you will believe everything i say , but i give you my solemn word that i am not talking lightly now , and that the thought of life beyond the grave worries , terrifies , and torments me .
oh , my god , what will you think of me now !
and she threw up her hands in despair .
don ’ t worry about my opinion of you , the elder said .
i entirely believe in the sincerity of your anguish .
oh , thank you , thank you !
you see , i close my eyes and i reason like this : people do have faith , but where does it come from ?
i ’ ve heard it said that it all came originally from fear of menacing natural phenomena , and that there ’ s nothing else to it . so i say to myself : what if , after i ’ ve been a believer all my life , when i die it suddenly turns out that after life there ’ s nothing at all , nothing but wild grass growing on my grave , as some writer put it .
and how can i regain my faith ?
i must say , i only really believed when i was a little girl .
this is what i have come here for , to throw myself at your feet and ask you .
why , if i miss this opportunity , i will never find the answer in all my life .
so how can i prove it to myself , how can i become convinced ?
oh , i am so unhappy !
when i look around me , i realize that people don ’ t care , hardly anyone does , and i ’ m the only one who can not bear it .
i am sure it is dreadful , but nothing can be proved , although one can become convinced .
by acts of love .
try to love your neighbors , love them actively and unceasingly .
and as you learn to love them more and more , you will be more and more convinced of the existence of god and of the immortality of your soul .
and if you achieve complete self-abnegation in your love for your fellow man , you will certainly gain faith , and there will be no room in your soul for any doubt whatsoever .
this has been tested .
this is the true way .
you see , i love mankind so much that , believe it or not , there are moments when i would like to give up everything , abandon lise , and become a hospital nurse .
i close my eyes and let my imagination wander , and during those minutes i feel an irresistible strength within me .
no wounds , no infected sores , however terrible , could frighten me away then .
i would be ready to kiss their sores .
it is good that you should think of these things rather than others .
but it would be very nice if you actually performed some good deed . yes , but how long do you think i could live such a life ?
mrs. khokhlakov said heatedly , an almost hysterical note creeping into her voice .
that ’ s the crucial point ! yes , that ’ s the question that torments me most .
i close my eyes and i ask myself : how long do you think you could endure that life ?
what if a patient , whose sores you were cleaning , instead of being grateful to you , tormented you with his whims and had no appreciation whatsoever for your services to mankind , talked rudely to you , or even complained about you to your superiors , as people who are in pain so often do ?
what would happen then ?
would you go on loving him or not ?
and i must tell you that , to my own dismay , i have come to this conclusion : if anything could dampen my active love ’ for mankind , it is ingratitude .
i mean i want to be praised and paid for love with love .
she seemed to be in a paroxysm of sincere self-deprecation and , as she finished , there was a challenge to the elder in her eyes .
that ’ s exactly what a doctor told me quite some time ago , the elder remarked . he was not a young man and he was certainly intelligent .
he was just as sincere as you are , although he spoke in an amused tone , with a sort of bitter humor .
i love mankind , he said , but i find to my amazement that the more i love mankind as a whole , the less i love individual people . in my thoughts , the doctor told me , i often visualize ecstatically the sacrifices i could make for mankind and , indeed , i might even accept martyrdom for my fellow men if circumstances suddenly demanded it of me . in actual fact , however , i can not bear to spend two days in the same room with another person .
whenever someone is too close to me , i feel my personal dignity and freedom are being infringed upon .
within twenty-four hours i can come to hate the best of men , perhaps because he eats too slowly or because he has a cold and keeps blowing his nose . i become a man ’ s enemy , he said , as soon as he touches me . but to make up for it , the more i hate individual people , the more ardent is my general love for mankind .
what ’ s to be done in such a case ?
is it completely hopeless ?
no , because the very fact that it worries you is enough in itself . do the best you can and it will stand you in good stead .
as it is , you have done a great deal , for you have come to know yourself deeply and sincerely .
however , if you have spoken to me so frankly only to make me praise you for your sincerity , then , of course , you will fail to accomplish true acts of love ; all your good intentions will remain mere daydreams , and your whole life will slip by like a shadow . in that case , you will certainly forget all about the future life as well , and in the end you will somehow or other stop worrying altogether .
i feel completely crushed !
this very second i realize that , just as you say , i was expecting you to praise me for my sincerity when i told you that i would not be able to bear ingratitude . you have brought out what was within me .
you saw it and you have shown it to me !
do you really mean what you say now ? if so , after what you have admitted , i am sure that you are sincere and that you have a good heart .
even if it is not given to you to achieve happiness , you must always remember that you are on the right path and you must try not to stray from it . above all , avoid lying , especially lying to yourself .
keep watching out for your lies , watch for them every hour , every minute .
also avoid disgust , both for others and for yourself : whatever strikes you as disgusting within yourself is cleansed by the mere fact that you notice it .
avoid fear too , although fear is really only a consequence of lies .
never be afraid of your petty selfishness when you try to achieve love , and don ’ t be too alarmed if you act badly on occasion .
i ’ m sorry i can not tell you anything more reassuring . a true act of love , unlike imaginary love , is hard and forbidding .
imaginary love yearns for an immediate heroic act that is achieved quickly and seen by everyone . people may actually reach a point where they are willing to sacrifice their lives , as long as the ordeal doesn ’ t last too long , is quickly over—just like on the stage , with the public watching and admiring .
a true act of love , on the other hand , requires hard work and patience , and , for some , it is a whole way of life . but i predict that at the very moment when you see despairingly that , despite all your efforts , you have not only failed to come closer to your goal but , indeed , seem even farther from it than ever—at that very moment , you will have achieved your goal and will recognize the miraculous power of our lord , who has always loved you and has secretly guided you all along .
and now , please forgive me—i can not stay with you any longer . some people are waiting for me .
won ’ t you bless her ?
she cried suddenly , as if emerging from a trance .
she doesn ’ t even deserve to be loved , the elder said jokingly .
why have you been laughing at alexei all this time ?
lise had been doing just this .
she had realized , ever since she had seen alyosha on the previous occasion , that he seemed embarrassed in her presence and avoided looking at her . she found this very funny and amused herself by trying to catch his eye .
feeling her intense gaze constantly following him , alyosha felt impelled by some irresistible force and was unable to prevent himself from quickly glancing at her from time to time . and whenever he did so , their eyes met and she smiled triumphantly , right in his face , and alyosha became even more embarrassed and angry with himself .
so finally he turned away from her completely and hid behind the elder ’ s back .
after a few minutes , again acting on the same uncontrollable impulse , alyosha turned to see whether she was still looking at him , and saw lise , leaning over so far that she was almost hanging out of her chair , looking at him from the side and waiting intently for him to glance at her . this time , when she caught his eye , she laughed aloud , so that the elder turned to her and said :
you are a bad girl ! why are you trying to embarrass him ?
lise unexpectedly turned very red . her eyes flashed , her face became grave , and she spoke heatedly and nervously , as though complaining indignantly about alyosha :
and why has he forgotten everything ?
when i was little , he used to carry me around and we used to play together .
you know he taught me to read ?
and when he was leaving two years ago , he told me he ’ d never forget me and that we ’ d always be friends , always , always , he said .
and now he seems to be afraid of me , as though i were going to eat him or something .
why won ’ t he come over and talk to me ? why doesn ’ t he want to come to our house ?
is it you who won ’ t allow him to come and visit us ? but we know that he goes where he pleases .
he should have thought of it himself if he really hadn ’ t forgotten me . but i see that he ’ s too busy saving his soul now !
but why do you make him wear that cassock ? it ’ s too long , and he ’ ll fall down if he tries to run .
and suddenly , unable to restrain herself , she covered her face with both hands and burst into nervous , violent , but muted laughter .
the elder listened to her with a smile and then blessed her with great gentleness .
as she was about to kiss his hand , she suddenly pressed it against her eyes and began to cry .
i ’ m a fool and i ’ m really not worth bothering about . and i think alyosha is right , quite right , not to come and see a ridiculous person like me .
i ’ ll see to it that he comes to see you , the elder said .
the elder had been away from his cell for about twenty-five minutes .
it was after twelve-thirty and dmitry karamazov , who was the main reason for the gathering , had still not arrived .
they seemed almost to have forgotten about him , however , and when the elder returned to his cell his guests were engaged in a very animated conversation .
the principals were ivan karamazov and the two monks .
miusov kept trying—apparently very anxiously—to join in the argument , but again he had no luck . he was obviously not taken seriously , the others hardly even bothering to answer him , and this seemed to increase his irritability even further . the trouble was that even before this he and ivan had needled each other on various learned subjects and he could not bear ivan ’ s condescendingly casual air toward him .
up till now i ’ ve always been abreast of the latest developments in european thinking , yet this new russian generation is just determined to ignore us , he thought .
as to fyodor karamazov , who had promised to remain silent , he did indeed stay quiet for a while . he sat in his chair and watched his neighbor miusov with a sarcastic little smile , obviously delighting in his frustration .
for a long time he had been planning to get even with miusov for certain things and now he did not want to miss the opportunity to do so .
finally , unable to contain himself any longer , he bent toward his neighbor ’ s ear and said in an undertone , taunting him :
how is it that you didn ’ t leave right after the kissing ceremony , but consented to stay in such disreputable company ? shall i tell you why ? it was because you felt humbled and insulted and decided to stay to get your own back and show them all how brilliant you are .
there you go again ! well , you ’ re wrong , i ’ ll leave now . you ’ ll leave after all the others !
it was at this point that the elder came back into the room . the conversation came to a halt for a moment , but as the elder resumed his seat , he looked around at the others , apparently inviting them to continue their discussion .
alyosha , who had come to know every expression on the elder ’ s face , saw clearly that he was exhausted and that it cost him a great effort to remain there .
in the latest phase of his sickness , zosima often suffered fainting fits which were caused by physical weakness .
now he was almost as pale as just before such a fit , and his lips had turned white .
alyosha watched him intently .
we ’ ve been talking about the very interesting article this gentleman wrote , the monastery librarian said , gesturing toward ivan .
it is full of original ideas , but i think it cuts both ways .
it is about the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts and was written in answer to a whole book by a prominent churchman on that subject .
unfortunately i haven ’ t read your article , but i have heard about it , the elder said , looking intently at ivan .
he has a very curious approach to the problem , the monastery librarian explained .
he seems to reject completely the separation of church and state when dealing with the jurisdiction of the ecclesiastical courts .
that is curious . but in what sense ?
the elder asked ivan .
when ivan answered him , he did not do so condescendingly , as alyosha had feared he would , but spoke quietly , self-effacingly , with great courtesy and apparently complete frankness .
i start from the premise that , although they are doomed to failure , attempts will always be made to combine the essential elements of church and state , considered as separate entities , but these attempts can never succeed in producing a workable solution because they are based on a complete fallacy .
thus , the conciliation of claims between church and state on such matters as the administration of justice is , in my opinion , quite impossible by its very nature . the churchman against whom i argue contends that the church has a clearly defined place within the state .
i answer that , on the contrary , instead of occupying some little corner within the state , the church should contain the state , and if it can not do so immediately , it ought to make that a prime goal in the development of a christian society . very true , father paisii , a learned and taciturn monk , assented in a tense , decisive tone .
miusov said , impatiently recrossing his legs .
eh , we don ’ t even have any mountains here , the monastery librarian remarked and turned back to zosima .
the author of this article answers , among other things , the following fundamental contentions of his opponent , who is , be it remembered , an ecclesiastic : first , that no social organization should claim or be allowed to usurp the civilian and political rights of its members ; second , that the criminal and civil courts can not be controlled by the church because that would be incompatible with the nature of an institution vested with divine authority , or of an association of men formed for religious purposes ; and third , that the church is a kingdom not of this world .
that is playing on words in a way quite unworthy of an ecclesiastic !
paisii interrupted again indignantly . i have read the book against which you argue in your article , he said , turning to ivan , and i was quite taken aback by the words the church is a kingdom not of this world ’ coming from an ecclesiastic .
if it is not of this world , how can it be on earth at all ? the words not of this world ’ are used in a completely different context in the holy gospels , and no one should trifle with them .
the very purpose of the coming of our lord jesus christ to earth was to establish the church here .
obviously , the kingdom of heaven is not of this world , since it is in heaven , but the only way to enter it is through the church that has been set up on this earth .
and , therefore , any interpretation or sophisticated play on words is impermissible and unworthy of a churchman .
indeed , the church is a kingdom , ordained to reign , and ultimately it will become a kingdom of all the earth , as was preordained by our lord .
he suddenly fell silent , making an obvious effort to restrain himself . ivan , who had listened to him with respectful attention , spoke again with perfect composure .
my whole article is based on the idea that , during its first three centuries , christianity existed on earth as a church .
but when the pagan roman empire decided to become christian , it was inevitable that , in turning christian , it simply incorporated the church while , in fact , remaining essentially pagan .
indeed , it was bound to be that way .
but in rome too much was left of her pagan wisdom and civilization—among other things , the very goals and foundations of the state .
among these goals is the integration of the whole world—including , therefore , the pagan state—into the church . thus , in view of these long-range goals , it is not up to the church to seek a proper place for itself within the state , like any other public agency or association of men for religious purposes , as the author of the book against which i argue puts its .
since ultimately every secular state is to be integrated into the church and become nothing but the church , it is the state that must discard all goals that are incompatible with those of the church .
and this would involve no humiliation , no slur on the honor and glory of a great state , or loss of prestige to its rulers . it would simply transfer the concept of the state from the wrong premises to the correct ones , to the only true way of achieving the eternal goals .
for this reason , the author of the foundations of the ecclesiastical courts would have been right if , in searching for and defining those foundations , he had considered them as a temporary compromise for our sinful and transitory era , but nothing more than that . but when the author dares to declare that the foundations he mentions—some of which were noted by father joseph a few moments ago—are natural , immutable , and eternal , he thereby goes directly against the church and its sacred mission , preordained from time immemorial .
and that is the gist of my article .
which means , to sum up briefly , said father paisii , stressing every word , that , according to certain theories of which the point has become only too clear in our nineteenth century , the church is to evolve into a state , the way a lower order of life evolves into a higher one , and eventually is to disappear altogether as a religious institution , being superseded by science , technical progress , and secularism .
and if the church refuses to accept that fate and resists , it is to be rewarded for its pains by being allotted a corner in the preserve of the state , and even that would be under the supervision of the state . this is the situation today in every european country .
but , according to the russian idea and hope , it is not the church that is to be transformed into the state , as an inferior form into a superior one ; it is rather the state that must eventually become part of the church .
so it shall be and so be it !
well , i must say , i feel somewhat reassured ! miusov snorted , again recrossing his legs .
as far as i can make out , you seem to be talking about the realization of some ideal in the distant future , perhaps at the second coming of christ . in that case , i have no objection .
it is a beautiful , utopian dream of a world without wars , diplomats , banks , and so on .
in a way , it resembles socialism .
for a moment i thought you were talking seriously about the church doing such things as prosecuting criminals and sentencing people to floggings , detention , and even , i suppose , death .
even if all justice today were administered by ecclesiastical courts , the church would not sentence anyone either to forced labor or to death .
the whole concept of crime , and how to deal with it , would be different .
of course , it would not change suddenly , all at once , but would evolve gradually .
miusov asked , looking closely at ivan . if everything were integrated into the church , the church would excommunicate the criminal and the subversive , instead of chopping off their heads , ivan went on .
just think—where could the excommunicate go ?
why , he would be cut off not only from men but also from christ , since his crime would be a crime not only against his fellow men but also against christ ’ s church .
strictly speaking , of course , this is true now .
i steal , one may say , for instance , but i wouldn ’ t do anything against the church , because i am not an enemy of christ . but while criminals often justify themselves in this way today , the moment the church superseded the state , they could no longer appease their consciences unless they said : everyone else is wrong ; they have all lost god , and their church is a false church .
now let us look at the church ’ s approach to crime : isn ’ t it bound to differ from the state ’ s approach today , which is an almost pagan approach—the mechanical amputation of the diseased limb for the protection of society ? the church would aim at the total , true regeneration of man , his spiritual rebirth , and the salvation of his .
what are you saying ? i ’ ve lost you again , miusov interrupted him .
it ’ s some sort of dream again , something formless . i can ’ t even follow you .
i suspect you ’ re just having fun at other people ’ s expense , ivan .
but this is just as true today , the elder suddenly spoke out , and they all immediately turned to him .
i ’ m not talking of mechanical ’ punishment , such as was described a moment ago , which in most cases only hardens a criminal , but of real punishment , the only effective one , that people fear and that can bring peace—the awareness of one ’ s own conscience .
but what do you mean by that ?
miusov asked , filled with lively curiosity .
what i mean , the elder went on , is that all this business of sentencing people to hard labor , with or without flogging , does not reform criminals and , more to the point , does not deter them from committing crimes . so the number of crimes not only does not diminish—it keeps increasing .
it turns out , consequently , that society is not really protected by this method because , even if a dangerous member is cut off and put far away out of sight , immediately another criminal will appear in his place , and sometimes even two .
if anything protects society in our time , if anything can reform the criminal and make a new man out of him , it is only the law of christ , which manifests itself in the awareness of a man ’ s own conscience .
it is only after a man has recognized his guilt as a son of christ ’ s society , that is , of the church , that he will become conscious of his guilt toward society , that is , toward the church .
consequently , today ’ s criminal can recognize his guilt only toward the church , and not toward the state .
so if the administration of justice were in the hands of society as represented by the church , it would know whom it should absolve from excommunication and receive again as its son . but as things stand today , the church has no legal authority , only the power of moral condemnation .
she does not excommunicate him , she only offers him maternal advice . indeed , she tries to abide by the pledge made by christ ’ s church to the criminal : to admit him to church services and to the holy sacrament , to give him alms and treat him as a captive rather than as a convict .
and what would become of the criminal , o lord , if the christian community , that is , the church , rejected him and cut him off as the law of the state does ?
what would happen if every time a man was punished by the state , the church followed suit by excommunicating him ?
the answer is that there could be no deeper despair , at least for a russian criminal , because russian criminals are still believers .
and who knows , perhaps the result would be truly tragic—in his despair the criminal might lose his faith .
and so the church , acting like a tender and loving mother , will take no part in meting out punishment because , even without the church , a man condemned by the state courts is sufficiently punished , and there should be someone , after all , to take pity on him .
but the main reason for the church ’ s keeping aloof is that the law of the church is the only true law and it can not , therefore , make the slightest concession to any other law or even accept a temporary compromise .
but a non-russian criminal , i have been told , rarely repents , since many modern theories confirm him in his belief that a crime is not really a crime but only a gesture of protest against an unjust and oppressive force .
society cuts him off , as a matter of course , because it is stronger than he , and accompanies its ostracism of him with hatred ( so , at least , europeans themselves describe it ) ; then it shows no interest whatever in the further fate of that human being and soon forgets all about him .
and as all this takes place , there is no one to take pity on the condemned man , because in many countries there is no church any longer ; all they have left is the clergy and magnificent buildings that used to be churches . for their churches have long been evolving from the lower form of church into the higher form of state , in which they will be completely dissolved and vanish .
this is what happens at least in lutheran countries , i believe .
as to rome , they proclaimed a state instead of a church a full thousand years ago .
hence , a criminal there can not consider himself a member of the church . he is excommunicated and sinks into despair .
and if he does return to society , he is so full of hatred that it is he , as it were , who excommunicates society from himself .
how it will end , i leave to your imagination .
at various times it has seemed as though russia would follow the same course . but the difference lies in the very fact that , in addition to the civil courts of justice , we also have a church that never loses contact with the criminal and treats him like a dear and still beloved son ; and also the church in russia does play a role in upholding the law , even if only in people ’ s minds ; for , although the church does not actually sit in judgment over criminals , they fear her condemnation and thus acknowledge her authority . it is also true , as has been contended here , that if the church were given full control of the administration of justice , that is , if the whole community were integrated into the church , then not only would the ecclesiastical courts work for the regeneration of criminals as no courts of justice can today , but also the number of crimes might be tremendously reduced .
and there is no doubt that the church herself would , in many cases , look upon criminals and crime quite differently , and she would succeed in bringing back the outcasts , in preventing crimes from being committed , and in regenerating the fallen . it is true , though , the elder said with a faint smile , that christian society itself is not yet ready for this , as it still rests precariously on seven righteous men . but as long as these men exist , society will stand firm , waiting for total transformation from a pagan community into one universal sovereign church .
and even if this should not happen till the end of time , happen it will because it has been so ordained . so it shall be and so be it ! nor should we worry about the length of time it will take or the day when it will come to pass , because the secret of the time and the day lies in god ’ s wisdom , his vision of the future , and his love .
and what to a man may appear infinitely remote may in god ’ s design be very near , already within reach .
so it shall be and so be it !
so it shall be and so be it !
father paisii echoed with stern solemnity .
all this is very , very strange , miusov said .
what is this about the state being eliminated and the church raised to the status of a state !
this is no longer ultramontanism , this is arch-ultramontanism !
this is something that pope gregory vii himself could not have dreamed up !
you have completely misunderstood , sir , father paisii said sternly . it is not the church that is to be turned into the state .
that is rome and its dream .
it is the third temptation of the devil !
just the opposite is true—it is the state that will be transformed into the church . it will rise to the status of a church and become the universal church .
it is just the opposite of ultramontanism , of rome , and of your interpretation , and it is the great mission and destination of the orthodox church on earth .
the star will rise in the east !
miusov maintained a dignified silence . his entire person contrived to convey his tremendous respect for himself .
a condescending smile twisted his lips .
alyosha ’ s heart pounded as he watched them all .
for a second his glance rested on rakitin . rakitin was still standing by the door , motionless , listening , following intently , although he kept his eyes lowered .
from his flushed cheeks , alyosha could see that rakitin was no less excited than he himself , and he guessed what the cause of his excitement was .
suddenly miusov broke his silence , speaking with overbearing condescension . i wonder , he said , if you gentlemen would allow me to tell you a little story .
when i was in paris a few years ago—it was soon after the december coup d ’ état—i went to see an acquaintance of mine who at that time held a very important position in the government , and during my visit i met an extremely interesting gentleman .
now , since he was there as a subordinate , to make some sort of report to my acquaintance , whereas i was received as a personal friend—a fact which he realized very well—he answered my questions with a certain degree of frankness—or at least he was extremely courteous rather than frank , the way frenchmen can be courteous , especially to foreigners .
but i understood him perfectly .
the main topic of our conversation was the socialist revolutionaries who , incidentally , were at that time being persecuted .
i will spare you the brunt of the conversation and repeat only a curious remark that the gentleman made quite inadvertently : we aren ’ t really too worried about all these socialists , anarchists , atheists , revolutionaries , and the like . we keep our eye on them and we know what they ’ re likely to try next .
but there are among them some , though not many , peculiar types who believe in god—christians who are at the same time socialists .
they are the ones who worry us most . they are the most dangerous !
a christian socialist is much more dangerous than an atheistic socialist .
i was struck by these words at the time and now they come back to me .
you mean that you apply them to us and that you regard us as socialists ?
father paisii asked him point blank . but before miusov could answer , the door opened and dmitry karamazov made his very late appearance .
apparently they had all given up hope of seeing him , since his sudden arrival seemed to cause a certain surprise .
at twenty -eight , dmitry karamazov looked much older than he was . he was of medium height , powerfully muscled , and obviously endowed with great physical strength , but his thin , sallow , hollow-cheeked face left an impression of ill-health .
and there was something vague about the otherwise determined look in his rather large , dark , somewhat bulging eyes .
even when he grew excited and spoke irritatedly , his eyes seemed disconnected from his inner state and to express something quite unrelated to what he was saying .
hard to know what he ’ s thinking , was the general impression he produced on people who talked to him . at times , he would look at people with a dreamy , melancholy gaze and then suddenly surprise them by bursting into gay laughter , which probably reflected gay and playful thoughts that had been churning in his head all the while .
it must be said that anyone could think of many good reasons for dmitry ’ s drawn and haggard features ; everyone had heard of the irregular and dissipated life he had been leading , particularly of late , and they also knew how upset and irritated he was by his arguments with his father over money .
several stories on the subject were going around town .
it is true , though , that dmitry had by nature a temper that he found hard to control . an unbalanced and unpredictable spirit , as our justice of the peace , semyon kachalnikov , once aptly described him at a public gathering .
dmitry arrived impeccably dressed in the latest fashion , wearing a black coat buttoned all the way down and black gloves , and carrying a top-hat in his hand .
having recently retired from the army , he still wore an officer ’ s moustache .
his dark-brown hair was short and combed forward at the temples .
he walked with the long , firm stride of a military man .
he stopped for a second by the door as he came in , glanced quickly around , and then went straight over to the elder , guessing him to be the host .
he bowed deeply to him and asked for his blessing . the elder half rose from his seat and blessed him . dmitry kissed his hand with great reverence and then , sounding very agitated , almost angry , said :
please forgive me for being so late .
my father ’ s servant , smerdyakov , who was sent to inform me of this meeting , repeated twice with the utmost assurance , when i asked him about the time , that it was set for one p.m. .
please think nothing of it . don ’ t let it worry you , the elder interrupted him . even if you are a little late , no harm has been done at all .
i could not have expected less from a man of your kindness , dmitry said , interrupting him in his turn .
he bowed once more to the elder , and then , turning abruptly toward his father , unexpectedly bowed to him just as deeply and respectfully .
it was quite evident that he had planned that bow well in advance , sincerely feeling that it was his duty to register his good intentions and his respect for his father . although mr. karamazov was caught unawares by his son ’ s gesture , he managed to cope with the situation in his own style : he answered dmitry ’ s bow by leaping up from his chair and bowing back to him just as solemnly and respectfully .
his face took on a grave and solemn expression , and this somehow made him look positively evil . dmitry looked around the room , bowed once more , this time generally to all the other people there , and walked in his long , firm soldier ’ s stride toward the window where , near father paisii , stood the last unoccupied chair . he sat down , leaning forward , ready to listen to the conversation he had interrupted by his arrival .
all this had taken no more than a couple of minutes , and the conversation was resumed as a matter of course . miusov , however , did not find it necessary to answer father paisii ’ s pressing and almost angry question .
alexei fyodorovich karamazov was the third son of a landowner from our district , fyodor pavlovich karamazov , well known in his own day ( and still remembered among us ) because of his dark and tragic death , which happened exactly thirteen years ago and which i shall speak of in its proper place .
for the moment i will only say of this landowner ( as we used to call him , though for all his life he hardly ever lived on his estate ) that he was a strange type , yet one rather frequently met with , precisely the type of man who is not only worthless and depraved but muddleheaded as well -- -one of those muddleheaded people who still handle their own little business deals quite skillfully , if nothing else .
fyodor pavlovich , for instance , started with next to nothing , he was a very small landowner , he ran around having dinner at other men 's tables , he tried to foist himself off as a sponger , and yet at his death he was discovered to have as much as a hundred thousand roubles in hard cash .
at the same time he remained all his life one of the most muddleheaded madcaps in our district .
again i say it was not stupidity -- -most of these madcaps are rather clever and shrewd -- -but precisely muddleheadedness , even a special , national form of it .
he was married twice and had three sons -- -the eldest , dmitri fyodorovich , by his first wife , and the other two , ivan and alexei , by his second .
fyodor pavlovich 's first wife belonged to a rather wealthy aristocratic family , the miusovs , also landowners in our district .
precisely how it happened that a girl with a dowry , a beautiful girl , too , and moreover one of those pert , intelligent girls not uncommon in this generation but sometimes also to be found in the last , could have married such a worthless runt , as everyone used to call him , i can not begin to explain .
but then , i once knew a young lady still of the last romantic generation who , after several years of enigmatic love for a certain gentleman , whom , by the way , she could have married quite easily at any moment , ended up , after invent-ing all sorts of insurmountable obstacles , by throwing herself on a stormy night into a rather deep and swift river from a high bank somewhat resembling a cliff , and perished there decidedly by her own caprice , only because she wanted to be like shakespeare 's ophelia .
long ago , had not been so picturesque , if it had been merely a flat , prosaic bank , the suicide might not have taken place at all .
this is a true fact , and one can assume that in our russian life of the past two or three generations there have been not a few similar facts . in the same way , the action of adelaida ivanovna miusov was doubtless an echo of foreign influences , the chafings of a mind imprisoned .
perhaps she wanted to assert her feminine independence , to go against social conventions , against the despotism of her relatives and family , and her obliging imagination convinced her , if only briefly , that fyodor pavlovich , despite his dignity as a sponger , was still one of the boldest and most sarcastic spirits of that transitional epoch -- -transitional to everything better -- -whereas he was simply an evil buffoon and nothing more .
the affair gained piquancy from elopement , which strongly appealed to adelaida ivanovna . as for fyodor pavlovich , his social position at the time made him quite ready for any such venture , for he passionately desired to set himself up by whatever means .
as for mutual love , it seems there never was any either on the bride 's part or on his own , despite the beauty of adelaida ivanovna . this was , perhaps , the only case of its kind in fyodor pavlovich 's life , for he was a great sensualist all his days , always ready to hang onto any skirt that merely beckoned to him .
this one woman alone , sensually speaking , made no particular impression on him . they had no sooner eloped than it became clear to adelaida ivanovna that she felt only contempt for her husband and nothing more .
thus the consequences of their marriage revealed themselves extraordinarily quickly . and though her family even accepted the situation fairly soon and allotted the runaway bride her dowry , the married couple began leading a very disorderly life , full of eternal scenes .
it was said that in the circumstances the young wife showed far more dignity and high-mindedness than did fyodor pavlovich , who , as is now known , filched all her cash from her , as much as twenty-five thousand roubles , the moment she got it , so that from then on as far as she was concerned all those thousands positively vanished , as it were , into thin air . as for the little village and the rather fine town house that came with her dowry , for a long time he tried very hard to have them transferred to his name by means of some appropriate deed , and he would probably have succeeded , merely because of the contempt and loathing , so to speak , that his shameless extortions and entreaties aroused in his wife , merely because of her emotional exhaustion -- -anything to be rid of him .
it is well known that there were frequent fights between husband and wife , but according to tradition it was not fyodor pavlovich who did the beating but adelaida ivanovna , a hot-tempered lady , bold , dark-skinned , impatient , and endowed with remarkable physical strength .
finally she fled the house and ran away from fyodor pavlovich with a destitute seminarian , leaving the three-year-old mitya in his father 's hands . fyodor pavlovich immediately set up a regular harem in his house and gave himself to the most unbridled drinking .
sundry that adelaide had abandoned him , going into details that any husband ought to have been too ashamed to reveal about his married life . the thing was that he seemed to enjoy and even feel flattered by playing the ludicrous role of the offended husband , embroidering on and embellishing the details of the offense .
true , he might even have gone ; but having undertaken such a decision , he at once felt fully entitled to get up his courage for the journey by throwing himself into more boundless drinking .
one would think you had been promoted , fyodor pavlovich , the scoffers used to say , you 're so pleased despite all your woes ! many even added that he was glad to brush up his old role of buffoon , and that , to make things funnier still , he pretended not to notice his ridiculous position .
but who knows , perhaps he was simply naive .
at last he managed to find the trail of his runaway wife .
the poor woman turned out to be in petersburg , where she had gone to live with her seminarian and where she had thrown herself wholeheartedly into the most complete emancipation . fyodor pavlovich at once began bustling about , making ready to go to petersburg .
in the intermissions , he drove over most of the province , tearfully complaining to all and chapter : fyodor pavlovich karamazov
just then his wife 's family received news of her death in petersburg .
she died somehow suddenly , in some garret , of typhus according to one version , of starvation according to another .
fyodor pavlovich was drunk when he learned of his wife 's death , and the story goes that he ran down the street , lifting his hands to the sky and joyfully shouting : now lettest thou thy servant depart in peace . others say that he wept and sobbed like a little child , so much so that they say he was pitiful to see , however repulsive they found him .
both versions may very well be true -- -that is , that he rejoiced at his release and wept for her who released him , all at the same time .
in most cases , people , even wicked people , are far more naive and simple-hearted than one generally assumes .
and so are we . of course , one can imagine what sort of father and mentor such a man would be .
as a father he did precisely what was expected of him ; that is , he totally and utterly abandoned his child by adelaide ivanovna , not out of malice towards him and not from any wounded matrimonial feelings , but simply because he totally forgot about him .
while he was pestering everyone with his tears and complaints , and turning his house into an iniquitous den , a faithful family servant , grigory , took the three-year-old mitya into his care , and if grigory had not looked after him then , there would perhaps have been no one to change the child 's shirt .
moreover , it so happened that the child 's relatives on his mother 's side also seemed to forget about him at first .
his grandfather , that is , mr. miusov himself , the father of adelaide ivanovna , was no longer living . his widow , mitya 's grandmother , had moved to moscow and was quite ill , and the sisters were all married , so that mitya had to spend almost a whole year with the servant grigory , living in the servants ' cottage .
but even if his papa had remembered him ( indeed , he could not have been unaware of his existence ) , he would have sent him back to chapter : the first son sent packing the cottage , for the child would have gotten in the way of his debaucheries .
just then , however , the late adelaide ivanovna 's cousin , pyotr alexandrovich miusov , happened to return from paris .
afterwards he lived abroad for many years , but at the time he was still a very young man , and , among the miusovs , an unusual sort of man -- -enlightened , metropolitan , cosmopolitan , a lifelong european , and at the end of his life a liberal of the forties and fifties .
in the course of his career he had relations with many of the most liberal people of his epoch , both in russia and abroad ; he knew proudhon and bakunin personally ; and he particularly liked to recall and describe -- -this was already near his journey 's end -- -the three days of the february revolution in paris in forty-eight , letting on that he himself had almost taken part in it on the barricades .
this was one of the most delightful memories of his youth . he had independent property , valued according to the old system at about a thousand souls .
his splendid estate lay just beyond our little town and bordered on the lands of our famous monastery , with which pyotr alexandrovich , while still very young , having just come into his inheritance , at once began endless litigation over the rights to some kind of fishing in the river or wood-cutting in the forest -- -i am not sure which , but to start a lawsuit against the clericals was something he even considered his civic and enlightened duty .
hearing all about adelaide ivanovna , whom he of course remembered and had once even shown some interest in , and learning of mitya 's existence , he decided , despite his youthful indignation and his contempt for fyodor pavlovich , to step into the affair .
it was then that he first made the acquaintance of fyodor pavlovich . he told him straight off that he wanted to take responsibility for the child 's upbringing .
years later he used to recall , as typical of the man , that when he first began speaking about mitya with fyodor pavlovich , the latter looked for a while as if he had no idea what child it was all about , and was even surprised , as it were , to learn that he had a little son somewhere in the house .
though pyotr alexandrovich may have exaggerated , still there must have been some semblance of truth in his story .
but all his life , as a matter of fact , fyodor pavlovich was fond of play-acting , of suddenly taking up some unexpected role right in front of you , often when there was no need for it , and even to his own real disadvantage , as , for instance , in the present case .
this trait , however , is characteristic of a great many people , even rather intelligent ones , and not only of fyodor pavlovich . pyotr alexandrovich hotly pursued the business and even got himself appointed the child 's guardian ( jointly with fyodor pavlovich ) , since there was , after all , a small property , a house and estate , left by his mother .
mitya did , in fact , go to live with his mother 's cousin , but the latter , having no family of his own , and being in a hurry to return to paris for a long stay as soon as he had arranged and secured the income from his estates , entrusted the child to one of his mother 's cousins , a moscow lady .
in the event , having settled himself in paris , he , too , forgot about the child , especially after the outbreak of the abovementioned february revolution , which so struck his imagination that he was unable to forget it for the rest of his life .
the moscow lady died and mitya was passed on to one of her married daughters .
it seems he later changed homes a fourth time .
now , particularly as i shall have much to say later on about this first-born son of fyodor pavlovich , and must confine myself here to the most essential facts , without which i could not even begin my novel .
first of all , this dmitri fyodorovich was the only one of fyodor pavlovich 's three sons who grew up in the conviction that he , at any rate , had some property and would be independent when he came of age .
he spent a disorderly adolescence and youth : he never finished high school ; later he landed in some military school , then turned up in the caucasus , was promoted , fought a duel , was broken to the ranks , promoted again , led a wild life , and spent , comparatively , a great deal of money . he received nothing from fyodor pavlovich before his coming of age , and until then ran into debt .
he saw and got to know his father , fyodor pavlovich , for the first time only after his coming of age , when he arrived in our parts with the purpose of settling the question of his property with him . it seems that even then he did not like his parent ; he stayed only a short time with him and left quickly , as soon as he had managed to obtain a certain sum from him and made a certain deal with him concerning future payments from the estate , without ( a fact worth noting ) being able to learn from his father either the value of the estate or its yearly income .
fyodor pavlovich saw at once ( and this must be remembered ) that mitya had a false and inflated idea of his property .
fyodor pavlovich was quite pleased with this , as it suited his own designs . he simply concluded that the young man was frivolous , wild , passionate , impatient , a wastrel who , if he could snatch a little something for a time , would immediately calm down , though of course not for long .
and this fyodor pavlovich began to exploit ; that is , he fobbed him off with small sums , with short-term handouts , until , after four years , mitya , having run out of patience , came to our town a second time to finish his affairs with his parent , when it suddenly turned out , to his great amazement , that he already had precisely nothing , that it was impossible even to get an accounting , that he had already received the whole value of his property in cash from fyodor pavlovich and might even be in debt to him , that in terms of such and such deals that he himself had freely entered into on such and such dates , he had no right to demand anything more , and so on and so forth . the young man was stunned , suspected a lie or a trick , was almost beside himself , and , as it were , lost all reason .
this very circumstance led to the catastrophe , an account of which forms the subject of my first introductory novel , or , better , the external side of it . but before i go on to this novel , i must introduce the other two sons of fyodor pavlovich , mitya 's brothers , and explain where they came from .
fyodor pavlovich , having packed off the four-year-old mitya , very soon married for a second time .
this second marriage lasted about eight years .
he took his second wife , sofia ivanovna , also a very young person , from another province , where he happened to have gone for a bit of contracting business in the company of chapter : second marriage , second children
fyodor pavlovich , though he led a wild , drunken , and debauched life , still never stopped investing his capital , and always managed his deals successfully , though of course almost always somewhat shabbily .
sofia ivanovna was one of our little orphans , left without relations in early childhood , the daughter of some obscure deacon , who grew up in the rich house of her benefactress , mistress , and tormentress , an aristocratic old lady , the widow of general vorokhov .
i do not know the details but have only heard that , it seems , the ward , who was a meek , gentle , uncomplaining girl , was once taken out of a noose that she had hung from a nail in the closet -- -so hard was it for her to endure the willfulness and eternal nagging of the old woman , who was apparently not wicked but had become a most insufferable crank from sheer idleness .
fyodor pavlovich offered his hand , inquiries were made , and he was turned away ; and then once again , as with his first marriage , he suggested elopement to the little orphan .
but she lived in another province , and what could a sixteen-year-old girl understand except that she would rather drown herself than stay with her benefactress . so the poor girl traded a benefactress for a benefactor .
fyodor pavlovich did not get a penny this time , because the general 's widow was furious , refused to give anything , and , moreover , cursed them both ; yet this time he did not even count on getting anything , but was tempted only by the innocent girl 's remarkable beauty , and above all by her innocent look , which struck the sensualist who until then had been a depraved admirer only of the coarser kind of feminine beauty .
most likely she would not have married him for anything if she had learned more about him in time .
those innocent eyes cut my soul like a razor , he used to say afterwards with his disgusting little snigger .
however , in a depraved man this , too , might be only a sensual attraction . as he had gotten no reward , fyodor pavlovich did not stand on ceremony with his wife , and taking advantage of the fact that she was , so to speak , guilty before him , and that he had practically
saved her from the noose , taking advantage , besides that , of her phenomenal humility and meekness , he even trampled with both feet on the ordinary decencies of marriage .
loose women would gather in the house right in front of his wife , and orgies took place . i should report , as a characteristic feature , that the servant grigory , a gloomy , stupid , and obstinate pedant , who had hated his former mistress , adelaide ivanovna , this time took the side of the new mistress , defended her , and abused fyodor pavlovich because of her in a manner hardly befitting a servant ; and on one occasion even broke up the orgy and drove all the scandalous women out of the house .
later this unhappy young woman , who had been terrorized since childhood , came down with something like a kind of feminine nervous disorder , most often found among simple village women , who are known as shriekers because of it .
from this disorder , accompanied by terrible hysterical fits , the sick woman would sometimes even lose her reason .
nevertheless she bore fyodor pavlovich two sons , ivan and alexei , the first in the first year of marriage , the second three years later .
when she died , the boy alexei was in his fourth year , and , though it is strange , i know that he remembered his mother all his life -- -as if through sleep , of course .
after her death , almost ex-chapter : second marriage , second children actly the same thing happened with both boys as had happened with the first one , mitya : they were totally forgotten and forsaken by their father and wound up in the same cottage with the same servant , grigory .
it was in this cottage that they were found by that old crank , the general 's widow , their mother 's mistress and benefactress .
she was still alive , and in all that time , for all those eight years , had not forgotten the injury done her . for all those eight years , she had been receiving underhandedly the most exact information about her sofia 's life , and , hearing how ill she was and in what outrageous surroundings , she said aloud two or three times to her lady companions : it serves her right .
god has sent it to her for her ingratitude .
exactly three months after sofia ivanovna 's death , the general 's widow suddenly appeared in person in our town , right at fyodor pavlovich 's house .
she spent only about half an hour in our little town , but she accomplished a great deal . fyodor pavlovich , whom she had not seen for all those eight years , was tipsy when he came out to her .
they say that the moment she saw him , without any explanations , she at once delivered him two good , resounding slaps and jerked him three times by his forelock ; then , without adding a word , she made straight for the cottage and the two boys .
seeing at a glance that they were unwashed and in dirty shirts , she gave one more slap to grigory himself and announced to him that she was taking both children home with her , then carried them outside just as they were , wrapped them in a plaid , put them in the carriage , and took them to her own town .
grigory bore his slap like a devoted slave , without a word of abuse , and while helping the old lady to her carriage , he bowed low and said imposingly that god would reward her for the orphans .
and you are a lout all the same ! the general 's widow shouted as she drove away .
fyodor pavlovich , thinking the whole thing over , found that it was a good thing , and in a formal agreement regarding his children 's education by the general 's widow did not afterwards object to any point . as for the slaps he had gotten , he drove all over town telling the story himself .
it so happened that the general 's widow , too , died soon after that . in her will , however , she set aside a thousand roubles for each of the little ones , for their education , and so that the money will be spent only on them , but in a way that will make it last until their coming of age , for it is quite enough of a handout for such children , and if anyone else wants to , let him loosen his own purse-strings , and so on and so forth .
i did not read the will myself , but i 've heard that there was indeed something strange of this sort in it , and rather peculiarly expressed .
the old woman 's principal heir , however , turned out to be an honest man , the provincial marshal of nobility of that province , yefim petrovich polenov .
after an exchange of letters with fyodor pavlovich , he guessed at once that no one could drag any money out of him even for the education of his own children ( though he never refused directly , but in such cases always simply delayed , sometimes even pouring out sentimentalities ) .
if chapter : second marriage , second children there was anyone to whom the brothers were indebted for their upbringing and education for the rest of their lives , it was to this yefim petrovich , a most generous and humane man , of a kind rarely found . the thousands left to the little ones by the general 's widow he kept intact , so that by the time they came of age , each thousand with interest had grown to two thousand , and meanwhile he educated them at his own expense , certainly spending far more than a thousand on each boy .
yefim petrovich left his affairs in disarray , and owing to red tape and the various formalities quite unavoidable among us , there was a delay in obtaining the children 's own money , left to them by the cranky widow , which had grown from one thousand to two thousand with interest , so that for his first two years at the university the young man found himself in a pickle , since he was forced all the while both to feed and keep himself and to study at the same time .
again , for the time being , i will not go into a detailed account of their childhood and adolescence , but will note only the most important circumstances . however , of the elder , ivan , i will only say that as he was growing up he was somehow gloomy and withdrawn , far from timid , but as if he had already perceived by the age of ten that they were indeed living in someone else 's family and on someone else 's charity , that their father was such that it was a shame to speak of him , and so on and so forth . the boy began very early , almost in infancy ( so they say at least ) , to show some sort of unusual and brilliant aptitude for learning .
he took a personal interest in the orphans , and came especially to love the younger one , alexei , who for a long time even grew up in his family .
i do not know exactly how , but it somehow happened that he parted from yefim petrovich 's family when he was barely thirteen , passing on to one of the moscow secondary schools and boarding with a certain experienced and then-famous pedagogue , a childhood friend of yefim petrovich 's . ivan himself used to say afterwards that it all happened , so to speak , because of the ardor for good works of yefim petrovich , who was carried away by the idea that a boy of genius must also be educated by an educator of genius . however , neither yefim petrovich nor the educator of genius was living when the young man , having finished school , entered university .
it must be noted that he did not even try at that time to communicate with his father -- -perhaps out of pride or contempt for him , perhaps because his cold common sense told him that he would not get even the smallest token of support from his papa .
be that as it may , the young man was not at all at a loss , and did succeed in finding work , at first giving lessons at twenty kopecks an hour , and then running around to newspaper publishers , plying them with ten-line articles on street incidents , signed eyewitness . these little articles , they say , were always so curiously and quaintly written that they were soon in great demand ; and even in this alone the young man demonstrated his practical and intellectual superiority over that eternally needy and miserable mass of our students of both sexes who , in our capitals , from morning till night , habitually haunt the doorways of various newspapers and magazines , unable to invent anything better than the eternal repetition of one and the same plea for copying work or translations from the french .
having made the acquaintance of the editors , ivan fyodorovich never broke his connection with them afterwards , and in his later years at the university began to publish rather talented reviews of books on various specific sub-chapter : second marriage , second children jects , so that he even became known in some literary circles .
however , it was only quite recently that he had succeeded by accident in suddenly attracting to himself the particular attention of a much wider circle of readers , so that a great many people at once noticed and remembered him . the incident was rather curious . having already graduated from the university , and while preparing to go abroad on his two thousand roubles , ivan fyodorovich suddenly published in one of the big newspapers a strange article that attracted the attention even of non-experts , and above all on a subject apparently altogether foreign to him , since he had graduated in natural science .
the article dealt with the issue of ecclesiastical courts , which was then being raised everywhere . while analyzing some already-existing opinions on the subject , he also expressed his own view . the main thing was the tone of the article and its remarkably unexpected conclusion .
and yet many churchmen decidedly counted the author as one of their own . suddenly , however , along with them , not only secularists but even atheists themselves began to applaud from their side . finally some quick-witted people concluded that the whole article was just a brazen farce and mockery .
i mention this incident particularly because the article in time also penetrated our famous neighboring monastery , where there was general interest in the newly emerged issue of ecclesiastical courts -- -penetrated and produced complete bewilderment .
when they learned the author 's name , they became interested in the fact that he was a native of our town and a son of that very same fyodor pavlovich . and then suddenly , just at that time , the author himself appeared among us .
why ivan fyodorovich came to us then is a question i even recall asking myself at the time , almost with a certain uneasiness .
this so-fateful arrival , which was the start of so many consequences , long afterwards remained almost always unclear to me .
generally considered , it was strange that so learned , so proud , and seemingly so prudent a young man should suddenly appear in such a scandalous house , before such a father , who had ignored him all his life , who did not know or remember him , and who , though if his son had asked , he would certainly not have given him any money for anything in the world or under any circumstances , nonetheless was afraid all his life that his sons ivan and alexei , too , would one day come and ask for money . and here the young man comes to live in the house of such a father , lives with him for one month , then for another , and they get along famously .
this last fact especially astonished not only me but many others as well .
pyotr alexandrovich miusov , whom i have already mentioned , a distant relation of fyodor pavlovich 's through his first wife , happened to be in the neighborhood again at that time on his nearby estate , paying us a visit from paris , where he had already settled permanently .
i remember it was precisely he who marveled most of all when he got acquainted with the young man , who interested him greatly and with whom he used -- -not without inner pangs -- -to have occasional intellectual altercations .
he is proud , he used to say to us about him , he will always have something in his pocket , and even now he has enough money to go abroad -- -what does he want here ? it 's clear to everyone that he did not come to his father for money , because in any case his father wo n't give it to him .
does n't like drinking and debauchery , and yet the old man ca n't do without him , they get along so well !
it was true : the young man even had a noticeable influence over the old man ; the latter almost began to listen to him occasionally , though he was extremely and at times even spitefully willful ; he even began sometimes to behave more decently .
only later did we learn that ivan fyodorovich had come partly at the request and on the behalf of his elder brother , dmitri fyodorovich , whom he met and saw for the first time in his life on this visit , but with whom , however , he had entered into correspondence prior to his arrival from moscow , on the occasion of a certain important matter of more concern to dmitri fyodorovich than to himself .
nevertheless , even when i already knew about this special circumstance , ivan fyodorovich still seemed to me a mysterious person , and his arrival among us still inexplicable .
what that matter was , the reader will learn fully and in detail in due time .
i will add that ivan fyodorovich seemed at the time to be a mediator and conciliator between his father and his elder brother , dmitri fyodorovich , who had gotten into a great quarrel with his father and had even started formal proceedings against him .
this nice little family , i repeat , got together then for the first time and some of its members saw each other for the first time in their lives .
only the youngest brother , alexei fyodorovich , had been living in our parts already for about a year , and so had come to us before the rest of his brothers .
it is about this very alexei that it is most difficult for me to speak in my introductory story , before bringing him on stage in the novel . still , i shall have to write an introduction for him as well , if only to give a preliminary explanation of one very strange point -- -namely , that i must present my future hero to the reader , from the first scene of his novel , dressed in the cassock of a novice .
yes , at that time he had been living for about a year in our monastery , and it seemed he was preparing to shut himself up in it for the rest of his life .
he was then only twenty years old ( his brother ivan was in his twenty-fourth year , and their elder brother , dmitri , was going on twenty-eight ) .
first of all i announce that this young man , alyosha , was not at all a fanatic , and , in my view at least , even not at all a mystic . i will give my full opinion beforehand : he was simply an early lover of mankind , and if he threw himself into the monastery path , it was only because it alone struck him at the time and presented him , so to speak , with an ideal way out for his soul struggling from the darkness of worldly wickedness towards the light of love .
and this path struck him only because on it at that time he met a remarkable being , in his opinion , our famous monastery elder zosima , to whom he became attached with all the ardent first love of his unquenchable heart .
however , i do not deny that he was , at that time , already very strange , having been so even from the cradle .
mentioned that although he lost his mother in his fourth year , he remembered her afterwards all his life , her face , her caresses , as if she were standing alive before me . such memories can be remembered ( everyone knows this ) even from an earlier age , even from the age of two , but they only emerge throughout one 's life as specks of light , as it were , against the darkness , as a corner torn from a huge picture , which has all faded and disappeared except for that little corner .
that is exactly how it was with him : he remembered a quiet summer evening , an open window , the slanting rays of the setting sun ( these slanting rays he remembered most of all ) , an icon in the corner of the room , a lighted oil-lamp in front of it , and before the icon , on her knees , his mother , sobbing as if in hysterics , with shrieks and cries , seizing him in her arms , hugging him so tightly that it hurt , and pleading for him to the mother of god , holding him out from her embrace with both arms towards the icon , as if under the protection of the mother of god ...
and suddenly a nurse rushes in and snatches him from her in fear .
alyosha remembered his mother 's face , too , at that moment : he used to say that it was frenzied , but beautiful , as far as he could remember .
but he rarely cared to confide this memory to anyone .
yet he entered the house at such an early age that one could hardly expect in a child any calculated cunning , or pushiness , or skill in ingratiating himself , or chapter : the third son , alyosha
he never remembered an offense .
in his childhood and youth he was not very effusive , not even very talkative , not from mistrust , not from shyness or sullen unsociability , but even quite the contrary , from something different , from some inner preoccupation , as it were , strictly personal , of no concern to others , but so important for him that because of it he would , as it were , forget others . but he did love people ; he lived all his life , it seemed , with complete faith in people , and yet no one ever considered him either naive or a simpleton . there was something in him that told one , that convinced one ( and it was so all his life afterwards ) that he did not want to be a judge of men , that he would not take judgment upon himself and would not condemn anyone for anything .
it seemed , even , that he accepted everything without the least condemnation , though often with deep sadness . moreover , in this sense he even went so far that no one could either surprise or frighten him , and this even in his very early youth . coming to his father in his twentieth year , precisely into that den of dirty iniquity , he , chaste and pure , would simply retire quietly when it was unbearable to watch , yet without the least expression of contempt or condemnation of anyone at all .
his father , a former sponger and therefore touchy and easily offended , and who met him at first with sullen suspicion ( he 's too quiet , he said , and he reasons in himself too much ) , soon ended up , nonetheless , in no more than two weeks , by hugging and kissing him terribly often , with drunken tears and tipsy sentimentality , true , but apparently having come to love him sincerely and deeply , more than such a man had , of course , ever managed to love anyone else .
indeed , everyone loved this young man wherever he appeared , and it was so even in his earliest childhood . when he came to live in the house of his benefactor and guardian , yefim petrovich polenov , he attached everyone in the family to himself so much that they decidedly considered him , as it were , their own child .
knowledge of how to please and how to make himself loved . thus he possessed in himself , in his very nature , so to speak , artlessly and directly , the gift of awakening a special love for himself . it was the same with him at school , too , and yet it would seem that he was exactly the kind of child who awakens mistrust , sometimes mockery , and perhaps also hatred , in his schoolmates .
he used , for instance , to lapse into revery and , as it were , set himself apart . even as a child , he liked to go into a corner and read books , and yet his schoolmates , too , loved him so much that he could decidedly be called everyone 's favorite all the while he was at school .
he was seldom playful , seldom even merry , but anyone could see at once , at a glance , that this was not from any kind of sullenness , that , on the contrary , he was serene and even-tempered . he never wanted to show off in front of his peers . maybe for that very reason he was never afraid of anyone , and yet the boys realized at once that he was not at all proud of his fearlessness , but looked as if he did not realize that he was brave and fearless .
sometimes an hour after the offense he would speak to the offender or answer some question with as trustful and serene an expression as though nothing had happened between them at all .
and he did not look as if he had accidentally forgotten or intentionally forgiven the offense ; he simply did not consider it an offense , and this decidedly captivated the boys and conquered them . there was only one trait in him that in all the grades of his school from the lowest even to the highest awakened in his schoolmates a constant desire to tease him , not out of malicious mockery but simply because they found it funny . this trait was a wild , frantic modesty and chastity .
he could not bear to hear certain words and certain conversations about women .
these certain words and conversations , unfortunately , are ineradicable in schools . boys , while still almost children , pure in mind and heart , very often like to talk in classes among themselves and even aloud about such things , pictures and images , as even soldiers would not speak of ; moreover , many things that soldiers themselves do not know or understand are already familiar to still quite young children of our educated and higher society .
there is , perhaps , no moral depravity yet , and no cynicism either of a real , depraved , inner sort , but there is external cynicism , and this is not infrequently regarded among them as something refined , subtle , daring , and worthy of emulation .
seeing that alyoshka karamazov quickly put his fingers in his ears when they talked about that , they would sometimes purposely crowd around him , pull his hands away by force , and shout foul things into both his ears , while he struggled , slipped to the floor , lay down , covered his head , all without saying a word to them , without any abuse , silently enduring the offense .
in the end , however , they left him alone and no longer teased him with being a little girl ; moreover , they looked upon him , in this respect , with compassion .
incidentally , he was always among the best of his class in his studies , but was never the first .
after yefim petrovich died , alyosha spent two more years at the local secondary school .
yefim petrovich 's inconsolable spouse left almost immediately after his death for a long visit to italy with her whole family , which consisted en-chapter : the third son , alyosha tirely of persons of the female sex , while alyosha wound up in the house of two ladies he had never even seen before , some distant relations of yefim petrovich 's , but on what terms he himself did not know .
it was characteristic , even highly characteristic of him , that he never worried about who was supporting him . in this he was the complete opposite of his older brother , ivan fyodorovich , who lived in poverty for his first two years at the university , supporting himself by his own labor , and who even as a child was bitterly aware that he was eating his benefactor 's bread .
but it was not possible , it seems , to judge this strange trait in alexei 's character very harshly , for anyone who got to know him a little would immediately be convinced , if the question arose , that alexei must be one of those youths , like holy fools , as it were , who , if they were to chance upon even a large fortune , would have no trouble giving it away for a good deed to the first asker , or maybe even to some clever swindler who approached them .
generally speaking , he seemed not to know the value of money at all -- -not , of course , in the literal sense . when he was given pocket money , which he himself never asked for , he either did not know what to do with it for weeks on end , or was so terribly careless with it that it disappeared in a moment .
later , after getting used to alyosha , pyotr alexandrovich miusov , who was rather ticklish on the subjects of money and bourgeois honesty , once pronounced the following aphorism : here , perhaps , is the only man in the world who , were you to leave him alone and without money on the square of some unknown city with a population of a million , would not perish , would not die of cold and hunger , for he would immediately be fed and immediately be taken care of , and if no one else took care of him , he would immediately take care of himself , and it would cost him no effort , and no humiliation , and he would be no burden to those who took care of him , who perhaps , on the contrary , would consider it a pleasure .
he did not complete his studies at school ; he had one more year to go when he suddenly announced to his ladies that he had to see his father about a certain matter that had come into his head .
they were sorry for him and did not want to let him go .
the trip was very inexpensive , and the ladies would not allow him to pawn his watch -- -a gift from his benefactor 's family before they went abroad --
he , however , returned half the money , announcing that he definitely intended to travel third class .
on his arrival in our town , he made no direct reply to the first question of his parent : and precisely why this visit before you 've finished your studies ?
it soon became clear that he was looking for his mother 's grave . he even as much as confessed himself , then , that that was the sole purpose of his coming .
but this hardly exhausted the reasons for his visit . most likely he himself did not know and would not at all have been able to explain what it was precisely that suddenly rose up in his soul and irresistibly drew him onto some sort of new , unknown , but already inevitable path .
fyodor pavlovich could not show him where he had buried his second wife , because he had never visited her grave after her coffin was covered with earth , and it was all so long ago that he just could not recall where they had buried her . by the way , about fyodor pavlovich .
three or four years after his second wife 's death , he set off for the south of russia and finally wound up in odessa , where he lived for several years in a row .
first , he made the acquaintance , in his own words , of a lot of yids , big yids , little yids , baby yids , but he ended up later being received not just by yids but by jews , too .
he came back to our town again , finally , only three years before alyosha 's arrival . former acquaintances found him terribly aged , though he was by no means such an old man .
he behaved , shall we say , not with more dignity but somehow with more effrontery .
there appeared in this old buffoon , for example , an insolent need to make others into buffoons . he now loved to be outrageous with the female sex , not simply as before , but even , somehow , in a more repulsive way .
after all , you do have your little two thousand -- -there 's a dowry for you ! -- -and i , my angel , will never forget you , i 'll pay in for you now , too , whatever 's due , if they ask .
he soon became the founder of a number of new taverns throughout the district . it was apparent that he had maybe as much as a hundred thousand , or perhaps only a little less . many inhabitants of our town and district immediately got into debt with him , naturally on the best securities .
i have already mentioned that he had grown very bloated .
hm ... i even had a feeling you 'd end up with something like that , can you imagine ?
and if there are no hooks , the whole thing falls apart , which , again , is unlikely , because then who will drag me down with hooks , because if they do n't drag me down , what then , and where is there any justice in the world ?
lately he had somehow become bloated ; he began somehow to be erratic , lost his self-control , and even fell into a sort of lightheadedness ; he would start one thing and end up with another ; he somehow became scattered ; and he got drunk more and more often .
if it had n't been for the very same servant grigory , who by then had also aged considerably , and who looked after him sometimes almost like a tutor , fyodor pavlovich would not have gotten away without serious trouble .
alyosha 's arrival seemed to affect him even on the moral side , as if something woke up in this untimely old man , something that had long been stifled in his soul .
i know , i know .
how do you know , my dear , that there are no hooks ?
how do you know , my dear , that there are no hooks ?
when you 've been with the monks for a while , you 'll sing a different tune .
but go , get to the truth there , and come back and tell me : anyway it will be easier to go to the other world knowing for certain what it 's like .
and it will be more proper for you to live with the monks than with me , a little old drunk man with his young girls ... though you 're like an angel , nothing touches you .
well , maybe nothing will touch you there either , that 's why i 'm letting you do it , because i hope for that .
the devil has n't made off with your wits .
you 'll burn and burn out , you 'll get cured and come back .
and i 'll be waiting for you : i really feel you 're the only one in the world who has n't condemned me , you are , my dear boy , i feel it , how can i not feel it ... !
he even began to snivel .
he was wicked and sentimental .
he was wicked and sentimental .
perhaps some of my readers will think that my young man was a sickly , ecstatic , poorly developed person , a pale dreamer , a meager , emaciated little fellow .
on the contrary , alyosha was at that time a well-built , red-cheeked nineteen-year-old youth , clear-eyed and bursting with health .
he was at that time even quite handsome , slender , of above-average height , with dark brown hair , a regular though slightly elongated face , and bright , deep gray , widely set eyes , rather thoughtful , and apparently rather serene .
some will say , perhaps , that red cheeks chapter : elders
are quite compatible with both fanaticism and mysticism , but it seems to me that alyosha was even more of a realist than the rest of us .
oh , of course , in the monastery he believed absolutely in miracles , but in my opinion miracles will never confound a realist .
it is not miracles that bring a realist to faith .
a true realist , if he is not a believer , will always find in himself the strength and ability not to believe in miracles as well , and if a miracle stands before him as an irrefutable fact , he will sooner doubt his own senses than admit the fact .
and even if he does admit it , he will admit it as a fact of nature that was previously unknown to him .
in the realist , faith is not born from miracles , but miracles from faith .
once the realist comes to believe , then , precisely because of his realism , he must also allow for miracles .
the apostle thomas declared that he would not believe until he saw , and when he saw , he said : my lord and my god !
was it the miracle that made him believe ?
most likely not , but he believed first and foremost because he wished to believe , and maybe already fully believed in his secret heart even as he was saying : i will not believe until i see .
some will say , perhaps , that alyosha was slow , undeveloped , had not finished his studies , and so on .
that he had not finished his studies is true , but to say that he was slow or stupid would be a great injustice .
i will simply repeat what i have already said above : he set out upon this path only because at the time it alone struck him and presented him all at once with the whole ideal way out for his soul struggling from darkness to light .
add to this that he was partly a young man of our time -- -that is , honest by nature , demanding the truth , seeking it and believing in it , and in that belief demanding immediate participation in it with all the strength of his soul ; demanding an immediate deed , with an unfailing desire to sacrifice everything for this deed , even life . although , unfortunately , these young men do not understand that the sacrifice of life is , perhaps , the easiest of all sacrifices in many cases , while to sacrifice , for example , five or six years of their ebulliently youthful life to hard , difficult studies , to learning , in order to increase tenfold their strength to serve the very truth and the very deed that they loved and set out to accomplish -- -such sacrifice is quite often almost beyond the strength of many of them .
alyosha simply chose the opposite path from all others , but with the same thirst for an immediate deed .
as soon as he reflected seriously and was struck by the conviction that immortality and god exist , he naturally said at once to himself : i want to live for immortality , and i reject any halfway compromise .
in just the same way , if he had decided that immortality and god do not exist , he would immediately have joined the atheists and socialists ( for socialism is not only the labor question or the question of the so-called fourth estate , but first of all the question of atheism , the question of the modern embodiment of atheism , the question of the tower of babel built precisely without god , not to go from earth to heaven but to bring heaven down to earth ) .
to alyosha it even seemed strange and impossible to go on living as before .
it was said : if thou wilt be perfect , give all that thou hast to the poor and come and follow me .
so alyosha said to himself : i can not give two roubles instead of 'all , and instead of 'follow me ' just go to the sunday liturgy .
among his early childhood memories , chapter : elders something may have been preserved about our neighboring monastery , where his mother may have taken him to the sunday liturgy .
perhaps he was also affected by the slanting rays of the setting sun before the icon to which his mother , the
i shall try , however , to give a superficial account in a few words .
thoughtful , he came to us , then , maybe only to see if it was all here , or if here , too , there were only two roubles -- -and in the monastery he met this elder . this elder was , as i have explained above , the elder zosima ; but i ought to say a few words first about what , generally , the elders in our monasteries are , and the pity is that i feel myself not very competent or steady on this path .
first of all , special and competent people maintain that elders and the institution of elders appeared in our country , in our russian monasteries , only very recently , less than a hundred years ago , whereas in the whole orthodox east , especially on sinai and athos , they have existed for well over a thousand years .
some maintain that the institution of elders also existed in russia in ancient times , or must have existed , but that owing to national calamities -- -the tartar yoke , disorders , the interruption of the former ties with the east after the fall of constantinople -- -the institution was forgotten and elders ceased .
it was revived again in our country at the end of the last century by one of the great ascetics ( as he is known ) , paissy velichkovsky , and his disciples , but even to this day , after almost a hundred years , it exists in rather few monasteries and has sometimes been subjected almost to persecution as an unheard-of innovation in russia .
the institution flourished especially in one celebrated hermitage , kozelskaya-optina .
when and by whom it was planted in our neighboring monastery i can not say , but they had already counted a succession of three elders , the latest being the elder zosima .
but he himself was now dying from weakness and disease , and they did not even know whom to replace him with .
it was an important question for our monastery , which until then had not been famous for anything in particular : it had no relics of saints , no wonder-working icons , not even any glorious legends connected with its history , nor did it have to its credit any historical deeds or services to the fatherland .
it flourished and became famous all over russia precisely because of the elders , whom crowds of pilgrims from all over russia , from thousands of miles , came flocking to us to see and hear .
what , then , is an elder ?
an elder is one who takes your soul , your will into his soul and into his will .
having chosen an elder , you renounce your will and give it to him under total obedience and with total self-renunciation .
a man who dooms himself to this trial , this terrible school of life , does so voluntarily , in the hope that after the long trial he will achieve self-conquest , self-mastery to such a degree that he will , finally , through a whole life 's obedience , attain to perfect freedom -- -that is , freedom from himself -- -and avoid the lot of those who live their whole lives without finding themselves in themselves .
this invention -- -that is , the institution of elders -- -is not a theoretical one , but grew in the east out of a practice that in our time is already more than a thousand years old .
the obligations due to an elder are not the same as the ordinary obedience that has always existed in our russian monasteries as chapter : elders
all disciples accept an eternal confession to the elder , and an indissoluble bond between the one who binds and the one who is bound .
they say , for instance , that once in the early days of christianity there was such a disciple who , having failed to fulfill a certain obedience imposed on him by his elder , left his monastery in syria and went to another country , to egypt .
there , after a long life of great asceticism , it was finally granted him to suffer torture and die a martyr for the faith .
when the church , already venerating him as a saint , went to bury his body , suddenly , at the deacon 's exclamation : all catechumens , depart , the coffin containing the martyr 's body tore from its place and cast itself out of the church .
this happened three times .
in the end , it was discovered that this holy martyr had broken his obedience and left his elder , and therefore could not be forgiven without the elder 's absolution , even despite his great deeds . the elder was summoned and absolved him of his obedience , and only then could his burial take place .
of course , all that is only ancient legend , but here is a recent fact : one of our contemporary monks was seeking salvation on mount athos , and suddenly his elder ordered him to leave athos , which he loved and adored with all his soul as a haven of peace , and go first to jerusalem to venerate the holy places , and then back to russia , to the north , to siberia : your place is there , not here .
stricken and overcome with grief , the monk went to constantinople , to the ecumenical patriarch , and implored him to release him from his obedience , but the ecumenical bishop replied that not only was he , the ecumenical patriarch , unable to release him but there neither was nor could be any power on earth that could release him from his obedience , once it had been imposed by the elder , except the power of the very elder who had imposed it .
thus elders are , in certain cases , granted a boundless and inconceivable power . that is why in many russian monasteries the institution of elders was first met almost with persecution .
yet elders immediately found great respect among the people . for instance , common people as well as the highest nobility flocked to the elders of our monastery so that , prostrating before them , they could confess to them their doubts , their sins , their sufferings , and ask for advice and admonition .
seeing which , the opponents of the elders shouted , among other accusations , that here the sacrament of confession was being arbitrarily and frivolously degraded , although a disciple 's or layman 's ceaseless confession of his soul to the elder is not at all sacramental .
in the end , however , the institution of elders held out and is being established little by little in russian monasteries .
it is also true , perhaps , that this tested and already thousand-year-old instrument for the moral regeneration of man from slavery to freedom and to moral perfection may turn into a double-edged weapon , which may lead a person not to humility and ultimate self-control but , on the contrary , to the most satanic pride -- -that is , to fetters and not to freedom .
the elder zosima was about sixty-five years old , came from a landowning family , had been in the army back in his very early youth , and served in the caucasus as a commissioned officer .
no doubt he struck alyosha by some special quality of his soul . alyosha lived in the cell of the elder , who loved him very much chapter : elders
it should be noted that alyosha , while living in the monastery at that time , was not yet bound by anything , could go wherever he pleased even for whole days , and if he wore a cassock , it was voluntarily , so as not to be different from anyone else in the monastery . but of course he also liked it .
it may be that alyosha 's youthful imagination was deeply affected by the power and fame that constantly surrounded his elder .
many said of the elder zosima that , having for so many years received all those who came to him to open their hearts , thirsting for advice and for a healing word , having taken into his soul so many confessions , sorrows , confidences , he acquired in the end such fine discernment that he could tell , from the first glance at a visiting stranger 's face , what was in his mind , what he needed , and even what kind of suffering tormented his conscience ; and he sometimes astonished , perplexed , and almost frightened the visitor by this knowledge of his secret even before he had spoken a word .
but at the same time , alyosha almost always noticed that many people , nearly everyone , who came to the elder for the first time for a private talk , would enter in fear and anxiety and almost always come out bright and joyful , and that the gloomiest lace would be transformed into a happy one .
alyosha was remarkably struck by the fact that the elder was not at all stern ; that , on the contrary , he was almost always cheerful in manner .
the monks used to say of him that he was attached in his soul precisely to those who were the more sinful , and that he who was most sinful the elder loved most of all .
there were some among the monks , even towards the very end of the elder 's life , who hated and envied him , but they were becoming fewer , and they were silent , although they numbered among themselves several renowned and important persons in the monastery -- -for instance , one of the most aged monks , famous for his great silence and remarkable fasting .
however , the vast majority were already undoubtedly on the elder zosima 's side , and many among them loved him with all their hearts , ardently and sincerely ; some were almost fanatically attached to him .
these said outright , if not quite aloud , that he was a saint , that there was already no doubt of it , and , foreseeing his near end , even expected immediate miracles from the deceased and , in the nearest future , great glory for the monastery .
alyosha , too , had unquestioning faith in the miraculous power of the elder , just as he had unquestioning faith in the story of the coffin that kept flying out of the church .
many of those who came with sick children or adult relatives and implored the elder to lay his hands on them and say a prayer over them , he saw return soon , some even the next day , and , falling in tears before the elder , thank him for healing their sick .
whether it was a real healing or simply a natural improvement in the course of the disease was a question that did not exist for alyosha , for he already fully believed in the spiritual power of his teacher , and his glory was , as it were , alyosha 's own triumph .
his heart especially throbbed and he became radiant when the elder came out to the crowd of simple pilgrims waiting for him at the gates of the hermitage , who flocked from all over russia purposely to see the elder and receive his blessing . they prostrated before him , wept , kissed his feet , kissed the ground he stood on , and cried out ; women held their children up to him , they brought him the chapter : elders
the elder spoke to them , read a brief prayer over them , blessed and dismissed them . recently he sometimes became so weak from the attacks of his illness that he was scarcely able to leave his cell , and the pilgrims sometimes waited in the monastery several days for him to come out .
for alyosha there was no question of why they loved him so much , why they prostrated before him and wept so tenderly just at the sight of his face .
oh , how well he understood that for the humble soul of the simple russian , worn out by toil and grief , and , above all , by everlasting injustice and everlasting sin , his own and the world 's , there is no stronger need and consolation than to find some holy thing or person , to fall down before him and venerate him : though with us there is sin , unrighteousness , and temptation , still , all the same , there is on earth , in such and such a place , somewhere , someone holy and exalted ; he has the truth ; he knows the truth ; so the truth does not die on earth , and therefore someday it will come to us and will reign over all the earth , as has been promised .
oh , how well he understood that for the humble soul of the simple russian , worn out by toil and grief , and , above all , by everlasting injustice and everlasting sin , his own and the world 's , there is no stronger need and consolation than to find some holy thing or person , to fall down before him and venerate him : though with us there is sin , unrighteousness , and temptation , still , all the same , there is on earth , in such and such a place , somewhere , someone holy and exalted ; he has the truth ; he knows the truth ; so the truth does not die on earth , and therefore someday it will come to us and will reign over all the earth , as has been promised .
alyosha knew that this was precisely how the people felt and even reasoned ; he understood it ; and that the elder zosima was precisely that very saint , that keeper of god 's truth in the eyes of the people -- -this he himself did not doubt at all , any more than did those weeping peasants and their sick women who held out their children to the elder .
the conviction that the elder , after death , would bring remarkable glory to the monastery , reigned in alyosha 's soul perhaps even more strongly than in anyone else 's in the monastery .
and generally of late a certain deep , flaming inner rapture burned more and more strongly in his heart .
he was not at all troubled that the elder , after all , stood solitary before him : no matter , he is holy , in his heart there is the secret of renewal for all , the power that will finally establish the truth on earth , and all will be holy and will love one another , and there will be neither rich nor poor , neither exalted nor humiliated , but all will be like the children of god , and the true kingdom of christ will come .
that was the dream in alyosha 's heart .
it appears that alyosha was strongly impressed by the arrival of his two brothers , whom until then he had not known at all .
he became friends more quickly and intimately with his half-brother , dmitri fyodorovich -- -though he arrived later -- -than with his other brother , ivan fyodorovich . he was terribly interested in getting to know his brother ivan , but though the latter had already spent two months in our town , and they met fairly often , they still somehow were not close : alyosha was reticent himself , and seemed as if he were waiting for something , as if he were ashamed of something ; and his brother ivan , though alyosha noticed how he looked long and curiously at him at first , soon seemed even to have stopped thinking about him .
alyosha noticed this with some puzzlement . he attributed his brother 's indifference to the disparity in their ages and especially in their education .
but he also thought that , perhaps , such scant curiosity and interest in him on ivan 's part might be caused by something completely unknown to him . for some reason he kept thinking that ivan was preoccupied with something , something inward and important , that he was striving towards some goal , possibly a very difficult one , so that he simply could not be chapter : elders bothered with him , and that that was the only reason why he looked at alyosha so absently .
alyosha also kept wondering whether the learned atheist did not feel some sort of contempt for him , the silly little novice . he knew perfectly well that his brother was an atheist . this contempt , if there were any , could not offend him , but still he was waiting with some sort of anxious puzzlement , which he himself did not understand , waiting for his brother to move closer to him .
his brother dmitri fyodorovich spoke of their brother ivan with the deepest respect ; he talked about him with a special sort of feeling . it was from him that alyosha learned all the details of the important affair that had recently joined the two older brothers with such a wonderful and close bond . dmitri 's rapturous words about his brother ivan were all the more significant in alyosha 's eyes since , compared with ivan , dmitri was an almost entirely uneducated man , and the two placed side by side would seem to present so striking a contrast , in personality as well as in character , that it would perhaps be impossible to imagine two men more unlike each other .
dmitri thought for a moment , because he could not recall what he had promised , and replied in a letter that he would do his best to restrain himself in the face of vileness , and that although he deeply respected the elder and their brother ivan , he was convinced that the whole thing was either some sort of trap , or an unworthy farce .
since his old feud with the monastery was still going on , and the lawsuit over the boundaries of their land and some rights for cutting wood in the forest and fishing in the river and so on was still being dragged out , he hastened to take advantage of this meeting under the pretext of an intention to settle everything with the father superior and end all their controversies amicably .
nevertheless , his greatest concern was for the elder : he trembled for him , for his glory ; he feared any insult to him , especially miusov 's refined , polite jibes and the haughty innuendos of the learned ivan , as he pictured it all to himself .
he only sent word to his brother dmitri , through an acquaintance , on the eve of the appointed day , that he loved him and expected him to keep his promise .
it was at that time that the meeting , or one might better say the family gathering , of all the members of this discordant family , which had such an extraordinary influence on alyosha , took place in the elder 's cell . the pretext for the gathering , in reality , was false . precisely at that time , the disagreements between dmitri fyodorovich and his father , fyodor pavlovich , over the inheritance and the property accounts had , it seemed , reached an impossible point .
a visitor with such good intentions would , of course , be received in the monastery more attentively and deferentially than one who was merely curious .
nevertheless , i would sooner bite off my own tongue than fail to show respect for the saintly man you esteem so highly , dmitri concluded his note .
their relations sharpened and became unbearable . fyodor pavlovich was apparently the first to suggest , apparently as a joke , that they all get together in the elder zosima 's cell , and , without resorting to his direct mediation , still come to some decent agreement , since the dignity and personality of the elder might be somehow influential and conciliatory . dmitri fyodorovich , who had never been at the elder 's and had never even seen him , thought , of course , that they wanted to frighten him with the elder , as it were , but since he secretly reproached himself for a number of especially harsh outbursts recently in his arguments with his father , he decided to accept the challenge .
in the end , the elder agreed to see them , and the day was fixed .
he merely remarked to alyosha with a smile .
he even wanted to risk warning the elder , to tell him something about these persons who were soon to arrive , but he thought better of it and kept silent .
his brother ivan and miusov would come out of curiosity , perhaps of the crudest sort , and his father , perhaps , for some buffoonery or theatrics .
no doubt he was concerned within himself , in his heart , that somehow all these family disagreements should end .
i repeat , this boy was not at all as naive as everyone thought he was .
it happened that pyotr alexandrovich miusov , who was living among us at the time , especially seized upon this idea of fyodor pavlovich 's . a liberal of the forties and fifties , a freethinker and an atheist , miusov , perhaps out of boredom , or perhaps for some lighthearted sport , enthusiastically took part in the affair . he suddenly wanted to have a look at the monastery and the saint .
when he heard about this meeting , alyosha was very disturbed . if any of these quarrelers and litigants could take such a council seriously , it was undoubtedly only his brother dmitri . the rest would come with frivolous purposes , perhaps offensive to the elder -- -this alyosha knew .
incidentally , he did not live in his father 's house , like ivan fyodorovich , but by himself at the other end of town .
alyosha was not greatly encouraged by it .
the day was beautiful , warm and clear .
the meeting with the elder had been appointed for immediately after the late liturgy , about half past eleven .
our monastery visitors did not , however , appear at the liturgy , but arrived just as the show was over .
they drove up in two carriages : in the first , a jaunty barouche drawn by a pair of expensive horses , sat pyotr alexandrovich miusov with a distant relative of his , a very young man , about twenty years old , pyotr fomich kalganov . this young man was preparing to enter university , whereas miusov , with whom he was for some reason meanwhile living , was tempting him to go abroad with him , to zurich or jena , to enter university and pursue his studies there .
he was thoughtful and , as it were , distracted .
he had a nice face , was strongly built and rather tall .
his gaze sometimes acquired a strange fixity : like all very distracted people , he would sometimes look directly at you , and for a long time , without seeing you at all .
he was taciturn and somewhat awkward , but occasionally -- -only , by the way , when he was alone with someone -- -he would suddenly become terribly talkative , impulsive , giggly , laughing sometimes for no reason at all .
he was always well and even elegantly dressed ; he already possessed some independent means and had expectations of much more . he was friendly with alyosha .
in a very ancient , rattling , but roomy hired carriage , with a pair of old pink-ish gray horses that lagged far behind miusov 's carriage , fyodor pavlovich also drove up with his boy ivan fyodorovich .
dmitri fyodorovich had been informed of the time and length of the visit the day before , but he was late .
the visitors left their carriages at the guest house outside the walls and entered the gates of the monastery on foot .
with the exception of fyodor pavlovich , none of the other three seemed ever to have seen any monastery before ; as for miusov , he probably had not even been to church for some thirty years .
he looked around with a sort of curiosity that was not without a certain assumed familiarity .
mind was presented with nothing inside the monastery walls except a church and some outbuildings , which were in any case quite ordinary .
the last worshippers were leaving the church , taking off their hats and crossing themselves .
among the common people were a few from higher society , two or three ladies , one very old general ; they were all staying at the guest house .
beggars immediately surrounded our visitors , but no one gave them anything . only petrusha kalganov took a ten-kopeck piece from his purse and , embarrassed for some reason , hastily shoved it at one woman , saying quickly : to be shared equally .
none of his companions said anything to him , so there was no point in his being embarrassed ; which , when he noticed it , made him even more embarrassed .
it was odd , however ; they should , in fact , have been met , perhaps even with some sort of honor : one of them had recently donated a thousand roubles , and another was the richest landowner and , so to speak , the best-educated man , on whom everyone there somewhat depended as far as catching fish in the river was concerned , subject to what turn the trial might take . and yet none of the official persons came to meet them .
miusov gazed distractedly at the tombstones near the church , and was on the point of remarking that these tombs must have cost the relatives a pretty penny for the right to bury their dead in such a holy place , but he said nothing : mere liberal irony was transforming itself in him almost into wrath . but , devil take it , is n't there someone we can ask in all this muddle ?
something must be done , we 're wasting time , he said suddenly , speaking , as it were , to himself .
suddenly an elderly , balding gentleman in a loose summer coat , and with sweet little eyes , came up to them . tipping his hat and speaking in a honeyed lisp , he introduced himself as the tula landowner , maximov .
the elder zosima lives in the hermitage ... shut up in the hermitage .
about four hundred paces from the monastery ... through the woods .
but we do not quite remember the way , it 's a long time since we were here .
out the gate here , and straight through the woods , through the woods , follow me .
if i may ... i myself ... i , too , am ... this way , this way ...
they went out the gate and through the woods . the landowner maximov , a man of about sixty , was not so much walking but , more precisely , almost running alongside , staring at them all with contorted , almost impossible curiosity .
you see , we have come to this elder on a private matter , miusov remarked sternly .
we have , so to speak , been granted an audience with this 'said person , and therefore , though we thank you for showing us the way , we can not invite you to go in with us .
i 've been , i 've been already ... un chevalier parfait !
who is a chevalier ?
the elder , the splendid elder , the elder ... the honor and glory of the monastery .
but his disjointed talk was cut short by a little monk in a cowl , very pale and haggard , who overtook them .
fyodor pavlovich and miusov stopped . the monk , with an extremely courteous , deep bow , announced :
the father superior humbly invites you , gentlemen , to dine with him after your visit to the hermitage . in his rooms , at one o'clock , not later .
he turned to maximov .
is that all you can think of ... ?
that i shall certainly do ! cried fyodor pavlovich , terribly pleased at the invitation . and you know , we 've all given our word to behave properly here ... and you , pyotr alexandrovich , will you go ?
do you think i like it , all this mess , and in your company , too ?
did i not come here precisely to observe all their customs ?
only one thing bothers me , and that is being in your company , fyodor pavlovich ... yes , dmitri fyodorovich does n't exist yet .
and it would be excellent if he failed to come at all .
so we shall come to dinner , thank the father superior , he turned to the little monk . no , it is my duty now to conduct you to the elder , the monk replied .
in that case , i shall go meanwhile to the father superior , straight to the father superior , chirped the landowner maximov . the father superior is busy at the moment . however , as you please ... , the monk said hesitantly .
a most obnoxious old fellow , miusov remarked aloud , as the landowner maximov ran back to the monastery .
he looks like von sohn , fyodor pavlovich declared suddenly .
why should he look like von sohn ?
have you ever seen von sohn ? i 've seen his photograph .
it 's not his features , but something inexplicable .
he 's the spit and image of von sohn .
i can always tell just by the physiognomy .
well , maybe so ; you 're an expert in such things . but see here , fyodor pavlovich , you yourself were just pleased to mention that we 've given our word to behave properly , remember ?
i 'm telling you -- -control yourself . if you start any buffoonery , i have no intention of being put on the same level with you here .
you see what sort of man he is , he turned to the monk .
i 'm afraid to appear among decent people with him .
a thin , silent little smile , not without cunning of a sort , appeared on the pale , bloodless lips of the monk , but he made no reply , and it was all too clear that he remained silent from a sense of his own dignity .
oh , the devil take the lot of them , it 's just a front , cultivated for centuries , and underneath nothing but charlatanism and nonsense !
here 's the hermitage , we 've arrived ! the fence chapter : they arrive at the monastery
when in rome , do as the romans do , he remarked .
here in the hermitage there are altogether twenty-five saints saving their souls , looking at each other and eating cabbage .
and not one woman ever goes through these gates , that 's what 's so remarkable . and it 's really true .
only did n't i hear that the elder receives ladies ? he suddenly addressed the monk .
and for higher ladies two small rooms were built on the porch , but outside the wall -- -you can see the windows -- -and the elder ? omes to them by an inner passage , when he feels well enough , so it is still outside the wall .
right now there is a lady , a landowner from kharkov , madame khokhlakov , waiting there with her paralyzed daughter .
probably he has promised to come out to them , although lately he 's been so weak that he 's hardly shown himself even to the common people .
so , after all , a little hole has been made from the hermitage to the ladies .
not that i 'm implying anything , holy father , i 'm just ... you know , on mount athos -- -have you heard ? -- -not only are the visits of women not allowed , but no women at all , no female creatures of any kind -- -no hens , no hen-turkeys , no heifers ...
how am i bothering you , pyotr alexandrovich ?
fyodor pavlovich , i shall turn back and leave you here , and without me they will throw you out , i forewarn you !
just look , he cried suddenly , stepping inside the wall of the hermitage , what a vale of roses they live in !
indeed , though there were no roses , there were many rare and beautiful autumn flowers , wherever there was room for them .
there were flowerbeds within the church fences and between the graves .
the little house where the elder had his cell , wooden , one-storied , with a front porch , was also surrounded with flowers .
was it like this in the time of the previous elder , varsonofy ?
they say he did n't like such niceties , they say he used to jump up and beat even ladies with a stick , fyodor pavlovich remarked as he went up the steps .
the elder varsonofy indeed sometimes seemed like a holy fool , but much of what is told about him is nonsense .
and he never beat anyone with a stick ,
now , gentlemen , if you will wait a moment , i will announce you .
fyodor pavlovich , for the last time i give you my conditions , do you hear ? behave yourself , or i will pay you back for it , miusov had time to mutter once again .
i do n't see why you 're so greatly agitated , fyodor pavlovich said mockingly .
are you afraid of your little sins ? they say he can tell what 's on a man 's mind by the look in his eyes .
and , anyway , do you value their opinion so highly -- -you , such a parisian , such a progressive-minded gentleman ?
but miusov did not have time to reply to this sarcasm .
he walked in feeling somewhat irritated .
that 's it , i know what will happen , i 'm irritated , i 'll start arguing ... lose my temper ... demean myself and my ideas , flashed through his head .
they came into the room almost at the same moment as the elder , who emerged from his bedroom just as they appeared .
two hieromonks of the hermitage were already in the cell awaiting the elder , one of them the father librarian , and the other father paissy , a sick man , though not old , but , it was said , a very learned one . besides them , there stood in the corner ( and remained standing there all the while ) a young fellow who looked to be about twenty-two and was dressed in an ordinary frock coat , a seminarian and future theologian , who for some reason enjoyed the patronage of the monastery and the brothers .
he was rather tall and had a fresh face , with wide cheekbones and intelligent , attentive , narrow brown eyes .
his face expressed complete deference , but decently , with no apparent fawning .
he did not even bow to greet the guests as they entered , not being their equal , but , on the contrary , a subordinate and dependent person .
the elder zosima came out accompanied by a novice and alyosha .
the hieromonks rose and greeted him with a very deep bow , touching the ground with their fingers , and , having received his blessing , kissed his hand .
when he had blessed them , the elder returned the same deep bow to each of them , touching the ground with his fingers , and asked a blessing of each of them for himself .
the whole ceremony was performed very seriously , not at all like some everyday ritual , but almost with a certain feeling .
to miusov , however , it all seemed done with deliberate suggestion .
he stood in front of all his fellow visitors . -- and he had even pondered it the previous evening -- - despite all his ideas , just out of simple courtesy ( since it was customary there ) , to come up and receive the elder 's blessing , at least receive his blessing , even if he did not kiss his hand .
but now , seeing all this bowing and kissing of the hieromonks , he instantly changed his mind : gravely and with dignity he made a rather deep bow , by worldly standards , and went over to a chair .
fyodor pavlovich did exactly the same , this time , like an ape , mimicking miusov perfectly .
ivan fyodorovich bowed with great dignity and propriety , but he , too , kept his hands at his sides , while kalganov was so nonplussed that he did not bow at all .
the elder let fall the hand he had raised for the blessing and , bowing to them once more , invited them all to sit down .
the blood rushed to alyosha 's cheeks ; he was ashamed .
the elder sat down on a very old-fashioned , leather-covered mahogany settee , and placed his guests , except for the two hieromonks , along the opposite wall , all four in a row , on four mahogany chairs with badly worn black leather chapter : the old buffoon
the hieromonks sat at either end of the room , one by the door , the other by the window . the seminarian , alyosha , and the novice remained standing .
the whole cell was hardly very big and looked rather dull .
the objects and furniture were crude and poor , and only what was necessary .
two potted plants stood on the windowsill , and there were many icons in the corner -- -including a huge one of the mother of god painted , probably , long before the schism .
an icon lamp flickered before it .
next to it were two more icons in shiny casings , and next to them some little figurines of cherubs , porcelain eggs , an ivory catholic crucifix with the mater dolorosa embracing it , and several imported engravings from great italian artists of the past centuries .
next to these fine and expensive prints were displayed several sheets of the commonest russian lithographs of saints , martyrs , hierarchs , and so on , such as are sold for a few kopecks at any fair .
there were several lithographic portraits of russian bishops , past and present , but these were on other walls .
miusov glanced at all this officialism , then fixed the elder intently with his gaze .
he esteemed this gaze -- -a weakness forgivable in him , in any case , considering that he was already fifty years old , the age at which an intelligent and worldly man of means always becomes more respectful of himself , sometimes even against his own will .
he disliked the elder from the first moment .
indeed , there was something in the elder 's face that many other people besides miusov might have disliked .
he was a short , bent little man , with very weak legs , who was just sixty-five , but , owing to his illness , appeared much older , by at least ten years .
his whole face , which , by the way , was quite withered , was strewn with little wrinkles , especially numerous around his eyes .
his eyes themselves were small , pale , quick and bright like two bright points .
a few white hairs remained only on his temples , his pointed beard was tiny and sparse , and his often smiling lips were as thin as two threads .
his nose was not so much long as sharp , like a little bird 's beak .
to all appearances a malicious and pettily arrogant little soul , flashed through miusov 's head .
in general he felt very displeased with himself .
a cheap little wall clock with weights rapidly struck twelve .
it 's precisely the time , cried fyodor pavlovich , and my son dmitri fyodorovich still is n't here !
i apologize for him , sacred elder !
( alyosha cringed all over at this sacred elder . )
i myself am always very punctual , to the minute , remembering that punctuality is the courtesy of kings . not that you 're a king , muttered miusov , unable to restrain himself in time .
that 's quite true , i 'm not a king .
and just imagine , pyotr alexandrovich , i even knew it myself , by god ! you see , i 'm always saying something out of place !
your reverence , he exclaimed with a sort of instant pathos , you see before you a buffoon !
thus i introduce myself !
it 's an old habit , alas !
and if i sometimes tell lies inappropriately , i do it even on purpose , on purpose to be pleasant and make people laugh .
one ought to be pleasant , is n't that so ?
i came to a little town seven years ago , i had a little business there , and went around with some of their merchants .
i spoke directly with him , you know , with the familiarity of a man of the world : 'mr .
because we wanted to see him about something and invite him to have dinner with us . out comes the ispravnik , a tall man , fat , blond , and gloomy -- -the most dangerous type in such cases -- - it 's the liver , the liver .
'what do you mean , your napravnik ?
'no , he says , 'have it your way .
i explained it all and compared it quite reasonably , did n't i ?
' i wanted , i say , 'to make a joke , for our general amusement .
mr. napravnik is our famous russian kapellmeister , and we , for the harmony of our enterprise , also precisely need a sort of kapellmeister , as it were .
i can see from the first split second that it 's not coming off , that he 's standing there seriously , but i keep on :
and that 's how i am , it 's always like that with me .
i started after him , calling out : 'yes , yes , you are an ispravnik , not napravnik .
i beg your pardon , he says , ' i am an ispravnik , and i will not allow you to use my title for your puns . ' he turned around and was about to walk away .
and just imagine , our deal fell through !
i 'm forever damaging myself with my own courtesy !
once , this was many years ago now , i said to an influential person , 'your wife , sir , is a ticklish woman , referring to her honor , her moral qualities , so to speak .
'did you tickle her ?
i could n't help myself ; why not a little pleasant banter , i thought ? 'yes , i said , ' i did tickle her , sir .
well , at that he gave me quite a tickling ... !
but it was a long time ago , so i 'm not even ashamed to tell about it . i 'm always damaging myself like that !
you 're doing it now , too , miusov muttered in disgust . the elder silently looked from one to the other .
imagine , i knew it all along , pyotr alexandrovich , and , you know i even had a feeling that i was doing it just as i started speaking , and you know , i even had a feeling that you would be the first to point it out to me .
in those seconds when i see that my joke is n't going over , my cheeks , reverend lather , begin to stick to my lower gums ; it feels almost like a cramp ; i 've had it since my young days , when i was a sponger on the gentry and made my living by sponging .
i 'm a natural-born buffoon , i am , reverend father , just like a holy fool ; i wo n't deny that there 's maybe an unclean spirit living in me , too not a very high caliber one , by the way , otherwise he would have chosen grander quarters , only not you , pyotr alexandrovich , your quarters are none too grand either .
but to make up for it , i believe , i believe in god .
it 's only lately that i 've begun to have doubts , but to make up for it i 'm sitting and waiting to hear lofty words .
i am , reverend father , like the philosopher diderot .
do you know , most holy father , how diderot the philosopher came to see metropolitan platon in the time of the empress catherine ?
he walks in and says right off : 'there is no god .
to which the great hierarch raises his finger and answers : 'the fool hath said in his heart , there is no god .
right then and there our man fell at his feet : ' i believe , he cries , ' i will accept baptism !
and so they baptized him at once .
princess dashkova was his godmother , and his godfather was potiomkin .
fyodor pavlovich , this is unbearable !
you know yourself that you are lying , chapter : the old buffoon that your silly story is n't true .
why are you clowning ?
miusov said in a trembling voice , losing all control of himself .
all my life i 've had a feeling that it was n't true !
fyodor pavlovich cried excitedly .
no , let me tell you the whole truth , gentlemen .
forgive me , but that last part , about diderot 's baptism , i invented myself just a moment ago , while i was telling it to you .
it never occurred to me before .
that 's why i 'm clowning , pyotr alexandrovich , to make myself more endearing . though sometimes i do n't know myself why i do it .
as for diderot , i heard this 'the fool hath said ' maybe twenty times from local landowners when i was still young and lived with them ; by the way , i also heard it , pyotr alexandrovich , from your aunt , mavra fominishna . they all still believe that the godless diderot came to metropolitan platon to argue about god ...
miusov rose , not only losing patience , but even somehow forgetting himself . he was furious , and realized that this made him ridiculous .
indeed , something altogether impossible was taking place in the cell .
for perhaps forty or fifty years , from the time of the former elders , visitors had been coming to this cell , but always with the deepest reverence , not otherwise .
almost all who were admitted entered the cell with the awareness that they were being shown great favor . many fell to their knees and would not rise for as long as the visit lasted . higher persons , even many of the most learned ones , moreover even some of the freethinkers who came out of curiosity , or for some other reason , when entering the cell with others or having obtained a private audience , considered it their foremost duty -- -to a man -- - to show the deepest respect and tactfulness throughout the audience , the more so as there was no question of money involved , but only of love and mercy on one side , and on the other of repentance and the desire to resolve some difficult question of the soul or a difficult moment in the life of the heart .
so that suddenly this buffoonery displayed by fyodor pavlovich , with no respect for the place he was in , produced in the onlookers , at least in some of them , both astonishment and bewilderment .
the hieromonks , who incidentally showed no change at all in their physiognomies , were watching with grave attention for what the elder would say , but they seemed as if they were about to stand up , like miusov . alyosha was on the verge of tears and stood looking downcast .
what seemed strangest of all to him was that his brother , ivan fyodorovich , on whom alone he had relied and who alone had enough influence on their father to have been able to stop him , was now sitting quite motionless in his chair , looking down and waiting , apparently with some kind of inquisitive curiosity , to see how it would all end , as if he himself were a complete stranger there . alyosha could not even look at rakitin ( the seminarian ) , whom he knew and was almost close with . alyosha knew his thoughts ( though he alone in the whole monastery knew them ) .
forgive me ... , miusov began , addressing the elder , it may seem to you that i , too , am a participant in this unworthy farce . my mistake was in trusting that even such a man as fyodor pavlovich would be willing to recognize his duties when visiting such a venerable person ... i did not think that i would have to chapter : the old buffoon apologize just for the fact of coming with him ...
he suddenly threw himself on his knees , what should i do to inherit eternal life ?
pyotr alexandrovich broke off and , completely embarrassed , was about to leave the room . do not upset yourself , i beg you , the elder suddenly rose on his feeble legs , took pyotr alexandrovich by both hands , and sat him down again on the chair . do not worry , i beg you .
and with a bow , he turned and sat down again on his settee . great elder , speak and tell me whether i offend you with my liveliness or not ? fyodor pavlovich suddenly cried , gripping the arms of his chair as if he were about to leap out of it , depending on the answer .
i earnestly beg you , too , not to worry and not to be uncomfortable , the elder said to him imposingly . be at ease , and feel completely at home . and above all do not be so ashamed of yourself , for that is the cause of everything .
you mean in my natural state ? oh , that is much , too much -- -but i 'm touched , and i accept ! you know , blessed father , you should n't challenge me to be in my natural state , you should n't risk it ... i myself will not go so far as to be in my natural state .
i ask you particularly to be my guest .
i 'm warning you in order to protect you .
well , and the rest is wrapped in the mists of uncertainty ; though there are some who would like to paint me in broad strokes .
i 'm referring to you , pyotr alexandrovich ; and you , most holy being , here is what i have for you : i pour out my rapture ! he rose slightly and , lifting up his hands , said ; 'blessed is the womb that bare thee and the paps which thou hast sucked -- -the paps especially !
that remark you just made : 'not to be so ashamed of myself , for that is the cause of everything ' -- -it 's as if you pierced me right through and read inside me . that is exactly how it all seems to me , when i walk into a room , that i 'm lower than anyone else , and that everyone takes me for a buffoon , so 'why not , indeed , play the buffoon , i 'm not afraid of your opinions , because you 're all , to a man , lower than me ! ' that 's why i 'm a buffoon , i 'm a buffoon out of shame , great elder , out of shame .
i act up just because i 'm insecure . if only i were sure , when i came in , that everyone would take me at once for the most pleasant and intelligent of men -- -oh , lord ! what a good man i 'd be !
it was hard even now to tell whether he was joking or was indeed greatly moved .
the elder looked up at him and said with a smile :
you 've known for a long time what you should do ; you have sense enough : do not give yourself up to drunkenness and verbal incontinence , do not give yourself up to sensuality , and especially to the adoration of money , and close your taverns ; if you can not close all of them then at least two or three .
and above all , above everything else -- -do not lie .
about diderot , you mean ?
no , not exactly about diderot .
precisely , precisely , it feels good to be offended .
above all , do not lie to yourself . a man who lies to himself and listens to his own lie comes to a point where he does not discern any truth either in himself or anywhere around him , and thus falls into disrespect towards himself and others .
not respecting anyone , he ceases to chapter : the old buffoon love , and having no love , he gives himself up to passions and coarse pleasures , in order to occupy and amuse himself , and in his vices reaches complete bestiality , and it all comes from lying continually to others and to himself .
a man who lies to himself is often the first to take offense .
it sometimes feels very good to take offense , does n't it ? and surely he knows that no one has offended him , and that he himself has invented the offense and told lies just for the beauty of it , that he has exaggerated for the sake of effect , that he has picked on a word and made a mountain out of a pea -- -he knows all of that , and still he is the first to take offense , he likes feeling offended , it gives him great pleasure , and thus he reaches the point of real hostility ... do get up from your knees and sit down , i beg you , these posturings are false , too ...
let me kiss your hand , fyodor pavlovich rushed up to the elder and quickly gave him a smack on his thin hand .
you put it so well , i 've never heard it before .
precisely , precisely , all my life i 've been getting offended for the pleasure of it , for the aesthetics of it , because it 's not only a pleasure , sometimes it 's beautiful to be offended -- -
you forgot that , great elder : beautiful !
i 'll make a note of that !
and i 've lied , i 've lied decidedly all my life , every day and every hour .
verily , i am a lie and the father of a lie !
or maybe not the father of a lie , i always get my texts mixed up ; let 's say the son of a lie , that will do just as well !
only ... my angel ... sometimes diderot is all right ! diderot wo n't do any harm , it 's some little word that does the harm .
great elder , by the way , i almost forgot , though i did intend , as long as two years ago , to inquire here , to stop by on purpose and insistently make inquiries and to ask -- -only please tell pyotr alexandrovich not to interrupt .
this i ask you : is it true , great father , that somewhere in the lives of the saints there is a story about some holy wonder-worker who was martyred for his faith , and when they finally cut his head off , he got up , took his head , 'kissed it belovingly , and walked on for a long time carrying it in his hands and 'kissing it belovingly ' ?
is this true or not , honored fathers ?
no , it is not true , said the elder .
there is nothing like that anywhere in the lives of the saints . which saint did you say the story was about ?
i do n't know which .
i do n't know , i have no idea .
i was led to believe , i was told . i heard it , and do you know who i heard it from ?
this same pyotr alexandrovich miusov who just got so angry about diderot , he told me .
it was told to me .
i heard it in paris , from a frenchman .
he was a very learned man , he made a special study of statistics about russia .
lived in russia for a long time ... i myself have not read the lives of the saints ... and do not intend to read them ... it was just table talk .
so you were having dinner then , and i just lost my faith !
what do i care about your faith !
miusov almost shouted , but suddenly checked himself and said with contempt : you literally befoul everything you touch .
the elder suddenly rose from his seat :
excuse me , gentlemen , if i leave you now for just a few minutes , he said , addressing all of his visitors , but there are people awaiting me who came belore you .
and you , all the same , do not lie , he added , turning to fyodor pavlovich with a cheerful face .
he started to leave the cell . alyosha and the novice rushed after him to help him down the stairs .
alyosha was breathless , he was glad to get away , but he was also glad that the elder was cheerful and not offended . the elder turned towards the porch in order to bless those who were awaiting him .
he cried out with feeling , let me kiss your dear hand once more . no , still you 're a man one can talk to , a man one can get along with .
do you think i always lie like this and play the buffoon ?
i want you to know that all the while i 've been acting on purpose in order to test you . i 've been getting the feel of you , seeing whether one can get along with you .
i present you with a certificate of honor : one can get along with you !
and now , i am silent , from here on i 'll be silent .
i 'll sit on my chair and be silent .
now it 's your turn to speak , pyotr alexandrovich , you are the most important man left -- -for the next ten minutes . below , crowding near the wooden porch built onto the outside wall , there were only women this time , about twenty of them .
they had been informed that the elder would come out at last , and had gathered in anticipation . the khokhlakov ladies , who were also waiting for the elder , but in quarters set aside for gentle-women , had come out to the porch as well .
madame khokhlakov , the mother , a wealthy woman , always taste-fully dressed , was still fairly young and quite attractive , slightly pale , with very lively and almost completely black eyes .
she was not more than thirty-three years old and had been a widow for about five years .
her fourteen-year-old daughter suffered from paralysis of the legs .
something mischievous shone in her big , dark eyes with their long lashes .
her mother had been intending to take her abroad since spring , but was detained through the summer by the management of her estate .
they had already spent about a week in our town , more for business than on pilgrimage , but had already visited the elder once , three days before .
now they suddenly came again , though they knew that the elder was almost unable to receive anyone at all , and , pleading insistently , begged once again for the happiness of beholding the great healer .
while awaiting the elder 's appearance , the mama sat on a seat next to her daughter 's chair , and two steps away from her stood an old monk , not from our monastery , but a visitor from a little-known cloister in the far north .
he , too , wanted to receive the elder 's blessing .
but when the elder appeared on the porch , he first went directly to the people . the crowd started pressing towards the three steps that connected the low porch with the field .
the elder stood on the top step , put on his stole , and began to bless the women who crowded towards him .
shrieker was pulled up to him by both hands .
she no sooner saw the elder than she suddenly began somehow absurdly screeching , hiccuping , and shaking all over as if in convulsions . the elder , having covered her head with the stole , read a short prayer over her , and she at once became quiet and calmed down .
i do not know how it is now , but in my childhood i often used to see and hear these shriekers in villages and monasteries .
taken to the sunday liturgy , they would screech or bark like dogs so that the whole church could hear , but when the chalice was brought out , and they were led up to the chalice , the demonic possession would immediately cease and the sick ones would always calm down for a time .
as a child , i was greatly struck and astonished by this .
and it was then that i heard from some landowners and especially from my town teachers , in answer to my questions , that it was all a pretense in order to avoid work , and that it could always be eradicated by the proper severity , which they confirmed by telling various stories .
but later on i was surprised to learn from medical experts that there is no pretense in it , that it is a terrible woman 's disease that seems to occur predominantly in our russia , that it is a testimony to the hard lot of our peasant women , caused by exhausting work too soon after difficult , improper birth-giving without any medical help , and , besides that , by desperate grief , beatings , and so on , which the nature of many women , after all , as the general examples show , can not endure . this strange and instant healing of the frenzied and struggling woman the moment she was brought to the chalice , which used to be explained to me as shamming and , moreover , almost as a trick arranged by the clericals
and therefore , in a nervous and certainly also mentally ill woman , there always occurred ( and had to occur ) , at the chapter : women of faith moment of her bowing before the chalice , an inevitable shock , as it were , to her whole body , a shock provoked by expectation of the inevitable miracle of healing and by the most complete faith that it would occur .
that is just what happened now , as soon as the elder covered the woman with his stole .
many of the women who pressed towards him were shedding tears of tenderness and rapture , called up by the effect of the moment ; others strained to kiss at least the hem of his clothes , and some were murmuring to themselves .
he gave blessings to everyone and spoke with several .
the shrieker he knew already ; she came not from far away but from a village only four miles from the monastery , and had been brought to him before .
he pointed to a woman who was not at all old yet but very thin and haggard , with a face not tanned but , as it were , blackened .
she was kneeling and stared at the elder with a fixed gaze .
there was something frenzied , as it were , in her eyes .
far away , father , far away , the woman spoke in a singsong voice , rocking her head gently from side to side with her cheek resting in her hand .
there is among the people a silent , long-suffering grief ; it withdraws into itself and is silent .
but there is also a grief that is strained ; a moment comes when it breaks through with tears , and from that moment on it pours itself out in lamentations .
but it is no easier to bear than the silent grief .
lamentations ease the heart only by straining and exacerbating it more and more . such grief does not even want consolation ; it is nourished by the sense of its unquenchableness .
lamentations are simply the need to constantly irritate the wound .
we 're townspeople , father , townspeople , we 're peasants but we live in town . i 've come to see you , father .
we heard about you , dear father , we heard about you .
i buried my baby son , and went on a pilgrimage . i 've been in three monasteries , and then they told me : 'go to them , too , nastasia ' -- -meaning to you , my dear , to you .
so i came ; yesterday i was at vespers , and today i 've come to you .
what are you weeping for ?
i pity my little son , dear father , he was three years old , just three months short of three years old .
i grieve for my little son , father , for my little son . he was the last little son left to us , we had four , nikitushka and i , but our children did n't stay with us , they did n't stay .
when i buried the first three , i was n't too sorry about them , but this last one i buried and i ca n't forget him .
as if he 's just standing right in front of me and wo n't go away . my soul is wasted over him .
i look at his clothes , at his little shirt or his little boots , and start howling . i lay out all that he left behind , all his things , and look at them and howl .
then i say to nikitushka , that 's my husband , let me go on a pilgrimage , master .
he 's a coachman , we 're not poor , father , not poor , we run our own business , everything belongs to us , the horses and the carriages .
but who needs all that now ?
me , he 's taken to drinking , my nikitushka , i 'm sure he has , even before i left he 'd give in to it , the minute i turned my back .
and now i do n't even think about him .
it 's three months since i left home .
i 've forgotten , i 've forgotten everything , and i do n't want to remember , what can i do with him now ?
i 'm through with him , through , i 'm through with everybody .
and i do n't even want to see my house now , and my things , i do n't want to see anything at all ! listen , mother , said the elder .
once , long ago , a great saint saw a mother in church , weeping just as you are over her child , her only child , whom the lord had also called to him .
'do you not know , the saint said to her , 'how bold these infants are before the throne of god ?
no one is bolder in the kingdom of heaven : lord , you granted us life , they say to god , and just as we beheld it , you took it back from us .
and therefore , said the saint , you , too , woman , rejoice and do not weep . your infant , too , now abides with the lord in the host of his angels .
that is what a saint said to a weeping woman in ancient times .
he was a great saint and would not have told her a lie .
therefore you , too , mother , know that your infant , too , surely now stands before the throne of the lord , rejoicing and being glad , and praying to god for you .
weep , then , but also rejoice .
the woman listened to him , resting her cheek in her hand , her eyes cast down .
the same way my nikitushka was comforting me , word for word , like you , he 'd say : 'foolish woman , he 'd say , 'why do you cry so ?
our little son is surely with the lord god now , singing with the angels .
he 'd say it to me , and he 'd be crying himself , i could see , he 'd be crying just like me .
' i know , nikitushka , i 'd say , 'where else can he be if not with the lord god , only he is n't here , with us , nikitushka , he is n't sitting here with us like before ! '
but he 's gone , dear father , he 's gone and i 'll never hear him again !
if only i could just have one more look at him , if i could see him one more time , i would n't even go up to him , i would n't speak , i 'd hide in a corner , only to see him for one little minute , to hear him the way he used to play in the backyard and come in and shout in his little voice : 'mama , where are you ? only to hear how he walks across the room , just once , just one time , pat-pat-pat with his little feet , so quick , so quick , the way i remember he used to run up to me , shouting and laughing , if only i could hear his little feet pattering and know it was him !
his little belt is here , but he 's gone , and i 'll never see him , i 'll never hear him again ... !
she took her boy 's little gold-braided belt from her bosom and , at the sight of it , began shaking with sobs , covering her eyes with her hands , through which streamed the tears that suddenly gushed from her eyes .
this , said the elder , is rachel of old 'weeping for her children , and she would not be comforted , because they are not .
this is the lot that befalls you , mothers , on earth .
and do not be comforted , you should not be comforted , do not be comforted , but weep .
only each time you weep , do not fail to remember that your little son is one of god 's angels , that he looks down at you from there and sees you , and rejoices in your tears and points them out to the lord god .
and you will be filled with this great mother 's weeping for a long time , but in the end it will turn into quiet joy for you , and your bitter tears will become tears of quiet tenderness and the heart 's purification , which saves from sin .
and i will remember your little child in my prayers for the repose of the dead .
what was his name ?
after alexei , the man of god ?
after alexei , the man of god ?
of god , dear father , of god .
i 'll remember , mother , i 'll remember , and i 'll remember your sorrow in my prayers , and i 'll remember your husband , too . only it is a sin for you to desert him .
go to your husband and take care of him . your little boy will look down and see that you 've abandoned his father , and will weep for both of you : why , then , do you trouble his blessedness ?
he 's alive , surely he 's alive , for the soul lives forever , and though he 's not at home , he is invisibly near you .
how , then , can he come to his home if you say you now hate your home ?
to whom will he go if he does not find you , his father and mother , together ?
you see him now in your dreams and are tormented , but at home he will send you quiet dreams .
go to your husband , mother , go this very day .
i will go , my dear , according to your word , i will go .
you 've touched my heart .
nikitushka , my nikitushka , you are waiting for me , my dear , waiting for me !
the woman began to murmur , but the elder had already turned to a very old little old lady , dressed not as a pilgrim but in town fashion .
one could see by her eyes that she had come for some purpose and had something on her mind .
she introduced herself as the widow of a noncommissioned officer , not from far away but from our own town .
her dear son vasenka had served somewhere in the army commissariat and then gone to siberia , to irkutsk .
he wrote twice from there , but it had already been a year now since he stopped writing .
she made inquiries about him , but to tell the truth she did not even know where to inquire .
just the other day , stepanida ilyinishna bedryagin , she 's a merchant 's wife , a wealthy woman , said to me : ' i tell you what , prokhorovna , go to church and put your son on a list to be remembered among the dead .
his soul , she says , 'will get troubled , and he 'll write to you .
it 's just the thing to do , stepanida ilyinishna says , 'it 's been tested many times .
only i 'm not so sure ... dear father , is it right or wrong ? would it be a good thing to do ?
do not even think of it .
it is shameful even to ask .
how is it possible to commemorate a living soul as one of the dead , and his own mother at that !
it is a great sin , it is like sorcery , it can be forgiven only because of your ignorance .
you had better pray to the queen of heaven , our swift intercessor and helper , for his health , and that you be forgiven for your wrong thoughts .
and i will tell you something else , prokhorovna : either he himself , your boy , will soon come back to you , or he will surely send you a letter .
go , and from now on be at peace . your boy is alive , i tell you .
dear father , may god reward you , our benefactor , pray for all of us and for oursins ...
but the elder had already noticed in the crowd two burning eyes seeking his , the eyes of a wasted , consumptive-looking , though still young , peasant woman .
she stared silently , her eyes pleaded for something , but she seemed afraid to approach .
what is it , my dear ?
absolve my soul , dear father , the woman said softly and unhurriedly , and she knelt and prostrated at his feet .
i have sinned , dear father , i am afraid of my sin .
the elder sat on the bottom step , and the woman approached him , still on her knees .
i 'm three years a widow , she began in a half-whisper , with a sort of shudder .
my married life was hard , he was old , he beat me badly .
once he was sick in bed ; i was looking at him and i thought : what if he recovers , gets up on his feet again , what then ?
and then the thought came to me ...
wait , said the elder , and he put his ear right to her lips .
the woman continued in a soft whisper , almost inaudibly .
it 's the third year ?
at first i did n't think about it , and now i 've begun to be ill , grief has caught hold of me .
have you come from far away ?
over three hundred miles from here .
did you tell it at confession ?
twice i confessed it .
were you allowed to receive communion ?
i 'm afraid , afraid to die .
do not be afraid of anything , never be afraid , and do not grieve .
just let repentance not slacken in you , and god will forgive everything .
there is not and can not be in the whole world such a sin that the lord will not forgive one who truly repents of it .
a man even can not commit so great a sin as would exhaust god 's boundless love .
how could there be a sin that exceeds god 's love ?
only take care that you repent without ceasing , and chase away fear altogether .
believe that god loves you so as you can not conceive of it ; even with your sin and in your sin he loves you .
and there is more joy in heaven over one repentant sinner than over ten righteous men -- -that was said long ago .
go , then , and do not be afraid .
do not be upset with people , do not take offense at their wrongs . forgive the dead man in your heart for all the harm he did you ; be reconciled with him truly .
if you are repentant , it means that you love . and if you love , you already belong to god
... with love everything is bought , everything is saved . if even i , a sinful man , just like you , was moved to tenderness and felt pity for you , how much more will god be .
love is such a priceless treasure that you can buy the whole world with it , and redeem not only your own but other people 's sins .
go , and do not be afraid .
he blessed her three times , took a little icon from around his neck , and put it on her .
she bowed deeply to him without speaking .
he stood up and looked cheerfully at a healthy woman with a little baby in her arms . i 'm from vyshegorye , dear father .
why , you 've worn yourself out walking four miles with a baby !
what do you want ?
i came to have a look at you .
i was here before , do n't you remember ?
your memory is n't so good if you 've forgotten me !
our people said you were sick , and i thought , well , i 'll go and see him myself .
so , now i see you , and you do n't look sick at all !
god be with you , really , you 'll live another twenty years !
with all the people you 've got praying for you , how could you be sick !
thank you for everything , my dear . '
by the way , i have a little favor to ask you ; here 's sixty kopecks ; give them , dear father , to some woman who 's poorer than i am . as i was coming here , i thought : better give them through him , he 'll know who to give them to .
thank you , my dear , thank you , kind woman .
i 'll be sure to do it .
a little girl , father .
the lord bless you both , you and your baby lizaveta .
you 've gladdened my heart , mother .
farewell , my dears , farewell , my dearest ones .
he blessed them all and bowed deeply to them . the visiting lady landowner , looking upon the whole scene of the conversation with the people and their blessing , shed quiet tears and wiped them away with her handkerchief .
she was a sentimental society lady whose inclinations were in many respects genuinely good .
when the elder finally came up to her , she met him in raptures .
i experienced so much , so much , looking on at this moving scene ... , she was too excited to finish .
oh , i understand that the people love you , i myself love the people , i want to love them , and how can one not love them , our beautiful russian people , so simple in their majesty !
oh , i understand that the people love you , i myself love the people , i want to love them , and how can one not love them , our beautiful russian people , so simple in their majesty !
how is your daughter 's health ?
did you want to talk with me again ?
oh , i begged insistently , i pleaded , i was ready to go down on my knees and stay kneeling even for three days under your window until you let me in .
we have come to you , great healer , to express all our rapturous gratitude .
you have surely healed my liza , healed her completely .
by praying over her on thursday , by laying your hands on her .
we have hastened here to kiss those hands , to pour out our feelings and our reverence !
what do you mean -- -healed ?
is n't she still lying in her chair ? but her night fevers have completely disappeared , for two days now , since thursday , the lady nervously hurried on .
besides , her legs have grown stronger .
this morning she woke up healthy , she slept through the night , look at her color , at her bright eyes .
she used to cry all the time , and now she 's laughing , gay , joyful .
today she insisted on being helped to her feet , and she stood for a whole minute by herself , without any support .
she wants to make a wager with me that in two weeks she 'll be dancing the quadrille .
i summoned the local doctor , herzenstube , and chapter : a lady of little faith
and you want us not to trouble you , not to fly here and thank you ? thank him , lise , thank him !
lise 's pretty , laughing little face suddenly became serious for a moment .
she rose from her chair as much as she could , and , looking at the elder , clasped her hands before him , but she could n't help herself and suddenly burst out laughing . it 's at him , at him !
she pointed to alyosha , childishly annoyed with herself because she could not keep from laughing .
if anyone had looked at alyosha , who was standing a step behind the elder , he would have noticed a quick blush momentarily coloring his cheeks . his eyes flashed and he looked down .
she has a message for you , alexei fyodorovich ... how are you ? the mama continued , suddenly addressing alyosha and holding out to him an exquisitely gloved hand .
the elder turned and suddenly looked at alyosha attentively .
lise put on an important face .
katerina ivanovna sends you this by me . she handed him a small letter .
she especially asks that you come to her soon , soon , and not to disappoint her but to be sure to come . she asks me to come ?
me ... to her ... but why ? alyosha muttered , deeply astonished .
his face suddenly became quite worried .
only think of her sufferings ... consider what she 's endured , what she 's enduring now , consider what lies ahead of her ... it 's all terrible , terrible !
oh , it 's all about dmitri fyodorovich and ... all these recent events , her mama explained briefly . katerina ivanovna has now come to a decision ... but for that she must see you ... why , of course , i do n't know , but she asked that you come as soon as possible .
and you will do it , surely you will , even christian feeling must tell you to do it . i 've met her only once , alyosha continued , still puzzled .
oh , she is such a lofty , such an unattainable creature ... !
very well , i 'll go , alyosha decided , glancing through the short and mysterious note , which , apart from an urgent request to come , contained no explanations . ah , how nice and splendid it will be of you , lise cried with sudden animation .
and i just said to mother : he wo n't go for anything , he is saving his soul .
you 're so wonderful , so wonderful !
i always did think you were wonderful , and it 's so nice to say it to you now !
her mama said imposingly , though she immediately smiled . you 've forgotten us , too , alexei fyodorovich , you do n't care to visit us at all : and yet twice lise has told me that she feels good only with you .
alyosha raised his downcast eyes , suddenly blushed again , and suddenly grinned again , not knowing why himself .
the elder , however , was no longer watching him . he had gotten into conversation with the visiting monk , who , as we have already said , was waiting by lise 's chair for him to come out .
he was apparently one of those monks of the humblest sort , that is , from the common people , with a short , unshakable world view , but a believer and , in his own way , a tenacious one . he chapter : a lady of little faith
introduced himself as coming from somewhere in the far north , from obdorsk , from st. sylvester 's , a poor monastery with only nine monks .
the elder gave him his blessing and invited him to visit his cell when he liked .
the monk suddenly asked , pointing solemnly and imposingly at lise . he was alluding to her healing .
it is , of course , too early to speak of that . improvement is not yet a complete healing , and might also occur for other reasons .
still , if there was anything , it came about by no one else 's power save the divine will . everything is from god .
visit me , father , he added , addressing the monk , while i 'm still able : i 'm ill , and i know that my days are numbered .
oh , no , no , god will not take you from us , you will live a long , long time yet , the mama exclaimed . what 's this about being ill ?
you look so healthy , so cheerful , so happy . i feel remarkably better today , but by now i know that it is only for a moment .
i 've come to understand my illness perfectly .
but since i seem so cheerful to you , nothing could ever gladden me more than your saying so .
for people are created for happiness , and he who is completely happy can at once be deemed worthy of saying to himself : ' i have fulfilled god 's commandment on this earth .
all the righteous , all the saints , all the holy martyrs were happy .
oh , how you speak !
what brave and lofty words !
you speak , and it seems to pierce one right through .
and yet happiness , happiness-
who can call himself happy ? oh , since you were already so kind as to allow us to see you once more today , let me tell you everything that i held back last time , that i did not dare to say , everything that i suffer with , and have for so long , so long !
i am suffering , forgive me , i am suffering !
and in a sort of hot rush of emotion , she pressed her hands together before him .
i suffer from ... lack of faith ...
lack of faith in god ?
oh , no , no , i dare not even think of that , but the life after death -- -it 's such a riddle ! and no one , but no one will solve it !
listen , you are a healer , a connoisseur of human souls ; of course , i dare not expect you to believe me completely , but i assure you , i give you my greatest word that i am not speaking lightly now , that this thought about a future life after death troubles me to the point of suffering , terror , and fright ... and i do n't know who to turn to , all my life i 've never dared
... and now i 'm so bold as to turn to you ... oh , god , what will you think of me now !
and she clasped her hands .
do n't worry about my opinion , the elder answered .
i believe completely in the genuineness of your anguish .
oh , how grateful i am to you !
you see , i close my eyes and think : if everyone has faith , where does it come from ?
and then they say that it all came originally from fear of the awesome phenomena of nature , and that there is nothing to it at all . i think , all my life i 've believed , then i die , and suddenly there 's nothing , and only 'burdock will grow on my grave , as i read in one writer ?
what , what will give me back my faith ?
though i believed only when i was a little child , mechanically , without thinking about anything ... how , how can it be proved ?
i 've come now to throw myself at your feet and ask you about it .
if i miss this chance , too , then surely no one will answer me for the rest of my life .
how can it be proved , how can one be convinced ?
it 's devastating , devastating !
i look around and see that for everyone else , almost everyone , it 's all the same , no one worries about it anymore , and i 'm the only one who ca n't bear it .
no doubt it is devastating . one can not prove anything here , but it is possible to be convinced .
by the experience of active love .
try to love your neighbors actively and tirelessly .
the more you succeed in loving , the more you 'll be convinced of the existence of god and the immortality of your soul .
and if you reach complete selflessness in the love of your neighbor , then undoubtedly you will believe , and no doubt will even be able to enter your soul .
this has been tested .
that 's another question , and what a question , what a question !
you see , i love mankind so much that -- -would you believe it ? -- -i sometimes dream of giving up all , all i have , of leaving lise and going to become a sister of mercy .
i close my eyes , i think and dream , and in such moments i feel an invincible strength in myself .
no wounds , no festering sores could frighten me .
i would bind them and cleanse them with my own hands , i would nurse the suffering , i am ready to kiss those sores ...
it 's already a great deal and very well for you that you dream of that in your mind and not of something else .
once in a while , by chance , you may really do some good deed . yes , but could i survive such a life for long ?
the lady went on heatedly , almost frantically , as it were .
that 's the main question , that 's my most tormenting question of all .
i close my eyes and ask myself : could you stand it for long on such a path ?
and if the sick man whose sores you are cleansing does not respond immediately with gratitude but , on the contrary , begins tormenting you with his whims , not appreciating and not noticing your philanthropic ministry , if he begins to shout at you , to make rude demands , even to complain to some sort of superiors ( as often happens with people who are in pain ) -- -what then ?
but what is to be done , then ?
will you go on loving , or not ?
and , imagine , the answer already came to me with a shudder : if there 's anything that would immediately cool my 'active ' love for mankind , that one thing is ingratitude .
in short , i work for pay and demand my pay at once , that is , praise and a return of love lor my love . otherwise i 'm unable to love anyone !
she was in a fit of the most sincere self-castigation , and , having finished , looked with defiant determination at the elder .
i heard exactly the same thing , a long time ago to be sure , from a doctor , he was then an old man , and unquestionably intelligent .
he spoke just as frankly as you , humorously , but with a sorrowful humor .
' i love chapter : a lady of little faith mankind , he said , 'but i am amazed at myself : the more i love mankind in general , the less i love people in particular , that is , individually , as separate persons . in my dreams , he said , ' i often went so far as to think passionately of serving mankind , and , it may be , would really have gone to the cross for people if it were somehow suddenly necessary , and yet i am incapable of living in the same room with anyone even for two days , this i know from experience .
as soon as someone is there , close to me , his personality oppresses my self-esteem and restricts my freedom .
in twenty-four hours i can begin to hate even the best of men : one because he takes too long eating his dinner , another because he has a cold and keeps blowing his nose . i become the enemy of people the moment they touch me , he said . 'on the other hand , it has always happened that the more i hate people individually , the more ardent becomes my love for humanity as a whole .
what is to be done in such a case ?
should one fall into despair ?
no , for it is enough that you are distressed by it .
you have already done much if you can understand yourself so deeply and so sincerely !
but if you spoke with me so sincerely just now in order to be praised , as i have praised you , for your truthfulness , then of course you will get nowhere with your efforts at active love ; it will all remain merely a dream , and your whole life will flit by like a phantom . then , naturally , you will forget about the future life , and in the end will somehow calm down by yourself .
you have crushed me !
only now , this very moment , as you were speaking , did i realize that indeed i was waiting only for you to praise my sincerity , when i told you that i could n't bear ingratitude . you 've brought me back to myself , you 've caught me out and explained me to myself !
do what you can , and it will be reckoned unto you .
is it true what you say ? well , now , after such a confession from you , i believe that you are sincere and good at heart .
if you do not attain happiness , always remember that you are on a good path , and try not to leave it . above all , avoid lies , all lies , especially the lie to yourself .
keep watch on your own lie and examine it every hour , every minute .
and avoid contempt , both of others and of yourself : what seems bad to you in yourself is purified by the very fact that you have noticed it in yourself .
and avoid fear , though fear is simply the consequence of every lie .
never be frightened at your own faintheartedness in attaining love , and meanwhile do not even be very frightened by your own bad acts .
i am sorry that i can not say anything more comforting , for active love is a harsh and fearful thing compared with love in dreams .
love in dreams thirsts for immediate action , quickly performed , and with everyone watching . indeed , it will go as far as the giving even of one 's life , provided it does not take long but is soon over , as on stage , and everyone is looking on and praising .
whereas active love is labor and perseverance , and for some people , perhaps , a whole science . but i predict that even in that very moment when you see with horror that despite all your efforts , you not only have not come nearer your goal but seem to have gotten farther from it , at that very moment -- -i predict this to you -- -you will suddenly reach your goal and will clearly behold over you the wonder-working power of the lord , who all chapter : a lady of little faith
forgive me for not being able to stay with you longer , but i am expected . the lady was weeping .
lise , lise , but bless her , bless her !
she suddenly fluttered herself up .
but does she deserve to be loved ?
why have you been laughing at alexei all this time ?
lise had , indeed , been busy teasing alyosha all the time .
she had noticed long ago , from their first visit , that alyosha was shy of her and tried not to look at her , and she found this terribly amusing .
she waited purposely to catch his eye : alyosha , unable to endure her persistent stare , would glance at her from time to time , unwillingly , drawn by an irresistible force , and at once she would grin a triumphant grin right in his face . alyosha would become embarrassed , and even more annoyed .
finally he turned away from her altogether and hid behind the elder 's back .
after a few minutes , drawn by the same irresistible force , he turned to see if he was still being looked at or not , and saw lise , almost hanging out of her chair , peering at him sideways , waiting with all her might for him to look at her . having caught his eye , she burst into such laughter that even the elder could not help saying :
naughty girl , why are you shaming him like that ?
lise suddenly and quite unexpectedly blushed , her eyes flashed , her face became terribly serious , and with hot indignation she suddenly protested rapidly , nervously :
and why has he forgotten everything ?
he carried me in his arms when i was little , we played together .
why , he used to come and teach me to read , do you know that ?
two years ago , when we parted , he said he would never forget that we were friends forever , forever and ever !
and now all of a sudden he 's afraid of me . i 'm not going to bite him , am i ?
why does n't he want to come near me ? why does n't he say anything ?
why wo n't he come to see us ? it 's not that you wo n't let him : we know he goes everywhere .
it 's improper for me to invite him , he should be the first to think of it , if he has n't forgotten . no , sir , now he 's saving his soul !
why did you put those long skirts on him ... if he runs , he 'll trip and fall ...
and suddenly , unable to restrain herself , she covered her face with her hand and burst , terribly , uncontrollably , into her prolonged , nervous , shaking , and inaudible laughter .
the elder listened to her with a smile and blessed her tenderly .
as she kissed his hand , she suddenly pressed it to her eyes and started crying :
do n't be angry with me , i 'm a fool , i 'm worthless ... and maybe alyosha is right , very right , in not wanting to come and see such a silly girl .
i 'll be sure to send him , the elder decided .
the elder 's absence from his cell lasted for about twenty-five minutes .
it was already past twelve-thirty , yet dmitri fyodorovich , for whose sake everyone had gathered , was still nowhere to be seen .
but it was almost as if he had been forgotten , and when the elder stepped into the cell again , he found his guests engaged in a most lively general conversation .
ivan fyodorovich and the two hieromonks were the main participants .
miusov , too , was trying -- -very eagerly , it appeared -- -to get into the conversation , but again he had no luck ; he was obviously in the background , and they scarcely even responded to him , which new circumstance only added to his growing irritation . the thing was that he had engaged in some intellectual fencing with ivan fyodorovich before , and could not calmly endure this seeming negligence from him : up to now , at least , i have stood very high with all that is progressive in europe , but this new generation is decidedly ignoring us , he thought to himself .
he had been meaning for a long time to pay back some old scores and now did not want to let his chance slip .
fyodor pavlovich , who had given his word to sit in his chair and be silent , was indeed silent for a while , but he watched his neighbor , pyotr alexandrovich , with a mocking little smile , obviously taking pleasure in his irritation .
but he obviously did not want to dismiss the gathering ; he seemed , besides , to have some purpose of his own -- -but what was it ?
finally , unable to restrain himself , he leaned over his neighbor 's shoulder and began taunting him again in a half-whisper .
and why , instead of going away just now , after my 'kissing it belovingly , have you consented to remain in such unseemly company ? it 's because you felt yourself humiliated and insulted , and stayed in order to display your intelligence and get your own back .
you wo n't leave now until you 've displayed your intelligence for them . on the contrary , i 'll leave at once . you 'll be the last , the last of all to go !
this was almost the very moment of the elder 's return . the discussion died briefly , but the elder , having sat down in his former place , looked around at them all as if cordially inviting them to continue .
alyosha , who had learned almost every expression of his face , saw clearly that he was terribly tired and was forcing himself .
in the recent days of his illness , he had occasionally fainted from exhaustion .
almost the same pallor as before he fainted was now spreading over his face , his lips became white .
alyosha watched him intently .
we are talking about a most curious article by the gentleman , said the hieromonk iosif , the librarian , addressing the elder and pointing to ivan fyodorovich .
there is much that is new in it , but it seems the argument is two-edged .
it is a magazine article on the subject of ecclesiastical courts and the scope of their rights , written in reply to a churchman who wrote an entire book on the subject
unfortunately , i have not read your article , but i have heard about it , the chapter : so be it ! elder replied , looking intently and keenly at ivan fyodorovich .
he stands on a most curious point , the father librarian went on .
apparently , on the question of ecclesiastical courts , he completely rejects the separation of church and state .
that is curious , but in what sense ?
the elder asked ivan fyodorovich .
the latter answered at last , not with polite condescension , as alyosha had feared the day before , but modestly and reservedly , with apparent consideration and , evidently , without the least ulterior motive .
i start from the proposition that this mixing of elements , that is , of the essences of church and state taken separately , will of course go on eternally , despite the fact that it is impossible , and that it will never be brought not only to a normal but even to any degree of compatible relationship , because there is a lie at the very basis of the matter .
compromise between the state and the church on such questions as courts , for example , is , in my opinion , in its perfect and pure essence , impossible . the churchman with whom i argued maintains that the church occupies a precise and definite place within the state .
i objected that , on the contrary , the church should contain in itself the whole state and not merely occupy a certain corner of it , and that if for some reason that is impossible now , then in the essence of things it undoubtedly should be posited as the direct and chief aim of the whole further development of christian society . father paissy , the silent and learned hieromonk , said firmly and nervously .
miusov exclaimed , crossing and recrossing his legs in impatience .
ah , but we do n't even have any mountains !
second , that criminal and civil jurisdiction should not belong to the church and are incompatible with its nature both as divine institution and as an organization of men for religious purposes .
a most unworthy play on words for a churchman !
father paissy , unable to restrain himself , interrupted again . i have read this book to which you objected , he addressed ivan fyodorovich , and was astonished by this churchman saying 'the church is a kingdom not of this world .
if it is not of this world , it follows that it can not exist on earth at all . in the holy gospel , the words 'not of this world ' are used in a different sense .
our lord jesus christ came precisely to establish the church on earth .
the kingdom of heaven , of course , is not of this world but in heaven , but it is entered in no other way than through the church that is founded and established on earth .
and therefore to make worldly puns in this sense is impossible and unworthy .
the church is indeed a kingdom and appointed to reign , and in the end must chapter : so be it ! undoubtedly be revealed as a kingdom over all the earth -- -for which we have a covenant .
he suddenly fell silent , as if checking himself . ivan fyodorovich , having listened to him respectfully and attentively , went on with great composure , but , as before , eagerly and openheartedly , addressing the elder .
the whole point of my article is that in ancient times , during its first three centuries , christianity was revealed on earth only by the church , and was only the church .
but when the pagan roman state desired to become christian , it inevitably so happened that , having become christian , it merely included the church in itself , but itself continued to be , as before , a pagan state in a great many of its functions .
essentially , this is undoubtedly what had to happen .
but rome as a state retained too much of pagan civilization and wisdom -- -for example , the very aims and basic principles of the state .
whereas christ 's church , having entered the state , no doubt could give up none of its own basic principles , of that rock on which it stood , and could pursue none but its own aims , once firmly established and shown to it by the lord himself , among which was the transforming of the whole world , and therefore of the whole ancient pagan state , into the church . thus ( that is , for future purposes ) , it is not the church that should seek a definite place for itself in the state , like 'any social organization '
or 'organization of men for religious purposes ' ( as the author i was objecting to refers to the church ) , but , on the contrary , every earthly state must eventually be wholly transformed into the church and become nothing else but the church , rejecting whichever of its aims are incompatible with those of the church .
and all of this will in no way demean it , will take away neither its honor nor its glory as a great state , nor the glory of its rulers , but will only turn it from a false , still pagan and erroneous path , onto the right and true path that alone leads to eternal goals .
that is why the author of the book on the principles of the ecclesiastical court would have judged correctly if , while seeking and presenting these principles , he had looked upon them as a temporary compromise , still necessary in our sinful and unfulfilled times , and nothing more . but as soon as the inven-tor of these principles makes so bold as to declare the principles he is presenting , some of which father iosif has just enumerated , to be immovable , elemental , and eternal , he goes directly against the church and its holy , eternal , and immovable destiny .
that is the whole of my article , a full summary of it .
in short , father paissy said again , stressing each word , according to certain theories , which have become only too clear in our nineteenth century , the church ought to be transforming itself into the state , from a lower to a higher species , as it were , so as to disappear into it eventually , making way for science , the spirit of the age , and civilization .
and if it does not want that and offers resistance , then as a result it is allotted only a certain corner , as it were , in the state , and even that under control -- -as is happening in our time everywhere in modern european lands .
yet according to the russian understanding and hope , it is not the church that needs to be transformed into the state , as from a lower to a higher type , but , on the contrary , the state should end by being accounted worthy of becoming chapter : so be it ! only the church alone , and nothing else but that .
that is as you please .
and so be it , so be it ! well , sir , i confess that you have now reassured me somewhat , miusov grinned , recrossing his legs again .
so far as i understand it , this , then , would be the realization of some ideal , an infinitely remote one , at the second coming .
a beautiful utopian dream of the disappearance of wars , diplomats , banks , and so on .
something even resembling socialism .
and here i was thinking you meant it all seriously , and that the church might now , for instance , be judging criminals and sentencing them to flogging , hard labor , perhaps even capital punishment .
but if even now there were only ecclesiastical courts , even now the church would not sentence criminals to hard labor or capital punishment .
crime and the whole way of looking at it would then undoubtedly have to change , little by little , of course , not all at once , not immediately , but still quite soon ... , ivan fyodorovich said calmly and without batting an eye .
he would then have to go away not only from men , as now , but also from christ .
miusov looked at him intently . if everything became the church , then the church would excommunicate the criminal and the disobedient and not cut off their heads , ivan fyodorovich continued .
where , i ask you , would the excommunicated man go ?
for by his crime he would have rebelled not only against men but also against christ 's church .
that is so now , too , of course , strictly speaking , but it is not avowed , and the criminal of today all too often bargains with his conscience : ' i stole , he says , 'but i have not gone against the church , i am not an enemy of christ .
time and again that is what the criminal of today says to himself . well , but when the church takes the place of the state , it will be very difficult for him to say that , unless he means to reject the church all over the earth , to say : 'all are mistaken , all are in error , all are a false church , and i alone , a murderer and thief , am the true christian church .
it is very difficult to say this to oneself ; it requires formidable conditions , circumstances that do not often occur . now , on the other hand , take the church 's own view of crime : should it not change from the present , almost pagan view , and from the mechanical cutting off of the infected member , as is done now for the preservation of society , and transform , fully now and not falsely , into the idea of the regeneration of man anew , of his restoration and salvation ...
but what are you talking about ? again i cease to understand , miusov interrupted .
some kind of dream again . something shapeless , and impossible to understand as well .
i suspect you 're simply amusing yourself , ivan fyodorovich .
but , you know , in reality it is so even now , the elder suddenly spoke and everyone turned to him at once .
if it were not for christ 's church , indeed there would be no restraint on the criminal in his evildoing , and no punishment for it later , real punishment , that is , not a mechanical one such as has just been mentioned , which only chafes the heart in most cases , but a real punishment , the only real , the only frightening and appeasing punishment , which lies in the chapter : so be it !
how is that , may i ask ?
miusov inquired with the liveliest curiosity .
here is how it is , the elder began . all this exile to hard labor , and formerly with floggings , does not reform anyone , and above all does not even frighten almost any criminal , and the number of crimes not only does not diminish but increases all the more .
surely you will admit that . and it turns out that society , thus , is not protected at all , for although the harmful member is mechanically cut off and sent far away out of sight , another criminal appears at once to take his place , perhaps even two others .
if anything protects society even in our time , and even reforms the criminal himself and transforms him into a different person , again it is christ 's law alone , which manifests itself in the acknowledgement of one 's own conscience .
only if he acknowledges his guilt as a son of christ 's society -- -that is , of the church -- -will he acknowledge his guilt before society itself -- -that is , before the church .
thus , the modern criminal is capable of acknowledging his guilt before the church alone , and not before the state .
if it were so that judgment belonged to society as the church , then it would know whom to bring back from excommunication and reunite with itself . but now the church , having no active jurisdiction but merely the possibility of moral condemnation alone , withholds from actively punishing the criminal of its own accord .
it does not excommunicate him , but simply does not leave him without paternal guidance . moreover , it even tries to preserve full christian communion with the criminal , admitting him to church services , to the holy gifts , giving him alms , and treating him more as a captive than as a wrongdoer .
and what would become of the criminal , oh , lord , if christian society , too -- -that is , the church -- -rejected him in the same way that civil law rejects him and cuts him off ?
what would become of him if the church , too , punished him with excommunication each time immediately after the law of the state has punished him ?
surely there could be no greater despair , at least for a russian criminal , for russian criminals still have faith .
though who knows : perhaps a terrible thing would happen then -- - the loss of faith , perhaps , would occur in the desperate heart of the criminal , and what then ?
but the church , like a mother , tender and loving , withholds from active punishment , for even without her punishment , the wrongdoer is already too painfully punished by the state court , and at least someone should pity him .
and it withholds above all because the judgment of the church is the only judgment that contains the truth , and for that reason it can not , essentially and morally , be combined with any other judgment , even in a temporary compromise . here it is not possible to strike any bargains .
the foreign criminal , they say , rarely repents , for even the modern theories themselves confirm in him the idea that his crime is not a crime but only a rebellion against an unjustly oppressive force .
society cuts him off from itself quite mechanically by the force that triumphs over him , and accompanies that excommunication with hatred ( so , at least , they say about themselves in europe ) -- -with hatred and complete indifference and forgetfulness of his subsequent fate as their brother .
thus , all of this goes on without the least compassion of the church , for in many cases there already are no more churches chapter : so be it ! at all , and what remains are just churchmen and splendid church buildings , while the churches themselves have long been striving to pass from the lower species , the church , to a higher species , the state , in order to disappear into it completely .
so it seems to be , at least , in lutheran lands .
and in rome it is already a thousand years since the state was proclaimed in place of the church .
and therefore the criminal is not conscious of himself as a member of the church , and , excommunicated , he sits in despair .
and if he returns to society , it is not seldom with such hatred that society itself , as it were , now excommunicates him .
what will be the end of it , you may judge for yourselves .
in many cases , it would appear to be the same with us ; but the point is precisely that , besides the established courts , we have , in addition , the church as well , which never loses communion with the criminal , as a dear and still beloved son , and above that there is preserved , even if only in thought , the judgment of the church , not active now but still living for the future , if only as a dream , and unquestionably acknowledged by the criminal himself , by the instinct of his soul . what has just been said here is also true , that if , indeed , the judgment of the church came , and in its full force-
and the church , too , no doubt , would understand the future criminal and the future crime in many cases quite differently from now , and would be able to bring the excommunicated back , to deter the plotter , to regenerate the fallen . it is true , the elder smiled , that now christian society itself is not yet ready , and stands only on seven righteous men ; but as they are never wanting , it abides firmly all the same , awaiting its complete transfiguration from society as still an almost pagan organization , into one universal and sovereign church .
and so be it , so be it , if only at the end of time , for this alone is destined to be fulfilled ! and there is no need to trouble oneself with times and seasons ,
and that which by human reckoning may still be rather remote , by divine predestination may already be standing on the eve of its appearance , at the door .
but , really , what are you talking about ?
miusov exclaimed , as if suddenly bursting out .
and so be that , too ! father paissy confirmed with reverence and severity .
strange , most strange , miusov pronounced , not so much fervently as with , so to speak , a sort of repressed indignation . what seems so strange to you ?
the state is abolished on earth , and the church is raised to the level of the state !
it 's not even ultramontanism , it 's arch-ultramontanism !
even pope gregory the seventh never dreamed of such a thing !
father paissy spoke sternly . it is not the church that turns into the state , you see .
that is rome and its dream .
that is the third temptation of the devil !
but , on the contrary , the state turns into the church , it rises up to the church chapter : so be it !
and becomes the church over all the earth , which is the complete opposite of ultramontanism and of rome , and of your interpretation , and is simply the great destiny of orthodoxy on earth .
this star will show forth from the east .
miusov was imposingly silent . his whole figure expressed remarkable self-respect .
a haughtily condescending smile appeared on his lips .
alyosha followed it all with a pounding heart .
he happened to glance at rakitin , who stood motionless in his former place by the door , listening and watching attentively , though with downcast eyes .
but by the lively color in his cheeks , alyosha guessed that rakitin , too , was stirred , probably no less than he was . alyosha knew what stirred him .
allow me to relate a little anecdote , gentlemen , miusov suddenly said imposingly and with a sort of especially grand air .
in paris , several years ago now , soon after the december revolution , i happened once , while visiting an acquaintance , then a very , very important and official person , to meet there a most curious gentleman .
this individual was not exactly an undercover agent , but something like the supervisor of an entire team of political agents -- -rather an influential position in its way . seizing the chance , out of great curiosity , i struck up a conversation with him ; and since he was there not as an acquaintance but as a subordinate official , who had come with a certain kind of report , he , seeing for his part how i was received by his superior , deigned to show me some frankness -- -well , of course , to a certain extent ; that is , he was more polite than frank , precisely as a frenchman can be polite , the more so because he viewed me as a foreigner .
but i well understood him .
the topic was socialist revolutionaries , who then , by the way , were being persecuted .
omitting the main essence of the conversation , i shall quote only one most curious remark that this person suddenly let drop : 'we are not , in fact , afraid of all these socialists , anarchists , atheists , and revolutionaries , he said . 'we keep an eye on them , and their movements are known to us .
but there are some special people among them , although not many : these are believers in god and christians , and at the same time socialists .
they are the ones we are most afraid of ; they are terrible people !
a socialist christian is more dangerous than a socialist atheist .
his words struck me even then , but now , here , gentlemen , i somehow suddenly recalled them ...
that is , you apply them to us and see us as socialists ?
father paissy asked directly , without beating around the bush . but before pyotr alexandrovich was able to think of a reply , the door opened and in came the long-awaited dmitri fyodorovich .
he was muscular and one could tell that he possessed considerable physical strength ; nonetheless chapter : why is such a man alive !
indeed , he was , as it were , no longer expected , and his sudden appearance at first even caused some surprise . dmitri fyodorovich , a young man of twenty-eight , of medium height and agreeable looks , appeared , however , much older than his years .
his rather large , dark , prominent eyes had an apparently firm and determined , yet somehow vague , look .
even when he was excited and talking irritably , his look , as it were , did not obey his inner mood but expressed something else , sometimes not at all corresponding to the present moment .
those who spoke with him would occasionally say . others , seeing something pensive and gloomy in his eyes , would suddenly be struck by his unexpected laughter , betraying gay and playful thoughts precisely at the moment when he looked so gloomy .
though his somewhat sickly look at that time could well be understood : everyone knew or had heard about the extremely troubled and riotous life he had given himself up to precisely of late , just as they knew about the remarkable irritation he reached in quarrels with his father over the controversial money .
already there were several anecdotes about it going around town .
it is true that he was irritable by nature , abrupt and erratic of mind , as our justice of the peace , semyon ivanovich kachalnikov , characteristically described him at one of our gatherings .
he entered , impeccably and smartly dressed , his frock coat buttoned , wearing black gloves and carrying his top hat .
as a recently retired military man , he wore a moustache and still shaved his beard .
his dark brown hair was cut short and combed somehow forward on his temples .
he had a long , resolute military stride .
he stopped for a moment on the threshold and , glancing around at everyone , went directly to the elder , guessing him to be the host .
he made a low bow to him and asked for his blessing . the elder rose a little in his chair and blessed him ; dmitri fyodorovich respectfully kissed his hand and with remarkable excitement , almost irritation , said :
be so generous as to forgive me for having kept you waiting so long .
but the servant smerdyakov , sent by papa , in reply to my insistent question about the time , told me twice in the most definite tone that the appointment was at one .
now i suddenly find out ... do n't worry , the elder interrupted , it 's nothing , you 're just a bit late , it does n't matter ...
i am extremely grateful , and could expect no less from your goodness .
having snapped out these words , dmitri fyodorovich bowed once again , then , suddenly turning to his papa , made the same deep and respectful bow to him as well .
it was obvious that he had considered this bow beforehand and conceived it sincerely , believing it his duty to express thereby his respect and goodwill . fyodor pavlovich , though taken unawares , found the proper reply at once : in response to dmitri fyodorovich 's bow , he jumped up from his chair and responded to his son with exactly as deep a bow .
his face suddenly became solemn and imposing , which gave him , however , a decidedly wicked look . then , silently , giving a general bow to all those present in the room , dmitri fyodorovich , with his big and resolute strides , went over to the window , sat down on the only remaining chair , not far from father paissy , and , leaning forward with his whole body , at once prepared to listen to the continuation of the conversation he had interrupted .
dmitri fyodorovich 's appearance had taken no more than a couple of minutes , and the conversation could not fail to start up again . but this time pyotr alexandrovich did not deem it necessary to reply to father paissy 's persistent and almost irritated question .
