just three hundred and forty-eight years , six months , and nineteen days ago today parisians woke to the sound of all the bells pealing out within the triple precinct of city , university , and town .
the sixth of january 1482 is not , however , a day commemorated by history .
there was nothing very special about the event which thus launched the bells and the people of paris into movement from early in the morning .
it was not an attack by picards or burgundians , not a procession of relics , not a student revolt in the laas vineyard , not our aforesaid most dread sovereign lord the king ’ making his entry , not even the fine spectacle of men and women being hanged for robbery at the palais de justice in paris .
nor was it the arrival of some embassy , a frequent occurrence in the fifteenth century , all bedizened and plumed .
it was hardly two days since the last cavalcade of that kind , the flemish embassy sent to conclude the marriage of the dauphin and marguerite of flanders , had entered paris , much to the annoyance of the cardinal de bourbon , who , to please the king , had had to put on a welcoming smile for this rustic bunch of flemish burgomasters and treat them , in his hôtel de bourbon , to a very fine morality , satire , and farce ’ , while torrential rain soaked the magnificent tapestries hung at his door .
what , in the words of jean de troyes , excited all the people of paris ’ on 6 january was the twofold celebration , combined since time immemorial , of the feast of the epiphany and the feast of fools .
that day there was to be a bonfire on the place de grève , a maypole set up at the chapel of braque , and a mystery play at the palais de justice .
the news had been publicly proclaimed with trumpet calls at all the crossroads by the provost ’ s men , in their handsome tunics of purple camlet , with big white crosses on the front .
from early morning the crowd of townsfolk , men and women , had begun to come in from all directions , leaving houses and shops closed up , making their way towards one of the three appointed places .
everyone had made a choice , some for the bonfire , some for the maypole , some for the mystery .
it must be said , in praise of the age-old good sense of curious parisians , that the majority of this crowd was making for the bonfire , which came very seasonably , or the mystery , to be performed in the sheltered and enclosed great hall of the palais , and that , by common consent , the curious left the poor maypole , with its scanty garlands , to shiver all alone under the january sky in the cemetery of the chapel of braque .
the flood of people was particularly dense in the roads leading to the palais de justice , because it was known that the flemish ambassadors , who had arrived two days earlier , intended to be present at the performance of the mystery play and the election of the pope of fools , which was also to take place in the great hall .
it was no easy matter that day to gain admission to the great hall , though at the time it was reputed to be the largest enclosed and covered space in the world .
to onlookers watching from their windows the place du palais , blocked with people , presented the appearance of a vast sea into which a dozen streets , like so many river mouths , continually disgorged fresh streams of heads .
the waves of this human flood , constantly spreading , broke against the corners of houses projecting here and there like headlands into the irregular basin formed by the place .
in the centre of the tall , gothic1 façade of the palais was the grand staircase ; up and down it flowed continuously a double stream , breaking on the central flight of steps , and then spreading out in broad waves over its two lateral flights .
the shouts of laughter , the tramping of these thousands of feet , set up a great noise and clamour .
now and then this noise and clamour grew louder , the current driving the whole crowd towards the grand staircase ebbed , broke into turbulence and eddies .
it was an archer thumping somebody , or the horse of one of the provost-sergeants kicking out to restore order—an admirable tradition bequeathed by the provost ’ s men to the constabulary , by the constabulary to the mounted police , and by the mounted police to our modern paris gendarmerie .
at doors , windows , skylights , on the roofs , swarmed thousands of citizens , with good , solid , honest faces , just looking at the palais , looking at the throng , and perfectly satisfied to do so , for plenty of people in paris are quite content with the spectacle of spectators , and curiosity is easily aroused by a wall behind which something is going on .
if it could be given to us , men of 1830 , to mingle in thought with these fifteenth-century parisians and join them as they go , tugged , jostled , shoved into this immense hall in the palais , so cramped on that 6 january 1482 , the spectacle would not prove to be without interest or appeal , and everything around us would be so old as to strike us as a novelty .
with the reader ’ s permission we shall try to recreate in imagination the impression he would have shared with us as he crossed the threshold of the great hall amid this throng of people dressed in surcoat , tunic , and kirtle .
first of all we feel a buzzing in our ears , our eyes are dazzled .
above our heads a double ogive vault , panelled with wooden carvings , painted sky-blue , sprinkled with golden fleurs-de-lys , beneath our feet a marble pavement with alternate slabs of black and white .
a few paces away stands an enormous pillar , then another and another ; seven pillars in all down the length of the hall , supporting in the middle of its width the springing of the double vaults .
round the first four pillars stand traders ’ stalls , sparkling with glass and tinsel ; round the last three are set oaken benches , worn smooth and polished by the breeches of litigants and the robes of lawyers .
all round the hall , along the lofty walls , between the doors , between the windows , between the pillars , is an endless range of statues of every king of france since pharamond ; the do-nothing kings , arms slack and eyes downcast ; the valorous warrior kings , head and hands raised boldly up to heaven .
then , in the tall pointed windows , stained glass of countless hues ; at the spacious arches leading to the hall , finely carved and splendid doors ; and the whole , vaults , pillars , walls , window frames , panelling , doors , statues , all covered from top to bottom with splendid gold and blue illumination , already slightly faded by the time we are looking at it , and almost completely hidden beneath dust and cobwebs in the year of grace 1549 when du breul still admired it as tradition demanded .
now imagine this vast oblong hall , lit by the wan light of a january day , invaded by a motley , noisy crowd drifting round the walls and swirling round the pillars , and you will already have a vague idea of the whole scene which we shall try to depict in more precise and curious detail .
it is certain that if ravaillac had not assassinated henri iv there would have been no documents from ravaillac ’ s trial to be deposited in the registry of the palais de justice ; no accomplices with an interest in making the said documents disappear ; hence no arsonists obliged , for want of any better method , to burn down the registry in order to burn the documents and to burn down the palais de justice in order to burn the registry ; in short , therefore , no great fire in 1618. the old palais would still be standing with its old great hall ; i could say to the reader go and see it ’ , and we should both be spared the trouble , i of composing , he of reading , any detailed description of it .
which proves a new truth : great events have incalculable consequences .
it is true that ravaillac may quite possibly have had no accomplices , and then that his accomplices , if perchance he had any , had nothing to do with the fire of 1618. there are two other , quite plausible explanations for it .
first , the great fiery star , a foot wide and a cubit high , which fell , as everyone knows , from the sky on to the palais , after midnight on 7 march .
[ it was indeed poor sport when dame justice in paris took too much spicy food/in bribes and set all her palate/palais ablaze . ]
whatever one may think of this triple explanation , political , physical , poetical , for the conflagration of the palais de justice in 1618 , the one unfortunately certain fact is the conflagration .
almost everything has disappeared .
what has become of the bedroom in the chancellery where st louis consummated his marriage ’ ?
the garden where he dispensed justice , wearing a camlet tunic , a sleeveless linseywoolsey surcoat , with a black sendal cloak on top , reclining on carpets with joinville ’ ?
that of charles iv ?
where is the staircase from which charles vi promulgated his edict of mercy ?
the slab on which marcel , in the dauphin ’ s presence , murdered robert de clermont and the maréchal de champagne ?
the wicket where the bulls of the anti-pope benedict were torn up , and from whence those who had brought them set out again , mockingly decked in cope and mitre , to make amende honorable right through paris ?
and the great hall , with its gilding , its azure colouring , pointed arches , statues , pillars , the immense vault fretted with carvings ?
and the gilded chamber ?
and the stone lion standing at the door , head down and tail between his legs , like the lions of solomon ’ s throne , in the humbly submissive posture befitting strength before justice ?
and the fine doors ?
and stained-glass windows ?
and the chased ironwork which made biscornette lose heart ?
and the delicate joinery of du hancy ?
what have the years , what have men done to these marvels ?
what have they given us in place of it all , all that gaulish history , all that gothic art ?
the heavy surbased arches of monsieur de brosse , the clumsy architect of the portail saint-gervais , so much for art ; and as for history , we have the garrulous memories of the great pillar , still echoing with the patrus ’ gossip .
it is not very much—let us return to the real great hall of the real old palais .
one end of this gigantic parallelogram contained the famous marble table , so long , broad , and thick , according to the old registers , in a style to whet gargantua ’ s appetite , that never had there been seen such a slab of marble anywhere in the world ’ .
the other end contained the chapel where louis xi had had himself sculptured kneeling before the virgin , and to which he had transferred , heedless of the two niches left empty in the row of royal statues , those of charlemagne and st louis , two saints who , he supposed , must enjoy much favour in heaven as kings of france .
this chapel , still new , its construction dating from barely six years before , was all conceived with that delightful taste for delicate architecture , wonderful sculpture , precise and deeply incised tracery which in france marks the end of the gothic age and survives until about the middle of the sixteenth century in the magical fantasies of the renaissance .
the little open-work rose-window pierced over the doorway was in particular a masterpiece of lightness and grace ; it looked like a star woven from lace .
in the middle of the hall , opposite the great door , a tribune of gold brocade had been set up against the wall , with its own entrance contrived through a window in the passage leading to the gilded chamber ; this was for the flemish envoys and other important persons invited to the performance of the mystery play .
according to custom the mystery was to be performed actually on the marble table .
it had been prepared to that end early that morning ; its rich slab of marble , scored by the heels of the law clerks , bore a frame of scaffolding of a considerable height , the upper surface of which , visible from every part of the hall , was to serve as the stage , while the inside , screened by tapestries , was to be used as a dressing room for the actors .
a ladder , artlessly placed outside , afforded communication between stage and dressing room , and its steep rungs had to serve for exits as well as entrances .
no character so unexpected , no twist of plot , no dramatic suspense but had to climb this ladder .
innocent and venerable infancy of art and stage machinery !
four sergeants of the bailiff of the palais , whose duty was to stand guard over all popular entertainments , whether holidays or executions , stood at the four corners of the marble table .
the play was not due to commence until the last stroke of twelve came from the great clock in the palais .
that was certainly late for a theatrical performance , but the time had to be set to suit the ambassadors .
now all this multitude had been waiting since morning .
a good number of these honest spectators had been shivering since daybreak in front of the great steps of the palais ; some even claimed to have spent the night lying in the great doorway to be sure of entering first .
the crowd grew denser all the time , and like water overflowing its level , began rising up the walls , surging round the pillars , spilling over the entablatures , cornices , window ledges , over all the architectural projections , all the protrusions of the sculptures .
so discomfort , impatience , boredom , the liberated feeling of a day devoted to licence and folly , the quarrels continually breaking out over too sharp a nudge or a kick from a hobnailed boot , the tedium of a long wait , all this well before the hour appointed for the ambassadors ’ arrival , lent a sour and bitter note to the clamour of this mass of people cribbed , cabined , confined , trampled , suffocated .
all that could be heard were curses on the flemings , the provost of merchants , cardinal de bourbon , the bailiff of the palais , madame marguerite of austria , the sergeants with their wands , the cold , the heat , the bad weather , the bishop of paris , the pope of fools , the pillars , the statues , this closed door , that open window , all to the great amusement of the bands of students and lackeys scattered through the mass , who stirred into all this discontent their own teasing and mischief , adding pinpricks to exacerbate the general ill humour .
among others there was a group of these merry devils who , after smashing the glass , had boldly ensconced themselves on the entablature of a window , and thence stared and jeered outside and inside in turn at the crowd in the hall and the crowd in the place outside .
from their gestures of mimicry , their roars of laughter , the banter and jeering cries they exchanged with one another from one end of the hall to the other , it was obvious that these young clerks did not share the boredom and weariness of those present , and knew very well how to turn the sight before their eyes into an entertainment for their private pleasure which gave them patience to wait for the other .
upon my soul , it ’ s you , joannes frollo de molendino , one of them cried out to a little fair-haired devil , with a comely , mischievous face , clinging to the carved acanthus leaves of a capital .
you are well named jehan of the mill ; your arms and legs look like four mill-sails turning in the wind .
how long have you been here ?
by the devil ’ s mercy , joannes frollo replied ; more than four hours now , and i have every hope of having them counted against my time in purgatory .
i heard the eight singing-men of the king of sicily intone the opening verse of the seven o ’ clock high mass from the sainte-chapelle .
fine singers , retorted the other ; their voices are even sharper than their pointed caps !
before he endowed a mass for st john , the king should have found out whether the worthy st john enjoys latin chanted with a provençal accent .
he did it to give work to those damned singers of the king of sicily !
screeched an old woman in the crowd below the window .
i ask you !
a thousand livres parisis for a mass !
and paid for from the tax on salt-water fish sold in the paris market , what ’ s more !
hold your peace , old woman , put in a stout and stately individual holding his nose as he stood beside the fishwife ; a mass certainly had to be endowed .
surely you didn ’ t want the king to fall sick again ?
bravely spoken , sir gilles lecornu , master skinner and furrier of the king ’ s wardrobe !
a roar of laughter from all the students greeted the unfortunate name of the poor skinner-furrier of the king ’ s wardrobe .
cornutus et hirsutus [ horned and hairy ] , added another .
there is his honour gilles lecornu , brother of maître jacques lecornu , provost of the king ’ s household , son of maître mahiet lecornu , head porter of the bois de vincennes , all burghers of paris , all married from father to son !
the stout furrier , without answering a word , strove to escape the eyes gazing at him from every side , but he sweated and puffed in vain ; like a wedge being driven into wood , the only result of his efforts was to clamp still more tightly between his neighbours ’ shoulders his great apoplectic face , purple with vexation and rage .
finally one of these neighbours , short , stout , and respectable like him , came to his aid :
the whole band burst out : ho there !
who is singing that song ?
who is that screechowl of ill omen ?
there , i know who he is , said one ; he ’ s maître andry musnier .
because he ’ s one of the four official booksellers of the university !
everything in that dump goes in fours , cried a third ; four nations , four faculties , four holidays , four proctors , four electors , four booksellers .
well then , jehan frollo put in , we ’ ll have to play four kinds of merry hell with them .
musnier , we ’ ll burn your books .
musnier , we ’ ll thrash your lackey .
musnier , we ’ ll rumple your wife .
good stout mademoiselle oudarde .
as fresh and merry as if she were a widow .
devil take you !
muttered maître andry musnier .
maître andry , jehan went on , still hanging on to his capital , shut up , or i ’ ll drop on your head !
maître andry looked up , seemed for a moment to be gauging the height of the pillar , the weight of the young rascal , mentally multiplied that weight by the square of the velocity , and shut up .
jehan , master of the battlefield , pressed on in triumph : i ’ d do it too , even if i am an archdeacon ’ s brother !
didn ’ t even see that our privileges were respected on a day like this !
why , there ’ s a maypole and a bonfire in the town ; a mystery play , pope of fools , and a flemish embassy in the city ; and in the university not a thing !
yet the place maubert is big enough !
replied one of the clerks stationed on the window ledge .
down with the rector , the electors and the proctors !
we must make a bonfire this evening in the champ-gaillard , the other continued , with maître andry ’ s books .
and the scribes ’ desks !
and the beadles ’ wands !
and the deans ’ spittoons !
and the proctors ’ sideboards !
and the electors ’ chests !
and the rector ’ s stools !
down with them all !
little jehan chimed in with the chorus ; down with maître andry , the beadles and the scribes , the theologians , doctors , and canon lawyers ; the proctors , the electors , and the rector !
this is the end of the world then , murmured andry , stopping up his ears .
talk of the rector !
here he comes , down in the place !
everyone tried to turn round and face the place .
is that really our venerable rector , maître thibaut ?
asked jehan frollo du moulin. , who could not see what was going on outside from the inside pillar to which he clung .
yes , yes , all the others answered , it ’ s him , it ’ s him all right , maître thibaut , the rector .
it was indeed the rector and all the university dignitaries going in procession to meet the embassy , and at that moment crossing the place du palais .
the students , pressing at the window , greeted them as they passed by with sarcastic sallies and ironic applause .
the rector , riding at the head of his company , took the first broadside : it was a rough one .
good-day , monsieur le recteur !
good-day to you !
how did he manage to be here , the old gambler ?
did he leave his dice behind ?
look at him trotting along on his mule !
its ears aren ’ t as long as his !
good-day , monsieur le recteur thibaut !
god save you !
did you throw many double sixes last night ?
his face all grey and drawn and hollow-eyed because he ’ s so fond of gambling and dice !
where are you going then , tybalde ad dados [ thibaut the dice ] , turning your back on the university and trotting off towards the town ?
he ’ s probably going to look for lodgings in the rue thibautodé , cried jehan du moulin .
the whole band repeated the pun in thunderous tones , with frenzied clapping .
you are off to look for lodgings in the rue thibautodé , aren ’ t you , monsieur le recteur , the man who gambles with the devil ?
then came the turn of the other dignitaries .
down with the beadles !
down with the mace-bearers !
tell me , robin poussepain , who ’ s that fellow ?
that ’ s gilbert de suilly , gilbertus de soliaco , chancellor of the collège d ’ autun .
here , here ’ s my shoe ; you are better placed than i am , throw it in his face .
saturnalitias mittimus ecce nuces [ here we send some saturnalian nuts ] .
down with the six theologians in their white surplices !
are they theologians there ?
i thought they were the six white geese sainte-geneviève pays the town for the fief of roogny .
down with the doctors !
down with all disputations , the regular ones and the occasional ones too .
here ’ s my cap for you , chancellor of sainte-geneviève !
you did me down—yes , it ’ s quite true !
he gave my place in the norman nation to little ascanio falzaspada , who belongs to the province of bourges , since he ’ s italian .
that ’ s not fair , said all the students .
down with the chancellor of sainte-geneviève !
maître joachim de ladehors !
devil choke the proctor of the german nation !
and the chaplains of the sainte-chapelle with their grey amices , cum tunicis grisis !
seu de pellibus grisis fourratisl [ or lined with grey fur !
masters of arts !
look at all those fine black copes !
all those fine red copes !
that makes a fine tail for the rector .
it ’ s like the doge of venice going to wed the sea .
the canons of sainte-geneviève !
abbot claude choart !
doctor claude choart !
are you looking for marie la giffarde ?
she ’ s in the rue de glatigny .
making the bed for the chief inspector of bawds .
paying her fourpence : quattuor denarios .
aut unum bombum [ or a fart ] .
do you want her to pay you on the nose ?
maître simon sanguin , elector of picardy , with his wife on the pillion .
post equitem sedet atra cura [ dark care sits behind the rider ] .
bold man , maître simon !
good-day , monsieur the elector !
good-night , madame the electress !
aren ’ t they lucky to be able to see it all , said joannes de molendino with a sigh , still perched up on the foliage of his capital .
meanwhile the university ’ s official bookseller , maître andry musnier , bent to whisper in the ear of the furrier of the king ’ s wardrobe , maître gilles lecornu .
i tell you , monsieur , it ’ s the end of the world .
the students ’ behaviour has never been so outrageous .
it ’ s all these damnable modern inventions that are the ruin of everything .
it ’ s the end of manuscripts , the end of books !
printing is killing off the book trade .
the end of the world is at hand !
i can see that from the way velvet material is coming in , said the furrier .
at that moment the clock struck twelve .
said the whole crowd with one voice .
the students fell silent , then there was a great bustling about , a great moving of heads and feet , a great explosion of coughs and nose-blowing ; everyone settled in their chosen positions , stood on tiptoe , bunched together ; then a great silence fell ; every neck remained outstretched , every mouth open , every eye turned to the marble table .
the bailiff ’ s four sergeants still stood there , stiff and motionless as four painted statues .
all eyes turned to the tribune reserved for the flemish envoys .
the door remained closed , the tribune empty .
this crowd had been waiting since early morning for three things : noon , the embassy from flanders , the mystery play .
only noon had been punctual .
this was really too much .
they waited one , two , three , five minutes , a quarter of an hour ; nothing came .
the tribune stayed empty , the stage silent .
meanwhile impatience gave way to anger .
people were expressing annoyance , still quietly , it is true .
came a subdued murmur .
the mood was one of ferment .
a storm , as yet only rumbling , hovered over the surface of the crowd .
it was jehan du moulin who struck the first spark .
the mystery , and to hell with the flemings !
he yelled with all the strength of his lungs , writhing like a serpent round his capital .
the crowd clapped their hands .
they repeated , and to hell with flanders !
we want the mystery , and we want it now , went on the student , or methinks we should hang the bailiff of the palais by way of comedy and morality .
well spoken , cried the people ; let ’ s start the hanging with his sergeants .
this met with loud cheers .
the four poor devils began to go pale and looked at each other .
the mob moved towards them , and they could already see the flimsy wooden balustrade separating them from it begin to bend and bulge under pressure from the crowd .
the moment was critical .
string them up !
rose the cry on every side .
at that moment the curtain of the dressing room described earlier parted , and through it came an individual whose mere appearance stopped the crowd and as if by magic changed its anger into curiosity .
this person , by no means reassured and shaking in every limb , came up to the edge of the marble table , with frequent bows , and the nearer he came the more they looked like genuflexions .
meanwhile calm had been gradually restored .
all that remained was the slight murmur always given off by a silent crowd .
gentlemen , he said , and ladies , citizens of this town , we are to have the honour of declaiming and performing before his eminence monsieur le cardinal a very fine morality play entitled : the good judgement of our lady the virgin mary .
i play jupiter .
his eminence is at this moment accompanying the most honourable embassy of monsieur the duke of austria ; which is being delayed at the present moment while they listen to the address of monsieur the rector of the university at the porte baudets .
as soon as the most eminent cardinal appears we shall begin .
it is certain that nothing less than jupiter ’ s intervention could have saved the four unfortunate sergeants of the bailiff of the palais .
if we had been fortunate enough to invent this most truthful story and consequently to have to answer for it before our lady of criticism , we could not at this moment be charged with the classical precept : ne deus intersit [ let there be no divine intervention ] .
besides , lord jupiter ’ s costume was most handsome and had helped considerably in calming the crowd by attracting all its attention .
jupiter wore a coat of mail covered in black velvet , with gilt studs ; on his head was a bycocket decorated with silver-gilt buttons ; and but for the rouge and bushy beard which each covered half his face ; but for the scroll of gilded pasteboard , sprinkled with sequins and bristling with strips of tinsel , in his hand , easily recognized by expert eyes as thunderbolts ; but for his flesh-coloured feet , sporting ribbons in the grecian style , he might have borne comparison , for the severity of his appearance , with a breton archer of monsieur de berry ’ s corps .
in the course of his oration , however , the satisfaction and admiration unanimously aroused by his costume diminished as he spoke , and when he reached the unfortunate conclusion : as soon as the most eminent cardinal arrives we shall begin ’ , his voice was drowned by thunderous booing .
the mystery right away !
cried the people .
and above all the other voices that of joannes de molendino could be heard , cutting through the hubbub like the fife in a charivari at nîmes : start right away !
the student was yelping .
down with jupiter and the cardinal de bourbon !
bawled robin poussepain and the other clerks perched on the window .
the morality now !
repeated the crowd .
string up the players and the cardinal !
poor jupiter , gaunt , aghast , pale under his rouge , dropped his thunderbolt , took his helmet in his hand ; then bowing and trembling he stammered : his eminence … the ambassadors … madame marguerite of flanders … ’ .
he did not know what to say .
truth to tell , he was afraid of being hanged .
hanged by the crowd for waiting , hanged by the cardinal for not waiting , all he could see on either side of him was an abyss that is a gallows .
fortunately someone came to rescue him and assume responsibility .
an individual , who stood within the balustrade in the space left clear round the marble table , had so far gone unnoticed , so completely was his long , slender person protected from every line of sight by the diameter of the pillar on which he was leaning .
but the other was too stunned to notice .
he said , my dear jupiter !
the other did not hear .
finally the tall , fair-haired man lost patience , and shouted almost directly into his face :
who ’ s calling me ?
said jupiter , as if waking up with a start .
i am , answered the man in black .
start at once , the other went on .
satisfy the crowd .
i ’ ll take care of placating monsieur the bailiff , and he ’ ll placate the cardinal .
jupiter breathed again .
worshipful citizens , he shouted with all the power in his lungs to the crowd which went on booing , we are starting at once .
cried the people .
they clapped their hands in deafening applause , and the hall was still rocking with cheers by the time jupiter had retired behind his curtain .
meanwhile , the unknown man who had so magically changed the storm into calm ’ as our dear old corneille puts it , had modestly returned to the obscurity of his pillar , where he could no doubt have remained invisible , motionless and silent as before , had he not been drawn away by two young women who , from their place in the front row of spectators , had observed his conversation with michel giborne/jupiter .
maître , said one of them , beckoning him closer …
do be quiet , my dear liénarde , said her neighbour , pretty , fresh-faced , and a brave sight in her best clothes .
he ’ s not a clerk , he ’ s a layman .
messire , said liénarde .
the stranger approached the balustrade .
what can i do for you , mademoiselle ?
he asked , as if anxious to oblige .
nothing , said liénarde in embarrassment , it ’ s my neighbour , gisquette-la-gencienne , who wants a word with you .
no , no , replied gisquette , blushing , it was liénarde who said : maître ; i told her she should say : messire .
the two girls dropped their eyes .
the man , who asked for nothing better than to engage them in conversation , looked at them with a smile .
so you have nothing to say to me , mesdemoiselles ?
nothing at all , replied gisquette .
no , nothing , said liénarde .
the tall , fair young man took a step back , but the two girls were curious and did not want to let him go .
messire , burst out gisquette eagerly , with a rush , like a lock-gate opening or a woman making up her mind , so you know that soldier who is to play the part of our lady the virgin in the mystery ?
you mean jupiter ’ s part ?
the nameless man replied .
oh , yes , said liénarde , isn ’ t she stupid !
so you know jupiter ?
answered the nameless one .
he has a fine beard !
is it going to be lovely , what they are going to say up there ?
gisquette asked timidly .
very lovely , mademoiselle , the nameless one replied without the slightest hesitation .
what will it be ?
the good judgement of our lady the virgin , a morality , if you please , mademoiselle .
ah , that ’ s different , answered liénarde .
a brief silence ensued .
it ’ s a brand new morality , never been used before .
so it ’ s not the same , said gisquette , as the one they put on two years ago , the day monsieur the legate made his entry , when they had three lovely girls representing … ’
sirens , said liénarde .
and stark naked , added the young man .
liénarde modestly dropped her eyes .
gisquette looked at her and did the same .
he went on with a smile : it was a most agreeable sight .
today it ’ s a morality specially composed for madame the princess of flanders .
will they sing bergerettes ?
said the stranger , in a morality ?
you must not confuse different kinds of play .
if it was a farce , that would be fine .
that ’ s a pity , gisquette replied .
that day , at the ponceau fountain , there were wild men and women fighting and striking different attitudes while they sang little motets and bergerettes .
what is suitable for a legate , the stranger said rather dryly , is not suitable for a princess .
and by them , liénarde went on , several bass instruments were playing most tunefully .
and for the refreshment of passers-by , continued gisquette , the fountain had three spouts pouring out wine , milk , and hippocras , for anyone to help themselves .
and a bit down from the ponceau , liénarde went on , at the trinité , there was a passion play without words .
don ’ t i remember !
cried gisquette : god on the cross , and the two thieves to left and right !
at this the young gossips , becoming excited at the memory of the legate ’ s entry , both began talking at once .
and further on , at the porte-aux-peintres , there were some other people in sumptuous clothes .
and at the holy innocents ’ fountain that huntsman chasing a deer with a great noise of hounds and hunting horns !
and at the paris boucherie those scaffolds representing the fortress of dieppe !
and when the legate went by , you know , gisquette , they launched their assault and all the english had their throats cut !
and at the châtelet , against the gate , there were some other lovely-looking actors !
and on the pont-au-change , which was all covered in hangings !
and when the legate went past they released more than two hundred dozen birds of every kind ; it was really lovely , liénarde .
it will be lovelier still today , their interlocutor finally put in , his patience apparently tried as he listened to them .
do you promise it will be a fine mystery today ?
absolutely , he answered ; then he added with some emphasis , mesdemoiselles , i am the author .
said the girls , quite astounded .
the poet answered , rather preening himself : that is there are two of us : jehan marchand who sawed the boards and put up the framework for the theatre and all the woodwork , and i , who wrote the play .
my name is pierre gringoire .
the author of the cid could not have said pierre corneille ’ more proudly .
our readers may have observed that some time must have elapsed between the moment when jupiter went behind the curtain and that when the author of the new morality play so abruptly revealed himself to the simple admiration of gisquette and liénarde .
remarkably enough , all the crowd , which had been in such an uproar a few minutes before , was now quite docile as it waited , trusting in the actor ’ s word , which goes to prove the eternal truth , still a matter of daily experience in our modern theatres , that the best way to get the public to wait patiently is to assure them that the play is about to begin at once .
however , the student joannes was not asleep .
he suddenly cried amid the expectant calm which had followed the commotion , jupiter , our lady the virgin , you devil ’ s tumblers !
are you having us on ?
start now , or we ’ ll start up again !
that was all it needed .
from inside the scaffolding came the sound of music from instruments both treble and bass ; the curtain was raised ; four characters in motley and make-up emerged , climbed the steep ladder up to the stage , and once on the upper platform lined up before the public , to whom they bowed low ; at that the music stopped .
the mystery was about to begin .
the four characters , their bows amply rewarded by applause , embarked , amid a religious silence , on a prologue , which we gladly spare our readers .
besides , as still happens today , the public was much more interested in the costumes worn by the actors than in the part they were reciting ; and indeed this was only right .
all four wore robes half yellow and half white , differing only in the kind of material of which they were made ; the first was of gold and silver brocade , the second silk , the third wool , the fourth coarse linen .
the first character held a sword in his right hand , the second two golden keys , the third a pair of scales , the fourth a spade ; and to help those of sluggish intelligence who had failed to see clearly through such transparent attributes , one could read embroidered in big black letters : at the bottom of the brocade robe my name is nobility ; at the bottom of the silk robe my name is clergy ; at the bottom of the woollen robe my name is trade ; and at the bottom of the linen robe my name is husbandry .
the sex of the two male allegories was clearly indicated to every discerning spectator by their shorter robes and the cramignole ’ caps they wore , while the two female allegories , whose dresses were not so short , wore hoods .
it would have needed a lot of ill will not to grasp , through the poetry of the prologue , that husbandry was married to trade and clergy to nobility , and that the two happy couples were the joint owners of a magnificent golden dolphin ( dauphin ) which they intended to award only to the most beautiful of women .
so they were going round the world in a search and quest for this beauty , and having rejected successively the queen of golconda , the princess of trebizond , the grand khan of tartary ’ s daughter etc. , etc. , husbandry and trade , nobility and clergy had come to rest themselves on the marble table of the palais de justice , while they uttered before the worthy audience all the sentences and maxims which could at that time be dispensed in the faculty of arts in the examinations , sophisms , determinations , figures , and acts at which masters were capped for their degrees .
this was indeed all very fine .
however , in this crowd over which the four allegories competed in pouring out streams of metaphor , no ear was more attentive , no heart palpitated with more emotion , no eye was more distraught , no neck more intently craned than the eye , ear , heart , and neck of the author , the poet , the good pierre gringoire , who a moment before had not been able to resist the pleasure of telling two pretty girls his name .
he had returned to a position a few yards from them , behind his pillar , where he listened , watched , relished .
the warm applause which had greeted the beginning of his prologue still resounded in his inmost heart , and he was completely absorbed in the kind of ecstatic contemplation with which an author sees his ideas drop one by one from the actor ’ s lips into the silence of a vast audience .
worthy pierre gringoire !
it pains us to say so , but this initial ecstasy was very soon disturbed .
gringoire had scarcely raised to his lips this heady cup of joy and triumph when a dash of bitterness was mixed into it .
a ragged beggar , unable to ply his trade , lost as he was amidst the crowd , and who had no doubt failed to find sufficient compensation in his neighbours ’ pockets , had conceived the idea of perching in some conspicuous spot so as to attract attention and alms .
he had therefore , during the opening lines of the prologue , hoisted himself up by means of the pillars of the reserved tribune as far as the cornice running along the lower edge of its balustrade , and had sat down there , soliciting the attention and pity of the multitude with his rags and a hideous sore covering his right arm .
for the rest , he uttered not a word .
his silence allowed the prologue to proceed without hindrance , and no noticeable disorder would have occurred had not mischance caused the student joannes , high up on his pillar , to catch sight of the beggar and his grimaces .
helpless laughter overcame the young rascal , and unconcerned at interrupting the play and disturbing everyone ’ s concentration he cheerfully bawled : look at that fellow , faking sickness and asking for alms !
anyone who has ever tossed a stone into a pond full of frogs or fired a gun at a flock of birds can imagine the effect of such unseemly words when the attention of all was fixed elsewhere .
gringoire started as if from an electric shock .
the prologue was stopped short , and amid uproar all heads turned towards the beggar , who , far from being disconcerted , saw in this incident a good opportunity to reap a profit , and began with doleful look and half-closed eyes to call : charity , please !
well now , upon my soul , joannes went on , it ’ s clopin trouillefou .
hey there , my friend , was that sore on your leg so uncomfortable that you moved it to your arm ?
so saying , he threw , deft as a monkey , a small coin into the greasy hat that the beggar held out with his affected arm .
the beggar accepted the alms and the gibe without flinching , and went on crying mournfully : charity , please !
this episode had seriously distracted the audience , and a good number of spectators , with robin poussepain and all the clerks in the lead , merrily applauded the weird duet improvised in the middle of the prologue by the student with his strident voice and the beggar with his imperturbable chant .
gringoire was extremely put out .
recovering from his initial stupefaction , he cried with all his might to the four characters on stage : go on !
damn it all , go on !
without even deigning to spare a scornful glance at the two interrupters .
at that moment he felt someone tug at the hem of his surcoat ; he turned round in some annoyance , and had some difficulty in smiling . he had to , however .
it was gisquette-la-gencienne ’ s comely arm pushed through the balustrade which thus invited his attention .
monsieur , the girl said , will they be going on ?
certainly , gringoire answered , rather taken aback by the question .
in that case , messire , she went on , would you be kind enough to explain … ’
what they are going to say ?
no , said gisquette , what they ’ ve said so far .
gringoire jumped like someone touched on an open wound .
a plague on the stupid , dim-witted girl !
he said between clenched teeth .
from that moment on he dismissed gisquette from his mind .
meanwhile the actors had obeyed his injunction , and the public , seeing them speaking again , had begun again to listen , not without the loss of much beautiful poetry in the sort of soldered patch effected to join the two parts of the piece so abruptly cut off .
gringoire reflected on this bitterly in an undertone .
however , calm had gradually been restored , the student was quiet , the beggar was counting coins in his hat , and the play once more had the upper hand .
it was in fact a very fine piece of work , and in our view might well be turned to good account even today , subject to a few alterations .
the exposition , rather long and rather hollow , that is to say within the rules , was simple , and gringoire , in the candid sanctuary of his inmost heart , admired its clarity .
as may well be supposed , the four allegorical characters were rather weary after travelling three parts around the world without managing to dispose acceptably of their golden dolphin .
whereupon came a eulogy of the marvellous fish , with numerous delicate allusions to marguerite of flanders ’ young fiancè , then in dreary seclusion at amboise , scarcely suspecting that husbandry and clergy , nobility and trade had just gone round the world for his sake .
the aforesaid dolphin , then , was young , handsome , strong , and above all ( magnificent origin of all the royal virtues ! )
i declare this bold metaphor to be admirable , and maintain that natural history in the theatre , on a day of allegory and royal epithalamium , has no cause for offence in a dolphin being son of a lion .
it is precisely such rare , pindaric hybrids which prove real enthusiasm .
none the less , to give criticism its due as well , the poet could have developed this fine idea in something less than two hundred lines .
it is true that the mystery was meant to last from noon until four in the afternoon , according to monsieur the provost ’ s decree , and the actors had to say something .
besides , the audience were listening patiently .
suddenly , in the middle of a quarrel between mademoiselle trade and madame nobility , just as maître husbandry was pronouncing the wonderful line :
you never saw a more triumphant beast in all the woods ’
the door of the reserved tribune , which had so far remained inconveniently closed , was still more inconveniently opened , and the usher ’ s resounding voice abruptly announced : his eminence monseigneur the cardinal de bourbon .
monsieur le cardinal
the crash of all the great double petards on st john ’ s day , a volley from a score of arquebuses , the detonation of that famous serpentine in the billy tower , which killed seven burgundians in one go on sunday , 29 december 1465 during the siege of paris , the explosion of all the gunpowder in the magazine at the porte du temple , none of that could have split his eardrums more brutally at that solemn and dramatic moment than those few words from an usher ’ s mouth : his eminence monseigneur the cardinal de bourbon .
not that pierre gringoire felt any fear , or contempt , for the cardinal .
he was neither so weak nor so arrogant .
a genuine eclectic , as we should say today , gringoire was one of those spirits , at once elevated , firm , moderate , and calm , who always manage to preserve a balance ( stare in dimidio rerum ) full of reason and liberal philosophy , while paying cardinals their due .
wisdom , like a second ariadne , seems to have given this precious , unbroken line of philosophers a ball of thread which they have been unwinding since the world began through the labyrinth of human affairs .
they are to be found in every age , always the same , that is always in tune with the age .
setting aside our pierre gringoire , who would be their representative in the fifteenth century if we succeeded in restoring to him the renown he deserves , it was certainly their spirit which inspired father du breul in the sixteenth century when he wrote these sublimely simple words , worthy of any century : i am a parisian by nation and a parrhesian by speech , since parrhesia in greek means liberty of speech ; thus have i dealt even with my lords the cardinals , uncle and brother of my lord the prince de conti ; albeit respecting their greatness and without offending anyone in their entourage , no mean feat .
there was thus no dislike of the cardinal , nor scorn for his presence , in the disagreeable impression it made on pierre gringoire .
quite the contrary ; our poet had too much common sense and too threadbare a smock not to feel particularly keen that many of the allusions in his prologue , especially the glorification of the dolphin , son of the lion of france , should be picked up by so eminent an ear .
but self-interest is not the ruling factor in the noble nature of poets .
if we assume that the poet ’ s entity is represented by the number ten , it is certain that a chemist , analysing and , as rabelais puts it , pharmacopolizing it , would find it composed of one part of self-interest to nine of self-esteem .
now , at the moment when the door opened for the cardinal , gringoire ’ s nine parts of self-esteem , inflated and puffed up by the breath of popular admiration , were in a state of prodigious enlargement , causing that imperceptible molecule of self-interest which we identified a moment ago in the constitution of poets , to disappear as if smothered ; a precious ingredient , moreover a ballast of reality and humanity without which poets ’ feet would never touch the ground .
gringoire was enraptured at feeling , seeing , fingering , so to speak , a whole assembly ( of the baser sort , true , but what does that matter ? )
being stunned , petrified , as though asphyxiated by the immeasurable tirades continually erupting from every part of his epithalamium .
i can assert that he himself shared the general beatitude , and unlike la fontaine , who asked during a performance of his comedy the florentine : what bumpkin wrote that rhapsodic mess ?
gringoire would gladly have asked his neighbour : who wrote this masterpiece ?
you can now judge the effect on him of the cardinal ’ s abrupt and untimely arrival .
all his worst fears were only too well realized .
his eminence ’ s entrance had a shattering effect on the audience .
every head turned towards the tribune .
you could no longer hear yourself speak .
the unfortunate prologue was cut short for the second time .
the cardinal paused for a moment at the entrance to the tribune .
as he cast a somewhat indifferent eye round the audience , the uproar increased .
everyone wanted a better view of him .
each one strained to crane his head over his neighbour ’ s shoulder .
he was indeed an exalted personage , the sight of whom was worth any stage spectacle .
charles , cardinal de bourbon , archbishop count of lyons , primate of the gauls , was related both to louis xi , through his brother , pierre , lord of beaujeu , who had married the king ’ s daughter , and to charles the bold , through his mother , agnès of burgundy .
now the ruling feature , the characteristic and distinctive aspect of the primate of the gauls ’ character was his courtier ’ s instinct and his devotion to those in power .
one can imagine the countless problems which these double family connections had caused him , and all the temporal shoals through which his spiritual barque had had to tack , lest it be wrecked either on louis or on charles , that scylla and charybdis which had swallowed up the duke of nemours and the constable of saint-pol .
heaven be praised , he had survived the passage rather well , and arrived in rome without mishap .
but though he was in harbour , and precisely because he was in harbour , he never recalled without disquiet the diverse fortunes of his political life , so long filled with danger and toil .
thus he used to say that 1476 had been a black and white ’ year for him ; meaning that in one year he had lost his mother , the duchess of bourbonnais , and his cousin , the duke of burgundy , one bereavement consoling him for the other .
he enjoyed a cardinal ’ s life , liked getting merry on the royal wine of challuau [ chaillot ] , was not averse to richarde la garmoise and thomasse la saillarde , gave alms to pretty girls rather than to old women , and for all these reasons went down very well with the ordinary people of paris .
he went about always surrounded by a little court of bishops and abbots of noble lineage , gallant , bawdy , and good trenchermen if need be ; and more than once the pious ladies of saint-germain d ’ auxerre , passing in the evening beneath the brightly lit windows of the bourbon residence , had been scandalized to hear the same voices which had sung them vespers in the daytime chanting to the clink of glasses the bacchic motto of benedict xii , the pope who added a third crown to the tiara : bibamus papaliter ’ [ let us drink papally ] .
it was no doubt this well-deserved popularity which saved him , as he entered , from any hostile reception from the throng , which had been so disgruntled only a moment before and not at all in the mood to show respect for a cardinal on the very day when they were going to elect a pope .
but parisians rarely harbour a grudge ; and then , by having the performance begin on their own authority , the good citizens had scored over the cardinal , and that triumph was enough for them .
besides , monsieur le cardinal de bourbon was a fine figure of a man , he had a fine red robe and wore it very well ; in other words , he had all the women on his side , and consequently the better part of the audience .
it would certainly be unfair and in poor taste to boo a cardinal for keeping everyone waiting at the show , when he is a fine-looking man and wears his red robe so well .
he came in then , greeted the audience with the hereditary smile which the great bestow on the people , and advanced with measured step towards his scarlet armchair , looking as though his thoughts were elsewhere .
his train , what would today be called his staff of bishops and abbots , poured on to the tribune in his wake , exciting increased tumult and curiosity among the groundlings .
everyone was trying to point them out to his neighbour , put a name to them , be acquainted with at least one of them ; for one it was the lord bishop of marseilles , alaudet , if memory serves aright ; another the dean of saint-denis ; another , robert de lespinasse , abbot of saint-germain-des-prés , libertine brother of one of louis xi ’ s mistresses : all this with numerous errors and cacophony .
as for the students , they were swearing .
it was their day , their feast of fools , their saturnalia , annual orgy of law clerks and students .
on that day their entitlement to the vilest behaviour was something sacred .
and then there were some wild gossips in the crowd , simone quatre-livres , agnès la gadine , robine piédebou .
couldn ’ t they at least be left to swear in peace and utter the odd profanity on such a fine day , in the excellent company of churchmen and harlots ?
so they went to it with a will ; and amid the general clamour came a fearful chorus of blasphemies and obscenities from all these unbridled tongues of clerks and students , restrained for the rest of the year by fear of saint louis ’ s branding irons on their tongues .
poor saint louis , how they derided him in his own palais de justice !
each of them had marked out a target among those who had just arrived on the tribune , a black , or grey , or white , or violet cassock .
as for joannes frollo de molendino , as an archdeacon ’ s brother it was on the red cassock that he launched his bold assault , and he sang at the top of his voice , staring shamelessly at the cardinal : cappa repleta mero ’ [ a cope filled with wine ] .
all these details , here exposed for the reader ’ s edification , were so submerged in the general tumult as to be lost before they reached the reserved tribune .
besides , the cardinal would not have been much upset , for the licence on that day was quite taken for granted .
in any case , as his preoccupied expression showed , he had another cause for concern , which followed hard on his heels and came on to the tribune almost at the same time as he did .
not that he was a profound politician , fussing about the possible consequences of the marriage of madame his cousin , marguerite of burgundy , to monsieur his cousin , charles , dauphin of vienne ; how long the understanding patched up between the duke of austria and the king of france would last , how the king of england would take this slight to his daughter , that worried him very little , and every evening he paid tribute to wine from the royal vineyard at chaillot without ever suspecting that a few flasks of that same wine ( slightly revised and amended , it is true , by the physician coictier ) cordially presented to edward iv by louis xi would one fine morning rid louis xi of edward iv .
the most honoured embassy of the duke of austria ’ brought the cardinal no such worries , but bothered him in another way .
it was indeed a bit hard , as we have already mentioned on the second page of this book , that he , charles de bourbon , should be obliged to entertain and welcome mere burghers : he , a cardinal , they échevins [ sheriffs ] ; he , a frenchman , fond of the table , they flemish beer-swillers ; and in public at that .
this was , to be sure , one of the most irksome smiles he had ever had to assume for the sake of the king ’ s good pleasure .
he turned towards the door , then , with the utmost graciousness ( so well did he apply himself ) , when the usher resoundingly announced : messieurs the envoys of monsieur the duke of austria .
at that there filed in , two by two , with a gravity strongly contrasting with the exuberant ecclesiastical suite of charles de bourbon , maximilian of austria ’ s ambassadors , led by the reverend father in god jehan , abbot of saint-bertin , chancellor of the golden fleece , and jacques de goy , sieur dauby , high bailiff of ghent .
a profound silence fell on the assembly , with some laughter , though muffled so that they could listen to all the ludicrous names and civic titles that each individual transmitted imperturbably to the usher , who then tossed names and titles in any order and much mangled down to the crowd .
there was maître loys roelof , échevin of the town of louvain ; messire clays d ’ étuelde , échevin of brussels ; messire paul de baeust , sieur de voirmizelle , presiding magistrate of flanders ; maître jehan coleghens , burgomaster of antwerp ; maître george de la moere , first échevin of the kuere [ court ] of ghent ; maître gheldof van der hage , first échevin of the parchons of the aforesaid town ; and the sieur de bier-becque , and jehan pinnock , and jehan dymaerzelle , etc. , etc. , etc .
: bailiffs , échevins , burgomasters ; burgomasters , échevins , bailiffs ; all stiff , formal , starchy in their best velvet and damask , wearing cramignole caps of black velvet with huge tassels of cyprus gold thread ; good flemish heads after all , dignified , severe features belonging to the same family as that which rembrandt brings out so powerfully and gravely against the black background of the night watch ’ ; personages every one of whom bore graven on his brow that maximilian of austria had been right , as his manifesto ran : to have full confidence in their prudence , valour , experience , loyalty , and integrity ’ .
with one exception , however .
this was a shrewd , intelligent , cunning face , a sort of cross between a monkey and a diplomat , towards which the cardinal advanced three paces and bowed low , and yet whose name was just guillaume rym , counsellor and pensionary of the town of ghent .
few then knew what manner of man was guillaume rym .
a rare genius , who in time of revolution would have made a dazzling appearance on the surface of events , but who in the fifteenth century was reduced to subterranean intrigue and living in the saps ’ , as the due de saint-simon puts it .
for the rest , he was appreciated by the chief sapper ’ of europe , he was familiarly involved in louis xi ’ s machinations , and often lent a hand with the king ’ s secret operations .
all of which was quite unknown to this crowd , which marvelled at the courtesies paid by the cardinal to this weedy-looking flemish bailiff .
maître jacques coppenole
while the pensionary of ghent and his eminence were exchanging low bows and a few words in an even lower voice , a tall man with a broad face and powerful shoulders came up so that he entered abreast with guillaume rym , looking like a mastiff beside a fox .
his felt bycocket and leather jerkin stood out conspicuously amid the silk and velvet around him .
assuming that he was some groom who had lost his way , the usher stopped him .
hey , my friend !
the man in the leather jerkin shouldered him aside .
what does this fellow think he ’ s doing ?
he roared in a voice which drew the attention of the entire hall to this strange altercation .
can ’ t you see that i am one of them ?
asked the usher .
hosier , at the sign of the three little chains at ghent .
the usher recoiled .
announcing échevins and burgomasters was one thing , but a hosier … that was hard .
the cardinal was in torment .
all the people were looking and listening .
for two days now his eminence had been striving to lick these flemish bears into rather better shape for public appearances , and this piece of bad manners went too far .
meanwhile guillaume rym , with his crafty smile , went up to the usher :
announce maître jacques coppenole , clerk to the échevins of the town of ghent , he said in a very low whisper .
usher , the cardinal said aloud , announce maître jacques coppenole , clerk to the échevins of the illustrious town of ghent .
that was a mistake .
guillaume rym left to himself could have evaded the difficulty , but coppenole had heard the cardinal .
do you hear , usher ?
no more , and no less .
by the rood !
hosier is fine enough !
my lord archduke has gone looking more than once for his gauntlet [ ghent-let ] in my hose .
in paris a pun is picked up at once , and thus always applauded .
it should be added that coppenole was a man of the people , and the audience around him was of the people .
so communication between him and them had been rapid , electric , and , so to speak , on an equal footing .
the flemish hosier ’ s proud outburst , by humiliating the courtiers , had stirred up in all those plebeian souls a certain sense of dignity , in the fifteenth century as yet vague and undefined .
this hosier , who had just stood up to monsieur le cardinal , was their equal—a comforting thought indeed for poor devils accustomed to show respect and obedience to the servants of the bailiff of the abbot of sainte-geneviève , the cardinal ’ s train-bearer .
coppenole bowed proudly to his eminence , who bowed back to this all-powerful burgher so feared by louis xi .
then , while guillaume rym , a wise and crafty man ’ as philippe de commines puts it , followed both of them with a mocking and superior smile , they each went to their place , the cardinal quite put out and pensive , coppenole calm and haughty , reflecting no doubt that after all his title of hosier was as good as any other , and mary of burgundy , mother of the marguerite whom coppenole was marrying off that day , would have feared him less as a cardinal than as a hosier : for no cardinal would have stirred up the people of ghent against the favourites of charles the bold ’ s daughter ; no cardinal would have steeled the crowd with a word against her tears and entreaties when the lady of flanders came to the very foot of the scaffold to beg her people for mercy on their behalf ; while the hosier had only to lift his leather elbow to make both your heads roll , my most illustrious lords guy d ’ hymbercourt and chancellor guillaume hugonet !
however , that was not yet the end of it for the poor cardinal and he had to drain to the dregs the cup of finding himself in such bad company .
the reader has perhaps not forgotten the shameless beggar who had come to cling to the fringes of the cardinal ’ s tribune once the prologue began .
the arrival of the illustrious guests had by no means made him let go , and while prelates and ambassadors packed into the stalls of the tribune , as tightly as real flemish herrings in a barrel , he had made himself comfortable , boldly crossing his legs on the architrave .
this exceptional piece of insolence had at first gone quite unnoticed , since the attention of all was directed elsewhere .
he , for his part , noticed nothing in the hall ; he kept nodding his head , as unconcerned as any neapolitan , repeating from time to time , amid the general noise , as if from mechanical habit : charity , please !
and indeed he was probably the only person out of all those present who had not deigned to turn his head towards the altercation between coppenole and the usher .
now , as luck would have it , the master hosier from ghent , with whom the people already felt such sympathy and on whom all eyes were fixed , came to sit down in the front row of the tribune , precisely above the beggar ; they were not a little amazed to see the flemish ambassador inspect the rascal perched beneath him and then give him a friendly tap on his ragged shoulder .
the beggar turned round ; surprise , recognition , broad smiles on the two faces , etc .
the novelty of this unusual scene aroused a wave of such wild merriment in the hall that the cardinal was soon aware of it ; he half leaned forward , but from the point at which he was sitting he had only the most imperfect view of trouillefou ’ s disreputable mantle and quite naturally assumed that the beggar was asking for alms ; outraged at such a liberty he cried : monsieur the bailiff of the palais , have this rascal thrown into the river .
monseigneur le cardinal , coppenole said without loosing coppenole ’ s hand , he ’ s a friend of mine .
cried the audience .
from that moment on maître coppenole enjoyed in paris , as he did in ghent , high esteem with the people ; for men of such stature do so , says philippe de commines , when they are thus unruly .
the cardinal bit his lip .
he leaned over to his neighbour , the abbot of sainte-geneviève , and said in an undertone : monsieur the archduke has sent us a fine lot of ambassadors to herald madame marguerite !
your eminence , the abbot replied , is wasting his courtesies on these flemish snouts .
margaritas ante porcos [ pearls before swine ] .
say rather , answered the cardinal with a smile : porcos ante margaritam [ swine before marguerite/pearl ] .
the whole of this little court swooned in their cassocks with ecstasy over this pun .
the cardinal ’ s spirits rose a little ; he had now got even with coppenole , and also won applause for his pun .
now we should like permission from those of our readers with the power to generalize an image or idea , as the modern style puts it , to ask whether they have a clear picture of the scene presented by the vast parallelogram of the great hall of the palais at the moment on which our attention is focused .
in the middle of the hall , set up against the western wall , a large and magnificent tribune of gold brocade , which a procession of solemn personages , announced in turn by the strident voice of an usher , is entering through a small gothic doorway .
in the front rows numerous venerable figures are already seated , in their ermine , velvet , and scarlet hoods .
around the tribune , where quiet and dignity prevail , below , in front , everywhere , a great crowd and a great buzz of noise .
from the crowd countless eyes gaze at every face on the tribune , countless comments are whispered over every name .
the spectacle is indeed a curious one , well worthy of the spectators ’ attention .
but over there , at the far end , whatever can that be , that sort of trestle with four motley puppets on top and four more beneath ?
whoever can that be , standing beside the trestle with his black smock and pale face ?
dear reader , it is pierre gringoire and his prologue .
we had all completely forgotten him .
which is exactly what he had feared .
from the moment the cardinal had made his entrance gringoire had been constantly busy trying to save his prologue .
then , seeing that no one was listening , he had stopped them , and during the quarter-hour or so that the interruption lasted , he had been ceaselessly tapping his foot , jumping about , hailing gisquette and liénarde , encouraging his neighbours to have the prologue resumed ; all in vain .
no one could be diverted from the cardinal , the embassy , and the tribune , the single centre of this immense circle of visual radii .
it also seems likely , and we say so with regret , that the audience was beginning to be slightly bored with the prologue just as his eminence came in to divert attention so drastically from it .
after all , on the tribune as on the marble table , it was all the same spectacle : the conflict of husbandry and clergy , of nobility and trade .
and many people simply preferred to see them living , breathing , moving , jostling , in flesh and blood , in this flemish embassy , this episcopal court , in the cardinal ’ s robes , in coppenole ’ s jerkin , rather than painted and dressed up , speaking in verse and , so to speak , stuffed like dummies beneath the yellow and white tunics in which gringoire had rigged them up .
however , when our poet saw that calm had been partially restored , he conceived a stratagem which might have saved the day .
monsieur , he said , turning to one of his neighbours , a stout , patient-looking worthy , supposing they began again ?
said the neighbour .
why , the mystery , said gringoire .
just as you like , replied the neighbour .
this half-approval was enough for gringoire , and taking matters into his own hands he began crying out , merging as much as possible into the crowd : start the mystery again !
devil take it , said joannes de molendino , what are they chanting there , down at the end ?
( for gringoire was making enough noise for four people . )
what about it , comrades ?
they want to start it up again .
that ’ s not right .
cried all the students .
down with the mystery !
down with it !
but gringoire only tried harder and cried still more loudly : start again !
all this clamour attracted the cardinal ’ s attention .
monsieur the bailiff of the palais , he said to a tall , dark man standing near him .
the bailiff of the palais was a kind of amphibious magistrate , a sort of bat in the judicial order , a cross between rat and bird , judge and soldier .
he approached his eminence , very much afraid of his displeasure , and stammered out an explanation for the people ’ s unseemly behaviour ; noon had arrived before his eminence , and the players had been forced to begin without waiting for his eminence .
the cardinal burst out laughing .
upon my soul , the rector of the university should have done the same .
what say you , maître guillaume rym ?
monseigneur , guillaume rym replied , let ’ s be content with having been let off half the comedy .
there ’ s that much at least to our credit .
can these rogues go on with their farce ?
asked the bailiff .
go on , go on , said the cardinal , it ’ s all the same to me .
i ’ ll be reading my breviary the while .
the bailiff came forward to the edge of the tribune , silenced them with a gesture and cried : citizens , villeins , inhabitants , to satisfy those who want it to start again and those who want it done with , his eminence orders the play to continue .
both parties had to put up with that .
however author and public for long afterwards felt resentment towards the cardinal .
the characters on the stage resumed their commentary , and gringoire hoped that at least the remainder of his text would be heard .
this hope soon went the way of his other illusions ; silence in the audience had indeed been more or less restored , but gringoire had failed to notice that at the moment when the cardinal gave the order to continue , the tribune was far from full , and after the flemish envoys had come other persons belonging to the procession , whose names and titles , intermittently projected by the usher ’ s cry amid the continuing dialogue , was wreaking considerable havoc with it .
try indeed to imagine , in the middle of a theatrical performance , a yelping usher interjecting between two rhymes , and often between two hemistichs , such parentheses as these : maître jacques charmolue , the king ’ s attorney in the ecclesiastical court ! —jehan de harlay , esquire , keeper of the office of chevalier of the night watch of the town of paris ! —messire galiot de genoilhac , knight , seigneur de brussac , master of the king ’ s artillery ! —maître dreux-raguier , inspector of waters and forests of our lord the king for the île-de-france , champagne , and brie ! —messire louis de graville , knight , counsellor , and chamberlain to the king , admiral of france , guardian of the forest of vincennes ! —maître denis le mercier , keeper of the hospital for the blind of paris ! —etc. , etc .
it was becoming intolerable .
this strange accompaniment , which made it hard to follow the play , made gringoire all the more indignant as he could not disguise from himself the fact that it was becoming more interesting all the time and the only thing wrong with his work was that no one was listening to it .
it would indeed be hard to imagine a more ingenious and dramatic construction .
the four characters of the prologue were bemoaning their insoluble predicament , when venus in person , vera incessu patuit dea [ a true goddess was evident in her step ] appeared before them , wearing a fine cotehardie emblazoned with the ship of the town arms of paris .
she came herself to claim the dolphin promised to the most beautiful of women .
jupiter , whose thunder could be heard rumbling from the dressing room , supported her , and the goddess was about to win the prize , that is , in plain terms , to marry monsieur le dauphin , when a little girl , dressed in white damask and holding in her hand a marguerite daisy ( a transparent personification of the princess of flanders ) had come to contend with venus .
after some debate , venus , marguerite , and those in the wings had agreed to abide by the judgement of the holy virgin .
there was another fine part , that of dom pedro , king of mesopotamia .
they had all climbed the ladder to come up on stage .
none of these beauties had been felt or understood .
at the cardinal ’ s entrance it seemed as though a magic , invisible thread had suddenly drawn every eye from the marble table to the tribune , from the southern end of the hall to its western side .
every eye remained riveted there , and the new arrivals , their cursed names , their faces , and their costumes constituted a continual distraction .
it was heart-rending .
except for gisquette and liénarde , who turned away from time to time when gringoire pulled at their sleeves , except for the stout , patient neighbour , no one was facing the poor abandoned morality .
all gringoire could see were faces in profile .
how bitterly he saw the piecemeal collapse of his whole edifice of fame and poetry !
and just to think that these people had been on the point of rebellion against monsieur the bailiff , so impatient were they to hear his work !
now that they had it , no one cared about it .
the same performance which had begun with such unanimous applause !
eternal ebb and flow of popular favour !
to think that they had come close to hanging the bailiff ’ s sergeants !
what would he not have given to return to that hour of sweetness !
the usher ’ s brutal monologue , however , came to an end .
but what should happen but that maître coppenole , the hosier , suddenly stands up , and gringoire hears him deliver , amid the attention of all , this abominable harangue :
messieurs , burghers and squires of paris , i don ’ t know , by the rood !
what we are doing here .
i can quite clearly see over there , in that corner , on that trestle , some people who look as if they want a fight .
i don ’ t know if that ’ s what you call a mystery , but it ’ s not much fun .
for quarter of an hour i ’ ve been waiting for the first blow , nothing happens .
they should have brought over some fighters from london or rotterdam ; and then , my goodness !
there would have been punches you could hear out in the street !
they ought at least to give us a morris dance or some other mummery !
they promised us a feast of fools , with the election of a pope .
we have our pope of fools in ghent too , and we don ’ t lag behind anyone when it comes to that , by the rood !
the one who pulls the ugliest face , by general acclamation , is elected pope .
would you like us to make your pope as we do at home ?
at least it wouldn ’ t be as dull as listening to those windbags .
if they want to come and pull a face at the hole they ’ ll be in the competition .
what do you say , messieurs the burghers ?
there ’ s a good enough choice of gargoyles of both sexes for us to have a good flemish laugh , and enough ugly mugs to hope for a splendid grimace .
gringoire would have liked to reply .
besides , the popular hosier ’ s motion was greeted with such enthusiasm by these burghers , who felt flattered to be addressed as squires , that resistance was pointless .
there was nothing for it but to go along with the torrent .
gringoire buried his face in his hands , not being fortunate enough to have a cloak to hide his head like timanthes ’ agamemnon .
in less than no time everything was ready for carrying out coppenole ’ s idea .
townsfolk , students , and law clerks had set to work .
the small chapel facing the marble table was chosen as the scene for the face-pulling .
where glass had been broken from the pretty rose-window it had left open a stone circle through which , it was agreed , the contestants would stick their heads .
all they had to do to reach it was to clamber up a couple of barrels , which had been brought from somewhere and precariously balanced one on top of the other .
it was laid down that every candidate , man or woman ( for a female pope might be chosen ) should preserve the impression of their grimace unspoiled and intact by covering their faces and staying out of sight in the chapel until it was time for them to make their appearance .
in a moment the chapel was full of contestants and the door was closed behind them .
from his place on the tribune coppenole organized , directed , and arranged everything .
during the commotion the cardinal , no less put out than gringoire , had taken himself off with all his suite on the pretext of having business and vespers to attend to , without the crowd , which had been so excited by his arrival , taking the slightest notice of his departure .
guillaume rym was the only one to notice his eminence put to flight .
the attention of the people , like the sun , pursued its revolution ; starting at one end of the hall , after pausing for a time in the middle , it was now at the other end .
the marble table , the brocaded tribune had had their moment ; it was now the turn of louis xi ’ s chapel .
from now on the field was clear for unbridled folly .
only the flemings and the rabble remained .
the face-pulling began .
the first face to appear at the hole , with eyelids turned inside out with rouge , mouth agape like a monster ’ s jaws , and brows all wrinkled like our empire cavalry boots , set off such peals of uncontrollable laughter that homer would have taken all these villeins for gods .
however , the great hall was anything but olympus , as gringoire ’ s poor jupiter knew better than anyone .
a second , and a third ugly face followed , then another and yet another , and each time there was renewed laughter and delighted stamping of feet .
the spectacle provoked a special kind of giddy elation , it had a certain power of intoxication and fascination , of which it would be hard to convey any idea to a modern reader and modern drawing-room society .
imagine a series of faces successively presenting every geometrical shape , from the triangle to the trapezium , from the cone to the polyhedron—every human expression , from anger to lust—every age of man , from the wrinkles of the new-born baby to the wrinkles of the dying old crone ; every religious phantasmagoria , from faunus to beelzebub ; every animal profile , from jaw to beak , from snout to muzzle .
picture all the grotesque heads carved on the pont-neuf , those nightmares turned to stone under the hand of germain pilon , taking on life and breath , and coming one by one to stare at you with burning eyes ; all the masks from the venice carnival passing one after the other before your spyglass ; in a word , a human kaleidoscope .
the orgy was becoming more and more flemish .
teniers could give only a very imperfect idea of it .
imagine salvator rosa ’ s battle picture turned into bacchanalia .
there were no more students , ambassadors , burghers , men , women ; no more clopin trouillefou , gilles lecornu , marie quatre-livres , robin poussepain .
all was eclipsed in the common licence .
the great hall was now just a vast furnace of shameless merriment , where every mouth was a shout , every eye a sparkle , every face a grimace , every individual a posture .
the strange faces which came one after another to grind their teeth at the rose-window were so many brands thrown on the fire .
just look at that face !
that one ’ s no good .
guillemette maugerepuis , just look at that bull ’ s muzzle , it ’ s got everything but horns .
it can ’ t be your husband , then .
by the pope ’ s belly !
what sort of grimace is that ?
that ’ s cheating .
you may only show your face .
that damned perrette callebotte !
she ’ s quite capable of that .
i ’ m choking !
there ’ s one can ’ t get his ears through !
we must , however , give our friend jehan his due .
amid all this witches ’ sabbath he could still be seen up on his pillar , like a cabin boy in the crow ’ s nest .
he was throwing himself about in an incredible frenzy .
his mouth was wide open , and from it emerged a cry that no one could hear , not that it was lost in the general clamour , intense though that was , but because it had surely gone to the limit of high-pitched audible sounds , the twelve thousand vibrations of sauveur or the eight thousand of biot .
as for gringoire , once his initial depression had passed , he had recovered his composure .
he had braced himself against adversity .
then striding round in front of the marble table he had a notion to go in his turn and appear at the chapel window , if only for the pleasure of pulling faces at these ungrateful people .
the power of poetry over the people is great ; i ’ ll bring them back .
we ’ ll see which will win , face-pulling or the literary arts .
he was the only spectator of his play left .
it was much worse than it had been shortly before .
now all he could see was backs .
i am mistaken .
the patient , stout man , whom he had already consulted at a critical moment , still faced the stage .
as for gisquette and liénarde , they had long since deserted .
gringoire was deeply moved by the loyalty of his sole spectator .
he went up and spoke to him , gently shaking him by the arm ; for the good man was leaning on the balustrade in a light doze .
monsieur , said gringoire , thank you .
monsieur , the stout man answered with a yawn , what for ?
i can see what ’ s bothering you , the poet went on ; with all this noise you can ’ t hear properly .
but don ’ t worry , your name will go down to posterity .
what is your name , if you please ?
renault château , keeper of the seal at the châtelet , in paris , at your service .
monsieur , you are the only representative of the muses here , said gringoire .
you are too kind , monsieur , answered the keeper of the seal at the châtelet .
you are the only one to have given the play a proper hearing .
what do you think of it ?
the stout magistrate answered , pretty lively , to be sure .
gringoire had to be content with this word of praise , for thunderous applause , accompanied by a tremendous burst of cheering , cut short their conversation .
the pope of fools had been elected .
cried people on every side .
it was indeed a quite marvellous grimace that was just then beaming through the hole in the rose-window .
after all the faces , pentagonal , hexagonal , and irregular , which had succeeded each other at the window without ever achieving the grotesque ideal that imaginations fevered by the orgy had composed , it took nothing less to carry their vote than the sublime grimace which had just dazzled the assembly .
maître coppenole himself applauded ; and clopin trouillefou , who had been a competitor , and goodness knows the intense degree of ugliness his face could attain , confessed himself beaten .
we shall not attempt to give the reader an idea of that tetrahedral nose , that horseshoe mouth , that tiny left eye obscured by a shaggy red eyebrow , while the right eye lay completely hidden beneath an enormous wart .
the acclamation was unanimous .
from it they brought in triumph the blessed pope of fools .
but it was then that surprise and wonder reached their peak .
or rather his whole person was grimace .
a large head bristling with red hair ; between his shoulders an enormous hump , the effects of which were also visible in front ; an assemblage of thighs and legs so strangely distorted that they touched only at the knees and , from the front , looked like two sickle blades joined at the handle ; big feet , monstrous hands ; and with all that deformity a certain air of fearsome energy , agility , and courage ; a strange exception to the eternal rule which says that strength , like beauty , results from harmony .
such was the pope whom the fools had just given themselves .
he looked like a giant , broken into pieces and then badly mended .
when this kind of cyclops appeared at the entrance to the chapel , motionless , squat , and almost as broad as he was tall , squared by the base ’ as a great man put it , his surcoat , half red , half violet , sprinkled with silver bells , and above all his quite perfect ugliness , at once enabled the people to recognize him , and they cried with one voice :
it ’ s quasimodo , the bell-ringer !
it ’ s quasimodo the hunchback of notre-dame !
one-eyed quasimodo !
bandy-legged quasimodo !
the poor devil clearly had a choice of nicknames .
watch out , any pregnant women !
shouted the students .
or any who want to be , joannes put in .
the women were indeed hiding their faces .
the ugly monkey , said one .
as wicked as he ’ s ugly , put in another .
he is the devil , added a third .
i ’ m unlucky enough to live near notre-dame ; all night long i hear him prowling about in the guttering .
with the cats .
he ’ s always up on our roofs .
he casts spells on us down the chimney .
the other evening he came to make faces at me through my attic window .
i thought it was some man .
i was so scared !
i ’ m sure he goes to the witches ’ sabbath .
once he left a broomstick on my roof-leads .
what a horrid-looking hunchback !
the evil soul !
the men , on the contrary , were delighted and applauded .
quasimodo , object of the uproar , still stood at the chapel door , sombre and serious , letting them admire him .
a student , robin poussepain , i think , went up to laugh in his face , but came too near .
quasimodo contented himself with seizing him round the waist and hurling him ten yards into the crowd .
maître coppenole , struck with wonder , approached him .
holy father , you are the most beautifully ugly thing i ’ ve ever seen in my life .
you deserve to be pope in rome as well as paris .
so saying he cheerfully clapped him on the shoulder .
quasimodo did not stir .
coppenole went on .
quasimodo made no reply .
said the hosier ; are you deaf ?
he was indeed deaf .
however , he was beginning to get tired of coppenole ’ s behaviour , and suddenly turned on him , grinding his teeth so fearfully that the flemish giant retreated , like a bulldog before a cat .
then terror and respect cleared round this strange personage a circle at least fifteen geometrical paces in radius .
an old woman explained to maître coppenole that quasimodo was deaf .
said the hosier with his coarse flemish laugh .
he ’ s the perfect pope !
i know who he is , cried jehan , who had finally come down from his capital for a closer look at quasimodo ; he ’ s my brother the archdeacon ’ s bell-ringer .
devil of a man !
said robin poussepain , still aching and bruised all over from his fall .
he appears : he ’ s a hunchback .
he walks : he ’ s bandy-legged .
he looks at you : he ’ s one-eyed .
you speak to him : he ’ s deaf .
well then , what ’ s his tongue for , this polyphemus ?
he speaks when he wants to , said the old woman .
he ’ s not dumb .
and he has one eye too many , added robin poussepain .
a man with one eye is more imperfect than a completely blind one .
he knows what he hasn ’ t got .
meanwhile all the beggars , all the lackeys , all the cutpurses had joined the students and gone in procession to fetch from the lawyers ’ wardrobe the pasteboard tiara and mock chimer kept for the pope of fools .
quasimodo let them robe him without a flicker of protest and with a kind of proud docility .
then they seated him on a gaudy litter .
twelve officers of the confraternity of fools lifted him on to their shoulders ; and a kind of bitter , contemptuous pleasure spread over the cyclops ’ sullen face as he saw beneath his misshapen feet the heads of handsome , straight-limbed , well-made men .
then the yelling , ragged procession moved off on the traditional inner circuit of the galleries of the palais before parading through the streets and crossroads .
we are delighted to be able to inform our readers that during the whole of this scene gringoire and his play had stood fast .
his actors , with him spurring them on , had not left off declaiming his comedy , and he had not left off listening .
he had come to terms with the din , and was determined to go on to the end , not abandoning the hope of regaining the people ’ s attention .
this glimmer of hope revived when he saw quasimodo , coppenole , and the deafening procession escorting the pope of fools noisily leave the hall .
the crowd rushed eagerly after them .
good , he thought , there go all the trouble-makers .
unfortunately all the trouble-makers were all the public .
in a twinkling the great hall was empty .
some spectators did in fact still remain , some scattered about , others grouped round the pillars , women , old folk , and children , who had had their fill of uproar and commotion .
a few students had stayed astride the window ledges and were looking out on to the place .
well , thought gringoire , there are still enough left to hear the end of my mystery .
there are only a few , but it is a superior kind of audience , an educated audience .
after a moment a symphony , intended to produce a striking effect as the holy virgin arrived , failed to materialize .
gringoire realized that his band had been taken off by the procession of the pope of fools .
carry on , he said stoically .
he approached a group of citizens who , he thought , were discussing his play .
he caught the following scrap of conversation :
you know , maître cheneteau , the hôtel de navarre , which used to belong to monsieur de nemours ?
yes , opposite the chapel of braque .
well , the tax people have just let it to guillaume alixandre , the decorator , for 6 livres 8 sous a year .
how rents are going up !
gringoire said to himself with a sigh , the others are listening .
one of the young rascals on the window suddenly cried , la esmeralda !
la esmeralda ’ s in the place !
these words had a magical effect .
all those left in the hall rushed to the windows , climbing up the walls to see , and repeated : la esmeralda !
at the same time loud applause could be heard from outside .
what does that mean—la esmeralda ?
said gringoire , clasping his hands in despair .
oh goodness , it seems to be the turn of the windows now .
he turned round towards the marble table , and saw that the performance had been interrupted .
this was just the moment when jupiter was meant to appear with his thunderbolt .
but jupiter stood motionless below the stage .
michel giborne , the poet cried angrily , what are you doing there ?
is that your part ?
said jupiter , one of the students has just taken the ladder .
it was only too true .
all communication had been severed between his dramatic knot and its resolution .
and why did he take the ladder ?
to go and see la esmeralda , jupiter pathetically replied .
he said : well now , here ’ s a ladder no one is using !
and took it .
this was the final blow .
gringoire accepted it with resignation .
devil take you !
he said to the actors ; and if i get paid you will be .
then he retreated , head bowed , but the last to go , like a general who has fought well .
and as he went down the winding stairs of the palais he grumbled between his teeth : these parisians are a fine lot of asses and boors ; they come to see a mystery play , and don ’ t listen to a word !
they took an interest in everyone , clopin trouillefou , the cardinal , coppenole , quasimodo , the devil !
but not a bit of interest in our lady the virgin mary .
if i ’ d known , i ’ d have given you virgin marys , you nosy idlers !
as for me , i come expecting to see faces and see nothing but backs !
to be a poet and have as much success as an apothecary !
it ’ s true homerus went round the greek villages begging , and naso died in exile among the muscovites .
but may the devil flay me if i understand what they mean with their esmeralda !
what sort of word is that anyhow ?
from charybdis to scylla
night comes early in january .
the streets were already dark when gringoire left the palais .
he was pleased that night had fallen ; he was longing to find some dark lonely alley where he could ponder at leisure and where the philosopher could apply first aid to the wound suffered by the poet .
philosophy was in any case his only refuge , for he did not know where he could stay .
after the shattering fiasco of his first attempt at drama he did not dare go back to his previous lodgings in the rue grenier-sur-l ’ eau , opposite the port-au-foin , having counted on what monsieur the provost was to give him for the epithalamium to pay maître guillaume doulx-sire , who farmed the tax on cloven-footed beasts in paris , the six months ’ rent he owed , that is , 12 sols parisis ; twelve times more than the value of all his worldly possessions , including his breeches , shirt , and bycocket hat .
after a moment ’ s reflection , while he took temporary shelter beneath the small wicket-gate of the treasurer of the sainte-chapelle ’ s prison , as to where he might decide to spend the night , with all the cobblestones in paris to choose from , he remembered having noticed the week before , in the rue de la savaterie , in front of a parliamentary counsellor ’ s door , a mounting block for mule riders , which , he had thought , might , on occasion , provide an excellent pillow for a beggar or a poet .
he thanked providence for sending him such a good idea , but as he was about to cross the place du palais to reach the tortuous labyrinth of the city , through which wind all those serpentine old sisters , the rues de la barillerie , de la vieille-draperie , de la savaterie , de la juiverie etc. , still standing today with their nine-storey houses , he saw the pope of fools ’ procession also leaving the palais and rushing across his path , with loud shouts , bright torchlight , and his , gringoire ’ s , band .
the sight opened up again the lacerating injuries inflicted on his self-esteem : he fled .
in the bitterness of his dramatic misadventures , anything that reminded him of the day ’ s celebration soured him and made his wound bleed again .
he intended to take the pont saint-michel ; children were running about on the bridge with squibs and rockets .
a plague on all fireworks !
said gringoire and fell back on the pont-au-change .
on the houses at the approach to the bridge had been hung three banners representing the king , the dauphin and marguerite of flanders , and six smaller banners portraying the duke of austria , the cardinal de bourbon , monsieur de beaujeu , madame jeanne de france , monsieur the bastard of bourbon , and someone or other besides ; all lit up by torches .
the crowd was full of admiration .
he ’ s a lucky painter , that jehan fourbault !
said gringoire with a deep sigh , and turned his back on the banners , large and small .
a street opened in front of him ; he found it so dark and deserted that he hoped to escape there from all the echoes and illuminations of the festival .
after a moment or two he stubbed his foot on an obstacle ; he stumbled and fell .
it was the may bundle which the law clerks had put down that morning at the door of a parliamentary president in honour of the feast day .
he picked himself up and reached the water ’ s edge .
leaving behind him the tournelle civile and the tour criminelle , and following the great wall of the king ’ s gardens along the unpaved river bank where the mud came up to his ankles , he came to the westernmost tip of the city , and stayed for a while looking at the little island of the cow-ferryman , passeur-aux-vaches , which has since disappeared beneath the bronze horse and the pont-neuf .
the little island appeared in the shadows like a dark mass on the far side of the pale strip of water separating him from it .
one could just make out by the beams of a little light a sort of hut , shaped like a beehive , where the ferryman sheltered at night .
thought gringoire : you don ’ t have dreams of glory and you don ’ t write epithalamia !
what do kings ’ weddings and duchesses of burgundy matter to you !
and i , a poet , am booed , and stand shivering with cold , and owe 12 sous , and the soles of my shoes have worn so thin that they are transparent enough to serve as glass for your lantern .
thank you , cow-ferryman , your cabin is a restful sight and makes me forget paris !
he was woken out of his almost lyrical ecstasy by a great double petard suddenly exploding from the blessed cabin .
it was the ferryman contributing to the day ’ s celebrations and letting off a firework .
this petard made gringoire bristle .
are you going to pursue me everywhere ?
even to the ferryman ’ s !
then he looked down at the seine at his feet , and was seized with a horrible temptation .
he said , how gladly would i drown myself if the water weren ’ t so cold !
then he came to a desperate decision .
it was this : since he could not escape the pope of fools , jehan fourbault ’ s banners , may bundles , squibs , and petards , he would boldly plunge into the very heart of the festivities and go to the place de grève .
at least , he thought , i may find there a brand from the bonfire to warm me up , and find a crumb for supper from the three great coats of arms worked in royal sugar they are bound to have set up there on the buffet offered to the public by the town .
the place de grève
that is the charming turret which occupies the northern corner of the place and which , already buried beneath the ignoble coats of distemper which clog the bold lines of its carvings , will perhaps soon have disappeared , submerged by the rising flood of new buildings so rapidly swallowing up all the old façades of paris .
those who , like ourselves , never pass by the place de grève without sparing a look of pity and sympathy for that poor turret , squeezed between two ramshackle louis xiv buildings , can easily reconstruct in their mind ’ s eye the whole collection of buildings to which it belonged and thus recreate in its entirety the old gothic place of the fifteenth century .
it formed , as it does today , an irregular trapezium , bounded on one side by the river quay , and on the other three by a series of tall , narrow , gloomy houses .
in the daytime one could admire the variety of its buildings , all carved in stone or wood , and already offering complete samples of the different types of medieval domestic architecture , going back from the fifteenth through to the eleventh century , from the casement which was beginning to oust the ogive , back to the round romanesque arch which the ogive had supplanted , and which still occupied , beneath the ogive , the first floor of that ancient house of the tour-roland , in the corner of the place giving on to the seine , on the rue de la tannerie side .
at night all that could be distinguished of this mass of buildings was the dark serrated outline of the roofs unfolding their chain of acute angles round the place .
for the past two centuries houses have turned about .
in the centre of the eastern side of the place rose a heavy , heterogeneous construction consisting of three houses in juxtaposition .
it was known by three names , explaining its history , purpose , and architecture : the maison du dauphin. , because charles v as dauphin had lived there ; the marchandise , because it served as the town hall ; the maison-aux-piliers ( domus ad pilorid ) , because of a series of large pillars supporting its three storeys .
there the town could find everything that a good town like paris needs : a chapel , for prayer ; a courtroom , for hearing pleas , and , if necessary , putting the king ’ s men in their place ; and in the loft , an arsenal full of artillery .
for the burghers of paris know that it is not enough in every contingency to pray or to plead for the freedoms of the city , and always have in reserve in a loft of the hôtel de ville some good old rusty arquebus .
the grève then already had the sinister aspect still preserved today by the execrable image it evokes , and dominique boccador ’ s gloomy hôtel de ville , which has replaced the maison-aux-piliers .
it must be said that a permanent gallows and pillory , a justice ’ and a ladder ’ as they were then called , standing side by side in the middle of the paving , contributed not a little to making people avert their gaze from this fatal site , where so many beings full of life and health had breathed their last ; where fifty years later was to be born that saint-vallier ’ s fever , that sickness which is a terror of the scaffold , the most monstrous of all sicknesses , because it comes not from god but from man .
it is a comforting thought , be it said in passing , that the death penalty which , three hundred years ago still cluttered up with its iron wheels , its stone gibbets , its whole apparatus of punishment permanently fixed into the pavement , the grève , the halles , the place dauphine , the croix-du-trahoir , the marché-aux-pourceaux , the hideous montfaucon , the barrière des sergents , the place-aux-chats , the porte saint-denis , champeaux , the porte baudets , the porte saint-jacques , not to mention the countless ladders ’ of the provosts , the bishop , the chapter , the abbots , the priors with rights of jurisdiction ; not to speak of judicial execution by drowning in the river seine ; it is comforting to think that today , having lost one by one all the pieces of her armour , her profusion of torments , her imaginative and fanciful punishments , her torture for which she had a new leather bed made every five years at the grand châtelet , that old sovereign ruler of feudal society , almost expelled from our laws and our towns , hunted from code to code , driven from place to place , has nothing left in all our vast city of paris but one dishonoured corner of the grève , one wretched guillotine , furtive , anxious , ashamed , seemingly always afraid of being caught red-handed , to judge by the haste with which it disappears once it has done its job .
by the time pierre gringoire reached the place de grève he was numb with cold .
he had gone by way of the pont-aux-meuniers to avoid the throng at the pont-au-change and jehan fourbault ’ s banners ; but the wheels of all the bishop ’ s water-mills had splashed him as he went by and his smock was wringing wet .
so he hurried to get near the splendid bonfire blazing in the middle of the square .
but a considerable crowd was massed all round it .
he said to himself , for gringoire , like any true dramatic poet , was given to monologues ; now they ’ re blocking me from the fire !
yet i could really do with a fireside corner .
devil take the bishop of paris and his water-mills !
i ’ d like to know what use a mill is to a bishop !
does he expect to change from being a bishop into a miller ?
if all he needs for that is my curse , then i freely give it to him , his cathedral , and his mills !
what are they doing there , i ask you ?
they are having a warm ; fine way to enjoy yourself !
they ’ re watching a hundred faggots burn ; a fine entertainment !
looking more closely , he realized that the circle was much wider than it needed to be for enjoying the warmth of the bonfire and that such a mass of spectators had not been attracted merely by the beauty of a hundred faggots blazing away .
in the huge open space left between the crowd and the fire , a girl was dancing .
whether this girl was a human being , a fairy , or an angel was something that gringoire , sceptical philosopher , ironic poet though he was , could not decide straight away , so fascinated was he by the dazzling vision .
she was not very tall , but her slim figure stood so boldly straight that she seemed to be so .
she was dark , but one could see that in daylight her skin would have the fine golden glow of andalusian and roman women .
her small foot too was andalusian , for it fitted both snugly and easily into her dainty shoe .
she was dancing , turning , whirling on an old persian carpet , thrown down carelessly beneath her feet ; and each time her radiant face passed before you as she spun round her great , dark eyes flashed lightning .
around her everyone gazed open-mouthed ; and in truth , while she danced like that , to the thrumming of a tambourine held above her head by her two pure , shapely arms , slim , frail , lively as a wasp , with her golden unpleated bodice , her brightly coloured dress swirling out , her bare shoulders , her slender legs uncovered now and then by her skirt , her dark hair , her blazing eyes , she was a supernatural creature .
truly , thought gringoire , she ’ s a salamander , a nymph , a goddess , a bacchante from mount maenalus !
just then one of the braids of the salamander ’ s ’ hair came undone , and a small brass coin that was attached to it rolled on to the ground .
he said , she ’ s a gypsy .
every illusion had been dispelled .
she started to dance again .
but disenchanted though gringoire was , the overall scene was not without glamour and magic : the bonfire cast a harsh red glare which flickered brightly over the circle of faces in the crowd , over the girl ’ s brown forehead , and on the square behind cast a pale reflection mingled with their wavering shadows , on one side upon the black , wrinkled old façade of the maison-aux-piliers , on the other on the stone arms of the gibbet .
among the hundreds of faces stained scarlet by this glow , there was one which seemed even more absorbed than all the others in contemplating the dancer .
it was a man ’ s face , austere , calm , sombre .
this man , whose clothes were concealed by the crowd around him , did not look more than 35 years old ; yet he was bald ; at his temples he had scarcely more than a few scanty tufts of hair already grey ; his broad , high forehead was beginning to be furrowed with wrinkles ; but in his deep-set eyes shone an extraordinary youthfulness , ardent vitality , intense passion .
he never took his eyes off the gypsy girl , and while the wild 16-year-old danced and leaped about to the delight of all , his private reverie seemed to become more and more sombre .
from time to time a smile and a sigh met on his lips , but the smile revealed more pain than the sigh .
out of breath , the girl stopped at last , and the people applauded her warmly .
djali , said the girl .
then gringoire saw a pretty little white she-goat come up , nimble , lively , glossy , with gilded horns , gilded hooves , a gilded collar ; he had not noticed it before , for it had remained crouching up till then on a corner of the carpet , watching its mistress dance .
djali , said the dancer , now it ’ s your turn .
and as she sat down , she gracefully held out her tambourine to the goat .
djali , she continued , what month of the year is it ?
the goat raised its foreleg and struck the tambourine once .
it was indeed the first month of the year .
djali , the girl went on , turning the tambourine round , what day of the month is it ?
djali raised her little golden hoof and struck the tambourine six times .
djali , the gypsy continued , once more moving the tambourine about , what hour of the day is it ?
djali tapped seven times .
at the same moment the clock on the maison-aux-piliers struck seven o ’ clock .
the people marvelled .
there ’ s witchcraft behind that , said a sinister voice in the crowd .
it was that of the bald man who never took his eyes off the gypsy girl .
she shuddered and turned away ; but applause broke out , drowning the peevish exclamation .
the applause in fact so effectively wiped it from her mind that she continued her questioning of the goat .
djali , how does maître guichard grand-rémy , captain of the municipal pistoleers , behave in the candlemas procession ?
djali stood up on her hindlegs and began bleating as she marched , with such charming gravity that the entire circle of spectators burst out laughing at this parody of the self-centred piety of the pistoleer captain .
djali , went on the girl , emboldened by her growing success , how does maître jacques charmolue , the king ’ s attorney in the ecclesiastical court , look when he preaches ?
the goat sat down on its rump and began bleating , waving its forelegs about so quaintly that , apart from the bad french and bad latin , it was jacques charmolue to the life , gestures , accent , posture , and all .
and the crowd applauded even louder .
went on the bald man ’ s voice .
the gypsy girl turned round again .
she said , it ’ s that nasty man !
then sticking out her lower lip , she pouted slightly in what seemed like a familiar expression with her , turned on her heel , and began collecting the crowd ’ s contributions in a tambourine .
all sorts of small coins rained down , grands blancs , petits blancs , targes , liards-à l ’ aigle suddenly she passed in front of gringoire .
he stuck his hand in his pocket in such a daze that she stopped .
said the poet , finding reality , that is emptiness , at the bottom of his pocket .
meanwhile the pretty girl was there , looking at him with her huge eyes , holding out the tambourine , waiting .
gringoire was dripping with perspiration .
if he had had all the riches of peru in his pocket he would certainly have given it all to the dancer ; but gringoire did not have peru , and anyhow america had not yet been discovered .
fortunately an unexpected incident came to his rescue .
will you go away , you egyptian locust ?
cried a shrill voice from the darkest corner of the place .
the girl turned round in fright .
this was not the bald man ’ s voice now ; it was a woman ’ s voice , pious and malicious .
however , this cry , which frightened the gypsy girl , delighted a band of children who were prowling about .
it ’ s the recluse from the tour-roland , they shouted , laughing wildly , it ’ s the sachette grumbling !
hasn ’ t she had any supper ?
let ’ s fetch her some scraps from the public buffet .
they all rushed off to the maison-aux-piliers .
meanwhile gringoire had taken advantage of the dancer ’ s confusion to disappear .
the children ’ s shouts reminded him that he had not had any supper either .
but the little rascals ran faster than he did ; when he got there they had cleared the board .
there was not so much left as one of those wretched camichons that sell for five sous the pound .
all that remained on the wall were the delicate fleurs-de-lys , intertwined with rose bushes , painted in 1434 by mathurin biterne .
that was not much of a supper .
going to bed with no supper is tiresome enough ; it is even less fun to go without supper and no prospect of a bed for the night .
gringoire had come to that .
no bread , no bed ; he saw necessity hemming him in on every side , and found necessity most unmannerly .
he had long ago discovered the truth , that jupiter created men in a fit of misanthropy and throughout the wise man ’ s life his fate lays siege to his philosophy .
as for him , he had never known such a total blockade ; he could hear his stomach rumbling in surrender , and thought it very unfair that ill fate should starve his philosophy into capitulation .
he was becoming more and more engrossed in this melancholy reverie when a song , strange but sweet , suddenly tore him out of it .
it was the gypsy girl singing .
the same qualities held good for her voice as for her dancing and her beauty .
it was indefinable and charming ; something pure , resonant , airy , winged , so to speak .
it flowed continuously in passages of soaring lyricism , melodies , unexpected cadences , then simple phrases sprinkled with sharp , sibilant notes , cascades of scales which would have defeated a nightingale , but where the harmony was always present , then softly rippling octaves , rising and falling like the young singer ’ s breast .
her lovely features followed every caprice of her song with peculiar mobility , from the wildest inspiration to the chastest dignity .
at one moment she seemed like a mad woman , at the next a queen .
she sang words in a language unknown to gringoire , and apparently unknown to her too , so little did the expression she gave to her song relate to the sense of the words .
thus these four lines in her mouth expressed wild gaiety :
un cofre de gran riqueza
hallaron dentro un pilar ,
and a moment later she gave this verse such a tone that gringoire felt the tears spring to his eyes :
yet her song breathed joy above all , and she seemed to sing , like a bird , out of serene and carefree happiness .
the gypsy ’ s song had disturbed gringoire ’ s reflections , but in the same way as a swan disturbs the water .
he listened to it in a kind of trance , as if oblivious of all else .
it was the first time for many hours that he felt no pain .
the moment was brief .
the voice of the same woman who had interrupted the gypsy-girl ’ s dance now interrupted her song .
will you shut up , you cicada from hell ?
she cried , still from the same dark corner of the square .
the poor cicada stopped dead .
gringoire blocked up his ears .
he cried , cursed toothless saw , come to break the lyre !
meanwhile the other spectators were grumbling like him .
more than one was saying .
and the invisible old spoil-sport might have had cause to regret her attacks on the gypsy if at that very moment they had not been distracted by the pope of fools ’ procession , which after wending its way through many a street and crossing was now debouching into the place de grève with all its torches and clamour .
that procession , which our readers saw leaving the palais , had been organized as it went along , and had recruited all that paris had to offer by way of rogues , idle thieves , and available vagabonds , so that it was looking of respectable size when it reached the grève .
first came egypt .
the duke of egypt at the head , on horseback , with his counts on foot , holding his bridle and stirrups ; behind them the egyptian men and women in no particular order , with their small children yelling on their shoulders ; all of them , the duke , counts , ordinary people , in rags and tinsel .
then came the realm of argot , thieves ’ cant ; that is to say , all the thieves of france , ranked in order of dignity , the lowest going first .
there thus filed by in column of four , wearing the different insignia of their degrees in this strange faculty , most of them disabled in some way , some limping , some with only one arm , the courtauds de boutanche , coquillarts , hubins , sabouleux , calots , francsmitoux , polissons , piètres , capons , malingreux , rifodés , marcandiers , narquois , orphans , archisuppôts , cagoux , an enumeration to make homer weary .
in the midst of the conclave of cagoux and archisuppôts , the king of argot , or the great coësre , could just be made out , squatting in a little cart drawn by two big dogs .
after the kingdom of the argoteers came the empire of galilee .
guillaume rousseau , emperor of galilee , marched majestically in his purple , wine-stained , robe , preceded by mummers hitting each other and doing a war dance , surrounded by his mace-bearers , his henchmen and clerks from his counting-house .
last came the law clerks , the basoche , with maypoles wreathed in flowers , their black gowns , music fit for a witches ’ sabbath , and great candles of yellow wax .
in the middle of this crowd the high officers of the confraternity of fools bore on their shoulders a litter more heavily laden with candles than the reliquary of sainte-geneviève in time of plague .
each section of this grotesque procession had its own particular music .
the egyptians banged away on their balafos and african tambourines .
the argoteers , an unmusical race , had progressed no further than the viol , the buccina , and the gothic rebec of the twelfth century .
the empire of galilee was hardly more advanced ; one could just make out in its music some wretched rebec from the infancy of the musical art , still confined to re-la-mi but it was around the pope of fools that all the musical riches of the period were displayed in magnificent cacophony .
it was all treble rebecs , counter-tenor rebecs , tenor rebecs , not to mention flutes and brass .
our readers will recall that this was gringoire ’ s orchestra !
it is hard to convey any idea of the degree of proud and blissful satisfaction which the hideous , mournful features of quasimodo had come to express in the course of the journey from the palais to the grève .
it was the first time he had ever enjoyed any feeling of self-esteem .
hitherto all he had known was humiliation , contempt for his condition , disgust for his person .
thus , stone-deaf as he was , he was relishing , like a real pope , the acclamations of this crowd which he hated because he felt hated by them .
three hundred and forty-eight years , six months , and nineteen days ago to-day , the parisians awoke to the sound of all the bells in the triple circuit of the city , the university , and the town ringing a full peal .
the sixth of january , 1482 , is not , however , a day of which history has preserved the memory .
there was nothing notable in the event which thus set the bells and the bourgeois of paris in a ferment from early morning .
it was neither an assault by the picards nor the burgundians , nor a hunt led along in procession , nor a revolt of scholars in the town of laas , nor an entry of our much dread lord , monsieur the king , nor even a pretty hanging of male and female thieves by the courts of paris .
neither was it the arrival , so frequent in the fifteenth century , of some plumed and bedizened embassy .
it was barely two days since the last cavalcade of that nature , that of the flemish ambassadors charged with concluding the marriage between the dauphin and marguerite of flanders , had made its entry into paris , to the great annoyance of m. le cardinal de bourbon , who , for the sake of pleasing the king , had been obliged to assume an amiable mien towards this whole rustic rabble of flemish burgomasters , and to regale them at his hôtel de bourbon , with a very pretty morality , allegorical satire , and farce , while a driving rain drenched the magnificent tapestries at his door .
what put the whole population of paris in commotion , as jehan de troyes expresses it , on the sixth of january , was the double solemnity , united from time immemorial , of the epiphany and the feast of fools .
on that day , there was to be a bonfire on the place de grève , a maypole at the chapelle de braque , and a mystery at the palais de justice .
it had been cried , to the sound of the trumpet , the preceding evening at all the cross roads , by the provost ’ s men , clad in handsome , short , sleeveless coats of violet camelot , with large white crosses upon their breasts .
so the crowd of citizens , male and female , having closed their houses and shops , thronged from every direction , at early morn , towards some one of the three spots designated .
each had made his choice ; one , the bonfire ; another , the maypole ; another , the mystery play .
it must be stated , in honor of the good sense of the loungers of paris , that the greater part of this crowd directed their steps towards the bonfire , which was quite in season , or towards the mystery play , which was to be presented in the grand hall of the palais de justice ( the courts of law ) , which was well roofed and walled ; and that the curious left the poor , scantily flowered maypole to shiver all alone beneath the sky of january , in the cemetery of the chapel of braque .
the populace thronged the avenues of the law courts in particular , because they knew that the flemish ambassadors , who had arrived two days previously , intended to be present at the representation of the mystery , and at the election of the pope of the fools , which was also to take place in the grand hall .
it was no easy matter on that day , to force one ’ s way into that grand hall , although it was then reputed to be the largest covered enclosure in the world ( it is true that sauval had not yet measured the grand hall of the château of montargis ) .
the palace place , encumbered with people , offered to the curious gazers at the windows the aspect of a sea ; into which five or six streets , like so many mouths of rivers , discharged every moment fresh floods of heads .
the waves of this crowd , augmented incessantly , dashed against the angles of the houses which projected here and there , like so many promontories , into the irregular basin of the place .
in the centre of the lofty gothic façade of the palace , the grand staircase , incessantly ascended and descended by a double current , which , after parting on the intermediate landing-place , flowed in broad waves along its lateral slopes , -- the grand staircase , i say , trickled incessantly into the place , like a cascade into a lake .
the cries , the laughter , the trampling of those thousands of feet , produced a great noise and a great clamor .
from time to time , this noise and clamor redoubled ; the current which drove the crowd towards the grand staircase flowed backwards , became troubled , formed whirlpools .
this was produced by the buffet of an archer , or the horse of one of the provost ’ s sergeants , which kicked to restore order ; an admirable tradition which the provostship has bequeathed to the constablery , the constablery to the _maréchaussée_ , the _maréchaussée_ to our _gendarmeri_ of paris .
thousands of good , calm , bourgeois faces thronged the windows , the doors , the dormer windows , the roofs , gazing at the palace , gazing at the populace , and asking nothing more ; for many parisians content themselves with the spectacle of the spectators , and a wall behind which something is going on becomes at once , for us , a very curious thing indeed .
if it could be granted to us , the men of 1830 , to mingle in thought with those parisians of the fifteenth century , and to enter with them , jostled , elbowed , pulled about , into that immense hall of the palace , which was so cramped on that sixth of january , 1482 , the spectacle would not be devoid of either interest or charm , and we should have about us only things that were so old that they would seem new .
with the reader ’ s consent , we will endeavor to retrace in thought , the impression which he would have experienced in company with us on crossing the threshold of that grand hall , in the midst of that tumultuous crowd in surcoats , short , sleeveless jackets , and doublets .
and , first of all , there is a buzzing in the ears , a dazzlement in the eyes .
above our heads is a double ogive vault , panelled with wood carving , painted azure , and sown with golden fleurs-de-lis ; beneath our feet a pavement of black and white marble , alternating .
a few paces distant , an enormous pillar , then another , then another ; seven pillars in all , down the length of the hall , sustaining the spring of the arches of the double vault , in the centre of its width .
around four of the pillars , stalls of merchants , all sparkling with glass and tinsel ; around the last three , benches of oak , worn and polished by the trunk hose of the litigants , and the robes of the attorneys .
around the hall , along the lofty wall , between the doors , between the windows , between the pillars , the interminable row of all the kings of france , from pharamond down : the lazy kings , with pendent arms and downcast eyes ; the valiant and combative kings , with heads and arms raised boldly heavenward .
then in the long , pointed windows , glass of a thousand hues ; at the wide entrances to the hall , rich doors , finely sculptured ; and all , the vaults , pillars , walls , jambs , panelling , doors , statues , covered from top to bottom with a splendid blue and gold illumination , which , a trifle tarnished at the epoch when we behold it , had almost entirely disappeared beneath dust and spiders in the year of grace , 1549 , when du breul still admired it from tradition .
let the reader picture to himself now , this immense , oblong hall , illuminated by the pallid light of a january day , invaded by a motley and noisy throng which drifts along the walls , and eddies round the seven pillars , and he will have a confused idea of the whole effect of the picture , whose curious details we shall make an effort to indicate with more precision .
it is certain , that if ravaillac had not assassinated henri iv. , there would have been no documents in the trial of ravaillac deposited in the clerk ’ s office of the palais de justice , no accomplices interested in causing the said documents to disappear ; hence , no incendiaries obliged , for lack of better means , to burn the clerk ’ s office in order to burn the documents , and to burn the palais de justice in order to burn the clerk ’ s office ; consequently , in short , no conflagration in 1618. the old palais would be standing still , with its ancient grand hall ; i should be able to say to the reader , go and look at it , and we should thus both escape the necessity , -- i of making , and he of reading , a description of it , such as it is .
which demonstrates a new truth : that great events have incalculable results .
it is true that it may be quite possible , in the first place , that ravaillac had no accomplices ; and in the second , that if he had any , they were in no way connected with the fire of 1618. two other very plausible explanations exist : first , the great flaming star , a foot broad , and a cubit high , which fell from heaven , as every one knows , upon the law courts , after midnight on the seventh of march ; second , théophile ’ s quatrain , --
very little to-day remains , thanks to this catastrophe , -- thanks , above all , to the successive restorations which have completed what it spared , -- very little remains of that first dwelling of the kings of france , -- of that elder palace of the louvre , already so old in the time of philip the handsome , that they sought there for the traces of the magnificent buildings erected by king robert and described by helgaldus .
sure , twas but a sorry game when at paris , dame justice , through having eaten too much spice , set the palace all aflame .
whatever may be thought of this triple explanation , political , physical , and poetical , of the burning of the law courts in 1618 , the unfortunate fact of the fire is certain .
nearly everything has disappeared .
what has become of the chamber of the chancellery , where saint louis consummated his marriage ?
the garden where he administered justice , clad in a coat of camelot , a surcoat of linsey-woolsey , without sleeves , and a sur-mantle of black sandal , as he lay upon the carpet with joinville ? where is the chamber of the emperor sigismond ?
and that of charles iv . ?
where is the staircase , from which charles vi .
the slab where marcel cut the throats of robert de clermont and the marshal of champagne , in the presence of the dauphin ?
the wicket where the bulls of pope benedict were torn , and whence those who had brought them departed decked out , in derision , in copes and mitres , and making an apology through all paris ?
and the grand hall , with its gilding , its azure , its statues , its pointed arches , its pillars , its immense vault , all fretted with carvings ?
and the gilded chamber ?
and the stone lion , which stood at the door , with lowered head and tail between his legs , like the lions on the throne of solomon , in the humiliated attitude which befits force in the presence of justice ?
and the beautiful doors ?
and the stained glass ?
and the chased ironwork , which drove biscornette to despair ?
and the delicate woodwork of hancy ?
what has time , what have men done with these marvels ?
what have they given us in return for all this gallic history , for all this gothic art ?
so much for art ; and , as for history , we have the gossiping reminiscences of the great pillar , still ringing with the tattle of the patru .
let us return to the veritable grand hall of the veritable old palace .
the two extremities of this gigantic parallelogram were occupied , the one by the famous marble table , so long , so broad , and so thick that , as the ancient land rolls -- in a style that would have given gargantua an appetite -- say , such a slice of marble as was never beheld in the world ; the other by the chapel where louis xi .
had himself sculptured on his knees before the virgin , and whither he caused to be brought , without heeding the two gaps thus made in the row of royal statues , the statues of charlemagne and of saint louis , two saints whom he supposed to be great in favor in heaven , as kings of france .
this chapel , quite new , having been built only six years , was entirely in that charming taste of delicate architecture , of marvellous sculpture , of fine and deep chasing , which marks with us the end of the gothic era , and which is perpetuated to about the middle of the sixteenth century in the fairylike fancies of the renaissance .
the little open-work rose window , pierced above the portal , was , in particular , a masterpiece of lightness and grace ; one would have pronounced it a star of lace .
in the middle of the hall , opposite the great door , a platform of gold brocade , placed against the wall , a special entrance to which had been effected through a window in the corridor of the gold chamber , had been erected for the flemish emissaries and the other great personages invited to the presentation of the mystery play .
it was upon the marble table that the mystery was to be enacted , as usual .
it had been arranged for the purpose , early in the morning ; its rich slabs of marble , all scratched by the heels of law clerks , supported a cage of carpenter ’ s work of considerable height , the upper surface of which , within view of the whole hall , was to serve as the theatre , and whose interior , masked by tapestries , was to take the place of dressing-rooms for the personages of the piece .
a ladder , naively placed on the outside , was to serve as means of communication between the dressing-room and the stage , and lend its rude rungs to entrances as well as to exits .
there was no personage , however unexpected , no sudden change , no theatrical effect , which was not obliged to mount that ladder .
innocent and venerable infancy of art and contrivances !
four of the bailiff of the palace ’ s sergeants , perfunctory guardians of all the pleasures of the people , on days of festival as well as on days of execution , stood at the four corners of the marble table .
the piece was only to begin with the twelfth stroke of the great palace clock sounding midday .
it was very late , no doubt , for a theatrical representation , but they had been obliged to fix the hour to suit the convenience of the ambassadors .
now , this whole multitude had been waiting since morning .
a goodly number of curious , good people had been shivering since daybreak before the grand staircase of the palace ; some even affirmed that they had passed the night across the threshold of the great door , in order to make sure that they should be the first to pass in .
the crowd grew more dense every moment , and , like water , which rises above its normal level , began to mount along the walls , to swell around the pillars , to spread out on the entablatures , on the cornices , on the window-sills , on all the salient points of the architecture , on all the reliefs of the sculpture .
hence , discomfort , impatience , weariness , the liberty of a day of cynicism and folly , the quarrels which break forth for all sorts of causes -- a pointed elbow , an iron-shod shoe , the fatigue of long waiting -- had already , long before the hour appointed for the arrival of the ambassadors , imparted a harsh and bitter accent to the clamor of these people who were shut in , fitted into each other , pressed , trampled upon , stifled .
nothing was to be heard but imprecations on the flemish , the provost of the merchants , the cardinal de bourbon , the bailiff of the courts , madame marguerite of austria , the sergeants with their rods , the cold , the heat , the bad weather , the bishop of paris , the pope of the fools , the pillars , the statues , that closed door , that open window ; all to the vast amusement of a band of scholars and lackeys scattered through the mass , who mingled with all this discontent their teasing remarks , and their malicious suggestions , and pricked the general bad temper with a pin , so to speak .
among the rest there was a group of those merry imps , who , after smashing the glass in a window , had seated themselves hardily on the entablature , and from that point despatched their gaze and their railleries both within and without , upon the throng in the hall , and the throng upon the place .
it was easy to see , from their parodied gestures , their ringing laughter , the bantering appeals which they exchanged with their comrades , from one end of the hall to the other , that these young clerks did not share the weariness and fatigue of the rest of the spectators , and that they understood very well the art of extracting , for their own private diversion from that which they had under their eyes , a spectacle which made them await the other with patience .
upon my soul , so it ’ s you , joannes frollo de molendino !
cried one of them , to a sort of little , light-haired imp , with a well-favored and malign countenance , clinging to the acanthus leaves of a capital ; you are well named john of the mill , for your two arms and your two legs have the air of four wings fluttering on the breeze .
how long have you been here ?
by the mercy of the devil , retorted joannes frollo , these four hours and more ; and i hope that they will be reckoned to my credit in purgatory .
i heard the eight singers of the king of sicily intone the first verse of seven o ’ clock mass in the sainte-chapelle .
replied the other , with voices even more pointed than their caps !
before founding a mass for monsieur saint john , the king should have inquired whether monsieur saint john likes latin droned out in a provençal accent .
he did it for the sake of employing those accursed singers of the king of sicily !
cried an old woman sharply from among the crowd beneath the window .
i just put it to you !
a thousand _livres parisi_ for a mass !
and out of the tax on sea fish in the markets of paris , to boot !
peace , old crone , said a tall , grave person , stopping up his nose on the side towards the fishwife ; a mass had to be founded .
would you wish the king to fall ill again ?
bravely spoken , sire gilles lecornu , master furrier of king ’ s robes ! cried the little student , clinging to the capital .
a shout of laughter from all the students greeted the unlucky name of the poor furrier of the king ’ s robes .
_cornutus et hirsutus_ , horned and hairy , another went on .
an honorable man is gilles lecornu , brother of master jehan lecornu , provost of the king ’ s house , son of master mahiet lecornu , first porter of the bois de vincennes , -- all bourgeois of paris , all married , from father to son .
the big furrier , without uttering a word in reply , tried to escape all the eyes riveted upon him from all sides ; but he perspired and panted in vain ; like a wedge entering the wood , his efforts served only to bury still more deeply in the shoulders of his neighbors , his large , apoplectic face , purple with spite and rage .
at length one of these , as fat , short , and venerable as himself , came to his rescue .
the whole band burst into laughter .
who is scolding so ?
who is that screech owl of evil fortune ?
hold , i know him said one of them ; tis master andry musnier .
because he is one of the four sworn booksellers of the university ! said the other .
everything goes by fours in that shop , cried a third ; the four nations , the four faculties , the four feasts , the four procurators , the four electors , the four booksellers .
well , began jean frollo once more , we must play the devil with them .
musnier , we ’ ll burn your books .
musnier , we ’ ll beat your lackeys .
musnier , we ’ ll kiss your wife .
that fine , big mademoiselle oudarde .
who is as fresh and as gay as though she were a widow .
devil take you !
growled master andry musnier .
master andry , pursued jean jehan , still clinging to his capital , hold your tongue , or i ’ ll drop on your head !
master andry raised his eyes , seemed to measure in an instant the height of the pillar , the weight of the scamp , mentally multiplied that weight by the square of the velocity and remained silent .
jehan , master of the field of battle , pursued triumphantly :
fine gentry are our people of the university , not to have caused our privileges to be respected on such a day as this !
however , there is a maypole and a bonfire in the town ; a mystery , pope of the fools , and flemish ambassadors in the city ; and , at the university , nothing !
nevertheless , the place maubert is sufficiently large !
interposed one of the clerks established on the window-sill .
down with the rector , the electors , and the procurators !
we must have a bonfire this evening in the champ-gaillard , went on the other , made of master andry ’ s books .
and the desks of the scribes !
and the beadles ’ wands !
and the spittoons of the deans !
and the stools of the rector !
and the hutches of the electors !
and the cupboards of the procurators !
down with them !
put in little jehan , as counterpoint ; down with master andry , the beadles and the scribes ; the theologians , the doctors and the decretists ; the procurators , the electors and the rector !
the end of the world has come ! , muttered master andry , stopping up his ears .
by the way , there ’ s the rector !
see , he is passing through the place , cried one of those in the window .
each rivalled his neighbor in his haste to turn towards the place .
is it really our venerable rector , master thibaut ?
demanded jehan frollo du moulin , who , as he was clinging to one of the inner pillars , could not see what was going on outside .
yes , yes , replied all the others , it is really he , master thibaut , the rector .
it was , in fact , the rector and all the dignitaries of the university , who were marching in procession in front of the embassy , and at that moment traversing the place .
the students crowded into the window , saluted them as they passed with sarcasms and ironical applause .
the rector , who was walking at the head of his company , had to support the first broadside ; it was severe .
good day , monsieur le recteur !
good day there !
how does he manage to be here , the old gambler ?
has he abandoned his dice ?
how he trots along on his mule !
her ears are not so long as his !
good day , monsieur le recteur thibaut !
god preserve you !
did you throw double six often last night ?
what a decrepit face , livid and haggard and drawn with the love of gambling and of dice !
where are you bound for in that fashion , thibaut , _tybalde ad dados_ , with your back turned to the university , and trotting towards the town ?
he is on his way , no doubt , to seek a lodging in the rue thibautodé ?
the entire band repeated this quip in a voice of thunder , clapping their hands furiously .
you are going to seek a lodging in the rue thibautodé , are you not , monsieur le recteur , gamester on the side of the devil ?
then came the turns of the other dignitaries .
down with the beadles !
down with the mace-bearers !
tell me , robin pouissepain , who is that yonder ?
he is gilbert de suilly , _gilbertus de soliaco_ , the chancellor of the college of autun .
hold on , here ’ s my shoe ; you are better placed than i , fling it in his face .
_saturnalitias mittimus ecce nuces_ .
down with the six theologians , with their white surplices !
are those the theologians ?
i thought they were the white geese given by sainte-geneviève to the city , for the fief of roogny .
down with the doctors !
down with the cardinal disputations , and quibblers !
my cap to you , chancellor of sainte-geneviève !
you have done me a wrong .
tis true ; he gave my place in the nation of normandy to little ascanio falzapada , who comes from the province of bourges , since he is an italian .
that is an injustice , said all the scholars .
down with the chancellor of sainte-geneviève !
master joachim de ladehors !
may the devil stifle the procurator of the german nation !
and the chaplains of the sainte-chapelle , with their gray _amices ; cum tunices grisis_ !
_seu de pellibus grisis fourratis_ !
masters of arts !
all the beautiful black copes !
all the fine red copes !
they make a fine tail for the rector .
one would say that he was a doge of venice on his way to his bridal with the sea .
here are the canons of sainte-geneviève !
abbé claude choart !
doctor claude choart !
are you in search of marie la giffarde ?
she is in the rue de glatigny .
she is making the bed of the king of the debauchees .
she is paying her four deniers _quatuor denarios_ .
_aut unum bombum_ .
would you like to have her pay you in the face ?
master simon sanguin , the elector of picardy , with his wife on the crupper !
_post equitem seclet atra eura_ -- behind the horseman sits black care .
courage , master simon !
good day , mister elector !
good night , madame electress !
sighed joannes de molendino , still perched in the foliage of his capital .
meanwhile , the sworn bookseller of the university , master andry musnier , was inclining his ear to the furrier of the king ’ s robes , master gilles lecornu .
i tell you , sir , that the end of the world has come .
no one has ever beheld such outbreaks among the students !
it is the accursed inventions of this century that are ruining everything , -- artilleries , bombards , and , above all , printing , that other german pest .
no more manuscripts , no more books !
printing will kill bookselling .
it is the end of the world that is drawing nigh .
i see that plainly , from the progress of velvet stuffs , said the fur-merchant .
at this moment , midday sounded .
exclaimed the entire crowd , in one voice .
then came a great silence ; all necks remained outstretched , all mouths remained open , all glances were directed towards the marble table .
the bailiff ’ s four sergeants were still there , stiff , motionless , as painted statues .
all eyes turned to the estrade reserved for the flemish envoys .
the door remained closed , the platform empty .
this crowd had been waiting since daybreak for three things : noonday , the embassy from flanders , the mystery play .
noonday alone had arrived on time .
on this occasion , it was too much .
they waited one , two , three , five minutes , a quarter of an hour ; nothing came .
the dais remained empty , the theatre dumb .
in the meantime , wrath had succeeded to impatience .
irritated words circulated in a low tone , still , it is true .
they murmured , in hollow voices .
heads began to ferment .
a tempest , which was only rumbling in the distance as yet , was floating on the surface of this crowd .
it was jehan du moulin who struck the first spark from it .
the mystery , and to the devil with the flemings !
he exclaimed at the full force of his lungs , twining like a serpent around his pillar .
the crowd clapped their hands .
it repeated , and may all the devils take flanders !
we must have the mystery instantly , resumed the student ; or else , my advice is that we should hang the bailiff of the courts , by way of a morality and a comedy .
well said , cried the people , and let us begin the hanging with his sergeants .
a grand acclamation followed .
the four poor fellows began to turn pale , and to exchange glances .
the crowd hurled itself towards them , and they already beheld the frail wooden railing , which separated them from it , giving way and bending before the pressure of the throng .
it was a critical moment .
to the sack , to the sack !
rose the cry on all sides .
at that moment , the tapestry of the dressing-room , which we have described above , was raised , and afforded passage to a personage , the mere sight of whom suddenly stopped the crowd , and changed its wrath into curiosity as by enchantment .
the personage , but little reassured , and trembling in every limb , advanced to the edge of the marble table with a vast amount of bows , which , in proportion as he drew nearer , more and more resembled genuflections .
in the meanwhile , tranquillity had gradually been restored .
all that remained was that slight murmur which always rises above the silence of a crowd .
messieurs the bourgeois , said he , and mesdemoiselles the _bourgeoises_ , we shall have the honor of declaiming and representing , before his eminence , monsieur the cardinal , a very beautiful morality which has for its title , the good judgment of madame the virgin mary .
i am to play jupiter .
his eminence is , at this moment , escorting the very honorable embassy of the duke of austria ; which is detained , at present , listening to the harangue of monsieur the rector of the university , at the gate baudets .
as soon as his illustrious eminence , the cardinal , arrives , we will begin .
it is certain , that nothing less than the intervention of jupiter was required to save the four unfortunate sergeants of the bailiff of the courts .
if we had the happiness of having invented this very veracious tale , and of being , in consequence , responsible for it before our lady criticism , it is not against us that the classic precept , _nec deus intersit_ , could be invoked .
moreover , the costume of seigneur jupiter , was very handsome , and contributed not a little towards calming the crowd , by attracting all its attention .
jupiter was clad in a coat of mail , covered with black velvet , with gilt nails ; and had it not been for the rouge , and the huge red beard , each of which covered one-half of his face , -- had it not been for the roll of gilded cardboard , spangled , and all bristling with strips of tinsel , which he held in his hand , and in which the eyes of the initiated easily recognized thunderbolts , -- had not his feet been flesh-colored , and banded with ribbons in greek fashion , he might have borne comparison , so far as the severity of his mien was concerned , with a breton archer from the guard of monsieur de berry .
nevertheless , as be harangued them , the satisfaction and admiration unanimously excited by his costume were dissipated by his words ; and when he reached that untoward conclusion : as soon as his illustrious eminence , the cardinal , arrives , we will begin , his voice was drowned in a thunder of hooting .
the mystery immediately !
shrieked the people .
and above all the voices , that of johannes de molendino was audible , piercing the uproar like the fife ’ s derisive serenade : commence instantly !
yelped the scholar .
down with jupiter and the cardinal de bourbon !
vociferated robin poussepain and the other clerks perched in the window .
the morality this very instant !
repeated the crowd ; this very instant !
the sack and the rope for the comedians , and the cardinal !
poor jupiter , haggard , frightened , pale beneath his rouge , dropped his thunderbolt , took his cap in his hand ; then he bowed and trembled and stammered : his eminence -- the ambassadors -- madame marguerite of flanders -- .
he did not know what to say .
in truth , he was afraid of being hung .
hung by the populace for waiting , hung by the cardinal for not having waited , he saw between the two dilemmas only an abyss ; that is to say , a gallows .
luckily , some one came to rescue him from his embarrassment , and assume the responsibility .
an individual who was standing beyond the railing , in the free space around the marble table , and whom no one had yet caught sight of , since his long , thin body was completely sheltered from every visual ray by the diameter of the pillar against which he was leaning ; this individual , we say , tall , gaunt , pallid , blond , still young , although already wrinkled about the brow and cheeks , with brilliant eyes and a smiling mouth , clad in garments of black serge , worn and shining with age , approached the marble table , and made a sign to the poor sufferer .
but the other was so confused that he did not see him .
jupiter , said he , my dear jupiter !
the other did not hear .
at last , the tall blond , driven out of patience , shrieked almost in his face , --
who calls me ?
said jupiter , as though awakened with a start .
i , replied the person clad in black .
begin at once , went on the other .
applaud , citizens ! shouted the scholars .
satisfy the populace ; i undertake to appease the bailiff , who will appease monsieur the cardinal .
jupiter breathed once more .
messeigneurs the bourgeois , he cried , at the top of his lungs to the crowd , which continued to hoot him , we are going to begin at once .
good , good , shouted the people .
the hand clapping was deafening , and jupiter had already withdrawn under his tapestry , while the hall still trembled with acclamations .
in the meanwhile , the personage who had so magically turned the tempest into dead calm , as our old and dear corneille puts it , had modestly retreated to the half-shadow of his pillar , and would , no doubt , have remained invisible there , motionless , and mute as before , had he not been plucked by the sleeve by two young women , who , standing in the front row of the spectators , had noticed his colloquy with michel giborne-jupiter .
master , said one of them , making him a sign to approach .
hold your tongue , my dear liénarde , said her neighbor , pretty , fresh , and very brave , in consequence of being dressed up in her best attire .
he is not a clerk , he is a layman ; you must not say master to him , but messire .
messire , said liénarde .
the stranger approached the railing .
what would you have of me , damsels ?
he asked , with alacrity .
nothing , replied liénarde , in great confusion ; it is my neighbor , gisquette la gencienne , who wishes to speak with you .
not so , replied gisquette , blushing ; it was liénarde who called you master ; i only told her to say messire .
the two young girls dropped their eyes .
the man , who asked nothing better than to enter into conversation , looked at them with a smile .
so you have nothing to say to me , damsels ?
nothing at all , replied gisquette .
nothing , said liénarde .
the tall , light-haired young man retreated a step ; but the two curious maidens had no mind to let slip their prize .
messire , said gisquette , with the impetuosity of an open sluice , or of a woman who has made up her mind , do you know that soldier who is to play the part of madame the virgin in the mystery ?
you mean the part of jupiter ?
replied the stranger .
yes , said liénarde , isn ’ t she stupid ?
so you know jupiter ?
replied the unknown ; yes , madam .
he has a fine beard !
will what they are about to say here be fine ?
inquired gisquette , timidly .
very fine , mademoiselle , replied the unknown , without the slightest hesitation .
what is it to be ?
the good judgment of madame the virgin , -- a morality , if you please , damsel .
that makes a difference , responded liénarde .
a brief silence ensued -- broken by the stranger .
it is a perfectly new morality , and one which has never yet been played .
then it is not the same one , said gisquette , that was given two years ago , on the day of the entrance of monsieur the legate , and where three handsome maids played the parts --
of sirens , said liénarde .
and all naked , added the young man .
liénarde lowered her eyes modestly .
gisquette glanced at her and did the same .
he continued , with a smile , --
to-day it is a morality made expressly for madame the demoiselle of flanders .
will they sing shepherd songs ?
said the stranger , in a morality ?
you must not confound styles .
if it were a farce , well and good .
that is a pity , resumed gisquette .
that day , at the ponceau fountain , there were wild men and women , who fought and assumed many aspects , as they sang little motets and bergerettes .
that which is suitable for a legate , returned the stranger , with a good deal of dryness , is not suitable for a princess .
and beside them , resumed liénarde , played many brass instruments , making great melodies .
and for the refreshment of the passers-by , continued gisquette , the fountain spouted through three mouths , wine , milk , and hippocrass , of which every one drank who wished .
and a little below the ponceau , at the trinity , pursued liénarde , there was a passion performed , and without any speaking .
how well i remember that !
exclaimed gisquette ; god on the cross , and the two thieves on the right and the left .
here the young gossips , growing warm at the memory of the entrance of monsieur the legate , both began to talk at once .
and , further on , at the painters ’ gate , there were other personages , very richly clad .
and at the fountain of saint-innocent , that huntsman , who was chasing a hind with great clamor of dogs and hunting-horns .
and , at the paris slaughter-houses , stages , representing the fortress of dieppe !
they made the assault , and the english all had their throats cut .
and against the gate of the châtelet , there were very fine personages !
and on the port au change , which was all draped above !
and when the legate passed , they let fly on the bridge more than two hundred sorts of birds ; wasn ’ t it beautiful , liénarde ?
it will be better to-day , finally resumed their interlocutor , who seemed to listen to them with impatience .
do you promise us that this mystery will be fine ?
without doubt , he replied ; then he added , with a certain emphasis , -- i am the author of it , damsels .
said the young girls , quite taken aback .
replied the poet , bridling a little ; that is , to say , there are two of us ; jehan marchand , who has sawed the planks and erected the framework of the theatre and the woodwork ; and i , who have made the piece .
my name is pierre gringoire .
the author of the cid could not have said pierre corneille with more pride .
our readers have been able to observe , that a certain amount of time must have already elapsed from the moment when jupiter had retired beneath the tapestry to the instant when the author of the new morality had thus abruptly revealed himself to the innocent admiration of gisquette and liénarde .
remarkable fact : that whole crowd , so tumultuous but a few moments before , now waited amiably on the word of the comedian ; which proves the eternal truth , still experienced every day in our theatres , that the best means of making the public wait patiently is to assure them that one is about to begin instantly .
however , scholar johannes had not fallen asleep .
he shouted suddenly , in the midst of the peaceable waiting which had followed the tumult .
are you jeering at us ?
commence or we will commence again !
this was all that was needed .
the music of high and low instruments immediately became audible from the interior of the stage ; the tapestry was raised ; four personages , in motley attire and painted faces , emerged from it , climbed the steep ladder of the theatre , and , arrived upon the upper platform , arranged themselves in a line before the public , whom they saluted with profound reverences ; then the symphony ceased .
the mystery was about to begin .
the four personages , after having reaped a rich reward of applause for their reverences , began , in the midst of profound silence , a prologue , which we gladly spare the reader .
moreover , as happens in our own day , the public was more occupied with the costumes that the actors wore than with the roles that they were enacting ; and , in truth , they were right .
all four were dressed in parti-colored robes of yellow and white , which were distinguished from each other only by the nature of the stuff ; the first was of gold and silver brocade ; the second , of silk ; the third , of wool ; the fourth , of linen .
the first of these personages carried in his right hand a sword ; the second , two golden keys ; the third , a pair of scales ; the fourth , a spade : and , in order to aid sluggish minds which would not have seen clearly through the transparency of these attributes , there was to be read , in large , black letters , on the hem of the robe of brocade , my name is nobility ; on the hem of the silken robe , my name is clergy ; on the hem of the woolen robe , my name is merchandise ; on the hem of the linen robe , my name is labor .
the sex of the two male characters was briefly indicated to every judicious spectator , by their shorter robes , and by the cap which they wore on their heads ; while the two female characters , less briefly clad , were covered with hoods .
much ill-will would also have been required , not to comprehend , through the medium of the poetry of the prologue , that labor was wedded to merchandise , and clergy to nobility , and that the two happy couples possessed in common a magnificent golden dolphin , which they desired to adjudge to the fairest only .
so they were roaming about the world seeking and searching for this beauty , and , after having successively rejected the queen of golconda , the princess of trebizonde , the daughter of the grand khan of tartary , etc. , labor and clergy , nobility and merchandise , had come to rest upon the marble table of the palais de justice , and to utter , in the presence of the honest audience , as many sentences and maxims as could then be dispensed at the faculty of arts , at examinations , sophisms , determinances , figures , and acts , where the masters took their degrees .
all this was , in fact , very fine .
nevertheless , in that throng , upon which the four allegories vied with each other in pouring out floods of metaphors , there was no ear more attentive , no heart that palpitated more , not an eye was more haggard , no neck more outstretched , than the eye , the ear , the neck , and the heart of the author , of the poet , of that brave pierre gringoire , who had not been able to resist , a moment before , the joy of telling his name to two pretty girls .
he had retreated a few paces from them , behind his pillar , and there he listened , looked , enjoyed .
the amiable applause which had greeted the beginning of his prologue was still echoing in his bosom , and he was completely absorbed in that species of ecstatic contemplation with which an author beholds his ideas fall , one by one , from the mouth of the actor into the vast silence of the audience .
worthy pierre gringoire !
it pains us to say it , but this first ecstasy was speedily disturbed .
hardly had gringoire raised this intoxicating cup of joy and triumph to his lips , when a drop of bitterness was mingled with it .
a tattered mendicant , who could not collect any coins , lost as he was in the midst of the crowd , and who had not probably found sufficient indemnity in the pockets of his neighbors , had hit upon the idea of perching himself upon some conspicuous point , in order to attract looks and alms .
he had , accordingly , hoisted himself , during the first verses of the prologue , with the aid of the pillars of the reserve gallery , to the cornice which ran round the balustrade at its lower edge ; and there he had seated himself , soliciting the attention and the pity of the multitude , with his rags and a hideous sore which covered his right arm .
however , he uttered not a word .
the silence which he preserved allowed the prologue to proceed without hindrance , and no perceptible disorder would have ensued , if ill-luck had not willed that the scholar joannes should catch sight , from the heights of his pillar , of the mendicant and his grimaces .
a wild fit of laughter took possession of the young scamp , who , without caring that he was interrupting the spectacle , and disturbing the universal composure , shouted boldly , --
any one who has thrown a stone into a frog pond , or fired a shot into a covey of birds , can form an idea of the effect produced by these incongruous words , in the midst of the general attention .
it made gringoire shudder as though it had been an electric shock .
the prologue stopped short , and all heads turned tumultuously towards the beggar , who , far from being disconcerted by this , saw , in this incident , a good opportunity for reaping his harvest , and who began to whine in a doleful way , half closing his eyes the while , -- charity , please !
well -- upon my soul , resumed joannes , it ’ s clopin trouillefou !
holà he , my friend , did your sore bother you on the leg , that you have transferred it to your arm ?
so saying , with the dexterity of a monkey , he flung a bit of silver into the gray felt hat which the beggar held in his ailing arm .
the mendicant received both the alms and the sarcasm without wincing , and continued , in lamentable tones , --
this episode considerably distracted the attention of the audience ; and a goodly number of spectators , among them robin poussepain , and all the clerks at their head , gayly applauded this eccentric duet , which the scholar , with his shrill voice , and the mendicant had just improvised in the middle of the prologue .
gringoire was highly displeased .
on recovering from his first stupefaction , he bestirred himself to shout , to the four personages on the stage , go on !
see that sickly creature asking alms !
what the devil ! -- go on ! -- without even deigning to cast a glance of disdain upon the two interrupters .
at that moment , he felt some one pluck at the hem of his surtout ; he turned round , and not without ill-humor , and found considerable difficulty in smiling ; but he was obliged to do so , nevertheless .
it was the pretty arm of gisquette la gencienne , which , passed through the railing , was soliciting his attention in this manner .
monsieur , said the young girl , are they going to continue ?
of course , replied gringoire , a good deal shocked by the question .
in that case , messire , she resumed , would you have the courtesy to explain to me --
what they are about to say ?
no , said gisquette , but what they have said so far .
gringoire started , like a man whose wound has been probed to the quick .
a plague on the stupid and dull-witted little girl !
he muttered , between his teeth .
from that moment forth , gisquette was nothing to him .
in the meantime , the actors had obeyed his injunction , and the public , seeing that they were beginning to speak again , began once more to listen , not without having lost many beauties in the sort of soldered joint which was formed between the two portions of the piece thus abruptly cut short .
gringoire commented on it bitterly to himself .
nevertheless , tranquillity was gradually restored , the scholar held his peace , the mendicant counted over some coins in his hat , and the piece resumed the upper hand .
it was , in fact , a very fine work , and one which , as it seems to us , might be put to use to-day , by the aid of a little rearrangement .
the exposition , rather long and rather empty , that is to say , according to the rules , was simple ; and gringoire , in the candid sanctuary of his own conscience , admired its clearness .
as the reader may surmise , the four allegorical personages were somewhat weary with having traversed the three sections of the world , without having found suitable opportunity for getting rid of their golden dolphin .
thereupon a eulogy of the marvellous fish , with a thousand delicate allusions to the young betrothed of marguerite of flanders , then sadly cloistered in at amboise , and without a suspicion that labor and clergy , nobility and merchandise had just made the circuit of the world in his behalf .
the said dauphin was then young , was handsome , was stout , and , above all ( magnificent origin of all royal virtues ) , he was the son of the lion of france .
i declare that this bold metaphor is admirable , and that the natural history of the theatre , on a day of allegory and royal marriage songs , is not in the least startled by a dolphin who is the son of a lion .
it is precisely these rare and pindaric mixtures which prove the poet ’ s enthusiasm .
nevertheless , in order to play the part of critic also , the poet might have developed this beautiful idea in something less than two hundred lines .
it is true that the mystery was to last from noon until four o ’ clock , in accordance with the orders of monsieur the provost , and that it was necessary to say something .
besides , the people listened patiently .
all at once , in the very middle of a quarrel between mademoiselle merchandise and madame nobility , at the moment when monsieur labor was giving utterance to this wonderful line , --
in forest ne ’ er was seen a more triumphant beast ;
the door of the reserved gallery which had hitherto remained so inopportunely closed , opened still more inopportunely ; and the ringing voice of the usher announced abruptly , his eminence , monseigneur the cardinal de bourbon .
monsieur the cardinal .
the din of all the great double petards of the saint-jean , the discharge of twenty arquebuses on supports , the detonation of that famous serpentine of the tower of billy , which , during the siege of paris , on sunday , the twenty-sixth of september , 1465 , killed seven burgundians at one blow , the explosion of all the powder stored at the gate of the temple , would have rent his ears less rudely at that solemn and dramatic moment , than these few words , which fell from the lips of the usher , his eminence , monseigneur the cardinal de bourbon .
it is not that pierre gringoire either feared or disdained monsieur the cardinal .
he had neither the weakness nor the audacity for that .
a true eclectic , as it would be expressed nowadays , gringoire was one of those firm and lofty , moderate and calm spirits , which always know how to bear themselves amid all circumstances ( _stare in dimidio rerum_ ) , and who are full of reason and of liberal philosophy , while still setting store by cardinals .
a rare , precious , and never interrupted race of philosophers to whom wisdom , like another ariadne , seems to have given a clew of thread which they have been walking along unwinding since the beginning of the world , through the labyrinth of human affairs .
one finds them in all ages , ever the same ; that is to say , always according to all times .
and , without reckoning our pierre gringoire , who may represent them in the fifteenth century if we succeed in bestowing upon him the distinction which he deserves , it certainly was their spirit which animated father du breul , when he wrote , in the sixteenth , these naively sublime words , worthy of all centuries : i am a parisian by nation , and a parrhisian in language , for _parrhisia_ in greek signifies liberty of speech ; of which i have made use even towards messeigneurs the cardinals , uncle and brother to monsieur the prince de conty , always with respect to their greatness , and without offending any one of their suite , which is much to say .
there was then neither hatred for the cardinal , nor disdain for his presence , in the disagreeable impression produced upon pierre gringoire .
quite the contrary ; our poet had too much good sense and too threadbare a coat , not to attach particular importance to having the numerous allusions in his prologue , and , in particular , the glorification of the dauphin , son of the lion of france , fall upon the most eminent ear .
but it is not interest which predominates in the noble nature of poets .
i suppose that the entity of the poet may be represented by the number ten ; it is certain that a chemist on analyzing and pharmacopolizing it , as rabelais says , would find it composed of one part interest to nine parts of self-esteem .
now , at the moment when the door had opened to admit the cardinal , the nine parts of self-esteem in gringoire , swollen and expanded by the breath of popular admiration , were in a state of prodigious augmentation , beneath which disappeared , as though stifled , that imperceptible molecule of which we have just remarked upon in the constitution of poets ; a precious ingredient , by the way , a ballast of reality and humanity , without which they would not touch the earth .
gringoire enjoyed seeing , feeling , fingering , so to speak an entire assembly ( of knaves , it is true , but what matters that ? )
stupefied , petrified , and as though asphyxiated in the presence of the incommensurable tirades which welled up every instant from all parts of his bridal song .
i affirm that he shared the general beatitude , and that , quite the reverse of la fontaine , who , at the presentation of his comedy of the florentine , asked , who is the ill-bred lout who made that rhapsody ?
gringoire would gladly have inquired of his neighbor , whose masterpiece is this ?
the reader can now judge of the effect produced upon him by the abrupt and unseasonable arrival of the cardinal .
that which he had to fear was only too fully realized .
the entrance of his eminence upset the audience .
all heads turned towards the gallery .
it was no longer possible to hear one ’ s self .
the unhappy prologue stopped short for the second time .
the cardinal halted for a moment on the threshold of the estrade .
while he was sending a rather indifferent glance around the audience , the tumult redoubled .
each person wished to get a better view of him .
each man vied with the other in thrusting his head over his neighbor ’ s shoulder .
he was , in fact , an exalted personage , the sight of whom was well worth any other comedy .
charles , cardinal de bourbon , archbishop and comte of lyon , primate of the gauls , was allied both to louis xi. , through his brother , pierre , seigneur de beaujeu , who had married the king ’ s eldest daughter , and to charles the bold through his mother , agnes of burgundy .
now , the dominating trait , the peculiar and distinctive trait of the character of the primate of the gauls , was the spirit of the courtier , and devotion to the powers that be .
the reader can form an idea of the numberless embarrassments which this double relationship had caused him , and of all the temporal reefs among which his spiritual bark had been forced to tack , in order not to suffer shipwreck on either louis or charles , that scylla and that charybdis which had devoured the duc de nemours and the constable de saint-pol .
thanks to heaven ’ s mercy , he had made the voyage successfully , and had reached home without hindrance .
but although he was in port , and precisely because he was in port , he never recalled without disquiet the varied haps of his political career , so long uneasy and laborious .
thus , he was in the habit of saying that the year 1476 had been white and black for him -- meaning thereby , that in the course of that year he had lost his mother , the duchesse de la bourbonnais , and his cousin , the duke of burgundy , and that one grief had consoled him for the other .
nevertheless , he was a fine man ; he led a joyous cardinal ’ s life , liked to enliven himself with the royal vintage of challuau , did not hate richarde la garmoise and thomasse la saillarde , bestowed alms on pretty girls rather than on old women , -- and for all these reasons was very agreeable to the populace of paris .
he never went about otherwise than surrounded by a small court of bishops and abbés of high lineage , gallant , jovial , and given to carousing on occasion ; and more than once the good and devout women of saint germain d ’ auxerre , when passing at night beneath the brightly illuminated windows of bourbon , had been scandalized to hear the same voices which had intoned vespers for them during the day carolling , to the clinking of glasses , the bacchic proverb of benedict xii. , that pope who had added a third crown to the tiara -- _bibamus papaliter_ .
it was this justly acquired popularity , no doubt , which preserved him on his entrance from any bad reception at the hands of the mob , which had been so displeased but a moment before , and very little disposed to respect a cardinal on the very day when it was to elect a pope .
but the parisians cherish little rancor ; and then , having forced the beginning of the play by their authority , the good bourgeois had got the upper hand of the cardinal , and this triumph was sufficient for them .
moreover , the cardinal de bourbon was a handsome man , -- he wore a fine scarlet robe , which he carried off very well , -- that is to say , he had all the women on his side , and , consequently , the best half of the audience .
assuredly , it would be injustice and bad taste to hoot a cardinal for having come late to the spectacle , when he is a handsome man , and when he wears his scarlet robe well .
he entered , then , bowed to those present with the hereditary smile of the great for the people , and directed his course slowly towards his scarlet velvet arm-chair , with the air of thinking of something quite different .
his cortege -- what we should nowadays call his staff -- of bishops and abbés invaded the estrade in his train , not without causing redoubled tumult and curiosity among the audience .
each man vied with his neighbor in pointing them out and naming them , in seeing who should recognize at least one of them : this one , the bishop of marseilles ( alaudet , if my memory serves me right ) ; -- this one , the primicier of saint-denis ; -- this one , robert de lespinasse , abbé of saint-germain des prés , that libertine brother of a mistress of louis xi .
as for the scholars , they swore .
this was their day , their feast of fools , their saturnalia , the annual orgy of the corporation of law clerks and of the school .
there was no turpitude which was not sacred on that day .
and then there were gay gossips in the crowd -- simone quatrelivres , agnes la gadine , and rabine piédebou .
was it not the least that one could do to swear at one ’ s ease and revile the name of god a little , on so fine a day , in such good company as dignitaries of the church and loose women ?
so they did not abstain ; and , in the midst of the uproar , there was a frightful concert of blasphemies and enormities of all the unbridled tongues , the tongues of clerks and students restrained during the rest of the year , by the fear of the hot iron of saint louis .
poor saint louis !
each one of them selected from the new-comers on the platform , a black , gray , white , or violet cassock as his target .
joannes frollo de molendin , in his quality of brother to an archdeacon , boldly attacked the scarlet ; he sang in deafening tones , with his impudent eyes fastened on the cardinal , _cappa repleta mero_ !
all these details which we here lay bare for the edification of the reader , were so covered by the general uproar , that they were lost in it before reaching the reserved platforms ; moreover , they would have moved the cardinal but little , so much a part of the customs were the liberties of that day .
the much honored embassy of monsieur the duke of austria , brought the cardinal none of these cares , but it troubled him in another direction .
moreover , he had another cause for solicitude , and his mien as wholly preoccupied with it , which entered the estrade the same time as himself ; this was the embassy from flanders .
not that he was a profound politician , nor was he borrowing trouble about the possible consequences of the marriage of his cousin marguerite de bourgoyne to his cousin charles , dauphin de vienne ; nor as to how long the good understanding which had been patched up between the duke of austria and the king of france would last ; nor how the king of england would take this disdain of his daughter .
it was , in fact , somewhat hard , and we have already hinted at it on the second page of this book , -- for him , charles de bourbon , to be obliged to feast and receive cordially no one knows what bourgeois ; -- for him , a cardinal , to receive aldermen ; -- for him , a frenchman , and a jolly companion , to receive flemish beer-drinkers , -- and that in public !
all that troubled him but little ; and he gave a warm reception every evening to the wine of the royal vintage of chaillot , without a suspicion that several flasks of that same wine ( somewhat revised and corrected , it is true , by doctor coictier ) , cordially offered to edward iv .
this was , certainly , one of the most irksome grimaces that he had ever executed for the good pleasure of the king .
so he turned toward the door , and with the best grace in the world ( so well had he trained himself to it ) , when the usher announced , in a sonorous voice , messieurs the envoys of monsieur the duke of austria.it is useless to add that the whole hall did the same .
then arrived , two by two , with a gravity which made a contrast in the midst of the frisky ecclesiastical escort of charles de bourbon , the eight and forty ambassadors of maximilian of austria , having at their head the reverend father in god , jehan , abbot of saint-bertin , chancellor of the golden fleece , and jacques de goy , sieur dauby , grand bailiff of ghent .
a deep silence settled over the assembly , accompanied by stifled laughter at the preposterous names and all the bourgeois designations which each of these personages transmitted with imperturbable gravity to the usher , who then tossed names and titles pell-mell and mutilated to the crowd below .
there were master loys roelof , alderman of the city of louvain ; messire clays d ’ etuelde , alderman of brussels ; messire paul de baeust , sieur de voirmizelle , president of flanders ; master jehan coleghens , burgomaster of the city of antwerp ; master george de la moere , first alderman of the kuere of the city of ghent ; master gheldolf van der hage , first alderman of the _parchous_ of the said town ; and the sieur de bierbecque , and jehan pinnock , and jehan dymaerzelle , etc. , etc. , etc .
; bailiffs , aldermen , burgomasters ; burgomasters , aldermen , bailiffs -- all stiff , affectedly grave , formal , dressed out in velvet and damask , hooded with caps of black velvet , with great tufts of cyprus gold thread ; good flemish heads , after all , severe and worthy faces , of the family which rembrandt makes to stand out so strong and grave from the black background of his night patrol ; personages all of whom bore , written on their brows , that maximilian of austria had done well in trusting implicitly , as the manifest ran , in their sense , valor , experience , loyalty , and good wisdom .
there was one exception , however .
it was a subtle , intelligent , crafty-looking face , a sort of combined monkey and diplomat phiz , before whom the cardinal made three steps and a profound bow , and whose name , nevertheless , was only , guillaume rym , counsellor and pensioner of the city of ghent .
few persons were then aware who guillaume rym was .
a rare genius who in a time of revolution would have made a brilliant appearance on the surface of events , but who in the fifteenth century was reduced to cavernous intrigues , and to living in mines , as the duc de saint-simon expresses it .
nevertheless , he was appreciated by the miner of europe ; he plotted familiarly with louis xi. , and often lent a hand to the king ’ s secret jobs .
all which things were quite unknown to that throng , who were amazed at the cardinal ’ s politeness to that frail figure of a flemish bailiff .
master jacques coppenole .
while the pensioner of ghent and his eminence were exchanging very low bows and a few words in voices still lower , a man of lofty stature , with a large face and broad shoulders , presented himself , in order to enter abreast with guillaume rym ; one would have pronounced him a bull-dog by the side of a fox .
his felt doublet and leather jerkin made a spot on the velvet and silk which surrounded him .
presuming that he was some groom who had stolen in , the usher stopped him .
hold , my friend , you can not pass !
the man in the leather jerkin shouldered him aside .
what does this knave want with me ?
said he , in stentorian tones , which rendered the entire hall attentive to this strange colloquy .
don ’ t you see that i am one of them ?
demanded the usher .
hosier at the sign of the three little chains , of ghent .
the usher recoiled .
one might bring one ’ s self to announce aldermen and burgomasters , but a hosier was too much .
the cardinal was on thorns .
all the people were staring and listening .
for two days his eminence had been exerting his utmost efforts to lick these flemish bears into shape , and to render them a little more presentable to the public , and this freak was startling .
but guillaume rym , with his polished smile , approached the usher .
announce master jacques coppenole , clerk of the aldermen of the city of ghent , he whispered , very low .
usher , interposed the cardinal , aloud , announce master jacques coppenole , clerk of the aldermen of the illustrious city of ghent .
this was a mistake .
guillaume rym alone might have conjured away the difficulty , but coppenole had heard the cardinal .
do you hear , usher ?
nothing more , nothing less .
laughter and applause burst forth .
hosier ; that ’ s fine enough .
monsieur the archduke has more than once sought his _gant_ in my hose .
a jest is always understood in paris , and , consequently , always applauded .
let us add that coppenole was of the people , and that the auditors which surrounded him were also of the people .
thus the communication between him and them had been prompt , electric , and , so to speak , on a level .
the haughty air of the flemish hosier , by humiliating the courtiers , had touched in all these plebeian souls that latent sentiment of dignity still vague and indistinct in the fifteenth century .
then , while guillaume rym , a sage and malicious man , as philippe de comines puts it , watched them both with a smile of raillery and superiority , each sought his place , the cardinal quite abashed and troubled , coppenole tranquil and haughty , and thinking , no doubt , that his title of hosier was as good as any other , after all , and that marie of burgundy , mother to that marguerite whom coppenole was to-day bestowing in marriage , would have been less afraid of the cardinal than of the hosier ; for it is not a cardinal who would have stirred up a revolt among the men of ghent against the favorites of the daughter of charles the bold ; it is not a cardinal who could have fortified the populace with a word against her tears and prayers , when the maid of flanders came to supplicate her people in their behalf , even at the very foot of the scaffold ; while the hosier had only to raise his leather elbow , in order to cause to fall your two heads , most illustrious seigneurs , guy d ’ hymbercourt and chancellor guillaume hugonet .
this hosier was an equal , who had just held his own before monsieur the cardinal .
the arrival of the illustrious guests had by no means caused him to relax his hold , and , while the prelates and ambassadors were packing themselves into the stalls -- like genuine flemish herrings -- he settled himself at his ease , and boldly crossed his legs on the architrave .
nevertheless , all was over for the poor cardinal , and he was obliged to quaff to the dregs the bitter cup of being in such bad company .
the reader has , probably , not forgotten the impudent beggar who had been clinging fast to the fringes of the cardinal ’ s gallery ever since the beginning of the prologue .
coppenole proudly saluted his eminence , who returned the salute of the all-powerful bourgeois feared by louis xi .
the insolence of this proceeding was extraordinary , yet no one noticed it at first , the attention of all being directed elsewhere .
he , on his side , perceived nothing that was going on in the hall ; he wagged his head with the unconcern of a neapolitan , repeating from time to time , amid the clamor , as from a mechanical habit , charity , please !
and , assuredly , he was , out of all those present , the only one who had not deigned to turn his head at the altercation between coppenole and the usher .
now , chance ordained that the master hosier of ghent , with whom the people were already in lively sympathy , and upon whom all eyes were riveted -- should come and seat himself in the front row of the gallery , directly above the mendicant ; and people were not a little amazed to see the flemish ambassador , on concluding his inspection of the knave thus placed beneath his eyes , bestow a friendly tap on that ragged shoulder .
the beggar turned round ; there was surprise , recognition , a lighting up of the two countenances , and so forth ; then , without paying the slightest heed in the world to the spectators , the hosier and the wretched being began to converse in a low tone , holding each other ’ s hands , in the meantime , while the rags of clopin trouillefou , spread out upon the cloth of gold of the dais , produced the effect of a caterpillar on an orange .
the novelty of this singular scene excited such a murmur of mirth and gayety in the hall , that the cardinal was not slow to perceive it ; he half bent forward , and , as from the point where he was placed he could catch only an imperfect view of trouillerfou ’ s ignominious doublet , he very naturally imagined that the mendicant was asking alms , and , disgusted with his audacity , he exclaimed : bailiff of the courts , toss me that knave into the river !
monseigneur the cardinal , said coppenole , without quitting clopin ’ s hand , he ’ s a friend of mine .
shouted the populace .
from that moment , master coppenole enjoyed in paris as in ghent , great favor with the people ; for men of that sort do enjoy it , says philippe de comines , when they are thus disorderly .
the cardinal bit his lips .
he bent towards his neighbor , the abbé of saint geneviéve , and said to him in a low tone , -- fine ambassadors monsieur the archduke sends here , to announce to us madame marguerite !
your eminence , replied the abbé , wastes your politeness on these flemish swine .
_margaritas ante porcos_ , pearls before swine .
say rather , retorted the cardinal , with a smile , _porcos ante margaritam_ , swine before the pearl .
the whole little court in cassocks went into ecstacies over this play upon words .
the cardinal felt a little relieved ; he was quits with coppenole , he also had had his jest applauded .
now , will those of our readers who possess the power of generalizing an image or an idea , as the expression runs in the style of to-day , permit us to ask them if they have formed a very clear conception of the spectacle presented at this moment , upon which we have arrested their attention , by the vast parallelogram of the grand hall of the palace .
in the middle of the hall , backed against the western wall , a large and magnificent gallery draped with cloth of gold , into which enter in procession , through a small , arched door , grave personages , announced successively by the shrill voice of an usher .
on the front benches were already a number of venerable figures , muffled in ermine , velvet , and scarlet .
around the dais -- which remains silent and dignified -- below , opposite , everywhere , a great crowd and a great murmur .
thousands of glances directed by the people on each face upon the dais , a thousand whispers over each name .
certainly , the spectacle is curious , and well deserves the attention of the spectators .
but yonder , quite at the end , what is that sort of trestle work with four motley puppets upon it , and more below ?
who is that man beside the trestle , with a black doublet and a pale face ?
my dear reader , it is pierre gringoire and his prologue .
we have all forgotten him completely .
this is precisely what he feared .
from the moment of the cardinal ’ s entrance , gringoire had never ceased to tremble for the safety of his prologue .
at first he had enjoined the actors , who had stopped in suspense , to continue , and to raise their voices ; then , perceiving that no one was listening , he had stopped them ; and , during the entire quarter of an hour that the interruption lasted , he had not ceased to stamp , to flounce about , to appeal to gisquette and liénarde , and to urge his neighbors to the continuance of the prologue ; all in vain .
no one quitted the cardinal , the embassy , and the gallery -- sole centre of this vast circle of visual rays .
we must also believe , and we say it with regret , that the prologue had begun slightly to weary the audience at the moment when his eminence had arrived , and created a diversion in so terrible a fashion .
after all , on the gallery as well as on the marble table , the spectacle was the same : the conflict of labor and clergy , of nobility and merchandise .
and many people preferred to see them alive , breathing , moving , elbowing each other in flesh and blood , in this flemish embassy , in this episcopal court , under the cardinal ’ s robe , under coppenole ’ s jerkin , than painted , decked out , talking in verse , and , so to speak , stuffed beneath the yellow amid white tunics in which gringoire had so ridiculously clothed them .
nevertheless , when our poet beheld quiet reestablished to some extent , he devised a stratagem which might have redeemed all .
monsieur , he said , turning towards one of his neighbors , a fine , big man , with a patient face , suppose we begin again .
said his neighbor .
the mystery , said gringoire .
as you like , returned his neighbor .
this semi-approbation sufficed for gringoire , and , conducting his own affairs , he began to shout , confounding himself with the crowd as much as possible : begin the mystery again !
said joannes de molendino , what are they jabbering down yonder , at the end of the hall ?
( for gringoire was making noise enough for four . )
say , comrades , isn ’ t that mystery finished ?
they want to begin it all over again .
that ’ s not fair !
shouted all the scholars .
down with the mystery !
down with it !
but gringoire had multiplied himself , and only shouted the more vigorously : begin again !
these clamors attracted the attention of the cardinal .
monsieur bailiff of the courts , said he to a tall , black man , placed a few paces from him , are those knaves in a holy-water vessel , that they make such a hellish noise ?
the bailiff of the courts was a sort of amphibious magistrate , a sort of bat of the judicial order , related to both the rat and the bird , the judge and the soldier .
he approached his eminence , and not without a good deal of fear of the latter ’ s displeasure , he awkwardly explained to him the seeming disrespect of the audience : that noonday had arrived before his eminence , and that the comedians had been forced to begin without waiting for his eminence .
the cardinal burst into a laugh .
on my faith , the rector of the university ought to have done the same .
what say you , master guillaume rym ?
monseigneur , replied guillaume rym , let us be content with having escaped half of the comedy .
there is at least that much gained .
can these rascals continue their farce ?
asked the bailiff .
continue , continue , said the cardinal , it ’ s all the same to me .
i ’ ll read my breviary in the meantime .
the bailiff advanced to the edge of the estrade , and cried , after having invoked silence by a wave of the hand , --
both parties were forced to resign themselves .
but the public and the author long cherished a grudge against the cardinal .
so the personages on the stage took up their parts , and gringoire hoped that the rest of his work , at least , would be listened to .
this hope was speedily dispelled like his other illusions ; silence had indeed , been restored in the audience , after a fashion ; but gringoire had not observed that at the moment when the cardinal gave the order to continue , the gallery was far from full , and that after the flemish envoys there had arrived new personages forming part of the cortege , whose names and ranks , shouted out in the midst of his dialogue by the intermittent cry of the usher , produced considerable ravages in it .
let the reader imagine the effect in the midst of a theatrical piece , of the yelping of an usher , flinging in between two rhymes , and often in the middle of a line , parentheses like the following , --
this was becoming unbearable .
this strange accompaniment , which rendered it difficult to follow the piece , made gringoire all the more indignant because he could not conceal from himself the fact that the interest was continually increasing , and that all his work required was a chance of being heard .
it was , in fact , difficult to imagine a more ingenious and more dramatic composition .
the four personages of the prologue were bewailing themselves in their mortal embarrassment , when venus in person , ( _vera incessa patuit dea_ ) presented herself to them , clad in a fine robe bearing the heraldic device of the ship of the city of paris .
she had come herself to claim the dolphin promised to the most beautiful .
jupiter , whose thunder could be heard rumbling in the dressing-room , supported her claim , and venus was on the point of carrying it off , -- that is to say , without allegory , of marrying monsieur the dauphin , when a young child clad in white damask , and holding in her hand a daisy ( a transparent personification of mademoiselle marguerite of flanders ) came to contest it with venus .
after a dispute , venus , marguerite , and the assistants agreed to submit to the good judgment of time holy virgin .
there was another good part , that of the king of mesopotamia ; but through so many interruptions , it was difficult to make out what end he served .
all these persons had ascended by the ladder to the stage .
but all was over ; none of these beauties had been felt nor understood .
on the entrance of the cardinal , one would have said that an invisible magic thread had suddenly drawn all glances from the marble table to the gallery , from the southern to the western extremity of the hall .
nothing could disenchant the audience ; all eyes remained fixed there , and the new-comers and their accursed names , and their faces , and their costumes , afforded a continual diversion .
this was very distressing .
with the exception of gisquette and liénarde , who turned round from time to time when gringoire plucked them by the sleeve ; with the exception of the big , patient neighbor , no one listened , no one looked at the poor , deserted morality full face .
gringoire saw only profiles .
with what bitterness did he behold his whole erection of glory and of poetry crumble away bit by bit !
and to think that these people had been upon the point of instituting a revolt against the bailiff through impatience to hear his work !
now that they had it they did not care for it .
this same representation which had been begun amid so unanimous an acclamation !
eternal flood and ebb of popular favor !
to think that they had been on the point of hanging the bailiff ’ s sergeant !
what would he not have given to be still at that hour of honey !
but the usher ’ s brutal monologue came to an end ; every one had arrived , and gringoire breathed freely once more ; the actors continued bravely .
but master coppenole , the hosier , must needs rise of a sudden , and gringoire was forced to listen to him deliver , amid universal attention , the following abominable harangue .
messieurs the bourgeois and squires of paris , i don ’ t know , cross of god !
what we are doing here .
i certainly do see yonder in the corner on that stage , some people who appear to be fighting .
i don ’ t know whether that is what you call a mystery , but it is not amusing ; they quarrel with their tongues and nothing more .
i have been waiting for the first blow this quarter of an hour ; nothing comes ; they are cowards who only scratch each other with insults .
you ought to send for the fighters of london or rotterdam ; and , i can tell you !
you would have had blows of the fist that could be heard in the place ; but these men excite our pity .
they ought at least , to give us a moorish dance , or some other mummer !
that is not what was told me ; i was promised a feast of fools , with the election of a pope .
we have our pope of fools at ghent also ; we ’ re not behindhand in that , cross of god !
but this is the way we manage it ; we collect a crowd like this one here , then each person in turn passes his head through a hole , and makes a grimace at the rest ; time one who makes the ugliest , is elected pope by general acclamation ; that ’ s the way it is .
would you like to make your pope after the fashion of my country ?
at all events , it will be less wearisome than to listen to chatterers .
if they wish to come and make their grimaces through the hole , they can join the game .
what say you , messieurs les bourgeois ?
you have here enough grotesque specimens of both sexes , to allow of laughing in flemish fashion , and there are enough of us ugly in countenance to hope for a fine grinning match .
gringoire would have liked to retort ; stupefaction , rage , indignation , deprived him of words .
moreover , the suggestion of the popular hosier was received with such enthusiasm by these bourgeois who were flattered at being called squires , that all resistance was useless .
there was nothing to be done but to allow one ’ s self to drift with the torrent .
gringoire hid his face between his two hands , not being so fortunate as to have a mantle with which to veil his head , like agamemnon of timantis .
in the twinkling of an eye , all was ready to execute coppenole ’ s idea .
bourgeois , scholars and law clerks all set to work .
the little chapel situated opposite the marble table was selected for the scene of the grinning match .
a pane broken in the pretty rose window above the door , left free a circle of stone through which it was agreed that the competitors should thrust their heads .
in order to reach it , it was only necessary to mount upon a couple of hogsheads , which had been produced from i know not where , and perched one upon the other , after a fashion .
it was settled that each candidate , man or woman ( for it was possible to choose a female pope ) , should , for the sake of leaving the impression of his grimace fresh and complete , cover his face and remain concealed in the chapel until the moment of his appearance .
in less than an instant , the chapel was crowded with competitors , upon whom the door was then closed .
coppenole , from his post , ordered all , directed all , arranged all .
during the uproar , the cardinal , no less abashed than gringoire , had retired with all his suite , under the pretext of business and vespers , without the crowd which his arrival had so deeply stirred being in the least moved by his departure .
guillaume rym was the only one who noticed his eminence ’ s discomfiture .
the attention of the populace , like the sun , pursued its revolution ; having set out from one end of the hall , and halted for a space in the middle , it had now reached the other end .
the marble table , the brocaded gallery had each had their day ; it was now the turn of the chapel of louis xi .
henceforth , the field was open to all folly .
there was no one there now , but the flemings and the rabble .
the grimaces began .
the first face which appeared at the aperture , with eyelids turned up to the reds , a mouth open like a maw , and a brow wrinkled like our hussar boots of the empire , evoked such an inextinguishable peal of laughter that homer would have taken all these louts for gods .
nevertheless , the grand hall was anything but olympus , and gringoire ’ s poor jupiter knew it better than any one else .
a second and third grimace followed , then another and another ; and the laughter and transports of delight went on increasing .
there was in this spectacle , a peculiar power of intoxication and fascination , of which it would be difficult to convey to the reader of our day and our salons any idea .
let the reader picture to himself a series of visages presenting successively all geometrical forms , from the triangle to the trapezium , from the cone to the polyhedron ; all human expressions , from wrath to lewdness ; all ages , from the wrinkles of the new-born babe to the wrinkles of the aged and dying ; all religious phantasmagories , from faun to beelzebub ; all animal profiles , from the maw to the beak , from the jowl to the muzzle .
let the reader imagine all these grotesque figures of the pont neuf , those nightmares petrified beneath the hand of germain pilon , assuming life and breath , and coming in turn to stare you in the face with burning eyes ; all the masks of the carnival of venice passing in succession before your glass , -- in a word , a human kaleidoscope .
the orgy grew more and more flemish .
teniers could have given but a very imperfect idea of it .
let the reader picture to himself in bacchanal form , salvator rosa ’ s battle .
there were no longer either scholars or ambassadors or bourgeois or men or women ; there was no longer any clopin trouillefou , nor gilles lecornu , nor marie quatrelivres , nor robin poussepain .
all was universal license .
the grand hall was no longer anything but a vast furnace of effrontry and joviality , where every mouth was a cry , every individual a posture ; everything shouted and howled .
the strange visages which came , in turn , to gnash their teeth in the rose window , were like so many brands cast into the brazier ; and from the whole of this effervescing crowd , there escaped , as from a furnace , a sharp , piercing , stinging noise , hissing like the wings of a gnat .
just look at that face !
it ’ s not good for anything .
guillemette maugerepuis , just look at that bull ’ s muzzle ; it only lacks the horns .
it can ’ t be your husband .
belly of the pope !
what sort of a grimace is that ?
that ’ s cheating .
one must show only one ’ s face .
that damned perrette callebotte !
she ’ s capable of that !
i ’ m stifling !
there ’ s a fellow whose ears won ’ t go through !
but we must do justice to our friend jehan .
in the midst of this witches ’ sabbath , he was still to be seen on the top of his pillar , like the cabin-boy on the topmast .
he floundered about with incredible fury .
his mouth was wide open , and from it there escaped a cry which no one heard , not that it was covered by the general clamor , great as that was but because it attained , no doubt , the limit of perceptible sharp sounds , the thousand vibrations of sauveur , or the eight thousand of biot .
as for gringoire , the first moment of depression having passed , he had regained his composure .
he had hardened himself against adversity. -- -continue !
he had said for the third time , to his comedians , speaking machines ; then as he was marching with great strides in front of the marble table , a fancy seized him to go and appear in his turn at the aperture of the chapel , were it only for the pleasure of making a grimace at that ungrateful populace. -- but no , that would not be worthy of us ; no , vengeance !
let us combat until the end , he repeated to himself ; the power of poetry over people is great ; i will bring them back .
we shall see which will carry the day , grimaces or polite literature .
he had been left the sole spectator of his piece .
it was far worse than it had been a little while before .
he no longer beheld anything but backs .
i am mistaken .
the big , patient man , whom he had already consulted in a critical moment , had remained with his face turned towards the stage .
as for gisquette and liénarde , they had deserted him long ago .
gringoire was touched to the heart by the fidelity of his only spectator .
he approached him and addressed him , shaking his arm slightly ; for the good man was leaning on the balustrade and dozing a little .
monsieur , said gringoire , i thank you !
monsieur , replied the big man with a yawn , for what ?
i see what wearies you , resumed the poet ; tis all this noise which prevents your hearing comfortably .
your name shall descend to posterity !
your name , if you please ?
renauld chateau , guardian of the seals of the châtelet of paris , at your service .
monsieur , you are the only representative of the muses here , said gringoire .
you are too kind , sir , said the guardian of the seals at the châtelet .
you are the only one , resumed gringoire , who has listened to the piece decorously .
what do you think of it ?
replied the fat magistrate , half aroused , it ’ s tolerably jolly , that ’ s a fact .
gringoire was forced to content himself with this eulogy ; for a thunder of applause , mingled with a prodigious acclamation , cut their conversation short .
the pope of the fools had been elected .
shouted the people on all sides .
that was , in fact , a marvellous grimace which was beaming at that moment through the aperture in the rose window .
after all the pentagonal , hexagonal , and whimsical faces , which had succeeded each other at that hole without realizing the ideal of the grotesque which their imaginations , excited by the orgy , had constructed , nothing less was needed to win their suffrages than the sublime grimace which had just dazzled the assembly .
master coppenole himself applauded , and clopin trouillefou , who had been among the competitors ( and god knows what intensity of ugliness his visage could attain ) , confessed himself conquered : we will do the same .
we shall not try to give the reader an idea of that tetrahedral nose , that horseshoe mouth ; that little left eye obstructed with a red , bushy , bristling eyebrow , while the right eye disappeared entirely beneath an enormous wart ; of those teeth in disarray , broken here and there , like the embattled parapet of a fortress ; of that callous lip , upon which one of these teeth encroached , like the tusk of an elephant ; of that forked chin ; and above all , of the expression spread over the whole ; of that mixture of malice , amazement , and sadness .
the acclamation was unanimous ; people rushed towards the chapel .
they made the lucky pope of the fools come forth in triumph .
but it was then that surprise and admiration attained their highest pitch ; the grimace was his face .
or rather , his whole person was a grimace .
a huge head , bristling with red hair ; between his shoulders an enormous hump , a counterpart perceptible in front ; a system of thighs and legs so strangely astray that they could touch each other only at the knees , and , viewed from the front , resembled the crescents of two scythes joined by the handles ; large feet , monstrous hands ; and , with all this deformity , an indescribable and redoubtable air of vigor , agility , and courage , -- strange exception to the eternal rule which wills that force as well as beauty shall be the result of harmony .
such was the pope whom the fools had just chosen for themselves .
one would have pronounced him a giant who had been broken and badly put together again .
when this species of cyclops appeared on the threshold of the chapel , motionless , squat , and almost as broad as he was tall ; squared on the base , as a great man says ; with his doublet half red , half violet , sown with silver bells , and , above all , in the perfection of his ugliness , the populace recognized him on the instant , and shouted with one voice , --
tis quasimodo , the bellringer !
tis quasimodo , the hunchback of notre-dame !
quasimodo , the one-eyed !
quasimodo , the bandy-legged !
it will be seen that the poor fellow had a choice of surnames .
let the women with child beware !
shouted the scholars .
or those who wish to be , resumed joannes .
the women did , in fact , hide their faces .
the horrible monkey !
as wicked as he is ugly , retorted another .
he ’ s the devil , added a third .
i have the misfortune to live near notre-dame ; i hear him prowling round the eaves by night .
with the cats .
he ’ s always on our roofs .
he throws spells down our chimneys .
the other evening , he came and made a grimace at me through my attic window .
i thought that it was a man .
such a fright as i had !
i ’ m sure that he goes to the witches ’ sabbath .
once he left a broom on my leads .
what a displeasing hunchback ’ s face !
what an ill-favored soul !
the men , on the contrary , were delighted and applauded .
quasimodo , the object of the tumult , still stood on the threshold of the chapel , sombre and grave , and allowed them to admire him .
one scholar ( robin poussepain , i think ) , came and laughed in his face , and too close .
quasimodo contented himself with taking him by the girdle , and hurling him ten paces off amid the crowd ; all without uttering a word .
master coppenole , in amazement , approached him .
you possess the handsomest ugliness that i have ever beheld in my life .
you would deserve to be pope at rome , as well as at paris .
so saying , he placed his hand gayly on his shoulder .
quasimodo did not stir .
coppenole went on , --
quasimodo made no reply .
said the hosier , are you deaf ?
he was , in truth , deaf .
nevertheless , he began to grow impatient with coppenole ’ s behavior , and suddenly turned towards him with so formidable a gnashing of teeth , that the flemish giant recoiled , like a bull-dog before a cat .
then there was created around that strange personage , a circle of terror and respect , whose radius was at least fifteen geometrical feet .
an old woman explained to coppenole that quasimodo was deaf .
said the hosier , with his great flemish laugh .
he ’ s a perfect pope !
i recognize him , exclaimed jehan , who had , at last , descended from his capital , in order to see quasimodo at closer quarters , he ’ s the bellringer of my brother , the archdeacon .
what a devil of a man !
said robin poussepain still all bruised with his fall .
he shows himself ; he ’ s a hunchback .
he walks ; he ’ s bandy-legged .
he looks at you ; he ’ s one-eyed .
you speak to him ; he ’ s deaf .
and what does this polyphemus do with his tongue ?
he speaks when he chooses , said the old woman ; he became deaf through ringing the bells .
he is not dumb .
and he has one eye too many , added robin poussepain .
a one-eyed man is far less complete than a blind man .
he knows what he lacks .
in the meantime , all the beggars , all the lackeys , all the cutpurses , joined with the scholars , had gone in procession to seek , in the cupboard of the law clerks ’ company , the cardboard tiara , and the derisive robe of the pope of the fools .
quasimodo allowed them to array him in them without wincing , and with a sort of proud docility .
then they made him seat himself on a motley litter .
twelve officers of the fraternity of fools raised him on their shoulders ; and a sort of bitter and disdainful joy lighted up the morose face of the cyclops , when he beheld beneath his deformed feet all those heads of handsome , straight , well-made men .
then the ragged and howling procession set out on its march , according to custom , around the inner galleries of the courts , before making the circuit of the streets and squares .
we are delighted to be able to inform the reader , that during the whole of this scene , gringoire and his piece had stood firm .
his actors , spurred on by him , had not ceased to spout his comedy , and he had not ceased to listen to it .
he had made up his mind about the tumult , and was determined to proceed to the end , not giving up the hope of a return of attention on the part of the public .
this gleam of hope acquired fresh life , when he saw quasimodo , coppenole , and the deafening escort of the pope of the procession of fools quit the hall amid great uproar .
the throng rushed eagerly after them .
good , he said to himself , there go all the mischief-makers .
unfortunately , all the mischief-makers constituted the entire audience .
in the twinkling of an eye , the grand hall was empty .
to tell the truth , a few spectators still remained , some scattered , others in groups around the pillars , women , old men , or children , who had had enough of the uproar and tumult .
some scholars were still perched astride of the window-sills , engaged in gazing into the place .
well , thought gringoire , here are still as many as are required to hear the end of my mystery .
they are few in number , but it is a choice audience , a lettered audience .
an instant later , a symphony which had been intended to produce the greatest effect on the arrival of the virgin , was lacking .
gringoire perceived that his music had been carried off by the procession of the pope of the fools .
skip it , said he , stoically .
he approached a group of bourgeois , who seemed to him to be discussing his piece .
this is the fragment of conversation which he caught , --
you know , master cheneteau , the hôtel de navarre , which belonged to monsieur de nemours ?
yes , opposite the chapelle de braque .
well , the treasury has just let it to guillaume alixandre , historian , for six hivres , eight sols , parisian , a year .
how rents are going up !
come , said gringoire to himself , with a sigh , the others are listening .
comrades , suddenly shouted one of the young scamps from the window , la esmeralda !
la esmeralda in the place !
this word produced a magical effect .
every one who was left in the hall flew to the windows , climbing the walls in order to see , and repeating , la esmeralda !
at the same time , a great sound of applause was heard from without .
what ’ s the meaning of this , of the esmeralda ?
said gringoire , wringing his hands in despair .
it seems to be the turn of the windows now .
he returned towards the marble table , and saw that the representation had been interrupted .
it was precisely at the instant when jupiter should have appeared with his thunder .
but jupiter was standing motionless at the foot of the stage .
cried the irritated poet , what are you doing there ?
is that your part ?
said jupiter , a scholar has just seized the ladder .
it was but too true .
all communication between his plot and its solution was intercepted .
and why did he take that ladder ?
in order to go and see the esmeralda , replied jupiter piteously .
he said , come , here ’ s a ladder that ’ s of no use !
and he took it .
this was the last blow .
gringoire received it with resignation .
may the devil fly away with you !
he said to the comedian , and if i get my pay , you shall receive yours .
then he beat a retreat , with drooping head , but the last in the field , like a general who has fought well .
and as he descended the winding stairs of the courts : a fine rabble of asses and dolts these parisians !
they are engrossed by every one , by chopin trouillefou , by the cardinal , by coppenole , by quasimodo , by the devil !
but by madame the virgin mary , not at all .
if i had known , i ’ d have given you virgin mary ; you ninnies !
to come to see faces and behold only backs !
to be a poet , and to reap the success of an apothecary !
it is true that homerus begged through the greek towns , and that naso died in exile among the muscovites .
but may the devil flay me if i understand what they mean with their esmeralda !
what is that word , in the first place ? -- tis egyptian !
chapter i. from charybdis to scylla .
night comes on early in january .
the streets were already dark when gringoire issued forth from the courts .
this gloom pleased him ; he was in haste to reach some obscure and deserted alley , in order there to meditate at his ease , and in order that the philosopher might place the first dressing upon the wound of the poet .
philosophy , moreover , was his sole refuge , for he did not know where he was to lodge for the night .
after the brilliant failure of his first theatrical venture , he dared not return to the lodging which he occupied in the rue grenier-sur-l ’ eau , opposite to the port-au-foin , having depended upon receiving from monsieur the provost for his epithalamium , the wherewithal to pay master guillaume doulx-sire , farmer of the taxes on cloven-footed animals in paris , the rent which he owed him , that is to say , twelve sols parisian ; twelve times the value of all that he possessed in the world , including his trunk-hose , his shirt , and his cap .
after reflecting a moment , temporarily sheltered beneath the little wicket of the prison of the treasurer of the sainte-chappelle , as to the shelter which he would select for the night , having all the pavements of paris to choose from , he remembered to have noticed the week previously in the rue de la savaterie , at the door of a councillor of the parliament , a stepping stone for mounting a mule , and to have said to himself that that stone would furnish , on occasion , a very excellent pillow for a mendicant or a poet .
he thanked providence for having sent this happy idea to him ; but , as he was preparing to cross the place , in order to reach the tortuous labyrinth of the city , where meander all those old sister streets , the rues de la barillerie , de la vielle-draperie , de la savaterie , de la juiverie , etc. , still extant to-day , with their nine-story houses , he saw the procession of the pope of the fools , which was also emerging from the court house , and rushing across the courtyard , with great cries , a great flashing of torches , and the music which belonged to him , gringoire .
this sight revived the pain of his self-love ; he fled .
in the bitterness of his dramatic misadventure , everything which reminded him of the festival of that day irritated his wound and made it bleed .
he was on the point of turning to the pont saint-michel ; children were running about here and there with fire lances and rockets .
pest on firework candles !
said gringoire ; and he fell back on the pont au change .
to the house at the head of the bridge there had been affixed three small banners , representing the king , the dauphin , and marguerite of flanders , and six little pennons on which were portrayed the duke of austria , the cardinal de bourbon , m. de beaujeu , and madame jeanne de france , and monsieur the bastard of bourbon , and i know not whom else ; all being illuminated with torches .
the rabble were admiring .
happy painter , jehan fourbault !
said gringoire with a deep sigh ; and he turned his back upon the bannerets and pennons .
a street opened before him ; he thought it so dark and deserted that he hoped to there escape from all the rumors as well as from all the gleams of the festival .
at the end of a few moments his foot came in contact with an obstacle ; he stumbled and fell .
it was the may truss , which the clerks of the clerks ’ law court had deposited that morning at the door of a president of the parliament , in honor of the solemnity of the day .
gringoire bore this new disaster heroically ; he picked himself up , and reached the water ’ s edge .
after leaving behind him the civic tournelle and the criminal tower , and skirted the great walls of the king ’ s garden , on that unpaved strand where the mud reached to his ankles , he reached the western point of the city , and considered for some time the islet of the passeur-aux-vaches , which has disappeared beneath the bronze horse of the pont neuf .
the islet appeared to him in the shadow like a black mass , beyond the narrow strip of whitish water which separated him from it .
one could divine by the ray of a tiny light the sort of hut in the form of a beehive where the ferryman of cows took refuge at night .
thought gringoire ; you do not dream of glory , and you do not make marriage songs !
what matters it to you , if kings and duchesses of burgundy marry ?
you know no other daisies ( _marguerites_ ) than those which your april greensward gives your cows to browse upon ; while i , a poet , am hooted , and shiver , and owe twelve sous , and the soles of my shoes are so transparent , that they might serve as glasses for your lantern !
thanks , ferryman , your cabin rests my eyes , and makes me forget paris !
he was roused from his almost lyric ecstacy , by a big double saint-jean cracker , which suddenly went off from the happy cabin .
it was the cow ferryman , who was taking his part in the rejoicings of the day , and letting off fireworks .
this cracker made gringoire ’ s skin bristle up all over .
he exclaimed , wilt thou pursue me everywhere ?
even to the ferryman ’ s !
then he looked at the seine at his feet , and a horrible temptation took possession of him :
said he , i would gladly drown myself , were the water not so cold !
then a desperate resolution occurred to him .
it was , since he could not escape from the pope of the fools , from jehan fourbault ’ s bannerets , from may trusses , from squibs and crackers , to go to the place de grève .
at least , he said to himself , i shall there have a firebrand of joy wherewith to warm myself , and i can sup on some crumbs of the three great armorial bearings of royal sugar which have been erected on the public refreshment-stall of the city .
the place de greve .
there remains to-day but a very imperceptible vestige of the place de grève , such as it existed then ; it consists in the charming little turret , which occupies the angle north of the place , and which , already enshrouded in the ignoble plaster which fills with paste the delicate lines of its sculpture , would soon have disappeared , perhaps submerged by that flood of new houses which so rapidly devours all the ancient façades of paris .
the persons who , like ourselves , never cross the place de grève without casting a glance of pity and sympathy on that poor turret strangled between two hovels of the time of louis xv. , can easily reconstruct in their minds the aggregate of edifices to which it belonged , and find again entire in it the ancient gothic place of the fifteenth century .
it was then , as it is to-day , an irregular trapezoid , bordered on one side by the quay , and on the other three by a series of lofty , narrow , and gloomy houses .
by day , one could admire the variety of its edifices , all sculptured in stone or wood , and already presenting complete specimens of the different domestic architectures of the middle ages , running back from the fifteenth to the eleventh century , from the casement which had begun to dethrone the arch , to the roman semicircle , which had been supplanted by the ogive , and which still occupies , below it , the first story of that ancient house de la tour roland , at the corner of the place upon the seine , on the side of the street with the tannerie .
at night , one could distinguish nothing of all that mass of buildings , except the black indentation of the roofs , unrolling their chain of acute angles round the place ; for one of the radical differences between the cities of that time , and the cities of the present day , lay in the façades which looked upon the places and streets , and which were then gables .
for the last two centuries the houses have been turned round .
in the centre of the eastern side of the place , rose a heavy and hybrid construction , formed of three buildings placed in juxtaposition .
it was called by three names which explain its history , its destination , and its architecture : the house of the dauphin , because charles v. , when dauphin , had inhabited it ; the marchandise , because it had served as town hall ; and the pillared house ( _domus ad piloria_ ) , because of a series of large pillars which sustained the three stories .
the city found there all that is required for a city like paris ; a chapel in which to pray to god ; a _plaidoyer_ , or pleading room , in which to hold hearings , and to repel , at need , the king ’ s people ; and under the roof , an _arsenac_ full of artillery .
for the bourgeois of paris were aware that it is not sufficient to pray in every conjuncture , and to plead for the franchises of the city , and they had always in reserve , in the garret of the town hall , a few good rusty arquebuses .
the grève had then that sinister aspect which it preserves to-day from the execrable ideas which it awakens , and from the sombre town hall of dominique bocador , which has replaced the pillared house .
it must be admitted that a permanent gibbet and a pillory , a justice and a ladder , as they were called in that day , erected side by side in the centre of the pavement , contributed not a little to cause eyes to be turned away from that fatal place , where so many beings full of life and health have agonized ; where , fifty years later , that fever of saint vallier was destined to have its birth , that terror of the scaffold , the most monstrous of all maladies because it comes not from god , but from man .
it is a consoling idea ( let us remark in passing ) , to think that the death penalty , which three hundred years ago still encumbered with its iron wheels , its stone gibbets , and all its paraphernalia of torture , permanent and riveted to the pavement , the grève , the halles , the place dauphine , the cross du trahoir , the marché aux pourceaux , that hideous montfauçon , the barrier des sergents , the place aux chats , the porte saint-denis , champeaux , the porte baudets , the porte saint jacques , without reckoning the innumerable ladders of the provosts , the bishop of the chapters , of the abbots , of the priors , who had the decree of life and death , -- without reckoning the judicial drownings in the river seine ; it is consoling to-day , after having lost successively all the pieces of its armor , its luxury of torment , its penalty of imagination and fancy , its torture for which it reconstructed every five years a leather bed at the grand châtelet , that ancient suzerain of feudal society almost expunged from our laws and our cities , hunted from code to code , chased from place to place , has no longer , in our immense paris , any more than a dishonored corner of the grève , -- than a miserable guillotine , furtive , uneasy , shameful , which seems always afraid of being caught in the act , so quickly does it disappear after having dealt its blow .
when pierre gringoire arrived on the place de grève , he was paralyzed .
he had directed his course across the pont aux meuniers , in order to avoid the rabble on the pont au change , and the pennons of jehan fourbault ; but the wheels of all the bishop ’ s mills had splashed him as he passed , and his doublet was drenched ; it seemed to him besides , that the failure of his piece had rendered him still more sensible to cold than usual .
hence he made haste to draw near the bonfire , which was burning magnificently in the middle of the place .
but a considerable crowd formed a circle around it .
he said to himself ( for gringoire , like a true dramatic poet , was subject to monologues ) there they are obstructing my fire !
nevertheless , i am greatly in need of a chimney corner ; my shoes drink in the water , and all those cursed mills wept upon me !
that devil of a bishop of paris , with his mills !
i ’ d just like to know what use a bishop can make of a mill !
does he expect to become a miller instead of a bishop ?
and his cathedral , and his mills !
i ’ d like to know what they are doing there !
they are warming themselves , much pleasure may it give them !
they are watching a hundred fagots burn ; a fine spectacle !
on looking more closely , he perceived that the circle was much larger than was required simply for the purpose of getting warm at the king ’ s fire , and that this concourse of people had not been attracted solely by the beauty of the hundred fagots which were burning .
in a vast space left free between the crowd and the fire , a young girl was dancing .
whether this young girl was a human being , a fairy , or an angel , is what gringoire , sceptical philosopher and ironical poet that he was , could not decide at the first moment , so fascinated was he by this dazzling vision .
she was not tall , though she seemed so , so boldly did her slender form dart about .
she was swarthy of complexion , but one divined that , by day , her skin must possess that beautiful golden tone of the andalusians and the roman women .
her little foot , too , was andalusian , for it was both pinched and at ease in its graceful shoe .
she danced , she turned , she whirled rapidly about on an old persian rug , spread negligently under her feet ; and each time that her radiant face passed before you , as she whirled , her great black eyes darted a flash of lightning at you .
all around her , all glances were riveted , all mouths open ; and , in fact , when she danced thus , to the humming of the basque tambourine , which her two pure , rounded arms raised above her head , slender , frail and vivacious as a wasp , with her corsage of gold without a fold , her variegated gown puffing out , her bare shoulders , her delicate limbs , which her petticoat revealed at times , her black hair , her eyes of flame , she was a supernatural creature .
in truth , said gringoire to himself , she is a salamander , she is a nymph , she is a goddess , she is a bacchante of the menelean mount !
at that moment , one of the salamander ’ s braids of hair became unfastened , and a piece of yellow copper which was attached to it , rolled to the ground .
said he , she is a gypsy !
all illusions had disappeared .
she began her dance once more ; she took from the ground two swords , whose points she rested against her brow , and which she made to turn in one direction , while she turned in the other ; it was a purely gypsy effect .
but , disenchanted though gringoire was , the whole effect of this picture was not without its charm and its magic ; the bonfire illuminated , with a red flaring light , which trembled , all alive , over the circle of faces in the crowd , on the brow of the young girl , and at the background of the place cast a pallid reflection , on one side upon the ancient , black , and wrinkled façade of the house of pillars , on the other , upon the old stone gibbet .
among the thousands of visages which that light tinged with scarlet , there was one which seemed , even more than all the others , absorbed in contemplation of the dancer .
it was the face of a man , austere , calm , and sombre .
this man , whose costume was concealed by the crowd which surrounded him , did not appear to be more than five and thirty years of age ; nevertheless , he was bald ; he had merely a few tufts of thin , gray hair on his temples ; his broad , high forehead had begun to be furrowed with wrinkles , but his deep-set eyes sparkled with extraordinary youthfulness , an ardent life , a profound passion .
he kept them fixed incessantly on the gypsy , and , while the giddy young girl of sixteen danced and whirled , for the pleasure of all , his revery seemed to become more and more sombre .
from time to time , a smile and a sigh met upon his lips , but the smile was more melancholy than the sigh .
the young girl , stopped at length , breathless , and the people applauded her lovingly .
said the gypsy .
then gringoire saw come up to her , a pretty little white goat , alert , wide-awake , glossy , with gilded horns , gilded hoofs , and gilded collar , which he had not hitherto perceived , and which had remained lying curled up on one corner of the carpet watching his mistress dance .
said the dancer , it is your turn .
and , seating herself , she gracefully presented her tambourine to the goat .
djali , she continued , what month is this ?
the goat lifted its fore foot , and struck one blow upon the tambourine .
it was the first month in the year , in fact .
djali , pursued the young girl , turning her tambourine round , what day of the month is this ?
djali raised his little gilt hoof , and struck six blows on the tambourine .
djali , pursued the egyptian , with still another movement of the tambourine , what hour of the day is it ?
djali struck seven blows .
at that moment , the clock of the pillar house rang out seven .
the people were amazed .
there ’ s sorcery at the bottom of it , said a sinister voice in the crowd .
it was that of the bald man , who never removed his eyes from the gypsy .
she shuddered and turned round ; but applause broke forth and drowned the morose exclamation .
it even effaced it so completely from her mind , that she continued to question her goat .
djali , what does master guichard grand-remy , captain of the pistoliers of the town do , at the procession of candlemas ?
djali reared himself on his hind legs , and began to bleat , marching along with so much dainty gravity , that the entire circle of spectators burst into a laugh at this parody of the interested devoutness of the captain of pistoliers .
djali , resumed the young girl , emboldened by her growing success , how preaches master jacques charmolue , procurator to the king in the ecclesiastical court ?
the goat seated himself on his hind quarters , and began to bleat , waving his fore feet in so strange a manner , that , with the exception of the bad french , and worse latin , jacques charmolue was there complete , -- gesture , accent , and attitude .
and the crowd applauded louder than ever .
resumed the voice of the bald man .
the gypsy turned round once more .
said she , tis that villanous man !
then , thrusting her under lip out beyond the upper , she made a little pout , which appeared to be familiar to her , executed a pirouette on her heel , and set about collecting in her tambourine the gifts of the multitude .
all at once , she passed in front of gringoire .
gringoire put his hand so recklessly into his pocket that she halted .
said the poet , finding at the bottom of his pocket the reality , that is , to say , a void .
in the meantime , the pretty girl stood there , gazing at him with her big eyes , and holding out her tambourine to him and waiting .
gringoire broke into a violent perspiration .
if he had all peru in his pocket , he would certainly have given it to the dancer ; but gringoire had not peru , and , moreover , america had not yet been discovered .
happily , an unexpected incident came to his rescue .
will you take yourself off , you egyptian grasshopper ?
cried a sharp voice , which proceeded from the darkest corner of the place .
the young girl turned round in affright .
it was no longer the voice of the bald man ; it was the voice of a woman , bigoted and malicious .
however , this cry , which alarmed the gypsy , delighted a troop of children who were prowling about there .
it is the recluse of the tour-roland , they exclaimed , with wild laughter , it is the sacked nun who is scolding !
hasn ’ t she supped ?
let ’ s carry her the remains of the city refreshments !
all rushed towards the pillar house .
in the meanwhile , gringoire had taken advantage of the dancer ’ s embarrassment , to disappear .
the children ’ s shouts had reminded him that he , also , had not supped , so he ran to the public buffet .
but the little rascals had better legs than he ; when he arrived , they had stripped the table .
there remained not so much as a miserable _camichon_ at five sous the pound .
nothing remained upon the wall but slender fleurs-de-lis , mingled with rose bushes , painted in 1434 by mathieu biterne .
it was a meagre supper .
it is an unpleasant thing to go to bed without supper , it is a still less pleasant thing not to sup and not to know where one is to sleep .
that was gringoire ’ s condition .
no supper , no shelter ; he saw himself pressed on all sides by necessity , and he found necessity very crabbed .
he had long ago discovered the truth , that jupiter created men during a fit of misanthropy , and that during a wise man ’ s whole life , his destiny holds his philosophy in a state of siege .
as for himself , he had never seen the blockade so complete ; he heard his stomach sounding a parley , and he considered it very much out of place that evil destiny should capture his philosophy by famine .
this melancholy revery was absorbing him more and more , when a song , quaint but full of sweetness , suddenly tore him from it .
it was the young gypsy who was singing .
her voice was like her dancing , like her beauty .
it was indefinable and charming ; something pure and sonorous , aerial , winged , so to speak .
there were continual outbursts , melodies , unexpected cadences , then simple phrases strewn with aerial and hissing notes ; then floods of scales which would have put a nightingale to rout , but in which harmony was always present ; then soft modulations of octaves which rose and fell , like the bosom of the young singer .
her beautiful face followed , with singular mobility , all the caprices of her song , from the wildest inspiration to the chastest dignity .
one would have pronounced her now a mad creature , now a queen .
the words which she sang were in a tongue unknown to gringoire , and which seemed to him to be unknown to herself , so little relation did the expression which she imparted to her song bear to the sense of the words .
thus , these four lines , in her mouth , were madly gay , --
_un cofre de gran riqueza hallaron dentro un pilar , dentro del , nuevas banderascon figuras de espantar_ .
_alarabes de cavallosin poderse menear , con espadas , y los cuellos , ballestas de buen echar_ ,
gringoire felt the tears start to his eyes .
nevertheless , her song breathed joy , most of all , and she seemed to sing like a bird , from serenity and heedlessness .
the gypsy ’ s song had disturbed gringoire ’ s revery as the swan disturbs the water .
he listened in a sort of rapture , and forgetfulness of everything .
it was the first moment in the course of many hours when he did not feel that he suffered .
the moment was brief .
the same woman ’ s voice , which had interrupted the gypsy ’ s dance , interrupted her song .
will you hold your tongue , you cricket of hell ?
it cried , still from the same obscure corner of the place .
the poor cricket stopped short .
gringoire covered up his ears .
he exclaimed , accursed saw with missing teeth , which comes to break the lyre !
meanwhile , the other spectators murmured like himself ; to the devil with the sacked nun !
said some of them .
and the old invisible kill-joy might have had occasion to repent of her aggressions against the gypsy had their attention not been diverted at this moment by the procession of the pope of the fools , which , after having traversed many streets and squares , debouched on the place de grève , with all its torches and all its uproar .
this procession , which our readers have seen set out from the palais de justice , had organized on the way , and had been recruited by all the knaves , idle thieves , and unemployed vagabonds in paris ; so that it presented a very respectable aspect when it arrived at the grève .
first came egypt .
the duke of egypt headed it , on horseback , with his counts on foot holding his bridle and stirrups for him ; behind them , the male and female egyptians , pell-mell , with their little children crying on their shoulders ; all -- duke , counts , and populace -- in rags and tatters .
then came the kingdom of argot ; that is to say , all the thieves of france , arranged according to the order of their dignity ; the minor people walking first .
thus defiled by fours , with the divers insignia of their grades , in that strange faculty , most of them lame , some cripples , others one-armed , shop clerks , pilgrim , _hubins_ , bootblacks , thimble-riggers , street arabs , beggars , the blear-eyed beggars , thieves , the weakly , vagabonds , merchants , sham soldiers , goldsmiths , passed masters of pickpockets , isolated thieves .
in the centre of the conclave of the passed masters of pickpockets , one had some difficulty in distinguishing the king of argot , the grand coësre , so called , crouching in a little cart drawn by two big dogs .
after the kingdom of the argotiers , came the empire of galilee .
guillaume rousseau , emperor of the empire of galilee , marched majestically in his robe of purple , spotted with wine , preceded by buffoons wrestling and executing military dances ; surrounded by his macebearers , his pickpockets and clerks of the chamber of accounts .
last of all came the corporation of law clerks , with its maypoles crowned with flowers , its black robes , its music worthy of the orgy , and its large candles of yellow wax .
in the centre of this crowd , the grand officers of the brotherhood of fools bore on their shoulders a litter more loaded down with candles than the reliquary of sainte-geneviève in time of pest ; and on this litter shone resplendent , with crosier , cope , and mitre , the new pope of the fools , the bellringer of notre-dame , quasimodo the hunchback .
each section of this grotesque procession had its own music .
the egyptians made their drums and african tambourines resound .
the slang men , not a very musical race , still clung to the goat ’ s horn trumpet and the gothic rubebbe of the twelfth century .
the empire of galilee was not much more advanced ; among its music one could hardly distinguish some miserable rebec , from the infancy of the art , still imprisoned in the _re-la-mi_ .
it was nothing but soprano rebecs , counter-tenor rebecs , and tenor rebecs , not to reckon the flutes and brass instruments .
our readers will remember that this was gringoire ’ s orchestra .
it is difficult to convey an idea of the degree of proud and blissful expansion to which the sad and hideous visage of quasimodo had attained during the transit from the palais de justice , to the place de grève .
it was the first enjoyment of self-love that he had ever experienced .
down to that day , he had known only humiliation , disdain for his condition , disgust for his person .
hence , deaf though he was , he enjoyed , like a veritable pope , the acclamations of that throng , which he hated because he felt that he was hated by it .
