parking is ok now that baseball is over .
but the place is suddenly filthy .
pictures of the dirty machines are attached .
hair , dust , sweat accumulating for weeks .
lifetime ca n't open soon enough !
all this time was spent with the pa , leanna peterson .
the dr. came in for about 2 minutes at that appointment .
horribly rude and very unhelpful staff made for a terrible night in the er .
avoid at all costs !
these people do not care about patients at all !
meanwhile , she could barely hold her head up nor speak .
i walked away and saw her get on her cell phone .
do not come here they do not care for patients !
horribly dirty , careless physicians , completely unacceptable service !
the wait times are way too long !
very inconsiderate of health and pain levels .
please fix the tv sets on the stair machines upstairs .
they have not worked since those machines were put in 4 months ago .
they turn on but have no stations .
unacceptable when there are a total of 4 stair machines .
half do n't have working tvs .
less expensive gyms have working tvs .
this is not a luxury .
i am forced to watch tv on my phone .
have to use my own data plan .
again , reliable wifi is not difficult to provide .
i like the staff at this location .
unbelievably bad customer service .
they 'll take your money and give you product but that 's it .
no real coaching , counseling or follow up .
thank god i am out of that hellhole !
some were fired although some left on their own .
please keep in mind this was my experiance .
the one major con is the food bar .
the selection is mediocre , and the chefs do n't really change it up .
i was in phoenix for about 2.5 weeks .
i usually get food from whole foods when i 'm on business trips .
however , this time it was a challenge .
the server was awesome .
super knowledgeable about wine .
terrible place in general !
enter this place at your own risk !
forces new patients to give a credit card # or pay up front .
dentist herself is not family oriented but , somewhat friendly .
do n't think she has kids .
dental work is fairly expensive and average at best .
if it 's not an inconvienace i would work with someone else .
do not go here , they do not take care of you at all .
if i could give this place a zero rating i would !
then , they finally get me a room .
this place is a pathetic excuse for an urgent caresmall hospital .
wrong diagnosis and poor , poor care for their patients .
gave us hardly any information .
why would n't they just tell me over the phone .
my sister and i presented today for lip injections having purchased vouchers on groupon .
i 'm very sad to have to update my previously positive review .
all of the other d backs employees park off site .
not sure why he gets the closest spot to the club .
not sure why that had n't been done from day one .
so people from other clubs are parking and going to the game .
other cars had no permit and no note .
there were five people in the gym and 16 cars in the lot .
i came to dr anantuni for a 2nd opinion .
she hardly spoke to me and was exceptionally rude .
anantuni 's demeanor was no better .
no explanation of what was happening to me was given .
i gagged twice from dry mouth while sandi ignored and continued suctioning & probing .
i was offended nearly to the point of tears during the first appointment .
to my horror , the 2nd visit was even worse .
my crown did not fit even remotely , as sandi forced it on .
sandi told me not to move when i shifted out of pain .
she attempted for force the crown on with floss 3x .
eventually she gives up and anantuni fits my crown .
when i left my gums were still bleeding and bruised .
do not come here .
i 've confirmed the similiar experiences with sandi from 2 other patients .
meaning you have to grab all groceries and transfer .
nasty workers should get fired in my opinion .
thanks for your vote !
talk about a total lack of transparency with pricing !
and , there is no mention of pricing on their website either .
felt like we were dealing with a used car salesman with a hidden agenda .
needless to say we took our business elsewhere .
only go here as a last resort .
if you can get to henderson or vegas do it .
less than 2 hours .
they are very hard to communicate with and quickly attack your credit .
st. rose is so much better you cant compare them .
these guys may be good to give staples or stitches
do not rent here .
you are better off in an all age community .
keep your sanity and stay away .
the negligence is blatant .
the process and the system in place fails every patient .
this is an sos signal .
someone save me ! ! !
a different dentist came in and apologized .
needless to say , i will not be returning .
this was a sloppy mistake that could have easily been prevented .
i purchased a voucher to visit the rest nest float club on groupon .
this was not the case at all .
when i went back to the lobby , there was no one there .
shortly thereafter , he was back in the lobby .
he had gone to a neighbouring business to discuss a leaky roof situation .
i wish there was an option for zero or minus 10 stars .
sadly , i think the deplorable customer service issues are a corporate-wide quest problem .
why is it so impossible to get your test results ?
it does not work .
i had labs drawn seven days ago .
today , the doctor says they have no results from sonora quest .
my lab results were just going to sit there in nowhere land ?
they were n't going to bother following the instructions on my lab requisition ?
it took my calling them to get them to do their job ?
getting your labs drawn is not the problem .
getting you results , that is consistently a nightmare .
i absolutely despise this company !
snappy , argumentative and ghetto .
she kept the phone to her hear while talking to me .
are n't there hippa regulations ?
he seemed annoyed and angry to be there .
the visit only got better when the doctor and melissa came in .
will think twice before coming here again
second i would choose zero or negative ten stars if i could .
do not leave your loved ones here ! ! !
no one cared what happened to him .
i would n't allow a dog to be in this facility .
dr bilski does the hard sell on tooth implant and probably other services .
which i did n't know at the time .
save yourself a lot of money and grief and go to a specialist .
my jaw is still in pain from his work three years later .
best of luck to you all ... way overpriced
one of the most unprofessional pharmacies i have ever encountered .
today i called in to see if a prescription was ready to pick up .
a script that the doctor called in 3 days ago !
i was told that it was not ready and still being worked on .
no apologies or explanations were given .
when i asked for an eta the tech hung up on me .
all my business is going else where !
after two years of seeing dr. davis , we will not be returning .
they need to slow down and properly care for children 's teeth .
on our first visit , davis recommended my two children get sealants .
one year later , it was recommended several get replaced .
two days after they were replaced again , an entire sealant had popped off !
monday came , no call .
tuesday came , no call .
they refused to remove the sealants saying they would have to drill them off .
i do n't know if that 's true .
no amount of brushing will be able to prevent that cavity from forming .
i will not be returning to this office .
this is not okay .
the absolute most awful receptionists i 've ever dealt with .
we had absolutely disappointing experience with new you spa .
their accounting department avoided any contacts with us .
dr. ghodsi from lasting smiles dental care is a joke !
... . he slick , polished , and full of bs !
my wife and i went there to inquire about their $ 695 dental implants .
i wanted to know what the grand total was .
at this point , we were done !
the person that makes the copies had gone home for the night .
in our opinion , dr. ghodsi is an embarrassment to the medical community .
this review is for dr. blake goodbar : a condescending young physician .
he is part of the `` everybody gets a trophy '' generation .
has absolutely no personality and hideous skills dealing with individuals .
my dogs veterinarian is more qualified than this clown .
we have til sunday to know if he will make it .
ive used this business off and on for years .
i 'm appalled at how this company treats their patients .
i went to this business solely based on yelp reviews .
the whole session was just kinda rushed and rash .
dr. wickman is knowledgeable but too difficult to contact or schedule an appt .
when i first visited - on a friday - everything went well .
too difficult to contact the dr. or her nurse .
the entire scheduling process is much too corporate .
i 'm looking for another , smaller , practice to serve my needs .
this one just is n't worth the effort .
a sheep in wolves clothing !
at first glance this place seemed wonderful .
my husband and i got a cleaning and x-rays .
my husband was told he needed 12 fillings ...
this coming from 2 adults who get 2-3 cleanings per year .
their ploy did n't work .
this is n't his area of expertise at all .
i believed dr. ditesheim was truly the best cosmetic surgeon i found .
i felt so comfortable with him and his staff .
i had a breast augmentation 8 months ago and my results are unacceptable .
all totaling over double what i originally paid for the initial surgery .
i sent a letter voicing my concerns and received no response .
i requested my records and received no response .
i will now be searching for a more competent surgeon to do my revision .
what do you want me to do ?
make it again or do you want something different ? ''
i appreciated the offer , but her attitude was less than desirable .
and the frozen fruit to top it off !
was i supposed to gnaw on it ?
: ) add the vanilla whey protein powder for an extra boost !
i will no longer be a patient for the following reasons .
prior to visit versus during my visit ) .
as you may be aware of , blood work requires preparation such as fasting .
i have never met a more incompetent staff than at nevada eye and ear .
was not satisfied at all !
i will be going elsewhere from now on .
i will also let my friends know about my experience here .
well it never did .
unfortunately a very underwhelming experience !
my first appointment was awful , she was a terrible listener .
making judgements about my lifestyle that simply were not true .
i pleaded , argued , and begged for the referral .
and that i should contact him immediately next time symptoms arise .
i have no clue why this woman is a family doctor .
health department should be involved in mandating grocery stores to have power backup .
if not the hd then at least good business sense .
i think years ago this may have been a great place .
now , it is a cattle call .
totally my fault , i missed it .
do n't expect much personal attention .
every appointment i have had was over an hour late .
i have been given results for someone else on more than one occasion .
so i do n't see how they thought i was someone else .
i went in for just a sonogram and was there for over 3 hours .
this has happened at every appointment .
i have switched to the scottsdale office ... much much better experience ... .
today there were five people in the gym .
two of them are a couple and drive together .
the parking lot was almost full .
gym management has still not gotten the proper signage to actually tow cars .
the gym opened in 2012. it 's clearly not happening .
the man who checks for permits is useless .
he had no answer .
he also parks illegally in the lot .
he has quite possibly the easiest job in the world and is completely ineffective .
problem would be solved if mountainside actually towed cars .
some of the repeat offenders work inside the stadium and park there each game .
i 'm done with mountainside .
a lifetime is opening up in 2019 near the biltmore .
i can hardly wait .
i 'm going to encourage my gym friends to check out lifetime .
who cares about hippa violation ! !
i was a patient of dr. patel for over a year .
it is very apparent that it is all about the money in this office .
beware of this doctor and his unlicensed staff treating patients ! !
you are just a dollar sign to them ! !
be aware of this place !
not to mention his teeth are only a few years old .
long story short i got a second opinion and guess what ? ? ?
no cavities , no decay ! ! !
so why the immediate need to fill at 4 yrs old is beyond me .
i 'm not writing this review to bash the place .
i just do n't want parents/children to go through unnecessary procedures .
apart from the money scamming , the place is good .
i will not be returning because of this !
the other reviewers obviously have deep pockets .
not very bright service .
asked for ingredients for something and nobody knew .
got 3 salads , a falafel app and 2 drinks .
$ 93 ! ! !
i heard it was pricey but that is insane mixed with grandiose entitlement .
sad cause i was looking forward to a juice/raw restaurant on the east side .
i do love pulp kitchen and will go there from now on .
it can be smelly and dirty .
let 's just say the help do their best .
it seems to be cultural .
garbage in ... garbage out !
it takes learning about healthcare to get great healthcare .
that is true in all aspects if healthcare .
the internet make it easy .
especially if you study natural , holistic health options !
so within 20 minutes i was at the store to purchase it .
however , when i got there it was nowhere to found .
i 've never been spoken to like that regarding my plate on meatless monday .
in fact , other cashiers have just rubber banded my plate .
i understand policy and such but there 's nicer ways to go about things .
worse than a walk-in clinic .
treated like a revolving door or just an ohip/insurance card to be billed .
learn from my mistakes if you actually choose to go here for care .
do not pay up front .
check your own insurance benefits .
the problem is , they refused to refund me any money .
the final heaping load of salt in the wound ?
the $ 600 back brace is on amazon for $ 150 .
no one has bothered to talk to me .
apologize for the delay.. nothing .
this is the worst medical office i 've been in
i think the purpose of her doing that was for her to get tips ?
she did n't say during the session and was not very welcoming or friendly .
i would never go back there !
if there can be zero star rated , i would 've given them that !
i was sent from honor health hospital for physical rehabilitation .
as soon as i get there , i notice how filthy the place is .
the woman at the front desk as i came in ignored me .
i went to the room and it was even more disgusting .
the woman at he desk finally noticed me !
the staff and management followed me out begging me to stay .
literally , the staff and management were begging me to stay .
if you are going for physical rehab , go somewhere else .
worst doctors experience i have ever encountered .
avoid at all costs ! ! ! !
it only took me two appointments to flee from this place .
the technicians are not meticulous and they are not friendly at all .
yeah machines are alright ( not a single squat rack ) and somewhat clean .
i already knew in that moment that this is not going to be easy .
i ended up paying 135 because of course they want more money from me .
it is not even about the money , they are bunch of greedy liars .
even la fitness has an easier cancellation process !
extremely hot in the uncomfortable , loud waiting room .
bud room was nicely air conditioned , but very crowded and very loud .
**nurse review** so grateful to this dispensary for providing a cannabis r.n .
for consultations ! ! ! ! ! ! !
we give her more stars than offered here .
definitely worth the time if you need questions answered .
i also know they up-sell ; fact ; my husband does n't have insurance .
why not just give him the regular cleaning ? ! ? !
it was a total waste of time .
i 'm headed elsewhere ... and taking my entire family with !
this is the worst establishment .
they dont gove 1 fuck about their patients .
dont recommend save time & money go somewhere else .
please dont here ! ! ! ! ! !
dr. young is fine , however , the staff is not .
after that , it went down hill .
she then left me a vm a few min .
because i owe them money .
then , cancel my appt .
because i am late ? ! ? !
glad i am done with this office .
sorry dr. young , your staff has made you look unprofessional and quite embarrassing .
sandy in the pharmacy gives a new meaning to the word ' rude ' .
i let her know how i felt .
calling the cvs main manager .
this place was a complete waste of time .
it 's extremely rare for me to leave a 1 star review .
no thank you , will never return here .
this is the worst place anyone can go for any type of therapy .
now the only thing that tells me is it 's all about the money !
please if you can avoid it go somewhere else .
je n'ai vraiment pas aimé ce gym .
je le trouve déjà mal disposé .
on se sent vite confiné .
il y a quand même pas mal d'appareils de muscu au 1er étage .
des casiers inutilisables et des miroirs cassés dans les salles d'entrainement .
des horaires pas très larges .
vraiment dommage surtout pour le prix .
yeah if i you id go elsewhere .
the dog is allowed on the beds and pillows that are used for treatment .
the equipment is old .
it 's not a professional medical facility .
if i could put 0 stars i would .
i went there almost 3 years ago and got all my mouth work done .
the dentist obviously does not know what she is doing .
its fallen out twice .
im very disappointed and i will not be returning .
i do not recommend dc dental on 19th ave and bell rd .
unless you like shitty work and wasting money .
ridiculous to wait that long with an appointment .
the first time i went it was wonderful .
the massage and facial were both great .
second time around the massage was wonderful , but the facial was awful .
approx 30 minutes of the girl rubbing my face and head .
it sure was relaxing but i wanted a facial not a head rub .
i will never go back there again .
terrible service and ridiculous prices .
my review in one word = rip-off !
this `` court appointed '' pc does n't deserve a single star .
be warned and do what you must to get his recusal !
no family is safe here .
you guys are literally never open .
super upsetting , because i love all the juices and products .
but i feel that the public should be notified .
my entire family had appointments with this dentist .
so the 5 star reviews are extremely misleading .
by the time i was leaving , i was almost in panic attack mode .
almost $ 20,000 in dental work was prescribed .
crowns on almost every molar needed , inlays on most others .
this is not for cosmetic purposes .
he said my teeth were full of cavities .
i had no idea how this could 've happened in 6 months .
my husband was also prescribed near $ 15000 in work .
! and this new dentist has been in the community 30 yrs .
so you tell me , out of three dentists .
who do you believe ? ? ?
once again , beware of the 5 star reviews .
they give you a discount if you write them .
and there is n't a phone number listed !
do n't feed me bullshit .
i would n't recommend anyone to go here .
was n't a horrible experience , but could have been better .
the office space is clean and modern .
my injections did turn out nicely though .
very hard to get an appointment .
i have gone to this clinic for both iui 's and an ivf cycle .
they have too many patients and you feel like a number .
we are know paying for that mistake .
definitely look elsewhere for someplace that is more organized if you have to option .
not the best place to seek medical care .
i would never risk another pregnancy with this practice .
the ultrasound given there showed incompetent cervix and bulging membranes .
he decided to do his own ultrasound .
when that showed an acceptable length of cervix .
terrible experience all around .
i would n't wish it on my worst enemy .
my father was admitted here after extensive back surgery .
his mind is completely foggy and he 's more incoherent as time moves forward .
do not see dr. michael schlaack !
he was smiling and mocking me the whole time .
he made me feel like i was there to get `` narcotics '' .
that was back in april .
the nurse told me `` we do n't do that .
we are pro-life here . ''
it is fda-approved to prevent pregnancy and will not harm an existing pregnancy .
if i could give this place negative stars i would .
do n't go to the gi department ! ! !
when i called to complain i was dismissed again .
they are just trying to get insurance money .
hate to say i saw this coming , but there you go .
mixing non-profit management with a retail establishment is recipe for disaster .
all amf locations are terrible .
high prices , old equipment , no or little tv 's .
just because i 've only wrote a couple of reviews mine was not posted .
omg~ generally i like massage envys .
but i decided i would still be pleasant and pay for the massage .
i had to go back to get my card .
horrible experience nearly every time i had to go here during my pregnancy .
she should not be allowed to interact with patients .
it felt like a cattle call when you get in there .
they want you in and out as quickly as possible .
they are irritated when you ask questions .
if you are looking for a caring dr this is not the place to go
overall , bad experience .
the receptionist was fine , standard customer service .
barely asked any questions and diagnosed me .
the level of competence here is very concerning .
i wrote a review in 2015 when my mom was in sante of mesa .
even calling does n't get results .
staff are under educated .
look beyond the decor and eating anytime you want in their restaurant and bistro .
just because they have carpet instead of tile how clean is that ?
as i said she was neglected and wasted away .
this spa has an arrogant , dictator running the men 's spa .
i sure hope someone sues these guys .
yesterday , i get a call asking to reschedule .
today , hrs before my appt , i get another call .
this time they said that their machine started acting up today .
seems they ca n't get their story straight .
( they did offer an appointment today at a location across town .
this place has excuse after excuse and nothing runs efficiently .
there are so many places you can go for an mri in vegas .
do n't go here .
i went to this establishment because i had a contact stuck in my eye .
i was charged almost $ 200 for the doctor to remove the contact .
she acted like she was afraid to touch me .
she treated me like i had the plague .
she was the most aloof and unfriendly doctor i have ever been to !
very dissatisfied with how she treated me .
do n't go here if you have an issue .
they 're all about the money !
based off my insurance , i had a deductible , as many others do .
plus , their obgyn 's are on par with dr. luh .
they sent me to collections over missing one payment .
they sit there with bitch faces and bad eyebrows .
i was always nice , too .
what can you do .
i went in for an infection .
i was paying out of pocket .
i let both the front office and the pa who was treating me know .
those two bills worth almost $ 3,000 were for a 30 minutes visit .
this was by far the most unprofessional and worst care i have ever experienced .
i regret ever going .
fairview hospitals birthing center is very mediocre .
i ca n't put negative stars ?
i should be able to .
what an effing joke .
why is this place open ?
went here with my wife .
i have bronchitis and my wife is showing symptoms of it .
she went in and was treated like dirt .
you guys are unprofessional and should be ashamed .
people , trust yelp reviews and move on to a different urgent care .
there is a reason this office has bad reviews
only choice is to leave a message .
reminded me of the bureaucracy at the government level .
dental clinic is terrible .
their excuse `` we are a teaching clinic '' .
great way to teach your students .
do n't even think of making a suggestion .
they will `` dismiss '' you as a patient .
on the plus side it hurt less than previous waxings .
i 'll try the other salons in the area .
they do not value repeat business i still feel ripped off !
look , a good optometrist is n't hard to find .
this is my second year going and they let me down .
i looked online and found the same glasses for an average of $ 60 .
this was my second time seeing her .
i ask if i could exchange these glasses for another pair .
not because the glasses were marked up , because they agreed they were n't .
their policy is 30 days .
group classes wo n't answer your individual needs .
they 'll always refer you to the individual therapist you 're to maintain .
16 week 4 part module you 'll go 4 weeks then off 1 week .
cuz guess what ? ! ?
kids in another room 4 ) doctors lead the group sessions .
7 ) water , pens and candy pieces are available upon entry .
it 's the smallest available .
a 1 '' inch is most apropos .
10 ) they accept all credit cards .
11 ) help yourself and get an electronic copy of the receipt .
enter ... get lectured ... review the homework .
17 ) no hard data or empirical data .
fair enough but at a minimum # surveys seeking confidential input could be provided .
**we need gradual steps down nothing definitively final like it is offered here .
a few sips in and i start to have a severe reaction ! ! !
i have been to other places and never had this problem ! !
being i work next door i frequented this place .
however i promise i will never return to a place with such negligence .
believe me , i get there 's a risk .
otherwise this may have ended a lot worse ! ! !
i set up an appointment which was fairly convenient .
or go somewhere else .
it may have been on their website , but i did n't see it .
right now i am just frustrated that i wasted over an hour on this .
the worst patient service i have ever encountered !
better business bureau and my insurance company will be hearing from me .
this is a scam , do not sign up with this company !
seriously , save your money .
it 's not even a real clinic once you walk in there .
the only machine that i 've seen in that place was the weight scale .
very nice staff , very professional and clean office .
more than ones they ran over one hour behind .
what 's the purpose to have an appointment then ?
i recommend this place , if you have extra time to waste !
it makes it feel like a chore shopping here !
definitely prefer other locations .
the space is so small and you are literally bumping into things .
i will definitely not be going back .
i 'd rather spend my money elsewhere .
i went here with my fiance because we purchased the 80 minute groupon massages .
first of all , we walked in and were n't greeted .
he was picking at his face and was very socially awkward .
the water they serve is terrible .
my therapist had really dry hands and did n't seem very experienced .
he talked the whole time and was n't professional at all .
my fiance 's therapist was alright .
it was awkward and not organized .
the entire appointment was not enjoyable .
i would not recommend going here for anything .
that 's about it .
had a positive ana lab result with my gp .
he recommended dr. peters at aara .
( in hindsight , i kind of have to agree with her there ! )
( why , if i had nothing wrong with me ? )
it turned out a few of my levels were above range , slightly .
since she is a specialist , my co-pay was $ 60 .
i might as well have flushed my $ down the toilet .
never again ! ! !
the place is pretty new .
i was out of there in less then 5minutes !
this amount was just for seeing the dr. not anything else .
make sure before you go to this place that you really have an emergency !
try your local clinic or ask friends what to do .
unbelievable that even with insurance this is what i have to pay !
all together $ 990.00 .
this was the worst hospital i 've ever been to .
we had the pleasure of having nurse jaqueline .
other patients having pain needing help they yelled at and told them to wait .
please if you have another option for care go there .
anyways i hope this helps others in the future .
he is condescending and short to say the least .
incessantly checked his watch during my short 10 minute appointment .
i will never return to this doctor for care !
i am just now getting correctly diagnosed with a rheumatologist .
they do not take insurance as they run as a chiropractic clinic .
please save your money .
he even interacted with my daughter ( 8mo ) .
he made me feel very comfortable .
we asked questions & we received answers .
on this note , it has been 3 weeks since i was seen .
she is also now on nystatin syrup taken by mouth 3-4x a day .
so on the safe side we need to treat her too .
i was seen ( not really ) by dr. timothy eichenlaub .
he seriously walked in our room .
he did neither ! !
that was seriously the last of seeing him .
we were so shocked !
could n't believe it .
that 's it ? ! ? ! ? !
but we were pissed !
are you freaking kidding me right now , ring worm !
first of all how can you diagnosis someone without even examining them ?
he prescribed me another fu**ing cream !
ketoconazole cream ( antifungal ) .
same as the nystatin !
so great just another cream to put on my damn nipples !
we were in & out within 30minutes .
the patients before us were in and out so quick too !
if you do n't like your job , go do something else .
no examination & false diagnosis !
the wait times , however , are horrendous .
this nationwide vision center store is horrible !
they do n't do that at this store .
... ..'scuse me ? ? ? ?
was *i* supposed to audit the order ?
hmmmmm , well i sure could n't agree more !
no offer to be seated was forthcoming either .
the glasses `` fitter '' adjusted them and if anything , they were worse .
they lie in their notes and purposely turn away patients .
i was referred to the tempe location for medication .
after a very lengthy argument i was rescheduled .
in the notes they wrote that i was a no show .
the next 2 visits both included rude staff and a less than satisfactory .
the following 3 visits matched my experience of the first visit .
as the scottsdale location is now able to offer medications i have transferred .
i highly advise that no one visit the tempe location .
did n't even look at me he just told his assistant .
i have never been treated so poorly by any person in the medical profession .
do not use this office .
i scheduled an apointment 2 weeks ago for may 1st at 2pm .
today being the absolute worst .
originally posted on fb in june .
update at the bottom .
so , where do i begin ? ? ?
they never did , so i called back and made another appointment for today .
i mean , are u kidding me ?
they did this to another patient today as well .
i 've never been to an office so unprofessional and unorganized .
why not tell me that when i asked about having these two things checked ?
we ended up walking out after i said a few choice words !
now we know why there was n't a wait !
so this is your warning !
do n't become a patient .
ummmmm ... ... .no !
you charged our insurance over $ 100 for bloodwork i never had !
you actually owe our insurance company money !
i will be calling them about that now !
i 'll laugh when she shuts down***
the hygienist pushes extra dental work and cleanings .
i got the deep-cleaning 2 months ago and my gums feel worse than before .
she barely smiled or made eye contact .
i am now looking for a new dentist .
beware ! ! ! ! ! !
this office is a rip off !
i called dr. inga 's office because i was referred to him .
all five of us went in for cleanings and x-rays .
four of us were told that we needed work done .
only my 4 year old was clear .
i told them i had to wait on his .
i ask her why is it so much ?
she proceeds to tell me that we have crappy insurance .
fast forward a few weeks .
are you kidding me ! ! ! ! ! ! !
after all i should have checked myself ... right ?
then i received a bill in the mail for an additional $ 630 .
i defiantly was not going back to that office .
but the story gets worse ! ! !
to my surprise my son did not have any cavities .
he did additional x-rays and nothing !
you have 10,000 patients ahead of you .
women be warned ! ! ! !
i work in the area and my feet ache as a general rule .
so i finally decided to treat myself to some reflexology .
after i asked for just foot reflexology only !
the girl offered a service including head and arms .
`` no '' again `` just feet please '' i said .
the positioning was awkward and not at all relaxing .
i could barely feel it .
i said `` ummm no i do not think so '' .
currently , i am in contact with az massage board regarding this .
enter at your own risk !
i was referred by my dr. for a skin check .
i called to set up an appointment .
13 minutes later , i decided to hang up .
he has ignored all my pleas to help me and resolve this .
shame on you alexander villares m.d .
the medical board is investigating .
this dr. prabhu is expanding the business at the cost of their patients !
beware and use this center at your own risk !
this the worst hospital i have ever been in .
it was so bad , that my family was bringing in all my meals .
you have to constantly check with the staff about outside appointments .
often they forget to schedule them or schedule them at the wrong time .
twice i was late being transported back to a hospital for treatment .
once i was so late i had to reschedule .
ten percent ofthe nursing staff actually care .
i have a food allergy to eggs and kept being serve redeggs .
i finally just asked for toast which was usually burned and cold .
most meals were served with canned fruit which never ferried .
this usually happened on weekend nights .
if you or your family need rehap care , do not go to kindred .
this used to be a good facility , but not any more .
they need to change the management .
until then , avoid this place at all costs .
omg , warning , do not buy a computer from this place .
i had several issues and they would n't help me at all .
there response was well there is nothing we can do .
i ask all the right questions before buying an expensive refurbished computer .
slowest computer i ever owned and constantly freezing .
no microsoft word either !
waited 3 days and still no call back .
they also were aware that i was moving to california the next day .
i did call them back to see what they could do to help me .
they simply said there 's nothing we can do .
they got their money and i 'm left with a crappy computer .
what computer does n't have microsoft word or excel ?
you 've been warned !
stay away from this place !
my first ( and only ) visit was surprisingly awful .
this visit took 2 1/2 hours without receiving any relief ( an adjustment ) .
would never ever return .
but this facility is a slum .
stained , dirty chairs in waiting room .
dirty , worn carpet .
place needs major updating and renovation .
it ca n't be they do n't have the money ... .
no sign posted saying lane 2 is not functioning .
convenience of location outweighed by hassle of doing business .
will drive past to walgreens next time .
they over book ! ! ! !
horrible staff and consideration to their patients !
had to come in for drug screen for employment .
got here @ 5:15 .
3 people in waiting room , one before and one after us .
nobody has come from the back .
that means that they must all be having dinner .
i guess that 's why this place is empty !
first availability is 7:30 p.m .
there is no one here ! !
will never come here again ! !
guess i should take that 7:30 appointment ... this is truly absurd !
i had the worst experience at this establishment today .
i 'm very disappointed , i was made to feel unwanted as a patient .
i will not return .
it really sucks that pre-employment physicals require you to go to concentra locations .
still horrible long wait times .
physical exam done in 5 minutes .
i added time to because of waiting for your paperwork at the end .
i created a yelp account specifically for this review .
again , she got a reading of 97.x .
yes , i know , not high enough to be considered a fever .
but as we told the med .
assistant , hes been having fevers on and off .
point is , i know the way she took his temp .
was not done properly .
he asked basic questions like `` does he have a cough ?
how do you , as a pa prescribe medication on no diagnosis ?
we said thanks and went on our way .
i would not suggest this place to anyone .
they need to staff at nellis omg sucks sucks
the best descriptor that rises to the top of my experience is just weird .
it was not really a reading .
i 've had several .
i do n't think she really knows how to use the tarot cards either .
i can say that everyone here is very nice , incredibly sweet .
i do n't have the sense that she is gifted at all though .
this type of thing is not for everyone .
maternity care : ladies and husbands , save your sanity .
( there was a woman in transition in the waiting room screaming ! !
not in my abdomen ! !
they continually dismissed me like i had no idea about life .
i told them i need ultrasound of my stomach organ .
so i get wheeled down and they take my vitals .
my mom was tired and i was fed up so we left .
ooh and btw , i did not have a uti .
my overall experience was one star , by default .
my daughter has been going here for past 2 years .
the dentist has always been friendly and professional .
unfortunately it is extremely difficult to schedule a cleaning .
every time i call i receive their voicemail .
i have been trying to make an appointment since february .
i said i was not interested and that was just not acceptable .
i hope others do n't have to go through what i went through .
please , stay away from ideal image ... what a rip off they are .
okay , i guess i 've vented enough .
my doctor is fine .
but getting a call back is the worst .
i 've been trying to get my test results for 2 days now .
the message says any calls after 4pm will be returned the next day .
now i have to wait until monday to review my test results .
i 've been calling for 2 days now ... the worst !
i 'm writing this for my wife who does n't really do yelp .
well , it was a good recommendation because we both loved her .
very intelligent and straight forward .
that 's fine with us .
i 'm sad we 're not using her anymore .
she is 100 % type-a personality and we liked her to .
i legit did not know this many people would be in the room .
definitely not a movie set .
again , she commanded that delivery room like a boss .
i was very impressed ... she was very `` movie set '' good .
complete rip off ! !
i found her on groupon and bought 30 units .
i have had over 20 botox treatments from approximately six different technicians .
i 've never been able to furrow my brow after a treatment , ever .
she either waters down her formula or completely missed my muscles .
dont waste your money ! !
gee thanks for the call .
the customer service is terrible and unacceptable !
would not recommend this company !
i have been to arizona natural selections four times .
i bought four different strains of what they said were heavy indicas .
they all were trash except for larry og which was okay .
i also bought two grams of bubble hash that was trash and tasted horrible .
i smoked that whole 1/8 last night and did n't feel anything .
i will be making the drive to another dispensary .
do n't waste your time here they sell low quality everything .
please do not get any work done by him ! ..
he has no standards bad job all around !
she talked down to me like if i could not afford any procedure .
after speaking to his staff i will most def not go there ever.. !
? , when before it used to be free .
not only that but what if you do not choose to get anything done.. ?
they are most certainly going to lose patients with there new protocol .
my experience was very bad .
who charge more not necessarily is the best .
it was an experience to forget .
this facility was awful !
only one or two nurses and cnas met his needs .
i shopped at this store even before it was renovated a few years ago .
the response was `` well i ordered it and it did n't come '' .
hmmmm , does that mean the markham store does n't have knowledgeable staff ?
i stopped in later that day and sure enough it was on the shelf .
she answered `` oh '' .
cashiers are not friendly , not sure they even know what a smile is .
not the case at healthy planet .
really high turn around of staff too .
takes so long to find someone to help .
i never see more than 2-3 people working there .
the worst experience in my life .
i have never been treated so rude .
if i could give 0 stars , i would .
i should have picked a different location even if it was further away .
she kept saying , `` oh , you 're doing so well !
the blood is coming out so fast ! ''
minutes after leaving , the big bruise is already visible .
i wo n't be coming back to this location at all .
the phlebotomist should quit her job .
i thought i had found the most amazing site ever !
and we will most likely return it .
you cant run a business with this crappy of a return policy .
just awful primary care experience .
first off , it 's impossible to get an appointment .
secondly , they only place you with midlevels , no doctors .
well , that was a complete lie .
my new pcp does it without issue !
( note , i have been taking vyvanse for 14 years . )
we had dad here for rehab again .
the leadership is not as solid as it was at our last stay .
we 've used the same companies for years .
call lights are never answered .
my dad had to wait over two hours for his pain meds .
no one answered the call light on several occasions until sometimes 30-60 mins later .
not what we experienced before !
the service here is not so exceptional .
which is kudos for them .
they also have good deals every now and then !
up to 50 % off of items .
after i rejected making an account there , she turned very unfriendly and cold .
send me my damn popeye 's dollars to my address .
pros : their pa , erica , is nice with no nonsense .
i 've been a customer at this whole foods location for over 5 years .
it used to be the best , especially prior to amazon taking over .
it is depressing most of the time to even come to the store .
another issue i 've noticed is food quality .
the quality standard has absolutely gone downhill from what it used to be .
but the issue continues and has been ongoing for over a year .
see list item # 3 under `` safe shopping '' here : https : //www.wholefoodsmarket.com/handling-meat-poultry
the wait times here are horrid .
had to switch to a different doc .
i 've been to high-end salons and this did not even come close .
i was in and out in less than 20 minutes .
unfortunately someone went into my locker and stole money out of it .
i wo n't be coming back .
if you come here do n't trust the lockers cause you may get robbed
no alternative were offered .
only pay us and we might help you .
had an appt yesterday for my son .
she stated that it 's against their policy and we could not be seen .
it 's easier just to say `` no , that 's the policy '' .
i checked in and sat down .
maybe 3 people ahead of me .
that 's not what i wanted to do .
i was sick and did n't want to drive somewhere else .
what kind of urgent care does n't have a doctor available ?
i left and went to med post .
got in right away .
i went to perfect image last summer with a groupon and i told them .
i was n't sure if i wanted to purchase a package .
of course , she ran a credit check and the next time i returned .
i was told , i could n't get my money back .
i was n't able to finish my treatments last year .
so , i started again this summer .
the treatments never lasted an hour .
they never took track of measurements , to see if they were working .
i received a call from the owner ( kevin ) asking to reschedule .
i declined , and i asked for a refund .
this maybe one of the worse stores in the valley .
along with bad attitudes comes with the staffs sporting very poor tattoos !
fish , all frozen nothing fresh .
candy section is good .
kleven , and van hamm are actually quite good .
in the meantime we spent our own money to go to one .
worst urgent care i 've been to .
the second worst massage i 've ever had .
it was an exceptionally unrelaxing way to finish a lousy , expensive massage experience .
i was going with christy kutz and my appointments with her felt rushed .
no good customer service , no drs follow ups .
taking my business elsewhere .
you literally ca n't talk to anyone with the ability to make billing decisions .
please do n't take your loved ones there .
they lack compassion and urgency .
they did n't try to help her recover .
it 's very difficult to communicate with anyone .
they ca n't tell you what days or times they 'll be there .
do your research ! ! ! ! !
i would tip the guys anyway before this cook prep fee started .
this review is for the rest of the huntersville practice .
two weeks later i get a letter from a collection agency for that amount .
well it is fast .
and the people are nice .
the test itself however is inaccurate .
of course they wont tell the company what it was i tested positive for .
just a sheet that says positive/negative .
maybe they just decided to flip a coin .
my 95-year-old mother was sent here for rehab after a minor fall .
ca n't wait to get her out of this place .
had an appointment at 3pm .
arrived at 2:45 pm taken me in the back .
checked vitals at 3:05 pm .
that was at 3:15pm came back to see me at 4:40pm poor service !
really no stars should be given to this hospital
she said that calls had been made earlier in the morning .
however , there was no offer made .
instead , i scheduled an appointment with another pediatric ophthalmologist .
these are the reasons why i 'll return .
very disappointed with cheese department .
out of everything we like or do n't carry it .
san diego store is small but puts this whole food store to shame .
wo n't be going back here .
total waste of time .
for the most part it was a pleasant experience .
she left me with three nearly bald spots .
i told her please do n't leave three more bald spots .
she told me she did n't need that much .
i then asked why did angela take such a huge sample .
she could n't explain her action .
patty was so much nicer than angela .
not only that i left with most of my hair on my head .
it 's not stated online .
it 's taped half ass on the door .
bottom line , put more information on your stupid website !
i loved my sons doctor and this place .
ca n't believe this .
i finally had enough because i had never encountered anything like that before .
i cancelled my appointments , got a second opinion and guess what ? ? ?
my children 's teeth are fine ! ! ! ! !
this office should be ashamed of themselves ! ! !
i went here a few times and found that dr were n't very experienced .
she ended up doing a biopsy in the wrong spot !
on top of it all , you have to wait 2-3 weeks for results .
i had to call them to get my results both times ! !
does anyone recommend a really good and experienced dermatologist ?
this is by far the worst place i have ever been to !
so i waited for about 25-30 mins still nobody ! ! !
at this point i was so confused !
i 've gone many times .
but what did i get in the mail ?
a bill stating i owed money for that visit !
where do i start ?
she then left the room .
unfortunately i missed my appointment , which has never happened before .
i never got a call back .
are these people serious ? !
like i would ever do business with an office or doctor that they refer ?
glad i left them months ago .
i now realize that when i researched dr. vas sabeeh , d.o .
my consultation for breast implants was a complete waste of time .
i do n't think this surgeon has much experience .
he did not and perhaps could not answer my questions fully .
the guy actually creeped me out .
check out where he went to medical school - midwestern university .
it rates really low .
lastly he is a d.o .
there are so many better trained surgeons out there .
i was just there .
i felt like i wasted 67 $ .
i got the deal from social media .
$ 37 for assessment n $ 30 for xray .
i needed to know if i go regularly how much i pay .
they want u to go back again before the answer .
i basically just wasted money and my time .
why make it so complicated n waste my time .
just tell me everything on the same day .
wasted 2 hours of my life i could never take back .
i could have done something more productive .
this place has absolutely no regard for my time .
and i got home and the nurse did n't even start the pump .
i had to call them and start it myself .
what if i had n't noticed ?
i could have been seriously hurt from that !
oh - and my scheduler has messed up my appointments a few times .
it felt like i was talking to a collector .
she started laying into me for not bringing in proof of income yet .
the first person i talked to said nothing even remotely close to that .
it 's a joke .
i 'm a pretty picky hair person considering i do n't have amazing hair .
lauren is amazing and the salon is well-run .
i love coming here .
the customer service is amazing .
they know my name when i walk in .
the lather lounge with hand massage ( which is complimentary ) is amazing .
oh my goodness so worth it !
feel like a new person .
dr. thomas nagy was my surgeon and he was absolutely fantastic .
and just like that it was over and i was recovering .
all of the instruction for post op are easy to follow and straightforward .
however , it is tax deductible , so that 's a bonus .
i just honestly ca n't recommend these guys enough .
and i honestly do n't understand the crappy reviews on here .
if you 're interested , go for a consult .
thank you , thank you , thank you , lasik md ! !
you guys made this life changing moment in my life possible
yay for good skin exams !
therefore , i was a little nervous about my appointment .
now that i have a dermatologist nearby , i really have no excuses .
beautiful , brand new facilities .
the staff is welcoming and professional .
would highly recommend this practice .
i ca n't say enough good things about this new ownership .
i wish all the other doctor 's did this .
lovely little boutique gym .
clean with a good assortment of equipment , machines and classes .
private bathrooms are spotless , very comfortable to shower after a workout .
thank you for jump starting my life back , pure health !
i 'm definitely a fan !
my overall experience from the whole team was amazing .
did n't have a hard time getting an appointment .
it is clean and tidy .
coffee and tea are available free of charge .
( but no complaints ) .
any xrays , kub , bone density tests or mammograms have been done professionally .
two days ago i visited oasis for meds .
i tried two , but wished i had picked them all up .
i managed to obtain some jack herer .
just as i remembered .
i just had to get some more !
i was not disappointed .
my standby rosin always does me right .
i can not believe how many cancer symptoms cannabis alleviates .
i ca n't fail this time to mention the driver chung .
he has delivered here before and always so professional .
i have never seen such a well informed bunch in my entire life .
that alone makes my life and quality of life much easier !
recently visited this office and very impressed with their professionalism and caring staff members .
i have no problem enthusiastically recommending stephanie dental to friends and family -- -
he has a dry sense of humor and is very competitive with himself .
he has treated her on and off for the past 7 years .
this place is a cool spot for breakfast and lunch food .
the vibe is nice , the space is open and welcoming .
food comes out quickly and is made fresh .
i 'll definitely be back and recommending to others !
dr young and her assistants take obvious pride in providing excellent patient care .
i was just in to the cheyenne/buffalo office for 3 separate tests .
mammogram , ultrasound , and a ct scan .
to my surprise i was called back almost immediately !
i had all 3 tests completed and was out the door by 11:15 !
melodie was absolutely amazing .
absolutely an amazing experience ! !
melodie got so many pictures that just left us in awe .
not only am i beyond happy with my results my husband is as well .
i would recommend simply skin to anyone and i do !
i hate the dentist .
i hate going but the staff at western were amazing .
it was very prompt .
the office is super clean .
the dentist i saw dr. chaffee was awesome !
he was able to diagnose the problem and print out treatment and cost .
ask for dr. chaffee he rules
today was the first time i needed anything other than routine cleaning .
dr. barela was great , explained everything in detail prior to actual procedure .
ready for fat tuesday goodies !
george gave me the most amazing massage i have ever had in my life .
i swear i fell in love with him during that hour .
easily the best massage i 've ever had and a great price .
i 've also never left the office with a bad experience ever .
he is kind , compassionate , caring and takes time to listen .
he is very knowledgeable and highly skilled in the field of cardiology .
everyone loves trader joe 's .
and if you do n't , there is something wrong with you .
good for you tj .
now , i am 5 minutes from tj and i love it .
the produce is always fresh and holy cheap !
asian pears for 99 cents a piece ? !
i 'll take a whole cartload please .
i hate shopping at fry 's or anywhere comparable to fry 's because ...
`` why ? ... ''
i think to myself .
we walked in and they separate lines by medical and recreational .
number , address etc .
she said it was her favorite out of all of them .
( premium and top shelf ) .
that forced me to seek your help .
( and my arch supports have long been thrown away . )
thank you dr. mike for solutions !
i should not have waited this long to share my gratitude .
juice jar is amazing ! ! !
i love that 's it 's 100 percent organic and fresh .
the customer service is amazing and they deliver ! !
what more do i want !
these bowls give me so much energy to last throughout the day .
heart and star shaped fruit definitely made the bowls unique .
every fruit tasted perfectly fresh .
these bowls will probably become apart of my everyday life .
the juice jar people are kind and accountable .
i ca n't wait to try other items they have to offer !
i recommend this place to all my family and friends !
thanks juice jar for your service .
appreciate the healthy living .
fabulous boutique like office with a wonderful staff .
staff at the front desk were all so sweet as well .
check out their instagram for their current prices .
they have awesome summer deals going on right now !
tvs have been fixed and parking has been ok so far this season .
i hope they can start towing cars that park illegally in the lot .
staff is friendly and welcoming at this location .
kaleidoscope is awesome and the staff is too !
i love the vegan burrito , their shakes are awesome and salads too .
this is our local go too and they are always very welcoming .
my doctors this morning were great !
very gentle and went over everything with me .
i went in and joel serviced me immediately .
it was pleasurable and he knows how to make a man happy !
i sat in the chair and got comfortable and joel went to work .
i left there feeling loved .
`` essence rocked me !
this is the best massage i have ever had .
the whole staff was professional and very friendly .
i would highly recommend getting a massage from this business .
i love trader joe 's .
a con because the parking lot is hell .
however , the inside is just like any other trader joe 's .
i love their produce section , their frozen foods , and everything else in-between .
i highly recommend checking this trader joe 's out !
gorgeous spa , great cafe , and wonderful shower amenities !
very relaxing and the massages , facials , and body treatments are top notch !
he 's the best , i promise .
everyone was respectful , knowledgeable and understood my problem .
i had blood and urine taken and results were back within an hour .
it is the only er i will go to in las vegas .
keep up the good work .
the best dentist i have ever been to .
the procedure was absolutely painless .
i highly recommend her .
her staff was super friendly and helpful along the way .
best experience ever : )
i feel so blessed to have found this wonderful store .
the energy is just so centered and loving .
i had a reading done that was very accurate and educational .
cc is so loving and nonjudgmental .
she will tell you what you need to know .
i went back for a healing and it was an amazing experience .
i feel like the weight of the world was lifted off of me .
if you need help with life , this is what you need .
i tipped well because of this and they really deserved it .
will be back again .
i 've been consistently coming here since december and i love it !
kenna always does amazing lashes and takes her time making sure they are perfect .
i have had sciatica issues before .
i could barely walk .
i was able to find a knee brace in port and it helped slightly .
i have never had a massage before , just acupuncture .
it was only 3 miles from where we are staying on the strip .
i can not say enough nice things about this place !
i had a ( like abc , she said ) a was amazing !
i can not believe how much better i feel !
i do still have a dull ache but it is bearable .
i would highly recommend this place !
the surgeons are great , but can be very tough to get to .
multiple messages with their ma 's go unreturned , which gets frustrating .
bill the pa is hysterical .
last minute glasses emergency .
new ones ordered and ready within an hour .
ca n't beat that .
they have a great staff .
they were friendly and helpful .
i used my vision plan to get the lenses and it was seamless .
i am very grateful for this experience and the prompt service .
ive always had a good experience here .
their new office is bright and inviting .
i think my best experience though was the one i had this past monday .
and the actual *ahem* exam took 2 minutes .
ive gone here for a couple years for massage and facials .
ive always enjoyed and experienced very professional services .
i had a hiccup today .
the receptionist got rather snitty .
this really left me sour .
always have a great experience at 7th and bell aspen .
they were both outstanding and we will be back .
i love this place .
some of the people from happy feet work here .
this place is so clean too .
i started coming here to see dr. mike about a month ago .
i 'm excited to see positive results in that area too !
i loved the care and treatment .
everyone in the office was friendly , personable and knowledgeable .
wish i lived closer so i could continue with next level !
thank you ashley and carrie ( sp ? )
you made my week !
i love how clear my skin is now and flatter my tummy is !
i highly recommend brittany to all !
went without appointment and i was accomodated quickly .
when i have to cancel appt .
i had a good deep cleaning service and i love the staff !
their equipments and clinic looks so fancy but their prices are not that expensive !
i might have to stick to this dental office for good i love it !
this is a great optical/optometry office .
now its really an open concept and quite beautiful .
the one big thing about this store is their cheap prices .
they 're actually incredible compared to other places ive been to .
the owner is super nice and willing to negotiate on price to help out .
and boy i am so glad i did !
the drive to her office is well worth it for me .
they are very professional and i was definitely satisfied with my overall experience .
my two cavities did n't take very long at all .
maybe 20 minutes and i was on my way out .
friendly , professional staff and comfortable office .
ca n't wait to make my next appointment now !
my family was always comfortable visiting as well as my friends .
thank you again for making my stay .
i suffer from acne and i had the spectra peel laser done .
my skin type was `` oily '' .
thank you very very much mark , silvia and sarah !
every appointment i had was such a pleasurable experience .
i ca n't just thank you all enough !
she was so nice and professional .
it made my first experience using this imaging service very pleasant .
davinci dental was recommended by a friend .
many thanks to him for the recommendation .
it is easy to get an appointment .
what a relief to find a dependable , friendly and excellent practice .
reviews are only valuable when they are honest ... let 's talk .
the palazzo is the up and coming premier senior community !
the proof is in the commitment of the management staff .
the vp , jack is dynamic and compassionate .
behind these sad comments are stories of disgruntled employees or angry vendors .
come and see the great changes happening here .
well , now i know- people like me .
a great haircut and 2 great recommendations is a triple win for me !
i would definitely go back to her if i lived in the area .
of course- it 's the salon inside the venetian hotel and on the strip .
if she is available though- i highly recommend her .
we 'd recommend all their facilities .
i am sticking with her beginning class .
the salon is very clean and cute and in a good location .
love the products used as well .
initial appointments for my husband and i with mia were fantastic !
she was extremely thorough and very helpful as well as responsive .
she listened to all my ailments aches & booboo complaints like a champ !
i highly recommend her and finally feel like i 've found my doctor !
i 'm very impressed ... we will be back !
i bought my wife a massage with lisa .
a great addition to the neighbourhood .
if my wife likes it , i like it .
dr. stacy and her staff are so caring .
the location is very convenient with plenty of parking .
the clinic is very pretty inside .
the hours are flexible and they even have saturday appointments available .
i went here for coolsculpting treatments .
dr. stacy seemed instantly different as it was very obvious she wanted to help .
i am very pleased with my results .
she and her staff are extradinarily caring and open .
i can not even express my gratitude for this practice and this provider .
ashley and her team are reliable , trustworthy , kind , considerate and respectful .
fun spot downtown with lots of different food options .
matt was so in tune with my tension knots .
i highly recommend him , especially for a deep tissue massage .
i like this guy .
straight to the point .
showed us the numbers and pros n cons of companies and that 's it .
just returned from a women 's weekend at this center .
what a wonderfully laid out venue in such a small space .
views , spacious rooms , shared areas , and delightful views !
our family highly recommends dr. maclean and her staff .
my daughters have both received wonderful experiences .
thank you , dr. maclean and team !
staff was perfect , friendly , professional .
i should 've done this years ago !
i had a simple eye exam .
took time to explain things as we went along .
best dentist i have ever been too !
i went there to have my mercury fillings taken out !
holly has been helping me with a back injury .
she listens really well .
highly recommend her service .
this is very difficult to accomplish as most massage places are booked .
those kind of extra touches are really important .
he was able to apply a lot of pressure which is what i need .
he used some unique techniques to get underneath my muscles and underneath my bone .
he also did n't skimp on the lotion .
i was going through a tough time w another clinic .
i was almost 5 months pregnant and they keep changing dr on me .
i found dr nguyen through yelp .
let me tell you .
my husband and i absolutely adore her from the first time we come in .
we would recommend her to all our friends and family .
thank you dr nguyen ! !
i have been going to dr sivakumar for years .
i had to change insurances and he was not on the list .
he has always been very professional .
i would recommend him to anyone .
absolutely none of us had any complaints about anything .
she did a great job , even though they were understaffed .
no complaints , only compliments .
we 'll definitely be back .
i 've brought people with me plenty of times and they have never complained .
these are great massages at such an affordable price !
i promise you its worth it !
46 for and hour you wo n't see that anywhere else !
i was taken back by the new owners , but they were so lovely !
they changed out the front waiting area and it looks a lot better .
very sweet people , highly recommend supporting small businesses !
amazing place ! ! !
the most beautiful lifetime facility i ever visit !
super clean ! ! !
i delivered my baby here in july and i had a scheduled induction .
everyone was absolutely wonderful ! !
i would definitely return if i were to have another baby .
but all in all it 's a wonderful hospital ! !
love love love this place !
so pretty and so friendly and a wonderful selection of services !
best place in chestermere !
very nice staff and doctors honest with you and does n't sugar coat .
i just love this place !
everyone is so friendly and accommodating .
i recommend this studio highly .
i was very satisfied at legacy urgent care .
i was seen very quickly .
everyone in the office are great people , all very helpful .
she was pretty good .
i wanted her to dig in more and tell me more with specifics .
she got a lot right though
this place is fabulous !
edna is super sweet and does a fantastic job .
and you ca n't beat the price .
i already have my next appointment booked .
that 's all it took .
.one visit and i 'm a regular !
dr. wright and his wife debby are absolutely amazing !
dr. wright is also a wizard when it comes to cosmetic dentistry .
you can totally feel the good energy at the place compared to other stores .
the people are very upbeat .
love their unique foods .
thank you orthocarolina for the excellent care .
dr. jake is my go-to doctor for everything .
i love how he treats everything the natural way .
just recently i went in for my bad allergies .
dr. jake gave me 2 all natural remedies and they worked awesome .
i recently utilized chefs fitness kitchen .
the program helped me keep organized and discipline to stay on point .
`` your best you '' ... is only a phone call away !
yessss ! ! ! !
i had the best waxing experience !
needless to say that was the last time i waxed .
i then began to get sugared which was awesome but extremely expensive .
i am so glad i did !
the owner was wonderful and the aesthetician was an angel .
it was clean and a nice environment and the employees were helpful .
i was expecting grief and was pleasantly surprised !
last week i was scheduled for an mri but the machine went down .
unfortunately i was unable to complete the test that day and was quite upset .
ally , the front desk receptionist was so very kind and courteous .
she was very helpful and really tried to accommodate this inconvenience .
she is definitely an asset to simon med .
my consultation was with mary and she made me feel so welcome .
i am so so soooo thankful for blossom and their guidance .
i will definitely be back when i get pregnant with baby number 2 !
dr. griffin is amazing ! !
i went to luminescence again today and i just had to write a review .
best laser hair removal place in phoenix , without question .
debbie and tammy are amazing !
lasers are pain free and obviously know what they are doing !
so happy they are close to my house ! ! !
i was impressed from the moment i walked in .
the suite is beautiful and has a very calming , clean environment .
i was taken promptly to a room for my appointment .
kristen was my practitioner .
she was extremely knowledgeable and i immediately felt at ease and confident .
she talked to me about my wishes and her recommendations .
i felt no pressure at all .
i will definitely be returning .
i had surgery with dr. kelsch last week for a deviated septum repair .
dr kelsch was great !
everyone there is so friendly .
emily is also very kind .
i would recommend this to anyone .
really fresh produce ... very bay area ca selection of food .
outside seating is super .
they have a very nice deli inside .
outside it can get hot in the summertime !
ca n't recommend them enough !
i highly highly recommend , most pleasant er experiences i 've ever had .
i feel at home here .
and his office manager penny and the rest of the staff are very good .
its a good place to go .
i have had an excellent experience here .
my visits have always been quick with hardly any wait for my shots .
dr. robertson and his staff are wonderful .
i had a consultation with dr. robertson concerning my eyelids .
dr. robertson explained a partial blepharotomy , using local anesthesia .
i had no problems with the procedure and the recovery was easy .
i trust dr. robertson and highly recommend his clinic .
his consultation is free !
thank you and god bless every one at ap medical group .
this place is great .
tammy stretched me like i was taffy until my back was manageable .
when i got too sore i went in for a refresh .
i 'm currently not in pain and able to move better .
this place is legitimate .
i can not say enough great things about all the good people at gvs .
a special thank you to technician melinda .
her attention to detail is tremendous .
ca n't wait for the final visit to finish my new smile .
dr. bianca always takes great time and effort for me .
this place is awesome ! ! !
i would highly recommend this place to anyone !
the inch comes off regardless of the scale !
totally want to do another treatment ; it 's well worth it .
i love bellair , they fixed my face and tightened my tummy .
the service is amazing and for some reason , the water is so good .
they provide the best service !
my first `` get to know me '' appointment .
the moment you walk in you feel comfortable .
dr. bundy and team were super .
the location is a little small but they keep it clean .
i took the 2 hour thai signature massage .
it 's a combination of deep tissue , hot stone , and stretching .
oy is an excellent masseuse .
she has strong hands and feet .
she asks what pressure you want and delivers it .
due to my fibromyalgia , i need deep pressure .
not sorry to have missed that .
it actually works , but anyways i 'd recommend .
try this place out you wo n't regret it
beautiful store ! ! ! !
i will always come back !
the staff and owner are truly knowledgeable​ , beautiful and caring people .
wonderful service , i had the best massage ever ( canyon ranch massage ) .
i also used the fitness center , steam room and sauna .
all was really clean and i felt incredibly comfortable .
this place was amazing !
$ 15 for first card , $ 2 for each additional .
i 'd have been there for above an hour .
here , i was in and out in under 5 mins . !
amazing , friendly service .
digital prints also mean no mess .
i am told that is unusual , but all went very well for me .
i likely will need to have surgery on my other hip .
i will absolutely have it done by dr. baldauf and his team .
he has a fun/clean office and my kids get excited for their next appointment .
this review is for the gym on the venetian side .
also , there is a smith .
machines are good and can work almost your entire body .
dr. pappas and the gang are always friendly and professional .
i loved this chinese health paradise .
i 'll need to book an appointment in order to confirm my suspicions.iut
the massage was great im planning to come back here soon
the company that makes this vitamin indicated that i could get a free sample .
it works like a charm for me .
this store is across from cf markville mall .
it is next to fabricland .
at first , i thought that this store looked tiny from the outside .
nope , just the door is tiny .
once i was inside , it was massive to me !
i like that it supports my lactose-free , low-carb needs .
i also found my vitamins .
i signed up for healthy planet 's points program .
one of these days , i will get a discount .
the person at the cash register was upbeat , friendly , and helpful .
there is plenty of parking in this plaza .
i will be shopping here often .
thank goodness my new vitamin solution works wonders for me !
if you have pain he will fix it ! !
prepare to leave with a smile because his is infectious
this place is amazing .
we were staying on the strip , but wanted to support a local business .
best of all this was the best massage i have ever had !
it was totally worth the 10 min uber ride .
i highly recommend imr , and will come back every time i visit vegas .
skip the strip spas this place is much , much better !
my son loved it .
my daughter being a teen did n't care one way or the other lol .
it 's called the gross book or something .
no more crying mornings for us and fighting .
that alone makes this place worth it .
i asked for photos to be shown and he pulls a book .
that tells me i 'm not the only mom to ever have that request .
the hygienist and dentist were all super nice to my kids .
i highly recommend this place .
my husband and i were visiting from north carolina and were exhibiting cold symptoms .
excellent service / efficient and professional staff .
staff very friendly and helpful .
pleasant greeting as we arrived .
tommy completed initial vitals and information - friendly and considerate .
tiffany checked and evaluated our condition - very pleasant .
complete visit was a very good experience .
would recommend this location !
always a great experience at vivid !
super cute/clean salon , friendly staff , awesome volume lashes that last .
i now feel my mouth is ready for many more good years .
she 's very , very fast !
she was my doctor through surgery and everything !
thank you so much dr.garcia ! !
you have made me a very happy patient .
no more embarrassment at work in front of my clients and co workers !
she 's the best for a reason .
i highly recommend her and everyone i have worked with at southwestern eye center !
i love the staff and everyone here is great .
you 'll be in great hands with great care !
9:30 appointment was seen at 9:35 all staff was prompt and friendly .
rosa my tech was nice and efficient .
i would recommend this location .
during my first two visits ( 2-days apart , they 're that good !
i really like veggie burgers that are n't supposed to taste like meat .
one think to mention is that the staff are extremely friendly and engaging .
bree did my lashes last night !
came out wonderful ! ! !
so very pleased with her work !
we will be back in 2weeks
traders is a fun store .
i am a loyal fan and always will be .
we love coming here .
it is so comfortable for a child and everything is about them .
the hygienists are so nice as well as the dentist .
very patient with a nervous 2 year old .
the movies and prizes are such a great distraction .
i would and do recommend this office to everyone .
stopped there several days for sandwiches/salads/snacks during our week stay to take on hikes .
the cheese cake and flan was delish !
i have been going to this practice for a while now .
here everyone is friendly and all technicians and doctors are gentle and professional .
quinn and her assistant had great manners and were very sweet to him .
i absolutely love dr. ghodsi and his entire staff !
i highly recommend this dental practice , for any and all dental needs .
i am 100 % satisfied with the results ! !
you are a truly gifted artist ! !
they have frequent deals and are always very friendly .
it 's not usually too busy when i go either .
dr. badyal is great .
he has excellent manners with his patients and keeps me interested in my procedures .
they do it right .
go here , do n't bother second guessing it .
it 's now been 13 months and i am extremely happy with my results .
that is not the case at dr. lille 's office .
i took his advise and i am happy i did .
my results are exactly what i wanted and i am so happy !
i will be going back to dr. lille for any future work .
thank you dr. lille and staff !
i was scheduled for an mri and an xray of my shoulder .
debra was my mri tech and she was awesome !
i have claustrophobia and even with the bigger opening i was really nervous .
debra was very patient and informative and made my scan as comfortable as possible .
amanda was my xray tech and she was great as well .
i would definitely recommend this location .
doc howard was my second opinion and glad i did that .
he is my doctor from now on .
my first experience here was amazing !
it 's absolutely beautiful & everyone is so nice !
i got my brows & bikini wax done by janeida .
she is absolutely amazing !
wonderful person & spirit .
i highly recommend re salon & med spa .
: ) follow her on ig @ thebrowgirlbrows
i am excited for club del sport to arrive here in chandler .
great staff ! ! !
very friendly and professional staff .
i can confidently say that it was painless .
i now can look forward to my next appointment without any fear or hesitation .
i love this place !
i also love the people who work here .
ok , i will stop now .
i sometimes take my salad to go and then sit outside and eat .
sprouts has a great produce section and organic selection .
tony motivates me to get up every morning to head out to boot camp .
the workouts vary every day , with a rotation of cardio and strength training .
you 're motivated to improve yourself rather than compete with others .
in the eight months i have been going , i 've dropped 44 pounds .
and for longer than you ever would at the gym .
highly recommend this class .
i went in for sciatica pain i had been having for over a week .
i was in and out within 2 hours on a monday afternoon .
i thought that was pretty good for a walk in quick care .
the staff was efficient and friendly and seemed very organized .
the doctor was thorough and friendly .
it had been over 3 years since i 'd been to the dentist .
i was blown away by the cleanliness and shear sophistication of the office .
thanks for not living up to your namesake , doc .
overall , i had an awesome experience .
good location with a drive through pharmacy and minute clinic .
the weekly deals are pretty good as is the service .
kendra was awesome - - so relaxing and did n't want to leave .
i even tried to extend my appointment , but she was booked up .
this is truly a magical place .
as soon as you walk in the angel energy is breathtaking .
cc is soft & kind & i can feel her peace & genuine love .
i have really bad stiff neck .
i could n't turn my neck for 3 days .
i call this place and they can take me next day early morning .
nida is helping me out .
she did a wonderful job .
she took her time .
she said she want to make sure i will feel better when i leave .
you can tell her how hard u like .
some likes hard but some like soft .
so do n't be worry about thai massage .
she even teach me how to take care of yourself everyday .
some trick to stretch my neck and my shoulders .
really nice of her .
i feel much better when i walk out .
and now i 'm ready to go back to work .
i definitely go back to see nida .
i am happy with my experience & happy with my result .
what a beautiful office and friendly team !
i love my smile , and it 's healthy because of you !
i recently visited this facility visiting charlotte , nc .
but , after calling the staff help me via telephone to find their location .
i was very impressed with the facility and its cleanliness .
i also took the body pump class with sue m. and another young lady .
the class was great and i 'd suggest others to take it as well .
my masseuse , daysha , was amazing !
she focused on my trigger points with the right pressure and it felt great !
i 'm definitely coming back .
dr. chris stevens has a wonderful demeanor and is extremely professional and knowledgeable .
he answers questions and explains them throughly .
you do n't feel rushed or like a number .
the staff cares about the clients and everyone is friendly .
teeth cleanings are amazing here .
they also have amazing prices on there frozen fruits for my smoothie .
thanks trader joe 's you saved the day !
boyfriend and i got couples massages .
$ 80 per person .
amazing cordial customer service with professional care .
they helped me figure out exactly what i need .
great pricing and specials every week .
there pipe selection and prices are great too .
dr raghavan is amazing .
she 's also empathetic and great at communicating .
five stars for her outstanding medical care .
initial appointments for my husband and i with mia were fantastic !
she was extremely thorough and very helpful as well as responsive .
she listened to all my ailments aches & booboo complaints like a champ !
i highly recommend and finally feel like i 've found my doctor !
i was transported here and well taken care of .
i had half my skull taken out to help with the bleeding/swelling .
it 's now been about 4 weeks and i 'm so very happy .
if it was n't for them i may not be here right now ...
staff is very friendly and courteous in person and over the phone .
the amount of paperwork i had to fill out was very reasonable .
i will be going back .
my brother is at present in this hospital .
i am normally very critical and a patient 's advocate .
my brother was airlifted here from bullhead city .
he has had very good care .
his doctors are friendly , informative , they explain things to him and us .
he is now on the 3rd floor for rehab .
after having a pretty mean stroke .
he has a great team that inspire and work him .
he is doing very well .
first went to a `` groupon '' deal at pearl vision .
waste of time and money !
decided to try sunset vision inside the henderson costco .
the front office and prep personnel are friendly , patient and awesome !
and , what can i say about the doctor of optometry ?
( was it dr .
he was professional and he listened ( and responded appropriately ) to my concerns .
what a world of difference from the `` doctor '' at pearl vision !
sunset vision ( inside the henderson costco ) is well worth the $ 89 .
i 'll go back again next year .
dr stephens is amazing , our whole family has been with her for years !
she truly cares and takes her time when we need to see her !
i would n't go anywhere else !
went to this urgent care last week because i was sick ( obviously ) .
i even arrived as the front receptionist was getting ready to go to lunch .
the staff is the reason i will be going back .
friendly , knowledgeable , and genuine .
i was checked on several times to see if i was okay .
i was constantly updated about what was going to be happening next .
the facility is well kept , clean , and very nice .
my experience as a whole was above par .
a favorite place of ours .
the value is extremely good as is the service .
the treatments are also very good .
more relaxing than therapeutic but very good nevertheless .
dr. chon and his staff have been amazing during every visit .
i had quite a few problems .
i almost wanted to pull out the tooth myself .
i do n't know what it is .
maybe he has light hands .
i did n't feel anything !
you guys are awesome .
i really love dr. le and the staff at eyesite of anthem .
i also did n't care for his office staff .
dr. le is a very knowledgeable board certified doctor with a great personality .
i can see much more clearly now !
i kept my current frames and ordered new lenses .
luis told me it would be 2-3 weeks until i had them back .
i could n't be happier with this office .
who loves this dentist ?
i have never experienced long waiting or office visits .
the beautiful office is always clean and organized .
love love love this spa .
jenna at the front desk and all the other girls are warm and helpful .
get a massage from mike !
it 's clean and quiet .
i worked with caralyn and she was amazing .
i would highly recommend this company .
never have to wait long and everyone in there is awesome !
awesome products amd tons to choose from !
i never leave there unhappy !
great service & good pricing : ) easy to make appointments .
these guys really teach you everything .
aaron is simply the best boxing coach in the valley .
thanks for all the help , guys !
i just went in for a consultation .
they were prompt , friendly , and very professional .
i will surely be back when i am financially ready to make this investment .
we definitely plan to continue to utilize their services .
the quality and attention to detail exceeds my standards .
their boutique has a lot of products that have healthy ingredients .
amazing customer service.. laser hair removal was made easy and breezy !
i do and anti aging facial that love love love
i do n't know why people feel the need to bash this pharmacy .
the staff is fast yet overloaded with the high volume of people to serve .
this location is a nexus of neighborhood demographics of central phoenix .
i 'm grateful that this team is my pharmacy .
it would n't work anywhere else .
oh em gee ... ..celiac disease afflicted peeps this place is awesome ! !
their ground turkey lasagne to die for .
protein bar very very good ! !
i had an amazing experience !
brandy did the best massage !
i have never felt this good in a long time !
great service and wonderful supplements !
my family purchases here frequently .
they seem to be getting their act together .
my favorite assistant is miranda .
i 'd share my pup tent with him anytime !
making your perfect salad is a fantastic thing .
they usually have plenty of lines open so that 's a plus as well .
hey were a little bit cheaper i 'd give it 5 stars .
everyone is extremely nice and i got great results .
thanks for great service , foothills sports medicine ! !
i had been experiencing a constant back pain .
thank you so much for your fantastic treatment .
staff is friendly and knowledgeable .
i would absolutely recommend these services to anyone .
i could n't be happier with my services ! ! !
i love this place .
to all of the complainers who had one bad experience , i would reconsider .
they let you being wine too and they will provide the glasses !
finding a dentist can be quite a chore .
unfortunately there is no really good system .
we might even ask people on the web !
i said `` pull out '' .
which is to say , three of them .
i was unable to even locate the spice channel .
i only hesitate to give a fifth star for two reasons .
peace out impacted wisdom teeth - nice knowing you !
dr. wirig and his staff are phenomenal !
his aftercare is out of this world !
again , i process pain differently .
from the staff to the office is just amazing .
we had a great chat about products , skincare , etc .
- she 's very knowledgeable !
- and the dermaplane treatment went by in a flash .
the salon was nicely decorated , comfortable and clean .
i bought a package for more and i 'm looking forward to my treatments .
dr. letelier is absolutely amazing !
his staff is outstanding .
nicole was great and made me feel so comfortable !
all the staff was helpful .
10/10 recommend for getting wisdom teeth extracted no place better in town !
dr. shapiro is simply amazing .
it is so easy to see dr. smith .
she 's right in the target at rivergate , so parking is a breeze .
that 's a big deal for a father !
no doubt about it ... she was the difference !
i am in the medicare industry and have been for years .
i have been around a good many physicians , medical and clinical talent galore .
i say this , not as a cheerleader ... ..at all .
i say this with all sincerity .
such a wonderful experience all ways around .
excellent service from beginning to end !
my 26 year old son is autistic .
he had a uti .
everyone was helpful and very sensitive to his needs .
the time spent was as long as any dr. appointment would be .
ca n't say enough good for entire staff !
that makes me sad .
mark & eric too .
they were also great .
i am blessed and moving forward to complete my journey now .
i am healing well and have had no complications .
thank you , dr. citro !
i love foothills sports medicine physical therapy ! !
the staff is professional , friendly , and welcoming .
the atmosphere is pleasant , supportive , and always very clean .
the staff is extremely caring and motivated to help get you back on track .
i would never go anywhere else after being here .
patrick and all the crew are awesome .
their service is on point all the time .
the prices are some of the best in vegas .
and they actually know about the product .
what an awesome experience !
their approach seemed too conservative and too gentle .
that always makes a dental visit better .
i highly recommend this place and will be going back .
accompanied my husband to get his night doses of sleep aid .
also , they check your photo id to make sure your legal .
then you pick out what you need .
purchase was a smooth process .
about a year ago i found karen after doing some research online .
i signed up for three sessions as part of a weight loss program .
according to karen , eliminating these foods would lead to many improvements .
karen told me that many things would change .
she told me not to expect overnight results .
this was not a quick fix .
i admit that i was skeptical at first .
it all sounded too good to be true .
but i trusted in her method .
the weight loss would come , i was assured .
still , she did not give up .
in the last year , everything that karen said during our first visit happened !
sometimes so slowly that i barely noticed .
initially , it was reduced inflammation and very little weight loss .
however , as karen had told me , the weight came off .
looking back , it is amazing how far i 've come .
i have lost 50 lbs .
in as many weeks .
i sleep more soundly and do not feel tired when i wake up anymore .
i feel happier , clearer and more energized mentally .
i am glad that i did .
dr. pasetti was extremely helpful in offering great advice and options moving forward .
the staff was exceptional , friendly and top notch .
i highly recommend him and this medical office .
great facility , very nice and knowledgeable staff .
really helped me strengthen my knee .
i 'd highly recommend them to anyone .
gorgeous building and the place is decorated so cute !
i had my consultation with melissa who was ever so pleasant .
they offer water , beer or champagne lol ! !
ca n't wait to post my results
this was my first visit to imr with elliot .
i decided to come due to the great reviews and now i know why .
the office is clean , modern , and welcoming .
i also used the coupon deal : )
dr.spring is an extremely conservative and caring professional .
and the actual surgery was a breeze .
my follow-up appointments confirmed that she did an excellent job !
thank you , dr. liang !
now i know personally why there are so many positive reviews for you !
and they are all well deserved !
stocked up on goodies for new years .
this place is pretty spacious and have a huge selection of alcohol .
i was surprised to see that they put in a bar .
dr. joseph candela is the best ! !
i have never experienced a doctor that cares so much for his patients .
i usually am seen without 5 to 15 minutes of my appointed time .
his pa , kelly , is also wonderful .
i ca n't say enough about how wonderful they are .
they both truly care ... and that 's not easily found anymore .
since august we have experienced nothing but excellent and friendly healthcare .
the staff is caring and you never feel rushed .
great for all ages .
thank you sonora quest for having online scheduling .
i was in and out in about 10 minutes .
this new process is fantastic !
the service desk was prompt .
the kindest dentistry i 've ever been a part of !
supremely clean , and a happy atmosphere !
the staff is very friendly and professional .
they kick whole f_ _ds you know what !
the staff is very knowledgeable and extremely personable .
pure health is my one and only choice for health food in the valley !
well worth the monthly membership .
super clean spa and if you have never floated , you must try it .
i prefer the open rooms to the pods , and h20 offers this ! !
we were seen right away , it was clean and not busy .
i 'll be back for future visits if i have a emergency .
two crowns and two fillings replaced in one appointment .
friendliest most professional staff anywhere .
the equipment is cutting edge technology .
you can watch your crown being cut in the office .
fantastic service and results .
wish we had places like this back home .
winnie was stellar with the stitching .
as far as gyms go , this one is pretty good .
the machines are always in working order and it 's pretty clean .
all of the cardio machines have tvs with cable , which is nice .
also , they sell smoothies that are really tasty .
the staff that monitor the parking are d-backs employees .
there are two different men that work in the parking lot .
the lot will be full but there are only three people in the gym .
today i picked up my wife after a stay at this superb facility !
i am delighted with their services .
karen and emmanuel are amazing at what they do .
great service and lot 's of choices for eyewear .
they are a little pricey , but worth the costs .
i love my norman child 's glasses for the style and the fit .
you owe it to yourself to be treated at simply skin las vegas .
anahit did my consultation .
mari , one of the laser technicians , lasered me during my first appointment .
i ca n't wait for my next session
i have been dr. peters for several years at this location .
she is professional and friendly and the office is beautiful .
the staff are helpful and wonderful too .
dr. peters truly provides the best dental treatment ever .
this place is a hidden gem in las vegas .
me and my husband had been going to a different foot spa location .
this is definitely our new favorite foot spa spot !
whole foods is a great place to find anything allergy free !
thank god for whole foods .
they have so many options for me .
so if you have food allergies , this is the place for you .
sometimes , they can be better .
really , love the quality organic wine selection .
this is the only place i shop for groceries other than meat .
i am so grateful for ryk yoga and meditation center .
it has been my saving grace in my awakening journey .
kundalini yoga was love at first sight for me .
it was a technology i was looking for all my life .
i did the teacher training in 2018 in order to dive deeper .
through the teachings , i gathered so much information that was n't available elsewhere .
but what was more valuable was how much it changed me for the better .
i was able to shed so many layers that was no longer serving me .
i was able to reprogram patterns that were destructive and outdated .
kundalini yoga is the perfect tool to do just do and more .
fabulous nicole and crew capture the essence of yoga each saturday .
i find myself saying at the end of the session must i go now ?
truly a wonderful way to end a week or ease into a monday .
great people and service .
the explained everything in detail .
highly recommend ! ! !
in and out really quick .
the people that work there are amazing !
i 'll definitely be a loyal customer every trip i make .
this is definitely the only dispensary that i 'll patronize while in vegas !
and the candies are good too !
dental fears are gone .
doing implants ( even threw in a bleaching during my visit today ! )
i have no pain while he works on me , or after my appt !
staff is friendly and helpful .
i recommend this dentist to all
dr. o'donnell is amazing !
an absolute life changer !
i was way over due for a beautiful smile .
thank you thank you thank you ! ! !
michelle did a great job as well ; )
i can now honestly say i do not fear going to the dentist .
they explain everything to you and answer any questions you may have .
i would definitely recommend this place they 're awesome !
i bought the yearly membership and the price for the massages are extremely reasonable .
there is also no contract or minimum visit required for the membership .
if there was an additional star.. i would give 6 !
options changed my life .
i did the fast options program !
the guidance and information i received here was amazing .
so growing up in nyc spoiled me for medical care .
the staff is professional , courteous and actually remember you from previous visits .
i 've never had to wait too long .
i can happily recommend this medical care facility to one and all .
and now when i go to nyc it 's for fun !
i was not rushed , or made to feel unimportant .
dr. kelsch and his team took care of me and my family .
this experience was so wonderful i would n't of minded the scar .
you will not find a better surgeon i can guarantee it !
this ai n't your every day run-of-the-mill massage stop .
and of course , the convenience of online booking .
the lighting and rock salt lamp set the ambience perfectly .
not to mention informative .
went in for a 90-minute cbd massage with chris .
# toolegit one of the best massages i 've had in a while .
seriously could 've melted into the table .
and that 's more aligned with my goal & focus right now .
will be sure to update the review after an ast session .
my husband and i loved the pepperoni bread .
ate it in the car cause we couldnt wait ... it was hot !
bought a whole tenderloin for a dinner party and it was perfect .
and we cant say enough about the crab dip .
served as an appetizer and everyone raved about it .
friendly and helpful staff as well .
will go back often !
dr. miska thomson was amazing with him .
the true test though was returning the next week .
our third session he did the same thing .
from there we will see what is best for eli and my budget .
just got my lasik done two weeks ago and i love it !
it was super easy and painless and i would highly recommend dr. rothman !
if only every doctors appointment were this easy !
i would highly recommend to anyone !
my son has been going here and he loves it .
there is a family atmosphere with professional staff .
we love dr. hoffman .
he put braces on both of my daughters .
he is always friendly and upbeat .
the braces look great .
