total bill for this horrible service ?
these crooks actually had the nerve to charge us $ 69 for 3 pills .
i checked online the pills can be had for 19 cents each !
avoid hospital ers at all costs .
he promises great things them butchers your body .
i should have left my body alone .
it was not bad .
i was out to perfect it .
we often talk about how he ruined a good body .
i will never forget his dirty nasty slippers coming into the operating room .
i should have run from the room then .
i just had a terrible experience with dr. jennifer vonya-novak 's front office .
i changed my primary care to dr. novak .
l left , went home and called a 8 am , no answer .
i found her very condescending .
i have been getting monthly massages here for the past five months .
a couple of the therapists are good , and some lack experience .
yet the gentleman working the front desk clearly remembered scheduling that appointment with me .
he blamed it on glitchy new scheduling software .
i was extremely disappointed and embarrassed , since it was a gift .
but what else could we do but reschedule ?
so he again rescheduled .
this is getting ridiculous , and i 'm considering canceling my membership over it .
absolute waste of money .
the employee was very sweet , but do n't waste your money .
this place would get 1 star if the customer service sucked .
she was lacking in compassion , clarity , kindness , and professional ethics .
do not waste your time with dr. brown !
do your research people , this place is completely unprofessional .
my lips were extremely painful , swollen , bruised , and disproportioned .
choose a good md .
i believed her and had my blood drawn at their lab .
i immediately called lifescape and left a message , no one replied .
i believed them and left .
but a few weeks later i received another bill .
i called them a few more times explaining the issue .
i 'm really disappointed .
how can people trust them if they do business like that ! ! !
2. the waiting time in the clinic is too long .
i always have to wait there for 30-50 minutes passed the appointment time .
3. they do n't have xray machines .
good luck getting an appointment before you end up in the e.r .
do n't go here .
especially not for a full hour table massage .
i 'll spare the details , but i definitely do n't recommend this place .
they worry about their therapist but not their customers .
they said that 's the least they charge .
normally it 's full price of your service .
i was sent to vision source south hills for a second opinion .
however , i was incredibly displeased with how i was treated by the staff .
a month later , i received my refund along with an updated billing statement .
amongst the revised patient/insurance payment was a statement describing why the revision was necessary .
at this point , i do not see myself returning in the future .
i hate the customer service here but love the products .
maybe things are starting to look up here .
it needs to because there is never anybody in this store .
they are probably busy on saturdays .
he did n't know that by now ? ? ? ? ?
the waiting time for this location is 2hrs plus .
i would not go to this location ! ! ! !
i was told he is the best .
my daughter has multiple disabilities from a tbi .
she only has the use of that one arm/shoulder .
of course the doctor knew her condition at the first appointment .
shots in the shoulder and neck did not relieve the pain .
then she was prescribed with pain meds .
this went on another few years .
she was crying in pain everyday and in the night too .
she cried and `` begged '' me to cut off her arm several times .
we finally went back to lederman again .
then he walked out .
like he did not already know her condition from day one .
i got new glasses , lenses and a new hard lens here .
first they lost the order for my eyeglasses .
so getting my glasses took over two months .
that did n't happen so i called to ask about it .
this all again took several months .
but i 'm going back to oakland i guess .
the office staff just ca n't handle anything .
so mary and her husband came out and assembled a few pieces .
some large , some small .
all in all they did a very good job and were polite .
i think that we extended the same courtesy .
we actually asked them to come back and do another small job .
we needed fixtures attached to all our cabinets and drawers .
i told her , no problem .
i was ok. then ... ... silence .
never heard back from her again .
i know mary got my messages because i had gotten read receipts .
she just completely ignored me .
it was all very strange .
stephen w. said `` they 're real pros '' i beg to differ .
professionals who own and run their business should always respond to it 's customers .
i have never waited less than forty five minutes to see my doctor .
people go to spine specialists because they 're in pain .
please stop over booking .
biggest complaint - not one of the employees acknowledge you .
i will never recommend this place to anyone .
i had to decline her 4 times .
again , i had a miscarriage .
there is no compassion here .
if i could give less than one star i would .
i am incredibly disappointed after reading all these great reviews .
perhaps the doctor is great , but his staff is awful .
i called to say i was running late .
left a message because no one answered .
she claims she called me back but it did n't go through .
apparently she hit the call back button and it did n't go through .
that was the only attempt she made .
she did n't bother to actually dial the number i left .
she tells me she ca n't get me in until next tuesday .
she calls in a gentleman who is the only one who says halfway nice .
he steps out and sends in another woman who is also awful .
but they managed to change that .
god forbid i get any more ill ...
i always hated urgent cares .
how is that even possible ?
$ 110.35 for ten packs , vs $ 60.00 at local pharmacy .
i can guarantee you roadrunner pharmacy has gotten their last dime from me .
wow , guess my review was a bit premature .
i knew this already and was not going to choose either plan that day .
had i not gone over my charges as usual i would have missed it .
or , will you have insurance this year ? ?
this is supposed to be a dental practice helping/caring for patients .
where do i begin ?
how she has a job i will never know ! !
you may if your lucky get 25mins with a doctor a week .
clai was completely unprofessional and no way should be employed as a therapist .
she is going to get someone hurt or worse .
update**** i will never contact this dick face that commented .
got referred to this place by my hmo insurance care practitioner .
i went in there because i have pain on my arm socket and shoulder .
first visit , $ 70 co-pay .
still have the same shoulder and arm pain .
will be looking for another orthopedic doctor soon .
i went to see dr. miner for contact lenses .
i was told i needed to see dr. miner again .
i 've been growing and also a consumer of cannabis for over 20 years .
her response was that she could give me 10 % off another eighth .
all the bud was still in the container .
buyers beware : do n't let the size fool you .
this place lacks quality .
you just lost a loyal and high spending customer .
set up your game !
very cheap though and affordable .
but not for me .
i 'm used to getting a deep massage .
i will take my business elsewhere .
i mean really , this is ridiculous .
i will provide a time frame for this adventure .
current time of yelping : 6:20pm .
waiting ... ... . took picture of levine 's children 's room .
current time of yelping : 8:35pm .
current time of yelping : 8:35pm .
waiting ... ... ... . current time of yelping : 9:03pm .
waiting ... ... ... . they just called our name ... ... woo hooo .
current time of yelping : 9:23pm .
current time of yelping : 9 37pm .
waiting ... ... ... . dr came in ... ... still waiting .
when it comes down to being a doctor , they are the worst .
miss diagnosed 3 times and let alone the prices for all their treatments .
over all , my doctor now .
is not a doctor at all ! ! ! ! !
i am also trying to get my records and serum ... total nightmare !
the worst neurologist doctor in all of las vegas .
unprofessional attitude and he talked down to me as if i did something horrible .
he cut me off every time i spoke dismissing my concerns .
he actually argued with me over the meaning of paralysis .
he is very mean , rude and arrogant .
he walked off as i was ushered to the front to schedule another appointment .
i left in tears and crying uncontrollably .
he lives up to his bad reviews !
his personality is as lively as a dead flower .
this man is extremely mean and arrogant .
i 've never seen an owner on yelp `` fight '' with negative reviewers .
unfortunately , this administrative fee will prevent me from ever going back .
it 's sad b/c i feel the care was really great .
i really only shop here because of convenience .
the items they do have are often overpriced .
you really have to plan ahead and shop the weekly deals .
if you do n't , you have to pay the price ... literally .
the staff is hit or miss .
this is everything that is wrong with economies of scale .
-you will spend excessive amounts of time on hold .
-you may never actually speak to a doctor .
-no one takes any personal responsibility .
working with toca has led to nothing but half-baked information and a huge hassle .
too big for their own good .
you will feel like a commodity and not a patient .
i agreed to take an earlier appointment which took a week 1/2 to get .
which i could 've gotten everything taken care in one visit .
then i had to schedule a new appointment an additional week out .
my daughter likes the way she was treated but their scheduling sucks ! ! !
i tried to order contacts online through another company because they were so expensive .
stay very , very far away .
my husband was with me and he was so shocked he was literally speechless .
extremely rude , extremely poor customer service , not to mention extremely hurtful .
the owners/managers/whoever will be getting a letter from me shortly .
very rude over the phone when trying to get directions .
thanks for making me drive across town and getting horrible service
a patient for the past three years , with biannual check ups .
every time i leave after my appointment i ask myself why ?
without a doubt the most screwed up business i have ever seen .
their `` central '' appointment center is a disaster .
they have supposedly been scheduling same for three days now .
by far one of the worst massage places ever .
the lady answered phone calls and greeyed people at the door during my massage .
they flaunt the ability to make an appointment .
however , well good luck with that .
be sure you catch them at a good time .
i was treated for a leg wound by a wonderful pa , misty .
however , today i had some questions about the wound dressing .
that was over 5 hours ago .
they close at 6. so i called back .
and was told that he was `` too busy '' to talk to me .
i will call back and talk to misty tomorrow .
i know she will call me back .
i paid with my own funds and left .
i was throughly shocked that this happened .
what in anyone 's right mind that this was ok to say to someone ?
i 'm open to dialogue around it .
all the other doctors/dentists that have seen me have never asked .
i asked them to call and they said no .
i told them i knew my number and they said no .
some really great produce prices , which are what pulled us in .
bulk food section was small-ish , i though .
i think walnuts are more at rbn , though .
basically - do n't believe the low price claims !
i think we may go back for produce and that may be it .
parking is covered which is oh so nice .
one negative for families is no changing table in the bathrooms .
yeah , the floor was pretty clean , but still .
not a good thing for families !
do not use this lens crafters !
we paid a lot of money for prescription sunglasses and eye glasses !
we live 40 minutes away !
i received a text that my glasses are in .
my husband drove to pick them up ?
they told him they only have my sunglasses !
he leaves 10 minutes later i get a text glasses are in !
my other glasses were ther .
they never even looked !
we will never use this place again !
unfortunately the pearson eye group also will lose us as customers !
we spend over $ 1000 a year at lens crafters !
the `` quicklift '' was neither quick or a lift .
i look exactly the same and maybe even worse .
i had a similar experience that amanda f. had .
the first time here was odd because they had to stick me twice .
but eventually everything worked it ... for this first time .
this time , they stuck me and messed up .
i had to holler out for them to take care of the issue .
i have n't been back and do n't ever intend to .
this place has given me a fear of needles that i never had before .
just a couple people know what they 're doing .
they all seem to be fresh out of school or something .
i was told no , they had to keep rooms open for emergencies .
so wait , my dizzy and feel like passing out is n't emergent enough ?
a 2-hour wait with a mere 4 patients in the waiting room is ridiculous .
if i had n't felt so yucky i would have left .
unless they make some changes , i recommend finding another urgent care .
the worst receptionists are rude and unhelpful .
they do not waste a minute getting your money ! !
a disorganized rip off .
slowest and worst customer service ever .
always under staffed always slooow .
they have the monopoly for 2 reasons .
well update on the third try getting an adjustment here : 15 min wait .
defeats the concept of easy and fast adjustments totally .
i never have that problem at the charleston location .
damaging to the brand and annoying .
unfortunately that doctor was unavailable so i was paired with dr. howard .
( medication that contained an active drug that i was allergic to . )
the experience was horrible and the quality of care is non-existent .
this hospital does not care for its patients nor their well-being .
a fairly regular customer that will not be returning ever .
umm no sorry not ever returning
my unpleasant experience occurred a few years ago , and i have not returned .
i initially sought their medical advice on a recommendation from a friend .
he was wonderful , attentive , and detailed .
blood was taken and a follow-up appointment was set to go over the results .
this was the most insulting experience i ever had with a doctor .
she said all my levels were normal except for my liver enzymes .
huge red flag ! ! !
and i 'm talking about a glass of red wine .
she basically called me an alcoholic .
and on that list ... . hypothyroidism .
i have a medical background .
this was the worse experience i have ever been a victim of .
this doctor clearly did n't care about my ongoing health .
i do n't know if she is still there .
i think her name was jessica .
but that experience will keep me from ever wanting to return .
my biggest gripe was the mixing of low and high-functioning patients .
my doctor here , william bauer , was pretty nice yet very to-the-point .
a bit of an abrasive bedside manner , if you ask me .
i personally feel there are better facilities in the area .
go here only as a true last resort .
if you complain they send a letter saying they will no longer see you
sunday morning without a reservation is a 4 hour wait .
one person called every hour to fill spots vacated by no shows .
since they have nothing ready for me .
when i asked `` how can i prevent this from happening again ? ''
i called the `` hotel doctor '' last night .
told him my issue and he asked me to hold on .
the er happily took my money and helped me out .
the hotel doctor is a joke that just wants to overcharge desperate tourists .
what a horrible way to run a business !
it 's difficult scheduling an appointment .
i 'm not alone with my review .
i 'm not their only patient in need of care .
i hear the doctors at md anderson cancer center are great .
it 's the difficulty in getting an appointment scheduled .
again , the doctor i will be seeing gets outstanding reviews .
that describes 360 physical therapy in gilbert .
i was recently referred there after having knee surgery .
do you think i would schedule that very important appointment incorrectly in my records ?
i wish i could give -5 stars .
i waited an hour and 45 mins to see the doc , germaine .
he talks in circles and never explains your condition , or lack off .
i finally had enough and told him exactly what i thought of him .
horrid bedside manner , condescending , nasty , disrespectful , etc , etc .
really , no kidding !
i was so furious !
i have never been to a doctors office that actually had a freaking bouncer .
run from this office !
i was a patient of dr. lind .
looked past that and this week had terrible pain in my foot .
never heard from them again .
the park road office has terrible management and are very unprofessional .
i advise getting to a podiatrist who has his office managed well .
i have never been treated so badly by a physicians office .
this place is a complete price gouging rip off !
the environment is nice but the way they do things are almost too nice .
i went in for a cleaning and it took them 15 mins or less .
this doctor gave my phone number to a omega-3 supplement company without my permission !
where are your morals ? !
cancelling my future appointment .
will never go back .
when i asked if it was an infection , he said no .
overall , he was condescending towards me and not helpful .
hopefully my new ophthalmologist will perform the necessary tests and answer my questions respectfully .
my girlfriend had to splint it correctly ! ! ! !
i tried this place for the last time .
such a rip off .
dont go just because its convenient .
update : i have been a loyal customer for going on 8 years .
i am very pissed off , and have every right to be .
stay far away , and do not ever go here .
original : my massage therapist is jon .
i came out with just as many black heads as i did going in .
it was not worth the 70 plus tip for an hour .
what a horrible practice ! !
they schedule appointments on top of one another .
they ushered me into an exam room very shortly thereafter .
here 's where it gets ugly .
i 'm sitting in the exam room for a good 10 minutes .
i hear the door to the exam room directly next to mine open .
then i hear this : '' hello , mr. ____ , i 'm dr .
this is blatantly rude , greedy , and unkind .
i strapped my leg brace back on and crutched right out the door !
as i 'm leaving they 're yelling at my back -- - '' hey !
where are you going ? ''
so i replied -- '' i know when i 'm being played . ''
and kept thumping my way out the door .
the 2 other poor saps were still waiting in the waiting room .
with a 3 pm appointment like mine .
did i mention that someone else spoke up that had a 3:15 appointment ?
i got to the elevator at 4:15 pm .
would be the kind and polite thing to do .
dr. amon ferry needs a good wake up call .
or maybe a slap to the head or a kick to the tender area .
my appointment was ages ago , and i 'm still angry .
looks like i 'm not the only one dealing with the annoying rude receptionist .
anne marie does an excellent job , no doubt about it .
probably because the appointment i made was in a week .
she dare to accused me of not properly book the appointment online .
she said nothing was on the requested appointment .
i 'm always very thorough with my bookings .
she actually went in and changed my name to his ?
yup , what a moron , super incompetent .
she said , `` it does n't allow you to do that . ''
by the way , i checked again and screenshot the note section .
on the elements massage site breaks down by time slot and therapist .
i wanted anna marie , so i choose her time slot .
the moron started to ask me what massage pressure i want .
she told me , anna marie does n't do deep tissue .
so if i want that i have to change therapist .
anna marie does do deep tissue massage .
as you can see , super irritated with this moron .
trying to move schedule around for what ?
for her faves for have more scheduling or something ?
for sure wo n't be going back her to deal with this moron .
went there on 1/3/2014 after purchasing vouchers for myself and 2 friends .
the massage was not the best .
the pressure was inadequate .
we had to comply in order to leave .
it was very uncomfortable .
this place is an abomination .
i have had 2 showers and 1 bed bath since my check in .
the occupational therapy is pretty much a joke .
when i got to my appointment they forgot to send my x-rays with me !
the director of nursing is just as bad .
everyone i talk to here have nothing nice to say about this place .
things here seem to grow legs .
all in all , this was the most miserable medical experience of my life .
run , do n't walk from this office .
in the past 12 months alot of staff turn over .
? , is very depressing decor and colors and the place smells too .
its gone from bad to worse .
do n't chance it , skip this facility , for $ 6,000 .
+ a month , this is pure corporate greed at its worst .
what 's the point of an appointment time .
will not be rescheduling .
plan to taken hours off work if you go .
i 'm actually writing this review in regards to the x-ray tech .
could not believe how my mouth hurt for days after .
to bad the dentist has to suffer because of her techs .
i found this place via groupon and decided to give it a try .
what was not ok was an unspoken minimum $ 10 tip .
if i could give a rating for zero stars i would .
we were treated with anything but respect and dignity .
saw this pharmacy was near by and needed a prescription filled .
a cvs pharmacy on a saturday should be open , right ? !
the pharmacy closes at 6 on saturday .
i asked the cashier who was sitting on her cell phone for assistance .
should n't have even bothered .
expect a long wait .
i waited about 2 hours just to be seen .
bring a book or laptop or sleeping bag !
only good thing is , parking is easy and convenient .
are you kidding ? ? !
your stuff is already overpriced and it 's weird to ask !
i had already purchased the 3 so i wanted to finish them .
let 's just hope i do n't see these fools outside their job .
products frequently precipitate , orders are never on time , customer service is terrible
wow what a crazy first impression ! ! !
completely disrespectful of people 's time ! !
i went to this location a few months ago but forgot to leave feedback .
i was sore the next day from the spots where it was painful .
their office staff are rude as heck ! ! !
do these people ever pick up the phone ?
i need an appointment .
at this point i 'm asking the dr for someone else .
i did n't have to wait on evdi .
in ten minutes had an appointment and they where nice on the phone .
i still have nothing from natalie pyles , personal trainer .
also works out of fitness elements .
her facebook page is just as ridiculous as she is .
a group of us are getting together to present something .
it is may , 2017 , and still not one cent .
check her out on facebook , and you will see what i mean .
there i found 2 0f the three things i went out for .
i am certain that this is stomach flu not only food poisoning .
i had stomach flu in college .
i know the difference .
super bowl sunday was ruined .
i have never eaten their prepared food .
i never will eat or shop there at that location .
i am from austin .
i know and like whole foods , but this place is terrible .
first visit was quite helpful .
i will order from the soap company directly from now on .
i wo n't be back .
if you are thinking about bringing your compound pharmacy needs here - do n't !
this month i called in my refill 8 days prior to needing it .
they said it would be delivered on the 22nd ( a week away ) .
there was no delivery on the 22nd so i called on the 23rd .
the earliest they could get it done was in 7 days .
they said again , 7 days .
the doctors are limited in time and knowledge .
not to mention an average office visit is $ 175 .
the staff often seemed clueless and rude .
not sure how or if there is any regulatory organization monitoring this tragedy .
the selection is not terribly wide .
given its proximity to penmac , its tiny cheese section felt embarrassingly pathetic .
its price does n't seem to be competitve either .
one of which was a painful biopsy .
this has thus far turned out to be false .
this also has thus far turned out to be false .
the office staff blamed corporate .
corporate tried to blame the office staff .
not because it 's necessary .
they sprung a painful biopsy on me during an office visit .
as far as the biopsy , another requirement of bcbs .
i had the same screening 14 months prior .
again , they told me it had expired .
a screening that according to my age , i only need every 5 years .
they have also refused to explain why they put me through a painful biopsy .
i will also mention they use an out of network anesthesiologist .
she told me she 'd balance bill me for any co-insurance or deductibles .
that 's not balance billing !
i am fully aware it 's my responsibility to verify my own insurance benefits/requirements .
hoping other women do not end up going through a similar experience as mine .
there 's a reason this review is still posted here and elsewhere .
huge scam ! ! ! !
this place over charged me for services for my wife .
they made me feel stupid for being concerned .
i never received that explanation of benefits .
by reading the other comments it looks like they ripped off many people .
please stay away from this business .
someone should report them to the irs and the authorities .
was told i could cancel by submitting a written letter to cancel .
i told her i 'd find the number myself ( which i did ) .
she called me and left a couple of voicemails ! !
dr. zak is very unprofessional and hateful .
there is a difference between 'not sugar coating things ' and being completely inappropriate .
if i could give zero stars i would .
do not go here if you are pregnant .
i 've had three massages here over the last six years .
my 60-minute massage lasted 48 minutes and was below average .
i already paid though so i suppose i am stuck for now .
now the is n't anyone at reception at all .
i 'm leaving , this is ridiculous .
i threw up in the waiting room for an hour before being called .
the lack of knowledge displayed from the entire staff baffled me .
i then waiting for 20 minutes before anyone came in to check on me .
he never looked at me or examined to ensure i was okay .
the lack of knowledge , compassion , and assistance at this office is sick .
also.. you will wait 1 to 2 hours past your appointment time .
please do not go here .
please take a patients allergies seriously when the clearly spell them out for you .
oh and have you ever heard of hippa ?
i was seen here today by np rebecca gonzales .
she is unfriendly , uncaring and unprofessional .
i felt like she was annoyed that i was there .
she did not bother to hear/listen to me about my illness .
she had her mind made up and that was it .
the rest of the staff was professional and friendly and the facility was clean .
.. do n't think i 'll be going back anymore waste of money for sure
friends and i were looking to kill time before dinner .
it 's a little hard to see from the road .
honestly , this place did n't feel clean .
the leg/foot massage itself was not very comfortable .
like , it was painful and i usually have a high threshold for pain .
i did n't leave feeling relaxed .
i would n't recommend this place .
i was in vegas last week with three of my friends .
this was one of the worst massage experiences i 've ever had .
the employees were rude and scammed us out of our money .
we quickly argued this fee since it did not state it on the groupon .
but again the groupon did n't state anything about any additional fees .
yes , you read that correctly .
they wanted me to pay more for less service .
the massage was not great at all .
the guy i had was really rude and unpleasant .
this is a horrible establishment and people should go elsewhere .
think twice before buying this groupon ... horrible experience ...
sorry when did tips become mandatory ?
at 50.00 10.00 is 20 % why do they think they should get more ?
and if they do i have the right to decide that not them .
loved them for years now i am not returning .
plenty of places on spring mountain to try for massages .
we 'll go to another location .
this year being over eighty you would think more attentive treatment would be given .
he was given medicine that was shooting pains in his head .
he made his appointment with same complaint .
it was cancelled without notice .
he drove 30 miles to just be turned around .
nothing resolved new appointment .
i can find no reason for this type of treatment of a patient ever !
each visit i interacted with new staff members that were `` in training '' .
i would expect better from a board certified doctor 's office .
i do not recommend this facility for non invasive work performed by technicians
i was not happy at all with my experience here .
we did n't have to wait for a table and got seated right away .
the store looked really busy .
i ordered poutine and salad .
both of the were awful and the fries was cold .
the salad had no flavouring nor seasoning .
it was honestly horrible .
i would have done a better job doing a salad .
the fries for the poutine was cold but the sauce was lukewarm .
i genuinely did not like the food but thats not a major issue .
i 've been there before and i would 've just let it pass .
every restaurant had bad day .
i 've been here twice and their food last time was good .
the waiters seemed really uninterested and only came by once to change our water .
here is where my frustration is .
the bill costed me 19.78 and i give a 20 dollar bill .
she asked me change and i said no .
it makes no sense getting change for few cents .
she then looks at me and asks me that she wants tip .
i was speechless not because of the tip but because she was very rude .
my friends are there too and they were also asked for tip .
i only heard 'tip . '
and she said that there was a 15 % tip requirement .
i then ask her how much 15 % would be .
the tip was n't even going to the chefs .
which again , the food was bad .
honestly , i would have left the bad food get away .
i did tip her at the end of the day .
few bucks was really not the issue .
it was how badly i was treated that day .
i will not be visiting again .
that being said , the clinical staff at udhs is truly excellent .
all have been extremely friendly and polite .
the wait time is typically between 10 and 15 minutes .
the dentists are also wonderful .
dr. christine wankiiri-hale is exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable .
otherwise , i recommend their clinical expertise .
the customer service is poor , extremely poor .
first i have visited many foot spas .
then she said `` you want to add $ 20 tip '' ?
i said , i 'll add a tip when the massage is done .
i said , i would give a good tip if the massage was good .
she said , `` this is not a restaurant '' .
within about 2 minutes the phone rang and she ran to answer it .
then , came back and resumed the massage .
then she came back in with the phone , talking .
i asked if she could call that person back .
she said no , because it was her insurance agent .
i asked again if she could call back .
then she said to me , `` just give me 5 minutes '' .
she left the room .
i got up , got dressed and went out to the lobby .
i told her i needed a refund and i was leaving .
she told me `` you saw me hang up '' .
i said , i came to relax and you have answered the phone twice .
i really just want to get a refund .
she said she could not reverse the charge on my credit card .
so , she then reached in her wallet and gave me $ 50 .
she said she will try to refund $ 10 .
do n't go here .
plus the area is a bit sketchy !
has anyone gotten their money back from scammer natalie pyles ?
another lie from this fake .
do not sign her for personal training .
i just spent an evening with food poisining .
i had the soup/salad/cornbread combo .
soup was carrot lime .
i 'm a musician and this was my pre-show meal .
i thought i was doing something good for myself .
turns out something in the ingredients was bad or dirty .
i had to bow out of the show .
just thought if let everyone know .
might not be so `` fresh '' at fresh .
so here 's how my visit goes -- literally like 4 mins .
i need new shades and i have a aaa-membership -- win win .
i do not need a prescription , just the glasses .
husband stays in car because i am gon na be that quick .
try on a pair .
try on another pair .
have you been helped ? ''
and my response is `` no ! ''
i understand that you are going to close in 15 mins .
and that you have lives to live .
and today , you did a very bad job .
but today was bad ! !
3.25.18 4:40 pm 7700 w. arrowhead glendale , az
i get a reminder call for my appointment .
my dr. is great been visiting this practice for 15 years .
the front office needs a lot of work .
time to look for another dr .
absolutely some of the worst customer service i 've ever had .
first they repeatedly `` lost '' the credit card numbers we had on file .
avoid at all costs .
i tried to make my daughter an appointment to see the pediatrician .
i did n't even make it past the front office girls .
i guess we will just find another pediatrician that is more understanding .
unfortunately a very weird and average massage .
not relaxing therefore a low rating .
dr. brown was very cold and impersonal .
the worst experience in my entire life .
would give negative stars if i could .
try basically any other plasma center than grifols/biomat/talecris .
by far one of the worst doctor 's offices i 've ever been to .
i had no chance to ask any questions yet alone discuss my concerns .
she had the worst attitude i 've ever seen .
do n't come to this place ! !
the staff was friendly and the visit was quick .
once we got the bill though , we were extremely disappointed .
we will not be going here again .
drive just another minute south to a totally different urgent care with honest workers .
pretty disappointing sleep study .
i almost walked out as soon as i got there .
my husband has really good coverage and they where in plan $ 20 .
we wont begoing back there after that .
i 'm about ready to leave .
i 've been here since 10:00 am for a 10:15 appointment .
i 've been sitting in the examining room for a half hour .
i had hoped the waiting time issue had been resolved but it has not .
i 'm back to a one star review at this point .
i 'll find a practice that respects my time .
like any other whole foods .
atleast aj 's staff knows extensively what their product is and super friendly .
for organic produce i rather go to sprouts .
thanks but no thanks .
do n't use the on-line booking tool !
i was told to come back in 2 days .
calling my primary to use another provider .
the front desk staff are nasty , rude people !
as if we enjoyed going in !
otherwise we , would n't go in !
the definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result .
i must be insane ! ! !
i 've been coming here for years and nothing has changed .
the front office staff is still just as rude as ever .
that is so sanitary ! !
the reviews are not exaggerated they are the truth .
never coming back ! ! ! !
went to there order corner near the salad bar buffet .
needless to say i wo n't be returning to this place !
i was absolutely upset with my experience today .
i went for an appointment at the chandler location , and saw dr. le .
do n't they have records for that reason ? ?
dr. le was hard to understand and did n't seem helpful at all .
doctor green is a joke .
sounds like his problem not mine !
i made an appointment with another doctor today .
i do n't see how it can get any worse .
is n't that what you 're there for ?
he ridicules people and has a really bad attitude .
just walked out after waiting two hours for a chest x-ray .
unfortunately it is the only diagnostic test you ca n't make an appointment for .
it has since been countless calls , 2 messages and 2 emails .
this `` spa '' is a scam .
wo n't ever go back there .
if you want an overpriced hack job , this soul-sucking spot might be okay .
blue please ... .thanx mom , that 's what i thought you wanted .
what ? ? ? ? ? ?
you 're the professionals - you did not ask the correct / all questions .
do not go to this walmart - they are idiots !
soo i go here based on reviews ! ! !
wish i had n't .
appt time for my daughter was 1:30pm ! !
we left at 5 mins till 5pm ? ? ?
took almost 4 hrs to extract 1 tooth .
but service was soooooo slow .
we will never come back here again for any dental work !
we were the only ones in the lobby .
i was a patient there for several years .
they have a couple great doctors who deserve better .
she began by saying i understand you do n't want to take a physical .
none of that was in the conversation .
she was one of the least personable people i have spoken to .
i found out about 3 months later that i was still without life insurance .
i wish doc mike had better help .
for the record doc mike is great , they just need better management .
dr. angel is a sweetheart and she has ( mostly ) an amazing staff .
but do n't expect any type of customer service from the girls up front .
if i could give a zero i would .
i am currently going to pick up my child from the hospital .
they have lied to us about everything .
then their story changed but i have the proof .
he made her think these drugs were the answer .
she was not following the program and they allowed it .
my daughter did n't like him either .
they told her dad that she requested to be in the outpatient program .
they were like a cult when it comes to her treatment .
there is soooo much more inconsistencies .
they gave her drugs against our requests .
but i am sure they do n't care at all about that .
so she will have to wait longer .
very bad experience..luckily i have proof of all the inconsistent stories and lies .
so , this two-star review is n't for her part .
i took my paperwork from my np and headed over there .
as i was leaving , i heard them still talking about it .
i made my boyfriend go back with me and hold my hand .
massage therapists are awesome but front desk is terrible .
sucks but it is what it is .
sad that i will have to find a new therapist .
i wanted to write a brief update of my smi experience .
doctor called in prescription on 4/18 .
told on 4/19 that i had 3 times to pick up next day .
friday partell called system down had to pick up tuesday .
tuesday told not ready will deliver thursday .
called friday said they would deliver between 6-8 pm .
what kind of service is this ?
it 's now been one week and a half !
no excuse for this bad service !
others reviews are on point .
made an appt for 4 o'clock .
was told to go in 15 mins early to do paperwork .
at 5 o'clock i was still waiting .
people ca n't get service without being loud and rude and complaining ?
if they ca n't handle their workload then do n't schedule so many patients .
it 's not rocket science .
be prepared to pay out of pocket , in addition to your co-pay .
well , apparently the pa office is hurting to get every dollar possible !
while the staff were nice the wait was ridiculous .
it 's close to the strip so it 's mostly out of towners .
avoid it if possible unless you want to be there half a day .
they stated that someone would be in contact with me shortly .
no one called me back , and they charged my card the next day .
i feel dismissed and disrespected .
i learned the hard way that dr. welker is not the practitioner for me .
i had been searching for a cpap provider .
i finally got ahold of someone .
first , i am very happy with the diagnostic services at this location .
they are good about mailing you results , which is always an appreciated follow-up .
this is unacceptable way to do business .
i still have no credit .
i was in a car accident and referred here from my chiropractor .
doctor basically told the staff to tell me to make it last .
why am i being blamed ?
oh my god are you kidding me ? ? ! ! ! ! !
i had the most rude lady today drawing my blood .
the first thing she said to me is `` whats your problem ? ''
i told her i was just nervous and i hate getting blood taken .
she told me to deal with it because nobody likes it .
what the hell ? ? ! ! !
she needs to get fired asap ! !
she bruised me pretty bad !
i do n't know why i keep going back here ... convenience i guess .
this place is the worst though .
what 's up with that ?
ugh , next time i 'm going to costco ! !
so , i stumbled in , signed in & found a seat .
the services they provide are good .
their scheduling and billing are terrible at best .
the results were outstanding ! ! !
being on time and billing though are catastrophic .
usually , you wait 15-30 minutes beyond your scheduled time to see the doctor .
unfortunately , i had another immovable appointment i had to get to .
so we ran through everything and she suggested i do the immunotherapy .
that leaves me with my billing complaints .
i have been there 4 times .
for anyone in accounting is this gaap ?
heck no it is n't .
this is irs puts you in the pokey kind of accounting .
this place is in desperate need of a coo and a cfo .
and with her care and long hair products we do n't get split ends .
sincerely ben the receptionist and the clients that heard you on speakerphone .
can i give this place zero stars ? ?
i could write a negative book on this place .
so my friend two years ago recommended this place .
but they started getting shady about 6 months ago .
a different doctor every time .
then he started treating me like an imbecile and showed no good bedside manner .
can i curse in my review ?
going on good faith as i do care about my health .
um i am not a fool , a random doing invasive work !
i walked out getting nothing done and went for a second opinion somewhere else !
glad i did as what they said was an emergency was far from it !
especially if you do care about your health !
i have been told by everyone and their mother how great redemption psychiatry is .
to compare , i 'm paying $ 2.50/month for my current meds .
unfortunately that 's not the worst part .
instead , i was interrogated to admit that my dad abused me .
that had potential to ruin one of the most important relationships in my life .
i challenge everyone to be aware of this next time .
the people are nice , but that 's about all .
but i guess that 's their version of express .
if you can find a different shop for your pedicure .
positives : my appointment began on time .
the nurse was efficient and moved with rigor , the office staff was personable .
negatives : the doctor was less than compassionate when it came to my issues .
i explained that i have chronic sinus infections that linger .
i explained that green/yellow mucus is in my throat and nose daily .
i also explained that my sense of smell seems to be deteriorating .
he did not address this concern .
i went to the desk to provide the $ 60.00 copay .
i asked for a print out of what i was seen for today .
i was told it 's not ready , but can be mailed .
i do not feel like my needs were met .
i was told its easy to find !
.. well it was not .
i tried to talk to customer care , again with the machine .. seriously ?
i have been spoiled by world class treatment at umc .
i have been a patient of dr. burns for over ten years .
i see her for my yearly women wellness check ups .
they do n't see each others patients .
i explained how this was an emergency .
which they would n't provide to me for another week .
i have never been so displeased with a physicians office .
i was about 15 minutes late because i went to the wrong location .
too bad because it used to be a pleasurable experience .
orthopedic services were average , very forgettable !
the billing is extremely disorganized and very poorly managed !
i received a bill in september for services rendered 10 months earlier !
otherwise , i would n't give this store a second thought .
their products are pretty much all overpriced .
these people seem to find it very hard to say `` hi . ''
no people skills whatsoever ! !
one guy in there is pretty douche-y .
i do n't bother to find out his name .
i do n't like her at all .
she 's real confrontational and does not care if something is bothering you whatsoever .
the appointment lasts for all of 5 minutes .
she then weighs you on a scale she bought from walmart .
does n't she have record of that ? !
she is a bit difficult to get in touch with .
she also charges md prices when she 's just a nurse practitioner .
very expensive and very rude.. would n't recommend them to anyone !
the women running the business is a very scary-looking and rude woman .
she does n't even have nice teeth herself .
groupon holders beware there are way better ways of getting whiter teeth for $ 100
this place is a scam .
i bought a $ 49 groupon , towards $ 1,500 towards an invisilign treatment .
i was dumbfounded , and left it alone .
extremely long wait before nurses to respond .
my sister is a human being and our loved one ! ! !
the casting team and physical therapists here have been very competent and personable .
others seem to appreciate him so maybe it depends on whether he likes you .
we found him to be arrogant and impatient .
other doctors had recommended surgery but we were hoping for a noninvasive second opinion .
she has been using it `` normally '' , and it hurts .
it 's been hurting since it was broken , and never really stopped .
she is not the type to complain unless it is serious .
and when she tells me something hurts , i believe her .
probably `` dr. haber '' did n't believe her .
but i suppose that comes hard to those with too much hubris .
the woman i talked to was very rude and showed no empathy .
it 's a required medicine .
who knows if i 'll be able to find someone or not .
the concept of time means nothing to this group .
have a 2pm app't ?
how about you stop booking folks in the p.m. instead ?
and it 's not just stockton , it 's the pa 's as well .
poor service culture here .
my advice to anyone reading : got a rash ?
dash off to another firm .
if i could give this place no stars i would .
this was one of the worst experiences i have received .
i contacted them in regards to my complimentary consultation .
i do not recommend this office to anyone !
i have no respect for dr. dalley and her staff .
i read the reviews .
one review brought tears to my eyes .
dr. dalley was my doctor then and thank god never again .
i remember my ( first pregnancy ) .
i was feeling strange .
i was sent to have blood work done and something else .
i took her advice she did the surgery .
years past and once again i was pregnant for the ( second time ) .
one week later i tell my mom that something does not fill right .
i said ; ( mom i think that i am still very pregnant ) .
i say to her ( what did you take out ) ?
i could have died .
please to all the women ( pay attention to your body ) .
i told her i do n't have medicaid .
she needs to get her time accurate .
i told her i never told her that nor did my mom .
she said `` oh , what did you tell me ? `` .
i was so ticked off .
i was like wtf did i just see ? ? ?
i could n't take anything he said seriously because of what i had seen .
she was so unprofessional and a straight up rude b**** .
i was also told my appointment would only take 30 mins .
well some of the other reviewers are correct .
i went here because of all the excellent ratings .
the staff was super nice and made me feel comfortable .
the computers were having issues that day and had problems with the xray .
so i never got to see why i was having tooth issues .
never gave me pain meds or anitbotics after i went twice .
so she had me reschedule again to do it again .
oh and she measured my cervix wrong .
( i always make sure my insurance covers ) they said yes etc .
the lady at ( prenatal valley ) had to edit all of my information .
they 've always told me no .
which is a lie because now i have a balance owed of $ 147 .
for the `` emergency 's `` .
thanks to this location i now owe all together roughly around $ 600 .
so thank you to all whom participated in my negative experience ! !
he then said they only sell the flavoring for the shakes .
i hope they pay close attention , as you will continue loosing patients .
the doctors that i have encountered have been uncaring , rude and unprofessional .
i will never be returning to this practice .
in addition i had two kids with me .
she barely helped me through the menu and was just unpleasant in general .
i will find another location to visit based on this experience .
***** long term patient***** be careful !
i started going to southview in 2012. polite , kind , fancy equipment .
annoying and time consuming .
there were 2 very bad experiences i had .
1 - a crown broke when i just moved to europe .
it was very hard to manage with it broken .
why do that when you know i grid my teeth ! ? !
he said because the top was protecting those teeth , i was fine .
i was n't going to get work done in europe .
only my back molars are touching .
this was not the case with southview .
i recommend seasoned dentists .
please learn from my costly error of going to this practice .
my experience with junction optometrists has always been poor .
the two optometrists i have seen were excellent ; helpful , competent and friendly .
unfortunately the pricing and the staff are way below par .
and there were a lot of forms !
it felt as though many of the questions were unnecessarily duplicitous .
again , i decided to work with them and reschedule .
turns out , they had n't .
by this point , i had given up .
they clearly do n't have a working organizational system , which concerns me .
ultimately , i decided to book with another dentist in the area .
i found the sales staff to be a bit aggressive .
maybe it 's just me .
she looked confused and in disbelief at what she was seeing .
children do not belong in a hot tub to begin with .
i wo n't be back .
outdated salon with rude , horrible customer service .
i asked for a trim and the result was an uneven mess .
save yourself , and your hair , do n't go here !
horrible customer service experience ; could n't even get past the receptionist .
refused verified insurance coverage , inaccurate cash pricing , poor attitude .
overall an underwhelming and less than positive experience .
my feet have been killing me .
i do n't know why .
now i regret it .
ok these people do n't speak english well .
she just lightly rubbed them .
see you soon healing touch !
wo n't go again .
my child needed some fillings and we found this dentist had positive reviews .
do not use them unless you have money to burn .
extremely poor commuunication and listening skills- highly suggest going elsewhere !
i never thought i 'd see the day when walgreens became classier than cvs .
this place used to develop photos , now it does n't .
once the procedure was performed , they wanted to charge me full price .
this made an already difficult day worse than we could have ever imagined .
great customer service after i called twice already .
managers came outside and rectified the situation .
they were great and apologetic .
it happened and that 's why good managers will address it .
i take back the nice things i said .
but this place would definitely not be my first choice after reading this review .
worst experience of my life !
dr. thomas redid an old filling and chipped my tooth next to it .
had to go back to fix it .
he sliced my tongue on the drill .
i ended up having to go to another dentist to fix all his mistakes .
he left a filling to high and messed my bit .
he is very rude and unprofessional .
i have a crazy confession to make ... . i hate whole foods !
i especially hate this whole foods .
i do n't get the love.. sorry people .
*their salad bar sucks .
their cottage cheese is runny and gross .
i adore menage a trois wine .
i typically buy it at smith 's for between 6.99 and 8.99 a bottle .
why does whole foods charge 16.99 a bottle ?
i hate you whole foods *prepared food is n't that good !
pizza.. sucks.. ( come on settebello is in the same parking lot !
) , pasta.. awful and inedible .
sandwiches are just ok.. just ok for these prices ?
nothing is that good or worth eating at these prices .
*i 've found expired salsa on their shelves.. expired by a freaking year .
just cancelled and move to fitness connection for $ 10 bucks a month .
serious over crowding issue .
been here for over 4 hours and still have n't seen a doctor .
they are always short staffed .
went there this weekend with my husband .
you tell them your problem before being processed.dr .
zima pakzad did absolutely nothing to help him .
an urgent care that gives no care ? ? ?
she told him to go to the hospital .
how is talking to him going to help his medical problem .
the place was dirty .
blood on the floor in the waiting room , right next to couch .
they office staff even had bad appearance .
it looked like 80 % of them rolled out of bed and came in .
do n't waste your time here .
they do n't help .
my original review was very positive i did enjoy my message from breida .
it 's they only place where my eyes came in contact with anything .
the former activity director was very attentive and helpful , not to mention business-like .
recommend all veterans to not go to this neurology center ! ! !
unhappy patient of va , who was reffered here , big mistake ! ! !
made an appointment three weeks ago to see a doctor .
i had to wait that long because he was very busy .
do not come here .
the office seems very old and creepy .
each room had a floor fan and a beat up desk .
one of the hallways did n't even have its lights on !
just completely dark , very creepy .
the place just looked completely deserted .
( at this point i was very upset and frustrated ) .
moral of the story ; do n't trust zocdoc with their recommendations .
i should 've checked yelp to see what people had to say .
this could 've all been avoided if i had seen all these reviews first !
and do n't go to this practice ! ! !
the most unprofessional and unpleasant experience i 've had the displeasure of living through .
i started treatment in november 2014 for laser hair removal on two areas .
other than that i was satisfied with the personal at this location .
now for the hair removal .
it did n't work - at all ! ! !
all of my hair is back , with a vengeance !
if that 's the case , then why did n't it work .
even the very minimal touch-ups is an understatement in my case .
very dissatisfied with the results .
they did the next morning .
the nurse practitioner i saw ( dr .
so far so good .
`` , he said .
i had him check my two moles .
he said we 'll keep an eye out on them .
again , `` what else ? ''
i showed him the skin tag by my eye .
so i wasted my pay for this place .
time to find a new eye doctor !
this place had decent yelp reviews so i went with it .
initial scheduling was a breeze but rescheduling was a nightmare .
with each call , i was asked to verify my insurance information .
`` it was n't recorded , '' was their response .
on the day of the appointment , i arrived fifteen minutes early .
what 's up hipaa ?
after the phone call she said i was not covered by vision insurance .
alas , i was covered and just in time for my appointment .
i called a week later after not hearing from the office .
`` one pair is finished , the other will be done this afternoon .
we 'll call you . ''
we 'll put that pair together today and call you for pickup . ''
meaning i was lied to the day before .
and again , no call .
i waited two more days .
i 'll call you this afternoon for pickup . ''
bummed , because they 're so close .
but i wo n't be going back .
i 'd rather have 12 unmedicated kids with add than deal with her .
i do n't have time to make notes about this '' .
if she worked for me she 'd be fired in a hot minute !
they even faxed me proof they were waiting on her !
buffy is amazing and dr. piacentine is great !
front office girls are not friendly .
probably trained by latisha .
i went to dr. rick office for general dentistry is great .
he is good and gentle .
now i had to go for oral surgery to close the pockets .
i was told no the gaurantee was cancelled when i left the practice .
one implant has cost me $ 7,421.00 which is horriable .
i do not recomend him .
dr. knirk is completely incompetent .
accuses patients of faking .
lies right to your face .
avoid at all costs .
this place is keeping itself in business by promoting weekly and monthly recurring customers .
some chiros will help you .
nice receptionist , but morally bankrupt premise that their business is built on .
dr. kotoske is terrible .
please go anywhere else .
i did a rhinoplasty a few years back and he made my nose worse .
my new nose looks swollen and it still hurts .
they did absolutely nothing but hurt .
i am more self conscious about my nose than ever .
it 's not like it 's a one time mistake .
he did the same exact thing to my sister 's nose 6 months later .
so this is a habit .
well it ca n't be a professional opinion when you make something worse .
from one civilized person to another , please do n't go to him .
it will save you money and time .
doctor-patient manners are non existent .
i was then told i could come in the next day to see someone .
dr. young was condescending and overconfident when my husband came to him for help .
this location in particular , was a huge disappointment .
think i am looking for a new office ! ! !
i 've been coming here for grocery once a week since they opened .
i buy the organic veggies fruits and chicken .
however , the meat price has gone up twice since amazon took over .
i stopped buying meat from here .
they went bad within a couple of days .
the quality of the deli is not as good as before either .
i got a 30 minutes reflexology , the massage itself was okay .
i did like the fact that the place was clean .
wow , for a $ 20 massage $ 5 tip is pretty good !
but they expect $ 15 and up !
but that 's not right !
the owner should pay them what they are entitled to .
one star , because you 're not able to give a zero .
made an appointment for a stat childrens x-ray .
came to the appt , and waited over 1.5 hours ! !
ridiculous and will never go back .
3 ) the doctors here are psychics !
they are n't very effective for eye pain !
you guys really are the absolute best in medicine !
remind me to drive right past this place if i 'm ever dying !
the staff is terrible .
they have called me twice the day of to try to get her in .
who is in charge of this place ?
my doctor recommended dr. romine .
i arrived this morning 20 minutes early to fill out paperwork .
i was told dr. romine was booked .
at this time i was told they would try to work me in .
we received none of the services that are standard with a complete physical exam .
the pa barely looked up while going through the forms we completed .
the bulk of the visit was watching her type the info into the laptop .
i still need a physical , a pelvic exam , and a breast exam .
yep , i still need all of those things .
all other concerns will be saved for another provider .
it was early but i packed up the kids and went to the hospital .
as though that were my fault .
and it 's costing me $ 175 .
forewarned , parents of young ones .
if i could do no stars i would .
had a hot stone pedicure from the owner ben .
it was the most painful non relaxing experience .
he cut me three times .
i had a prescription sent over to this pharmacy at 8:30 in the morning .
i showed up at noon my lunchtime to pick this prescription up .
the young lady helping me have no idea what workmen 's comp .
well it 's workmen 's comp .
and then i find out the prescription cost $ 35 .
the owner doesnt care of client who visit with the groupon .
totally , stay away from this so called clinic spa ! !
rude admin staff and very hard to reach .
always had to call several times and/or leave several messages .
always felt like i was bothering them .
great smoothies , terrible service .
everyone who works there is nice but sooooooo slow .
be prepared to wait 30 minutes for your smoothie .
we have visited many times , never had on complaint .
i was very disappointed & felt a waste of time and money .
all i got for my money was you 're doing a great job !
you are an ideal tmj patient .
just keep on managing it .
my oral surgeon first was one of the top at ucla .
it 's well worth it !
the hours are posted and they are never here .
they also never answer their telephones .
do n't waste your time and money on such a. u professional place .
twice what most dentists in toronto charge .
i was very happy with their service , until i shopped their price .
stay away from this place .
go to doctorcare or cholla medical instead .
i bought a 60-minute massage session from groupon .
i walked in 5 minuets before my 10 am appointment .
the massage therapist gave me some paperwork to complete .
i will never go back there again
i had a new patient appointment and wo n't be going back .
i needed a new doctor and searched online for the best female doctor .
finally a male doctor came in the room .
he was very nice but i never even found out what his name was .
the salon was empty , only one associate working -- `` amy . ''
we then promptly began the foot soak .
i closed my eyes .
i opened my eyes and saw that she was texting on her cell phone .
she looked up at me , said `` sorry ! ''
and put her phone away .
and put her phone away .
finally , two minutes later i caught her texting a fourth time .
that did it for me .
she said , `` sorry , sorry , sorry . ''
we ended at the half-hour mark .
i asked how much i should pay her for a partial hour .
she said twenty dollars .
-- -- - i did n't know whether to be angry or laugh .
gold spa foot reflexology , sorry .
i went to cdc chinook for ultrasound .
they told me to drink water an hour before which i did .
the technician was almost 40 min late .
no one called and said that it would be late .
i had to sit and be tourchered for almost an hour .
it 's unacceptable to tourcher people like this .
finally i could not wait anymore went to the bathroom .
i just do n't understand why .
for procedure like this it 's not ok to make person wait that long .
i ate the white food for 48 hours .
honestly i get a better result from the strips .
i wo n't be back or recommend this to anyone .
had an appointment at 3:30 to get my sons 15mo wellness and vaccinations .
i pride myself on this .
so this just threw me over the top .
this review is partially about the center but mostly regarding kenneth houchin , md .
my wife had a cva ( stroke ) which took part of her vision .
the last visit we had he back-peddled stating that her vision might improve .
i say `` soooo what ? ! ''
an idiot is an idiot regardless of title or position !
long story short ... do not go to dr. kenneth houchin !
i had my initial appointment to see ann marie for some postpartum troubles .
so i sat there , and sat there .
they let me into the counseling room and i sat even longer .
here ann marie was with her and said she 'd be right there .
it was not a great way to start rapport .
i never got the email to begin with .
i forgave this time .
again , i went up to the same receptionist and asked how much longer .
i replied that is was already 30 minutes past my appointment time .
but obviously she did ! ! ! !
seriously , so sad and ridiculous .
receptionist was rude , badly dressed and thought she knew everything .
blue cross blue shield is the worst health insurance company i have ever had .
when i try to go inside the door was locked .
i looked at the hours and they should be open .
a lady showed up to the door and said there was no doctor there .
i joined yelp for this one and only review !
you 're lucky my finger accidentally hit a star .
well , that happened , twice actually .
$ 1300 cash and then addition $ 47 to reattach .
very rude front office .
dishonest and unethical provider .
please do your research and follow your gut .
i wish i would have .
there were several red flags .
i would never recommend this place .
you 've been warned .
i have bruises from the classic massage - `` light to medium '' pressure .
also do not recommend the c and c scrub .
just a sugar scrub , and then you hop in the shower .
drink had no alcohol and was also pricey .
personal preference is a smaller spa .
do n't care for the forced 20 % tip either .
i will tip well for great service , but this was n't .
never have they answered my phonecalls or returned my calls .
failed to send out prescriptions multiple times .
staff is rude and lacks empathy .
doctor is a joke .
the nurses and doctor seemed more interested in bickering than helping my kid .
i 'm avoiding dignity like the plague from now on .
my dentist must have sold them his patient list before moving to illinois .
i walked in to have a crown re-attached .
my dentist ( b. costaras ) was not their .
they did have one of the dentists available to re-attach it .
also take notice the charge amount does not display in the signiture pad !
we cancelled ... and disputed the credit card transaction !
i typically enjoy my time practicing yoga .
dont waste your time ! ! !
worst experience ever i took my daughter who had been throwing up mucus .
she refused and ddnt change my prescription .
that the urine sample was no longer needed .
i called the pharmacy and was told the medicine cost over $ 170 ! !
so again why was it prescribed ?
this trip was completely worthless ! ! !
last time i will be going there .
please do n't go there
this facility is horrible .
then they have no personality when talking to you .
you can not make an appointment without waiting at least as week .
kind of ironic with how many dr and pa 's they have there .
needless to say looking for a new dr .
always understaffed , always takes at least two hours .
never went back ... . almost done coming here too .
most staff is usually kind but all are horribly slow .
so i have changed doctors and hope to have a better experience next time .
do not go here .
i then waited another 10 minutes before they had a student doctor come in .
i wait another 5 minutes and someone comes in with a swab .
talk about spreading disease , gross .
i was sooooo frustrated with my experience .
do not waste your time with this office .
the oil they used which smelled like lube made me itch afterwards .
it was just a bad experience .
i will never go back again
i am very conflicted writing this review .
this store always seems to run out of items that are in the flyer .
currently , potatoes are on sale but on monday they have run out .
same problem as some others .
these guys are flakey .
making and breaking appointments .
not returning calls and emails .
this was the most interesting restaurant i have been in .
super expensive for some really bland , boring food .
just because its vegan/vege does not mean it has to be terrible .
the decor is 100 % salvation army , pieced together from a thrift store !
and it took an hour
i adore and respect my physician , dr. koppenbrink .
the problem does not rest with him , as he recently joined this group .
when i leave the office , i always ask what my copay is .
both visits i was told there was none , as i have medicare .
i have spoken to the office to no avail .
the phones are always busy if you wish to not talk at a machine .
i had a very important meeting , and wanted to look my best .
i waited 20 minutes , and still no stylist .
that is no way to run a business .
skip this place if you really want to get your hair done .
i also paid hundreds of dollars in deductible .
when i refused to pay her extortion she put it on my credit .
i am still fighting this .
she is shady and her work is terrible ! ! !
i recently moved to madison and chose this optometrist office based on yelp reviews .
i 'll start by saying the doctor and technician were very strong .
i felt like i had a solid eye exam .
my poor review is based on the cost practices of this office .
i 've worn the same brand and strength of contacts for several years .
in this exam , they confirmed that prescription was still the right one .
they did not fit me with new contacts .
be smarter than me !
ask more questions about the price of the services before you go !
this place is horrible at so many things .
they are the supercuts of doctors offices .
it is quicker to go to a lab to get your blood taken .
i have had 2 female doctors that i have seen at the practice leave .
they push , push , push , unnecessary tests and medications .
upsell , upsell , upsell at this place .
it is a joke .
went to doctor zedek in hopes of pursuing cognitive behavior therapy for my anxiety .
unfortunately , i paid $ 150 for a less than 10 min conversation .
if you are looking to pursue actual therapy i would not recommend him .
their basic pedi does n't even include a massage .
extra $ 5 for that .
and to remove your gel polish is an extra $ 5 .
definitely not worth the pric
finally , i went in one last time , had two cavities ! ! !
never got them filled , and never went back .
she swore i was just taking it wrong .
i vomited all over myself at work .
he changed me to another medicine .
she then was condescending about the medicine the other doctor put me on .
i 'm not a doctor , i did n't choose it .
this medicine eventually made me ill also .
i emailed her about it and she did n't bother responding .
it 's like a factory line .
do yourself a favor and look for a different doctor .
i know i will be doing so .
it 's not a coincidence that she only has 1 star reviews .
they are very limited and only open one saturday a month .
after trying for six plus month i decided to just throw them away !
instead , i got someone who told me i need to relax .
at that point , i knew i was done .
i did n't know what to think of this after i left .
she canceled my next appointment due to other obligations and i was relieved .
i canceled my next appointment and opted out of future visits .
after being made a joke of , i will not return to therapy .
i 'm an extreme shrimp lover and i usually get shrimps from costco .
tiger shrimp is always not cheap even in costco .
when i peeled the shell i felt the softness of the shrimps .
the shrimps i got from costco were firm when i peeled them .
i was lucky enough that they did n't make me sick .
no more shrimps from whole foods .
i will start by saying that i have not used their dental services .
i did my research before selecting first choice .
i consulted with 7 different ortho clinics in the madison area .
dr. trent cox is great , he really is .
they have failed at every one of my last three appointments .
yes , three in a row !
luckily , i caught it this time around , having learned my lesson .
i am stuck with them for the duration , but you are not .
such an awful human being .
well , a normal person would say she was in a suite .
she is not helpful or understanding .
basically all she told me was i was wrong .
the receptionist was wonderful , she needs to gt out of that place .
guess i 'm not good enough for your help .
also , she is not board certified in psychiatry , nor a doctor .
she is a nurse practitioner .
however , i honestly fail to see the value of this .
the issue is painfully obvious .
whereas my yelp review was merely intended to share my personal experience with others .
why go to a 2 star rated hospital ? ?
i came here because i have been having severe leg cramps for several days .
if all else fails try a muscle relaxer .
no kidding dr.. i got that from google search too .
what a rip off .
if you want urgent relief do not go here !
i was admitted quickly and seen by a nurse and a doctor .
they administered multiple tests including an ekg and blood work .
the nurse on duty called the doctor on call for instructions on my treatment .
i am very disappointed in dignity health .
the dr himself seems fine & very thorough as mentioned in other review .
however the staff is what drove us out .
the wait was an hour past the appointment time .
the wait in the examination room was 10 minutes .
the dr visit was fine .
he asked plenty of good questions did examination & as i said was thorough .
wow ! ! ! !
so we left on that note .
so it is 100 % staffing issues .
so unfortunate that he 's good dr surrounded by bad staff .
bueller ... ... bueller ... ... bueller ?
seems they needed the original sleep study report to fill the order .
a week later i call vr up again , wondering what 's going on .
ok , i call banner and do as i 'm asked .
`` no , it was 8 years ago in 2005 ! ''
make it all one word , add a dotcom and you 're in business .
bottom line , valley respiratory customer service stinks .
do n't use them .
you might eventually stumble across my folder .
115 days since i first placed an order with them .
that says it all regarding their customer service .
which i 'm not !
how is this criticism a conflict of interest ?
liar and this is bad for your business .
total time twiddling my thumbs = 2 hours !
my journey of waiting started in the lobby .
time ticked by , as i tried to entertain myself .
repeated glances at my phone , looking up at the tv .
before i knew it an hour had ticked by .
`` hello '' , said the doctor after waiting an hour and a half .
i was greeted by the bill of what might be done with my teeth .
not going there again .
now i need to get the tip of another root done and finally sealed .
on the upside neither root canal hurt at all .
however years of pain made up for that .
yes you did a root canal as well as the one through the top .
this is the worse pedicure i have ever received .
the girl who did mine rushed it .
my feet are more rough than when i went in .
i came in with the flu .
he prescribed me tamiflu knowing what the side effects are .
i been in remission for 2 years ! ! ! !
with no symptoms ! ! !
so i 'm beyond pissed off .
you would think being a doctor he would be smarter than that .
but i guess not .
unfortunately i learned the hard way .
not even close to these pictures . ''
no way out on the surface , lifecenter plus seems like a decent gym .
however , prospective members should beware .
if you use the fitness area , there a some big problems .
2 ) the weight equipment is also old and very limited .
if you are looking for hammer strenth , forget it .
3 ) management does n't care what you think .
she did n't even listen to my comments .
do n't count on having evening care because they only offer 2 a week .
5 ) lifecenter plus requires a full year commitment with no back-out clause .
do n't join lifecenter plus .
impossible to make an appointment when your sick .
i will not be back .
clean facility and nice staff .
the girls at the desk are rude , and not helpful .
it felt like as if they do n't want to help you .
instead you get a `` here 's a brochure from the wall .
call these list of numbers .
they 'll help you , not us . ''
again i asked them not to contact me again .
i received another call in february then a letter i march .
this is nothing more then harassment !
if you like getting harassing phone calls i recommend this medical office .
they are unprofessional , unorganized , and flat out rude .
when friday rolled around i called back .
it was finally called in the next tuesday .
after two weeks i called back and asked to speak to dr. mody directly .
she said the appointment person only worked until noon and would handle it .
to get them to change it to the right procedure took another week !
i hope this helps steer other future patients away from this practice .
so extremeeley frustrated and dispointed .
i have been a customer for three years .
worst customer service ever , incompentant and lazy .
they never call back .
then i had them expediate the shipment .
wtf still havent sent it .
i feel like suing these a-holes .
dont trust this company with your pets livlihood they dont care anymore .
maybe it has new managment idk but its a disgrace .
this place is so unorganized it should be county .
the left hand certainly does n't know what the right hand is doing .
2 weeks later it was n't working .
now i 'm seeing a different dr. irons .
gives me now 2mg xanax .
she thinks she is not only a dr but a psychiatrist .
always she fills it and adds another medication .
next visit ( i could never see the same doctor for some reason . )
oh by now i 'm on 40mg celebs,4mg xanax and 500mg gabapentin .
which by the way is a joke .
the dumb bitch wrote me a fake script .
while in the exam room she told me she hated it .
i was too high on a dose and walks out to write my refill .
thinking nothing of it i did n't look at it till i got home .
the crazy bitch set me up .
my file is frozen .
anyway they kicked me off the program .
refusing to give me my medical records been 5 months .
and dr. snyder no longer works there .
i was extremely disappointed by this location .
i had appointments scheduled at 130 , 2 and 215 for myself and children .
i arrived at 115 to complete paperwork .
i 'm incredibly disappointed with this facility and their lack of promptness .
this office is so unorganized .
i 've been here coming here now for about 6 month .
but today was the worst .
i have to drive 45 minutes to get to this office .
so they tell me we 're sorry we are out of cards .
of course she 's like you need a card .
maybe you should do something so you do n't run out .
so she 's like i ca n't give you your shot .
so surprise surprise they ca n't do that either .
you have to make an appointment for that .
wich of course will be like a month out .
now i have to suffer .
after reading the review from the zarina i want to give them a try .
i wo n't recommend anyone to come here .
what 's the point of walk ins ? ?
i came here because i truly needed medical care and i got scammed .
it 's so sad what healthcare has turned into !
i do n't know .
not a good experience : (
on november 17 my grandmother fell ill and we visited mountain view .
she struggles with bowel obstructions and was in a lot of pain .
i told him what i knew .
he disregarded what i said .
he sent her to a bed and had nurses care for her .
let me start off by saying the massage was actually pretty good ! !
i agree with the other poster , dr. rostan has a non-existent bedside manner .
seems a little over-hyped in the community .
-their chocolate peanut butter shake is good but quite liquidy .
waited an hour or more for every single appointment .
it indeed was sears to my surprise !
it was the doctor himself !
he said `` i am trying to work too and you cancelled . ''
you never know who you are entertaining .
the owner fida is a lying , cheating , stealing bastard .
he ca n't live up to his promises and along with settling disputes properly .
very poor attitude and business professionalism .
go buy the product at a reliable company , not this one .
**please note the other review regarding his past indiscretions with the court system .
but he told me he did .
i 'm sorry i have to give this place one star .
the only deserving star is because dr garcia seems to care about her patients .
however her staff is rude , and short .
it 's unfortunate after 5 years but we will be going elsewhere .
the er has faster wait times than this office .
this store is in absolute chaos .
very hard to tell who he 's talking to .
waited over 60 minutes for a 4:00 appointment .
never even bothered to apologize .
obnoxious , incompetent and inefficient .
take your business literally anywhere else .
they should do the dignified thing and just close shop .
there is no sense of urgency what 's so ever here .
the front desk can be very slow .
some of the dr 's hate being there .
if you have a choice go elsewhere .
they have a contract with principle my dental and united ppo medical .
they never even billed the medical .
i would never go back
unprofessional business owners ! !
more interested in money than people and employees .
they do n't care about patients and fired loyal employees with no notice .
find another dental practice ! !
not great but not bad .
short : tiny cramped salon .
unfriendly techs but nails came out really good .
pretty unsanitary if you ask me .
long : i was a walk in for an acrylic full set .
they told me 10 min which was great .
vanessa was my nail tech and probably the most unfriendly i 've met .
greeted me but that was about it .
no small talk or even an attempt .
seemed like she was maybe training her ?
great color and shape is good too .
well i guess not at this place .
vanessa literally pushed my hands away and told me i was done .
honestly ca n't say i 'll be back .
this guy does the cheapest work possible and cuts corners .
i do n't know whether to blame the dr or her staff .
i got my labs drawn 7/31 .
waited 1 week , no response .
come 9/9 still nothing !
a moment of silence while she reviews it , `` oh !
do n't waste your time and money here .
i would steer clear of this office .
i showed up 4min before my appointment .
got in the room 9min after appointment time .
was finished 56min after the appointment time .
great 45min message , if you ask me .
in addition , their bedside manner is atrocious .
i encourage anyone to avoid this place at all costs .
if i could give a negative star rating i would .
at 41wks that all changed .
both delivered vaginally w/o any complications . )
the dr , on call , was dr benjamin-avery .
this turned out not to be the case .
dr avery flat out refused to induce labor .
she pressured & bullied me into a c-section .
danner also knew this .
i begged , cried & pleaded to not have the procedure .
all of my efforts fell on deaf ears .
i was hysterical going into , during , & after the procedure .
dr avery could have cared less about my fears .
they treated me like cattle instead of a human being .
and the 6 1/2 inch incision scar has left me feeling mutilated and disfigured .
i went in for what i thought was a kidney infection .
did you have one at home ? `` .
i will never go back to this place .
so i kept my mouth shut , shot him a smile and waited .
another customer asked him for a lid and made a joke .
the man behind the counter did n't think it was funny .
i said `` hold on , are you talking about me ? ''
even now i 'm shaking .
she offered free smoothies and smiles if i went and saw her .
later on that day the owner of the val vista location called me .
the girl went to the back to tell the owner i was here .
i visited dr. stowell looking for replacement hormone therapy for testosterone .
he said it was the best approach to my situation .
for seven weeks i went for weekly testosterone injections .
i immediately went to a traditional md .
foolishly , i trusted dr. stowell that he know what he was doing .
this fellow should not be dispensing drugs or writing prescriptions to patients .
clearly he should stick to being a chiropractor and dispensing vitamins .
out to lunch , closed early , at other office , etc .
stay away and go some where else .
i asked if there was an emergency or was this normal .
she said it was very normal .
i had rescheduled my business appointments to be on time for this doctor appointment .
the other patients waiting were equally frustrated .
i would n't have minded waiting if there was an emergency .
it is a matter of respect and good business .
she did n't care one bit .
do not use cardiovascular consultants , ltd !
i will never come back here this is ridiculous .
you should not come here if you have any actual plans omg .
also , people who have shown up after me are being seen before me .
they obviously triple book without any concern for their patients .
i ended up going to urgent care and then an opthamogist .
i just want to be able to see .
what a joke , i ca n't believe pearle bision stays in business .
i went in for a tooth cleaning .
they told me they had to do some `` medically necessary work . ''
not being a dentist i trusted them .
they assured me it did .
i had them double check to be sure , again they assured me .
i went home and researched what they were going to do .
i went forward with the work .
i was able to scrape the money together to pay them .
i was upset and paid in all $ 1 bills .
i am seeing a new dentist now who i enjoy much more .
wish i could rate it less then a ( 1 ) star .
blue cross blue shield will be notified next .
not happy that i can not speak with anyone when i call .
they do not call back promptly to setup appointments and follow ups .
been trying to get in all week for a med check .
i call again , i 'm put on hold indefinitely so i hang up .
i love fresh but have to say something for today .
hopefully the business will read this and do something for a loyal fresh fan !
cleaning was great but the wait was ridiculous .
do n't come on a lunch break people .
she ignored major symptoms that could have lead to serious issues .
it 's disappointing that their quality of work has deteriorated so much .
the initial psychiatry appt we booked for our son we did online .
ok , i 'm irritated but mistakes happen .
so , we reschedule .
we finally meet with the dr and she seemed great .
i book it online again per the instructions on their voicemail .
how are you already 30 minutes behind in less than two hours .
our appt was suppose to be for 1:50pm .
what the heck ? ? ? ? ?
she had us do his bloodwork weeks ago .
what if all this time , he 's had toxic levels in his system ?
i 'm so pissed .
she tells me she does n't .
how can you have proper therapy with someone in 15 minutes ?
this tells me she 's just in it to dole out meds .
so , needless to say , we 're switching doctors .
she had read the above review and felt we were blaming her unnecessarily .
i will never again go to elements massage on ft apace .
the owner is only concerned about herself and not her clients .
she would n't even call to check and find out how it happen .
i filed a complaint with the better business bureau and attorney generals office .
be careful if going here ! ! !
high prices i only wanted a soda !
fast cashier by the name of eddy though
nothing but a bunch of money grubbers .
this has gone to the point of absurd .
we have been told we owe a balance of $ 307 for no insurance .
we have insurance , we have always had insurance .
the bottom line , our end is taken care of .
they have been trained to not make appointments for people with past due accounts .
this is all according to our health care .
it 's come to the point that urgent care has become her primary place .
a prescription was called in to my pharmacy for me .
no one has ever called me with results .
i felt very upset about this place .
what i can sayservice is good but too much long time to wait .
we 've been going here for a couple years now .
i get sick of the `` up selling '' that happens when we visit .
a friend recommended this doctor , 15 mins on hold before i hung up .
could n't even make an appointment .
rude , arrogant and flippant salesclerks .
this place is ridiculous .
i made an appointment for 2pm and did n't get seen until 3:30 !
because they took 3 walk-ins before me !
i was even early to fill out paperwork and everything !
all i could think was how rude she was .
the only positive to this building is dr. imani williams-vaughn .
the nurse had no idea what i was saying and barely spoke english .
the location is in the ghetto but it is very contemporary designed and clean .
they took my sierra health and life ppo insurance .
what the hell is wrong with this place .
the ma taking vitals has no bedside manner for working with children .
and this place only serves children , so that 's a huge turn off .
the receptionist clearly wanted to be elsewhere .
the doctor was too fast .
i do n't feel like he spent even 5 minutes with us .
things were dusty , the floor needed a good sweeping and mopping .
but i do not recommend good night .
do n't waste your time .
go to urgent care clinic .
this place is ridiculous .
i was given a referral to this place for my son .
( already unprofessional venting to a customer ) .
why would i be told to call back today ?
are your receptionist to incompetent to schedule an appointment ?
which is fine because they definitely wo n't ever have my business .
omg i continue to punish myself and go here .
took 6 days to get a refill done for my son .
they blamed the doctor and the doctor blamed them .
5 visits and multiple calls .
and not just me but every single woman in line .
why oh why do i go here .
oh because it is a mile from my house .
i must like to be annoyed !
good thing happy was on the radio !
this office is very incompetent .
i would n't recommend this doctors office after my first visit today .
the ultrasound tech was pleasant also .
the finances generated from a maternity patient is a lot .
i 'm not certain this doctors office will meet your expectations .
this place is a zoo .
the lobby is hot and stinks .
just feels so unsanitary !
i had to use the restroom and that was a joyful experience as well .
also there were wads of wet paper towels stuck to the walls .
after about an hour and 1/2 we get called back .
i 'm not sure if a doctor or an arnp saw my husband .
she did n't introduce herself .
took about 5 min to examine his foot and ordered x-rays .
that was fine with us .
the quicker the better .
but we sat for another 30 minutes waiting for x-rays .
my husband is finally getting them done now so we 'll see .
i ca n't imagine i need to say anymore then i have .
all i can say is this place is really unorganized and filthy .
i bought a $ 29 groupon for this place .
i will not be returning .
i was expecting a hypnosis session with an actual person .
they then play a cd with a creepy male voice for an hour .
after getting up out of the chair i felt nauseous .
the blinking lights created a motion sickness feeling .
this did not work at all .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
do not go there .
the worst service , administration and they do n't have any doctors .
they do n't care if you are dying or not .
however , the receptionist believe she is a diagnostician .
not to put down nurses but apparently she missed this .
i had already paid $ 159 for nothing .
keep away from this place you are sure to die
..this place is the worst .
then all i got was a `` sorry '' and she hung up .
i normally like marc 's but the lakewood location is godawful .
first off the parking lot here is a nightmare !
there 's several blind spots when turning out of aisles .
i believe this is one of the reason check out here is extremely slow .
i also suggest to bring your own bags .
the bags here are as thin as tissue paper .
i can only compare this store to the steel yard wal-mart .
if you are from this area you will understand the comparison .
i recommend not coming here after 4pm or around the 1st of the month .
you will regret it !
i decided to find a new dr since dr.mcghee left .
and i know many people that feel the same way : (
it is her assistant and office personnel that are very much lacking .
the ladies that check me out after a visit are great .
she has not returned my call ( or whomever should ) .
this has been going on for years .
am i expecting to much ?
is this where our system has taken us ?
i then contracted with sr. dimensions and as of now they are worthless .
i am paying more for things that i did not pay for before .
so my 1 star is for the staff at this diagnostic center of medicine .
i would never recommend going there !
i came to this ob/gyn when i was pregnant last year .
many times they had called me to reschedule .
she had told me she does a lot of c sections .
this was a hit and miss .
one specifically i do not like is connie .
do not use this place unless you want to die !
they have no clue what they are doing nor do they care .
these people should be sued for their practices or lack there of ! !
slow , un-educated , rip off artists .
stay clear of this place !
you have been warned .
i wanted so bad to demand my copayment back ! !
this place does not care about you or your illness , nor your pain .
they are the prescription police and you will be judged ! !
do yourself a favor and find somewhere else that actually cares about you !
my rating is very valid because it was my experience with your company .
as a customer , we decide where we want to spend our money .
looks bad from the outside & gets worse when you walk in .
rude employees & horrible bedside manner .
deserves a zero in my book .
if this is healthcare i 'd rather just die !
i would just like to say that dr.lee is awesome !
come to find out i receive a bill for $ 50 dollars ! ! !
to my surprise for a missed appointment .
first , she never even asked me for my name or account number .
that is when she informed me she was also the manager .
i was told that i would also be dismissed from his practice .
bu , t more so because of his very rude staff .
next came another assistant , andrea , to fit my mouth with the bridge .
she told me it would take 20 minutes to print and cool down .
an hour later they came in still cooling it off .
i refused and just powered through the pain of putting in the bridgework .
are you kidding me ?
i was there for a little over three and half hours .
this seems a bit excessive to me .
the absolute worst massage ever ! ! ! !
after our massage , the people demanded more tips ! ! !
ive never been to any massage place that does that !
do n't go here , its a rip off ! ! ! !
it 's terrible ive never been to any massage place that does that !
do n't go here , its a rip off ! ! ! !
it 's terrible ive never been to any massage place that does that !
do n't go here , its a rip off ! ! ! !
the worst urgent care office i have ever visited .
all of the employees are curt , rude , and uncaring .
they disregarded all of my concerns and are blatantly unprofessional .
there 's a reason this place is so cheap and always has openings .
i walked out without getting a massage .
big may be a big outfit but not better .
do n't go to jeffrey russ gunter at this office .
i went there and it was a horrible visit i will never go back .
he walked out so quickly that i did n't have time to stop him .
she looked as shocked as i did !
he looked at my face , zapped a couple places and left .
not sure she was even licensed to do that .
everyone should stay away from him .
i 'm no nail expert so i just went with it .
however as time went on i became more and more disappointed .
at one point she asked me `` is this wedding fancy ? ''
so i just cut my losses and went home .
i arrived here in agony , which just progressed into terrible agony !
they let me sit in agony for hours ! !
then walked away & left me crying for another two hours !
did they offer me the tylenol !
i take 60 mil morphine almost daily for severe back/leg pain .
when nurse failed yet again ( causing more pain ! )
and punch her badly ! !
after i begged i finally got some relief .
noise , bright lights every thing !
no rest at all !
hopefully i 'll get a room at some point tonight !
so i can get some actual rest .
it 's just a waiting game now ... to keep you posted .
they do not bother to call and tell you .
when you go into the store they treat you without regard or respect .
i hope they go out of business !
unfortunately the overall spa experience has gone downhill .
there were a few highlights , but overall the experience was disappointing .
we were overcharged a little bit for the treatments .
no one was around to ask .
it seems like there could be a sheet with pictures or a description .
we also had the hammam ritual treatment .
definitely not the same experience .
since we were on vacation to spend time together , i was pretty disappointed .
she did make it halfway through before having to go to her massage .
dr. westfield should be ashamed of himself .
co. lasted about 2 minutes .
but what a waste of my time and obviously yees time
i had a very terrible experience here .
i arrived the required 30mins early for my appointment .
after 15mins of waiting i checked with the other woman at reception for paperwork .
when called back the medical assistant was friendly and kind .
she was the best part of the place .
i saw the np .
there were no apologies or explanation as to why the assistant was even present .
this is the short version of my experience .
i will not be back .
do not go to them ! ! !
they charged me $ 2000 out of pocket for my surgery !
i work and go to school full-time .
my sinus have n't improved and i ca n't tell a difference !
would never go back .
i 've been ignored for almost a week .
i 've left too many messages to count .
no one has responded to any phone calls i 've been making .
that 's not right .
wholefoods is already overpriced and making the dish smaller too is not helping .
i used to have the dish for lunch and dinner on occasion .
now i refuse to pay the same price for 1/2 the product .
i saw lori hardacker .
they will not perform a wellness exam without first seeing something requiring a diagnostic .
this was the first red flag .
the entry is not welcoming at all .
it was crowded due to obvious overbooking .
her examination made me feel uncomfortable as she was clearly uncomfortable seeing a male .
i was then sent across the street for a blood test in another building .
all i wanted was a physical and to establish a primary care physician .
makes it very difficult to relax .
it was a horrible , horrible experience .
i could not believe it .
not good , especially when their were plenty of seats available .
what 's with that ?
2. the prices are not reasonable .
e.g : the salmon salad .
depending on the time of day , expect long delays .
overall , the food is n't bad , but the service is horrible .
with a few adjustments , i 'm hoping fresh can recover .
this place does n't even deserve a start .
i do n't recommend this place at all they are horrible .
this is the last time i go there !
what kind of dr. does this ?
( both her babies were in the low 7 lbs ) .
she was embarrassed and wanted to cry .
the dr. further stated she did n't need to have any more kids .
dr. kristin livingston 's , manner was very hurtful and demeaning .
my daughter will never go back there again !
i will copy my original review below , then add an update .
`` i followed my doctor to this office when he relocated .
the doctors and nurses are great , but the office support staff needs work .
except it 's not true .
healthcare in southern nevada is bad , but these clowns make it worse .
i will not suffer or waste any more with nevada orthopedic & spine center .
i saw doctor lee who sent me for an ultrasound and discovered a polyp .
we did surgery to remove it .
however , this did not help with my other symptoms .
he ran a thyroid t3 and t4 .
got an abnormal result but the retest was fine .
a goiter with 6 nodules , one as big as a golfball .
now i wait the result of my fna .
something like that does n't grow overnight .
not having my hearing aids has a very negative impact on my daily activities .
they are extremely slow in returning to emails and/or phone calls .
often two or more weeks .
their response is that they do not have enough employees .
this should not be the consumers problem .
do not waste $ 4,000+ on zounds hearing aids !
instead driver leaves with no attempt to contact .
absolute incompetence , pizza hut must not be hiring drivers .
i went to matthew serrick in pretty good condition .
i just had one ongoing issue that needed to be resolved .
after my adjustment my back was hurt .
he 's more concerned about his practice rather than his patients .
i ended up with more problems than i came in with .
i bought a groupon for a 90 minute foot reflexology massage .
there was only one person working there fri. night .
she new so little english i could n't communicate with her .
she finished the last few minutes with hot stones .
an excessive amount of oil was dumped continuously over my back .
i said fine , just keep the whole $ 20 .
crime is a problem !
my babysitter had her car broken into in the dowd parking lot as well .
both of these events took place within the last 2 months .
you eventually become a `` number '' to them and not a human patient .
i will never use the services at that facility again .
beware and stay away ! ! ! !
i have been going to forte family practice for a few years now .
i have had no bad experiences until today .
they often have long wait times but that 's expected .
he diagnosed me with bronchitis a couple days ago .
so i came back today .
he did not listen to anything i had to say .
argued with me about the fever .
i also asked for a dr note extending my time off from work .
he left the room but left the door open .
i could hear him outside the room talking unfavorably about me .
then gave me a note saying i could return to work tomorrow .
i tried to explain i needed more time .
he did not care and refused to extend my note .
he is a professional while still being approachable and open to the patient .
i would recommend dr jeppesen to anyone with foot or ankle issues !
his entire dress speaks arrogance right down to no socks with his shoes ?
please , that went out with miami vice .
the man had me dismissed a few moments after he walked into the room .
i was angry and upset because no patient should be treated like i was !
it was a very short meeting that i had the pleasure ?
of paying for what ? ? ?
i could not believe the treatment i received at the core by this person !
i will certainly not go back to see this person .
hard to title him as a doctor !
i also got my shoes stolen from the jacuzzi .
i would n't recommend it or go back based on this experience .
by far the worst doctor office i have ever encountered .
the only good part about that office is the doctor dr. garcia .
i will never go back there ever .
their scam artist who bill you for things that you do n't even own .
they make you wait 2 to 3 hours before you even see anyone .
heed my warning never go there they are awful .
i wo n't return and will find another psychiatrist to prescribe meds .
so unnecessary- just nasty .
let me start by saying that i really like dr. garcia .
there is almost zero communication .
what does she do ?
while there , i called my insurance company twice to confirm this fact .
three times i insisted my insurance be verified through my carrier .
she must of known she was full of it .
ps ... they scammed my daughter about a year ago .
do n't bother with an apology .
excuses mean nothing when it 's obviously not a true concern .
fix the core problem so fake apologies are not necessary .
coming into the clinic was not very welcoming .
the ladies did not look happy and were n't very helpful .
i waited about 2 1/2 hrs until i was called in .
i waited for about 30mins until i was called back in .
another 30min had past and she still had not return .
i never saw the doctor after that .
i would not return to this place !
if it were possible to give no stars i would ! ! !
they have the same staff that just rotate between the two offices .
after dr yee prescribe me a 3rd antibiotic , my condition worsened .
he is short answered , indignant and seemingly complacent about his work .
he is not the dr. to go to if you want answers .
do n't go to westfield eye center unless you want to go blind ! !
by far one of the worst clinic 's to go too !
like other reviews about this clinic .
the wait time is way to long !
waiting for 5 hours is unacceptable !
the staff is another issue .
most are spanish speaking and are rude .
for urgent care i keep my expectations low .
came here because it is very close to my job .
i was able to be seen quickly , i only waited about 15 minutes .
that made me a bit uncomfortable .
they need to put the care back in healthcare .
went in to get eye exam .
rushed me , and tried to pressure me with upsell .
she suggested i just use my current glasses until after i get surgery .
asked girl upfront if she could straighten glasses .
same girl that rushed me .
she grabbed the glasses , rushed again and was rough where she broke them .
i need the glasses .
i told her that they should pay for breaking my glasses .
they referred me to an eyeglass place .
it seems that they just want to get you in and out and upsell .
no customer service skills .
the absolute worst hospital experience ever !
unacceptable when you are screaming in pain ! ! ! !
who do they think they are ? ? ? ?
we called security and now there is an investigation going on .
pathetic excuse for a hospital ! ! !
on top of all this , the place is dirty .
the floors had the same dirty spots on it day in and day out .
in one room we noticed there was a red pill on the floor .
never , ever will we return to this place !
what 's ironic is that they offer an ethics class .
that would be like john wayne gacy running a pre-school .
it 's time to look for a new urgent care for my family .
the messages were great .
professionalism was just not good at all .
the lady messaging my boyfriend phone rang 5 times during our session in messaging .
cutting me short on time , as we `` finished '' both on time .
my boyfriend ended up getting them anyway as they did n't ask me .
if you are coming here for the experience i totally do not recommend it .
i 'm so very disappointed .
i 'm beyond disappointed 2 chances to wow me .
two total flops i 'm done
if i could give them zero stars i would .
never again will our family be coming here .
my advice to them is to overhaul their staff .
you need people who care in there .
att : parent 's do not bring your kids here terrible customer services .
am not bringing my children 's back to this place ever again .
however , the last few times have not been so terrific .
back in june , i brought my cat in for coughing .
i was seen fairly quickly but the whole check out process took forever .
i said to her `` you know my cat is sick , right ? ''
and she said that she thought the kitten had an uri too .
then my blood started to boil , how is that better ? !
do i think they meant to do harm ?
no , but they were extremely negligent with the life of my cat .
the best thing about fresh is definitely the location .
center if you 're a student without a car ) .
the food is very pricey and the selection is awful .
i almost never find what i 'm looking for .
will never go to this fast med again .
do not recommend her .
i do n't trust her medical opinion after everything i went through .
what was i paying them for ? ? ?
i think jude wants doulas so she does n't have to work very hard .
do not listen to her advice or recommendations !
at the end you seemed more concern .
i did contact you personally and told you how i felt and no response .
i 've never used vials so why was i given that ?
just the other day i was in the drive thru and was asking questions .
they told me there was a line and i was taking too long .
how rude is that ?
i was really impressed with the office staff while making my appointment .
the man barely spoke ten words to me .
i was to use soap and water .
they would send the results to my primary care in a few weeks .
his bedside manner really lacks on all points .
i will not go back , nor will my two friends .
i was very disappointed in the whole visit .
thank you for ruining a shirt , and thank you for wasting my time .
my pharmacy reported that they called 3 times with no response .
i am looking for a new doctor .
the office staff seems unprofessional and uncaring .
i should have changed doctors last year .
he stated `` nothing wrong with her , use eye drops ! ''
my mother fell , hit her eye on a table ! !
she is having pain , and it 's terribly red .
urgent care billing as er visits .
be careful when come here .
the female owner is not honest .
we turned off our phone but none of the workers did .
the two females constantly talking to each other while massaging .
i wo n't recommend coming here .
i find when i 'm insulted it makes the customer experience tainted .
if i could give 0 stars i would .
***but only after this email ! ! ! ! ! !
i though i was being fair .
sorry i did n't give you raving reviews .
but a three star is still good .
the only thing i did not like was the lack of privacy .
another customer ) may not accidentally walk into the room you are in !
i have actually referred people to your location .
i will do so no longer , sam .
you do know that most places do have doors right ?
not necessarily `` those '' types of places .
even lower scale places such as massage envy have them .
**folks : take note .
i was liberal and forthcoming .
as a non asian , it can be uncomfortable for some .
do not come here .
the management is insulting .
i did n't want to believe it .
in fact , i thought every other review was nit picking .
i was wrong ! ! ! !
his reply is worth reading .
this is not from me , but from the owner himself .
sam , you 'll never see green from me or anyone i know again .
unprofessional reception/front office staff .
it has that dirty grubby clinic vibe and the staff look pretty rough too .
the med care ... is ... horrible care .
the dr. misdiagnosed my 15mo .
old baby twice rsv , croup , whooping cough and pneumonia ah !
also , watch out for nurse nicole .
breastfeeding , sleep , etc . )
it 's like you are invisible .
entire rack right beside register marked with orange clearance tags .
you would think at least products near register would ring up correctly .
wait for pics then wait for refund .
i had been going to fresh since 1999 , when nothing similar existed .
also dr. requested prior copies of colonoscopies .
gave up after 2 weeks of unreturned phone calls .
never respond ! ! ! !
would not recommend this office .
hours are not conducive for the working class .
this medical group is a mess !
telephone system is horrible to reach actual human .
frequently get stuck in phone tree , voice mailboxes full or calls not returned .
i am so disgusted !
this doctor in cvs was amazing .
i 'm done with this .
all this place wants is your money .
avoid this dr and her practice .
you will be very disappointed and will end up paying more than needed .
seriously ... .anyone sharing a good experience is probably a friend of theirs .
this office does not care about helping people and are not experienced !
my boyfriend planned for a romantic couples massage for my birthday last saturday .
the day started off very rushed .
it made for a very uncomfortable experience .
upon arrival we found that there were no chairs available for us to enjoy .
they have certainly gone down hill .
what else can i say .
i set up an appt to get a nerve test done of my arms/legs .
and he said `` oh , you are having issues with your legs too ?
well we can make another appt for that '' .
we had , and it was supposed to all be done that day .
his office was unprofessional and disorganized .
i had vaginal bleeding for 8 months .
at my appointment , a pap smear and annual examination was done .
i told them i have a family history of estrogen induced breast cancer .
by the way , i 'm 36 , with no prior history or births .
at this point , my mother insisted i get a second opinion .
thank god for second opinions !
the staff is awful , does not communicate , and has no customer service .
they do not care about patients and just money .
no continuity of care here .
thanks a lot medisys .
what a waste of time and money ! !
if i could give a zero or even minus star i would .
upset and anger is all i got out of this visit !
apparently this is not an uncommon complaint which is really sad .
last chance they 'll get .
i 'm driving around the shopping center and ca n't find it !
i also feel bad for the therapist who lost the appt .
she was doing well for about four weeks and then it went downhill .
her cancer had spread and they were not upfront about that .
well that is just what happened .
my poor mother ended up having a bleeding ulcer on top of pancreatic cancer .
that was the straw that broke the camels back .
i realize that her chances of surviving with pancreatic cancer were slim .
shame on them ! !
still sore after two days .
if medium is going to leave one sore , that should be made clear .
dr. timothy came in with a `` why are you here '' attitude .
interrupted me when i was talking , talked down to me .
she said that this is what the dr ordered .
never coming back here and never recommending this place to anyone .
absolutely worst experience ever !
so many issues but space is limited .
after xrays she went over proposal .
in patient column was $ 400 .
she explained `` medicaid makes crappy/poor quality dentures . '
went in to try on prototypes for uppers only .
to my complete shock , no teeth showed !
went back to try on 2nd prototypes .
same thing , no teeth showed .
i 'm far from there !
again , i left disappointed .
no appointment was made as karen said the holidays were too near .
it scared me to death !
proposal shows 5 extractions needed , but at new dentist , only 4 showed .
the new dental office can do it all within a week .
i 've been there & have seen their work .
karen said she would talk to carol-ann .
never received a response , thus , a week later i call back .
karen said she had told carol-ann , but has not received an answer .
this time i had lumps on my throat .
their sitting on their butts while i 'm going thru dangerous mouth infections .
carol-ann came on phone saying they do n't resort to blackmail .
there is so much more that could be said .
apparently an appointment time is of no relevance .
made appt for 7:30 and lobby was full of about 20 plus people .
will be going elsewhere ... .
dr wang is really nice and listens .
it 's a shame that the front office receptionists are so awful .
absolutely zero customer service skills .
any questions you have you are treated like you are bothering them .
it 's so bad that i am switching doctors .
the staff was friendly , great doctor .
they did n't do much , regular check up .
i am used to paying $ 40 .
and they do n't tell u that in advance .
will never go back ...
this is the worst place to ever get a massage .
save your money and time .
my husband was in a car accident and i asked to reschedule .
this is the worst place .
i 'm far from relaxed .
offices like this are the reason our insurance rates are outrageous ! !
stay clear of money hungry warner family practice !
the doctor was great , the office operation is a nightmare .
never mind the endless frustration they 've caused me , they hurt my son .
the doctor prescribed a medication that required pre authorization for our insurance .
this usually takes a day or two anywhere else .
after weeks of leaving messages and even speaking to her nurse , no action .
my 4 mo old son 's pain got so bad he stopped eating .
three weeks of suffering and irreversible damage to my newborn son .
but there 's more !
we very painfully fasted my baby prior to the appointment per their instructions .
they had no record of his appointment .
needless to say we wo n't be back .
they do not prescribe pain meds as a rule .
went to the pecos office and they said i was n't scheduled .
the quality of customer service has gone down hill .
the only great staff they have is joshua and darryl .
i hope they get it together before they lose another patient .
i have been coming here off and on for eleven years .
did the med asst lie to me ?
kinda seems that way .
i 'll update my review if i ever get this pre auth approved .
after doing some research and having a consultation , i settled on laseraway .
yes , almost two months after my first appointment .
without much choice , i made the appointment switch .
basically , the answer was sorry , but yes .
after that exchange , i no longer even trust the place .
i will never go to laseraway again ... for anything .
this place has been my pc office for over 10 years .
definitely found a different place .
the bad : where to begin ?
the front staff was confused and flustered that everyone was getting impatient and leaving .
it 's the norm .
most walmarts are at least decent .
first off , no wood forest .
they have us bank .
okay ... so walk to the back to grab a snack .
found my drink , and saw a food snack .
okay , i 'm an adult , i can go to a price checker .
does north olmsted have a price checker theft issue ?
walk up front , to a speedy .
few registers open , but a short line for saturday morning .
cashier was courteous , but became too friendly .
so , i 'm almost out !
use the restroom , and both stalls are down .
my bigger complaint is the packaging taped to the door with packing tape .
really ... so wash my hands .
four sinks , one soap dispenser all the way to the left .
okay ... so no paper towels in the left dispenser .
then none in the right ... great .
it 's 39 out , so asked an associate for some .
bare essentials are there , but disappointing .
this place will try and cheat you !
do not support their shady business practices !
third flag - complete lack of medical supplies such as alcohol wipes .
glad we do not have to deal with them anymore .
do n't waste your time here .
and then melissa to try and blame her mistakes on you .
looks like you are unless you just keep your doors unlocked 24/7 .
today may my least favorite 4th of july ever .
i can not stand that places like this prey on the misfortunes of people .
not funny and you defently are n't an actor either .
i went to see dr. romo .
a week later she still had n't called .
this was n't the first time i experienced this with dr. romo .
and when i was charged she said she would try to help fix it .
could n't she have told me that 3 months ago ?
if she could n't help she should n't have said that she could .
did she even try ?
i have no idea , but i know i wo n't be going back .
i felt like they did n't care , i was n't their priority .
the ladies at the help desk were quite standoffish .
would n't recommend it .
i paid over $ 80 for the visit while in person .
nearly $ 300 for one visit ? ! ?
how can she feel comfortable with this way of making a living ?
i got pain relief , support and validation .
i would advise any pregnant woman to stay away from dr. kuty .
hours said open at 10am .
when i arrived , doors locked !
a hand written loose leaf paper says `` closed for now !
re-opening soon '' this was 10:50am !
i waited 20min ... no movement .
still closed at 11:10am .
this is the first time i have been disappointed in canna .
let 's hope this does n't continue .
extremely unprofessional front desk staff !
if i did n't already pay my copay , i would have walked out .
i came back today because another doctor said this other doctor is highly recommended .
if you 're rich .
he wo n't make it cheap ... and will make it sound dire .
it was the care that almost killed her .
did i add it was friday and pouring rain .
this was a new injury and they were going to kick her out .
only by screaming did she get admitted .
what followed was not .
which she did all over the place .
if that were it i could have not written this .
what followed almost killed her .
for the next 3 days they gave her that laxative 3 x a day .
bullying her like a middle schooler .
i had clearly told them there was nothing wrong with her mental faculties .
in addition my mom needs nitro as needed if she gets heart pain .
she is supposed to take it immediately .
i would never want to be alone in either place without an advocate .
i think the doctors are good .
just the all the rest .
i went in with a rash on my hand .
i normally have a great experience at other quest locations .
this location needs to get their act together .
i hate this place .
i go here as little as possible nowadays .
now if only i could convert my husband .
for instance , i have a huge craving for homemade spaghetti and meatballs today .
so i guess i 'm going by here today , dammit to hell .
it 's really delicious , or it used to be .
i have n't had it in awhile .
of course , all overpriced .
but i guess i 'm going to be a hypocritical asshole and go anyhow .
i 'm so ashamed .
very unfortunate professional for a management position if that .
at least have some respect and customer service mentallity .
very unfortunate organized and confused at their own job !
do not waste your time here
this was my first visit to this location .
the facility is excellent very clean and very welcoming .
the nurse was very helpful .
we were the only ones there .
the doctor sat on his lazy ass for over 30 minutes before seeing us .
sure , ahn facilities are clean but their billing is dirty .
i hate upmc but they bill your carrier once .
way to gouge the customer .
time to set sail captain tony !
wait times are incredibly long .
you 're easily looking at an hour or more with an appointment .
we 'll probably be switching pedatricians soon .
and while dr. kahane may be curt , the office staff is downright rude .
in my experience , they just do n't answer for the most part .
i waited a few days to hear back , and then called them again .
another week goes by , and finally jennifer calls me out of the blue .
i got everything else in the mail , mind you .
it 's more likely a clerical error on their part .
what does that even mean ?
why would n't they call ?
i called them again ( three times ) and they never returned my messages .
the fourth time , they picked up and hung up .
all in all , a wholly dissatisfying experience .
would not recommend this dentist to others !
so far so good .
of course it was after 5 pm when i received the message .
they were able to fit me in at 1:30 pm .
that all took about an hour .
( it had been over a year since my last cleaning ) .
i chose this dentist based on their location and the reviews on yelp .
i still love dr jianu , but someone in her office has issues .
i really loved this dr .
we were so glad .
please , save yourselves .
we feel lucky for the warning .
i used medshape a few years ago .
fast forward to now .
well , i 'd paid for it so i 'll finish the 4 weeks .
today i had a noon appointment .
when i showed up , they had probably 10 people waiting .
they 're overbooking appointments and then patients have to wait .
i do not recall that issue from my first try with medshape .
gaining the weight back was my fault entirely .
the staff is friendly and they try to be helpful .
otherwise , why bother to schedule appointments at all .
overall , lack of patient care !
the operation at body by kotoske is a complete joke .
the week postoperative appointment was also a nightmare .
i would never recommend anyone waste their money here .
the staff did n't know my insurance after being there three times .
the staff was also rude and insufficient .
the only person there that was customer friendly was jennifer
they are free of fault from any actions .
and they get snippy if you ask them to explain the form .
also paid $ 10 up-charge for what amounted to 2 minutes of hot stone massage
i made the mistake of coming here again really only out of being desperate .
it 's ridiculous ! ! ! !
they have no consideration of your time .
i can see why they are rated as they are .
i told them this but they insisted on doing the exam anyway .
and not to worry .
i sent the prescription that they gave me in , and had glasses made .
mind you i paid xx the first time .
they have a new type machine that reads it instantaneously .
i then asked them what the relevance was , getting no reasonable answer .
only that she would take it up with administration .
i got the impression that she was highly intimidated by them .
but you can rest assured , i will not let this happen again .
they are obviously more concerned about money than doing the right thing .
really how long does it take to swipe a credit card !
the pharmacy seems disorganized .
retail clerks are nearly nonexistent .
in general i like cvs , but this store is terrible .
i 'll be moving my prescriptions somewhere else as soon as i can .
an infection which was diagnosed in the emergency room .
i received 1 bag of antibiotics .
which i knew was a straight up lie .
that doctor discontinued my treatment .
now my doctor had to put me back on antibiotics .
worst experience i 've ever had with an optometrist .
administer an eye drop then wait another twenty five minutes .
wo n't be back .
best part , my kid does n't even need glasses .
she was quick , however , still time taken away from the massage .
rather a continual rubbing of scrub and lotion .
since the sign stated gratuity appreciated , it was clearly not a mandatory fee !
had i seen the sign i would have said something .
at that point i was done and knew that i would not be back .
discussing patient details without regard for who is around .
misrepresentation of clinical staff .
there are plenty of better options in the area
i would n't have given this place any stars !
well this is why .
do n't waste your time .
then after all that , the doctor wants to start from square one ? !
never ever go there .
completely rude and selfish staff and doctors .
we have been coming here for more than 2 years .
extremely disappointed in the customer service aspect of this business .
their recording advised my call would be returned within 1 hour .
it was not returned for 2 days .
any misunderstanding needs to be recognized and taken responsibility for by the representatives .
if you are going to be in partnership , you must work together .
it was not about the insurance- it was how i was treated .
very rude and condescending .
do not go to this clinic .
two doctors are very rude .
they spoke to me as if my questions were ridiculous to ask .
i was in the emergency room on monday night for 22hours before being admitted .
she was also busy and she complained to me very loudly about that .
my care shouldnt be compromised because they are busy .
the whole experience was terrible .
once i got to my room the difference in care was amazing .
the people working on the floor are so nice , friendly , and sympathetic .
the difference is night and day !
unfortunately , i have been to this e/r many times .
the thought of ever having to go back to this e/r worries me .
she also got solution in my left eye which stung very badly .
she mentioned she was unaware the chemical peel had a shelf life .
i left feeling uneasy and disappointed at spending over $ 100 .
the rest of my face is exactly how it is any other day .
there is no tightness or redness or flaking .
i picked this place based off of the reviews i found on yelp .
that 's not very authentic .
had a multitude of sub-par experiences here .
there are a lot of eye doctors to choose from in las vegas .
i 'll never go to this one again .
do yourself a favor and do the same .
all i can say is , ow .
these people do not study anatomy .
the woman was literally pressing her elbow into my spine for ten minutes .
( probably should n't have scheduled appointment the monday after a holiday weekend . )
avoid this hospital at all cost !
it 's almost like rating a restaurant just because it has food !
many of the halls are dimly lit compared to other toronto hospitals .
the hospital also does not have dedicated parking .
worst experience i ever ever ever had in my life .
this process took literally one year .
this office is very unorganized and very un-professional .
be wary of this place .
the dentist is awesome , but it ends there .
i had partials made .
the partials do not fit .
it is the middle of february and i am still waiting for their call .
at 3:05 i gave up and left .
until coming to fdgv i had always seen an md .
clearly that is not the case .
i 'm in the market for another doctor , starting now .
never trust this place ! ! !
tried to contact them through email and phone !
i really hate this experience ! !
my wonderful rn could not say enough good things about dr. crum .
i can not speak about any experience regarding paradise valley ob/gyn medial staff .
if there is such a thing as karma , it will be well served .
i can not comment on the medical staff as i never saw them .
do n't expect quality service .
i would give -4 stars if possible .
my advise is to stay well !
my experience was awful .
the staff is unpleasant and unprofessional .
made an appointment but they did n't know what i was in for .
4 hours for 2 fillers !
only one doctor that shuffles from room to room .
this place is a total joke .
if i could give it 0 stars i would have .
they have no respect for others time !
i will drive across town to avoid this place next time !
dr marcelo is kind and soft natured but often uninformative .
dr pham is more firm and comes off abrupt but is definitely well educated .
what ? ! ? !
no coo 's or giggles .
not interested in playing just sleepy and lifeless .
not to mention , still congested and coughing badly !
we are now dealing with this for almost 2 months .
i just do n't feel heard or well taken care of .
i immediately became frustrated at her tone .
there was no explanation or apology for me being told the wrong information .
i said , `` honey ?
did you just call me honey ? ''
and she said , `` yep , i sure did . ''
i said `` no , not you , but the practice .
plus i was overcharged at that .
she had me so flustered and in awe at her audacity .
she acted like a child .
not a representative i would want for my practice .
i have never been treated like this by a service provider .
this could have been avoided if they used standard billing practice .
they do n't bill , they want payment upfront even with insurance .
but they did not .
you do n't deserve to be working with the public .
wish i could get my money back , left worse than i went in .
tried 2nd time and left without any relief .
purchased a month of visits .
i have taken anxiety medication for almost 20 years .
however , it was only for 3 months .
she said `` sorry , nothing i can do '' .
now mind you , i am having an anxiety attack and am very upset .
she freaking hung up on me !
and did anyone call me back ?
i will spread the word to anyone who will listen .
do not go to phoenix medical group ! !
most unprofessional medical organization i have ever dealt with .
most tend to be a bit cold and rude .
after today 's visit i will definitely not be coming back .
completely unprofessional and gross .
updating my last review .
finally got to speak to someone in dr bradford group .
this store carries a good selection of frames .
that after two weeks of getting things fixed i decided against going back .
i wish i could personally suspend her medical license .
dr. , heal thy self !
waited 2 hours while dr. was running late in office .
needed path report on colonoscopy .
waited another 1/2 hour for them to locate it from surgery center .
bad news ... do not book with this office .
there were 30 people in the waiting area as i left .
they were waiting on appointments .
under staffed with very rude , inefficient people .
this place is horrible at appointment times .
i asked why and he replied you 'll need to fill out paperwork .
first : my son had an object lodged in his ear .
my son was in intense pain .
i stopped the efforts and went to our ent .
second : the nursing staff and doctors are all over worked and it shows .
their bedside manor tends to be terse and they seem impatient .
fifth : they never answer the phone ! !
folks this place is a factory .
then advertise your open till 7 o'clock and at 20 after six are closed .
do n't go there for a flu shot .
slow and incompetent staff .
left without getting a flu shot .
summary : sought help and then made to feel like a criminal .
first - like others this place was horrible on setting appointments .
are you kidding me ?
not that should really matter .
talk about a feeling of betrayal when you should be trusting someone .
what a horrible feeling !
i own my home , car , and practically am almost retired !
i am not selling these stupid medications ... who does this ?
so let me summarize ... redemption psychiatry first priority is protecting themselves !
i will take my business elsewhere !
if anything , i should demand a drug test from everyone there .
one of the worst pedicurist ive ever encountered .
i was one more poke in my cuticle to walking out .
i had to ask her more than three times to be gentle .
but boy was this horrible .
she left my left toe burning at the cuticle .
and he damn response was `` oh you 're sensitive huh ? ''
like no mam , be more gentle .
im never coming back .
the one star goes out to the guy who greeted us at the desk .
i 'm so confused .
is this how y'all really do it out here in vegas ?
the money gouging started before i received any services .
the employees are impersonal and could care less .
i received a free facial certificate and 125.00 gift card for mothers day .
i made the appt .
so i was charged 55.00 for the missed appt/free facial .
because i had now paid for the not so free facial .
i did n't receive a reminder call/text for either appt .
they stated they could n't get a hold of me .
instead of charging someone for a `` gift '' they have received .
short version : keep track of your sessions !
after my last review i was given two free sessions to fix my hairline .
i went in the for my appointment and the tech asked the usual questions .
the tech told me it needed to be longer more like 10 days .
so i wasted my gas and time .
i stopped the retin a all together just to be safe .
that was around the time i wrote my last review .
i have not received a call .
do not ever go to this place .
these people just want to make money.they do not care about their patients .
all they want to do is make money .
they suck ! ! !
they do n't care about their patients .
their ma staff is trashy and unprofessional .
they have no heart .
eff you cardiovascular consultants .
my experience unfortunately was not good .
i am writing this review as a word of caution .
this took almost 2 months .
no one even checked in on me until my hubby had to say something .
nine patients checked in after me and were seen within 15 min .
it seems that everything to be done is a big deal .
my mom , who 's a nurse ( !
i 'll admit , he was better , but not by much .
did she ever say why ?
it all just seemed very strange and i left feeling unhelped and uncomfortable .
so much for a pain `` specialist . ''
simple enough i figured .
so i 'm guessing it 's broken .
meaning , they do n't deal with court mandated assessment .
just wasted an hour and now they have all my personal information .
the receptionist said she did n't know !
there was no hostess and 2 waitresses who just looked at us .
our waters never came .
once the food came , she never came back to the table .
they were out of the gf vegan desert .
took forever to get our bill .
no one said goodbye to us .
it was awkward , too bad bc the food was ok .
my experience with their care was fine but their billing is a horrible mess .
this has cost me well over $ 1000 out of pocket .
i suspect the meat has expired and they change the wrap and label .
from then on , i always checked .
more of a retail operation than a medical practice .
the practice really is about which products and procedures she can sell you .
the waiting room reminds one of the cosmetic counters at a retail store .
always a bad experience , but never shopping here again .
i finally ga e in and bought it and it smelled like rotten eggs .
this is definitely the most unprofessional gnc i 've been to .
the owner is awesome and do n't worry she will tell you she is .
i found a 60 min massage with hot stones on groupon .
the worst massage of my life .
mind you this was not a deep tissue massage and it hurt .
not one part of the massage was soothing or relaxing .
and i get massages regularly .
i received a gift card as a gift for my birthday .
they stated the remaining portion was left as a tip .
a $ 38 tip seriously .
now they will not do anything about it .
this place is a scam .
do not waste your time or money
but definitly goin to call my insurance to let them know !
my one star is for the staff only .
i have no problem with either dr pierrend or dr yonan .
currently looking for another office to take my dad .
dr. gunter is very condescending .
i have been to this location several times .
never failed i always got super sick on the weekends .
my last visit here ended very poorly .
i got a pat on the back and nose spray just because .
the other 1-star reviews are not exaggerations .
i did n't appreciate being treated like a child by the doctor .
the doctor did n't even ask if i was okay .
he walked in , admonished me , and walked out .
their electronic portal is awful , too .
( about every other month . )
this place consistently makes me feel like a slab of meat .
it should not have been such a battle to have their mistake fixed .
( but it did get fixed . )
advice : do n't go here .
today , three months after service , i got another bill for $ 68.00 .
you 're kidding me right ?
i 'm not paying for their pretty little office in their pretty little building .
i was referred to westside at christmas time when my dentist office was closed .
i was in terrible pain and needed an emergency root canal .
unfortunately , i was wrong .
i will never go back here under any circumstance .
in addition they are very pushy about purchasing your contacts and glasses through them .
literally the slowest and most useless office staff i have ever experienced .
dr. singh is not very socialable and has a terrible `` bedside manner '' .
he does not show any sense of compassion or personality .
both billie baker and marie stephens however ... the pacs ... are amazing .
both are friendly , forthright and show concern and care about your health .
i will be finding another physican .
because of the limited hours baker and stephens work , i have no choice .
the operation at body by kotoske is a complete joke .
the week postoperative appointment was also a nightmare .
i would never recommend anyone waste their money here .
his tone and demeanor were unprofessional .
the test was completed and he asked her to sit up .
the technicians name was jim .
i called immediately once i got home to speak with customer service .
i spoke with danielle who was very apologetic and stated that she would address .
the people that come and see you are sick .
they do not deserve to be treated the way my mother was treated .
dr villalobos and this dental office the the rudest of all .
they only care about upcharging .
they will recommend the most expensive route of dental care .
she made no attempts to communicate with me..no email or phone calls .
i do not recommend this office or dr villalobos to anyone .
do n't go to desert dentistry located on chandler rd ! ! !
try dr. brown at c r smiles located in glendale .
for the two years i 've regularly sang praise about this clinic !
her staff , specifically stephanie is beyond slow !
such a huge waste of time .
i will never return or recommend this clinic again !
stay clear especially if you are looking for a kid friendly place .
management needs to get the sales clerks all on the same page .
my total ... $ 24.90 .
what can i buy for 10 motherfuckin cents ? ?
not accepting new patients .
why is it so hard to find mental health providers in las vegas ?
on november of 2014 , i gave him $ 1000.00 .
( dean o'connor did not perform this duty as hired . )
2. help guide valentyna through therapy to complete a good evaluation .
( dean o'connor did not perform this duty as hired . )
( dean o'connor did not perform this duty as hired . )
note : this was verbal and partly contractiual -not all wrote out .
obviously , the issues were already heard and denied .
( page3 paragraph 3 ) .
dean o'conner did not help guide valentyna through therapy to complete a good evaluation .
i chose dr. kovac specifically as a certified practitioner of art .
this is the most unprofessional company i have ever worked with .
do yourself a favor and stay away from this place .
it is horrible ! !
giving even one star is hard for me .
wish i would have read all these reviews before starting my experience with lifescape .
first appointment was to start the skyla birth control .
did n't realize as a customer i needed to do her job as well .
hoping no one has the same experience !
yet not receiving a refund !
this place is an absolute joke !
they do not assist you with job placement !
they do not offer tutoring !
we just have n't had a good experience with students from there '' .
awesome , right ? !
and if anyone is seriously considering becoming a veterinary assistant- do n't !
you are better off becoming a vet tech or an actual veterinarian .
i come here because they have my medical records .
i 'll wear it .
but this place is as bad as it gets .
i 've talked to a number of doctors and this is n't standard practice .
i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
thanks for stringing me along another week guys !
guess it 's really time for a new office now .
i leave to go to college in salt lake tomorrow .
dr. yee 's mistake needs to be out there for future patients to know !
you sir should be a shamed of yourself .
the procedure was done quickly and he was done within 10-15 min .
we were told `` it 's a very simple procedure '' .
operator said he 'd have the doc call .
so we continued driving .
the nurses put pressure on his eye for 5 hours !
yes 5 hours ad having blood & blood clots pour out of his eyelid .
was treating my mother to a spa day .
# 1 : woman checking us in was very curt .
had to ask her to slow down .
# 3 the place is filthy .
good thing the lighting was low !
the bathrooms had no toilet paper with empty rolls and toilet paper strewn everywhere .
# 8 essentially demand a 20 % tip .
oh well , will not be going back .
save your money , go somewhere else !
they are awful at customer service .
this even after 2 long distance phone calls .
needless to say , i still do not have the medication .
am trying to find a compound pharmacy where i live .
shes quite the sales woman .
she wrote a few prices which seems sketchy .
i felt highly pressured to sign and get the process started .
very sad that i wasted so much on this .
i could have paid for other bills ! ! !
they all seem very nice but their motive is money .
though a few nurses are very sweet .
that day i was the only poc at the center .
i 'm just waiting .
i thought that it was normal that perhaps i needed time to heal .
hygienist rude and unprofessional !
i will not step foot in this office again !
this place is sketch .
if you need a clinic close to this location try new beginings counseling center .
the difference is night and day .
they actually care and have real life experience with addiction .
not just your 20 year old fresh outta psychology class counselor .
they even give free buss passes to those who are in need .
i wish i had started at new beginnings .
better late than never at least i found them now .
eastern ave. # 145 las vegas , nv 89169 ( 702 ) 538-7412 .
went into office for cleaning .
i have good insurance and they still wanted to charge $ 600 .
i 've been an accountant for 28 years they need to hire a knowledgeable .
person who can be polite and know simple math .
my five year old could do the job better !
definitely wo n't be back !
they consistently say one thing and then do the opposite !
last months delivery was 4 hours late and the man was really rude !
made an appointment a month in advance for urgent care .
they cancelled less than a week away knowing i am in extreme pain .
we had a big group coming in .
been going here for a year due to my limited choices through insurance plan .
if i had a choice i 'd be gone !
if it was n't for her i would not go here .
i wish i could compliment this hospital .
my mom was in the e.r .
and treated by trevelyn on 8/4/2013 around 4am .
my mom was very dissatisfied , because no information about her condition was communicated .
things just got worse when she was admitted around 3pm .
the entire staff lacked any urgency and real competency .
they could not answer simple questions or respond quickly .
her doctor was dr. achin , her demeanor is very unprofessional and derogatory .
after seeing my mom had pancreatitis she put her on a unrestricted diet .
you can die from pancreatits and are supposed to fast .
but she knew she had early pancreatitis .
we waited all night and no test .
i left my information with the nurse and was never called with any updates .
no updates from the nurse !
when i arrived at about 12pm .
my mom had just gotten done taking the mrcp .
i asked to speak to the charge nurse who was myra and patient advocacy .
mrya did not show any concern or care for my mom 's treatment .
she could not tell me anything .
( when the g.i .
she did call dr. achin who could not be reached .
is this even legal ? ? ?
she said she had no diagnosis and no plan .
myra was also present .
i asked dr. achin politely if she could slow down and clarify .
her english is a little hard to understand due to her accent .
i calmly asked her why she was getting an attitude .
she yelled and said she was n't .
i looked over at myra who rolled her eyes but remained silent .
my mom asked dr. achin when she thought she could be released .
dr. achin said if you feel better now .
dr. achin got even more defensive .
dr. achin just left the room .
i got my mom to calm down and agree to stay .
i said , `` excuse me you are blaming me ? ''
i said i wanted to speak to risk management and patient advocacy .
she called patient advocacy and got voicemail .
she said i could leave and they would call me .
i said i would not leave until i spoke to someone .
pat , a women volunteer called and got voicemail .
i told her i would wait .
about 15 minutes later barbara streyle came over .
she was very professional and listened to what happened .
she immediately knew who dr. achin was and described her beside manner as abrupt .
after running another test they still could not find anything other than pancreatits .
she was then discharged .
great job mountain view !
no problem , rescheduled .
this place has no regard for their patents time !
came in to get contacts & glasses prescription renewed .
came in a few days later ... another hour wait time .
the oakley glasses i purchased were $ 50 cheaper online .
paid the $ 25 for expedited shipping ... 4 days later the glasses arrived .
i rarely leave negative reviews , but this place deserves the 1 star rating .
if i could rate it 0 stars i would .
left on hold for 4 minutes which is considerably long nowadays .
that needs to be taken off the website . ''
asked for next available appointment , was told 2 weeks out .
asked about cancellations and immediately told none available and none for secondary office .
was sent here for and xray for my daughter .
told xrays are walk-ins .
returned the next day around the same time .
this time the wait was 30 minutes .
checked-in and proceeded to wait .
my daughter finally got her xray after waiting for an hour and a half .
that was another 20 minutes .
this clinic is a sham .
i purchased hair laser removal with groupon .
i did n't finish my last two treatments , or get a refund !
this is terrible service .
usually as a new patient they give you paperwork before entering the actual room .
so bring a 1rst time patient i arrived to see dr tanarya at 2:30 !
she gave me two prescriptions one for back pain and another for muscle relaxer !
no one 's answering the phone .
miss placed my drivers license and insurance card .
well my first impression is my last impression of that place .
lol also reported to ama
no this is not in regards to hippa .
it its in regards to unprofessional rude staffing .
hippa had nothing to do with it .
all hippa forms were filled out and on file you can check with brandon .
worst experience ever on the phone .
completely rude and had no care for a potential customer .
customer service starts from the very beginning .
i 'll drive 100 miles before i ever go to this place
in fact there are three of us going to her from the same household .
i had to cancel an appointment in february due to illness .
but ok i said i will pay it .
i 'm calling my insurance company to see exactly what they paid .
this place was more than awful .
i arrived early for my 2:40 appointment .
the woman also included all kinds of unnecessary charges into my price .
this was an overall horrible experience .
save your time , energy and money .
which is a real bummer because this was so convenient for me .
they did n't charge me my copay at the door but remembered weeks later .
overall , the lack of consistency and good customer service is annoying .
lets see , what am i in the mood for tonight ?
i think i 'll start with a run .
oops , all the treadmills are occupied .
no problem , i 'll just do the stair-stepper .
alright , hmmm , then i 'll hit some nautilus equipment .
ride a bike then ?
do sit-ups on the mats ?
free weight room literally dangerously crowded .
fine , i 'll just swim then .
i spoke to the doctor for maybe 2 minutes .
so minus another star for inconsistent billing and communication .
i 've had problems with ingrown toenails my entire life .
i finally decided to go to a podiatrist and see what my options were .
my first appointment was with dr. garza and he was amazing ! !
my left toe looks perfect .
my second appointment was with dr. brewer who was less than stellar .
he was very personable , but my toe looks like crap .
i was also told it would take a year to grow out .
5 stars for dr. garza , but only 1 star for dr. brewer .
i was so disappointed in my treatment .
complete waste of money .
my kids currently go to pediatrix but i am trying to find something different .
i think what is killing me is they are trying to automate appointments .
i also filled out the online appt request an no one called me back .
my first daughter passed away so i am really protective of my kids .
another time my son had an allergic reaction to a prescription .
i was told within hours it would clear .
then it got worse .
well why did you say to call if it got worse ?
i moved here a year ago .
my last pediatrician office was amazing ( as i realize now ) .
it was just nice to know she actually cared .
someone answering the phone to make an appt would be nice too !
no customer service and humanity at all .
save you time and money and find someone more helpful and care .
this is my first and last time visiting this urgent care .
the girl at the front desk was rude .
there was also a power outage for a few minutes .
do n't go there .
first off , i visited rc of nv .
this was at the sienna office .
the office staff is not friendly except for the hispanic girls .
the black girls and the white girls are very rude and condescending .
they show little concern for their patients .
never wants to talk about anything .
will not answer your questions .
again , dr. loo is your best bet .
but overall , i would not recommend this place to anyone .
i went in for an exam and buying a pair of glasses .
i selected a frame .
i looked as though they did not want to do business with me .
everybody 's time is precious
honestly i called 4 times this week have n't gotten a call back .
they seen me once and no follow up .
i 've requested several appts on the stupid portal and still nothing .
now i am 5 days without a refill .
do you guys realize how dangerous it is to stop taking medicine cold turkey .
so crazy because i seen all the bad reviews i should 've known .
hopefully i can find a new place .
he was texting and scrolling on instagram the whole time .
however , i found it incredibly rude and unprofessional .
run , do n't walk away from this clinic .
in the waiting room for 2-1/2 hours .
there 's no excuse for that .
office staff rude and unprofessional .
good for their bottom line but dangerous for patients .
was scheduled for a procedure .
i told her that i would not be going off any blood thinners .
she replied `` you have to '' .
at this point i should have cut and run .
what was i thinking continuing with this farce .
this procedure was a joke .
this happens as a result of improper technique used when giving im injections .
the procedure was rushed to say the least .
there was no test for retention done .
i vowed to never return but inexplicably discontinued the medication .
i know , what was i thinking ?
i just can not say enough about how poorly this clinic conducts its business .
they could 've cared less .
this place sucks , they cant even get their billing right .
you 'll see , go there .
i will never go there or ever recommend this place .
my mom & i came in for mani pedis .
all of the workers were very nice and welcoming .
we got our pedicures first .
a few days later the gel began to lift on the sides .
now a week later and they look terrible .
things get stuck under because they are lifting .
i 'm very disappointed in the quality .
staff are asleep at the wheel .
receptionists socialize at the expense of patients waiting to be seen .
be prepared to wait .
found this out the hard way .
still waited for over an hour after my set check in time .
she treated me as if i was the dumbest person she has ever met .
hopefully she does n't last long or they will lose customers .
i rarely go to the doctor and visiting this practice reminded me why .
i came in because i 've been having trouble sleeping .
i made an appointment with kate montgomery , rn , cs , fnp .
she was down right rude !
i will finding another doctor that is not so judgmental .
if i were you , i would pass on this facility .
i came in for some pain in my ear .
not take your time ...
i have been doing keto for over 6 months and having a stall .
my husband recommended a doctors review of my current situation .
i had an appointment booked almost a month out .
i was brought back before finishing the paperwork and met with kylie kersten fnp .
she was friendly , concerned and listen to my story .
asked a few questions and ran blood work .
did not mention or ask one keto related question .
neither negative or positive about this way of life .
i left feeling defeated and like i wasted my time .
the f/o staff did not have an opening for over three weeks .
i now have to wait 3 weeks to review my blood work .
not impressed with this office for my specific concerns .
this is not a keto/low carb option .
this place was absolutely the worst dental experience i 've ever had .
i have been going to the office for 4years .
i have never been treated so bad and with complete disrespect .
i had setup an appointment for may 21st , 2016 @ 1130am .
i could not believe how unprofessional and insensitive she was being .
i never said anything about my medication or what i was taking or needing .
she has no business working with the public .
she is an evil , cruel , no remorse having person .
mostly when dealing with peoples personal medical health .
i would never trust her with access to my medical records .
she is beyond untrusting and should never be allowed to over see other people .
the only plus to this place was the front desk 2as super friendly .
it wasnt anything serious so i didnt mind going to a nurse .
but his nurse didnt have very good bedside manners .
and she wasnt very warm when she entered the room .
i like a doctor/nurse to make me feel welcomed into their office .
i didnt get that feeling at all while in there .
i 'm going to try and find another doctor to go to .
we do n't know how long she was on both screaming for help .
however , i do n't believe that i did receive that .
i could have read that myself !
be aware of what can happen .
this is what happened to me .
i 've been there maybe four times .
each time i noticed my anxiety level would get higher .
the front staff are not terribly professional and had some attitude .
the hygienist christine is terrifying !
i am already nervous at the dentists .
all i wanted was my 6 month cleaning .
she tried to up sell me so hard i got up and walked out .
she kept walking in and out , turning the tv off .
she talked way to much and did everything but clean my teeth .
she 'd cleaned my teeth once before and was incredibly rough .
i was glad i walked .
there are several dentists in my area that take culinary ins .
dentists like tlc dental with very good reviews .
i 'll not be seen at happy dental again .
it sucks that my future employer uses this company for fingerprinting .
as if i interrupted her cellphone usage time with such an unimportant need .
i am 32 weeks pregnant with dr. tyre as my doctor .
this office is so disorganized .
i get to the office ... bladder full of water .
apparently they do n't tell you when they are running 45 mi nutes late .
the latest news came at this weeks check up .
anyway , the store was kind of dirty and sad to begin with .
i get my things , go thru the check-out line .
a modern supermarket that wo n't take my debit card .
silliest thing i 've ever heard in my life ... i walked out .
save yourself the trouble and go to a real store .
the staff is awesome , caring and very friendly .
the doctors are great , but the staff is horrible !
i had 2 appointments one in the morning and another one in the afternoon .
yet the dr. insisted on re-doing all of the same tests already performed .
great way to run up the bill ` ~~ ! !
the good : * you 'll be motivated to work out and eat right .
* some of the trainers are really cool .
* classes in the am or pm .
if this sounds good to you , you should definitely sign up here .
if not , there are dozens of training centers around town .
at first , they told me not to worry about it .
also , i never received an invite to take the program 's final assessment .
it 's worth it .
your insurance provider may offer nutritional counseling as part of your coverage as well .
the majority of your post is a lie .
integrity clearly is not a value of yours .
our culture at real results is better off without clients like you . ''
do n't waste your time ! ! !
patients treated like cattle ! !
i was there for 2 months ... saw dr tyre and her pa-c jessica .
tyre and jessica the pac very incompetent , ,informative .
wtf says that ? ! ? ! ?
then she left the room ! !
i was sitting there in my paper toga ! ! !
i was treated like cattle ! ! !
i ordered all of my records immediately and found another ob .
so please read yelp ! !
please do n't waste your time here .
the one star given was only to post ! !
wow and tyre and her pa jessica were arranging surgery for me ! !
i made an appointment online last week .
i showed up today and the appointment had not been scheduled .
i could have stayed , but there were fifteen people ahead of me .
i went to labcorp 's website and signed up for an appointment .
i called them to confirm my appointment and they confirmed it .
i was not impressed with my visit to stockton dermatology .
she was so rushed in my session it was over before it began .
they act like a smile would damage the face muscles .
read this for a true professional evaluation .
i was originally referred to the office to see dr. herrera .
this office will not treat multiple issues willingly .
in conclusion , this office does not work for me .
it 's like a honeycomb pattern of hyper and hypo pigmentation .
thank you guys for ruining my legs
he left off the line of what my vision is for both eyes .
trip and time wasted .
my prescription is n't right - things are blurry - bad .
i understand it might take a couple of tries .
i sure hope my file was n't sitting on the desk for two weeks .
as far as i know - they never found my file .
it was pointless since the doctor was gone .
does she have medical training ?
no option of negative rating unfortunately ! ! !
i bought a stair master on line , back in november .
paid by credit card .
had to call a few times to get a receipt .
i specifically asked and was guaranteed a home delivery .
i explicitly said that i can pay more just for home delivery .
we got into a she said/he said situation .
2 stars for falling out in 2 days !
i would never recommend this place to anyone .
this is the worst clinic i 've ever been ! ! ! ! !
because you still wait for almost 2 hours ! ! ! ! ! !
i dont think this is something that they should be doing .
there is no sense of urgency .
loosing documents that are supposed to be confidential and kept secured ? ? ? ?
is something that worry me as a parent .
if dr garcia will be reading this , please !
dont accept a lot of patients if you cant handle it .
*****keep the appointments on time*******
very difficult with a baby only few weeks old !
not boy that but waiting room is so tiny and always so full !
2. place is filthy !
i needed to make a bottle in exam room after waiting 2 hours .
so unacceptable for an exam room ! !
wish i had taken a picture , but new born was screaming mad !
4. staff over codes your visit to the insurance .
hubby needed underwear and insisted on penneys ( no idea why ! )
went up to the counter in the men 's department to pay .
the clerk seemed openly hostile .
husband asked , `` did we interrupt something ? ''
she said , `` no. ``
we wo n't be back ... .
the dr determine that i only needed steroids and cough syrup .
i knew i needed antibiotics but he did not prescribe them .
i am leaving this practice .
the epitome was when my pa said that he has problems too .
i tried and tried - longer than i should have to make this work .
i feel as though they are just a money mill .
if you go here be ready for long wait times and pointless appointments .
they only care about a copay here .
warner family practice is the most disorganized practice i have ever been to .
bad doctors , bad pt staff .
the doctors are a mob that want to make money .
dr. zoltan was curt and weird .
dr. armendariz was a jerk , period .
the pt staff does not do astem .
astem is a physical approach to fixing an ankle .
instead , all i did was strengthen to no avail .
so we set my appointment with her for the following friday .
there are tons of real spas in town , avoid this one .
i can see why this facility has a 2.5 out of 5 rating !
i called twice in one day to try and schedule a mammogram .
i arrive at 1:00 , was asks to sign in and take a seat .
five minutes later i inquired again .
she went in back and same story .
finally a woman approached the counter where i was now standing .
she said `` oh well we 're covering lunches right now '' .
that does n't sound like something that should become your patients ' problem !
they can do all sorts of things with computers these days !
i will not be returning .
there are too many other places in the valley that offer this test .
stephanie smith is a thief with horrific customer service skills .
i filed a better business bureau complaint , to which she never responded .
go elsewhere ... .please .
and when you are dissatisfied , please write to the bbb .
she does not deserve a positive rating .
horrible place to work ! !
should change their name to incomplete care medicine !
the medical assistant who did the lavage was terrible .
i guess it was 2 for 1 , an ear wash and a shower .
not only that i informed both the m.a .
can tell me this , but your pa ca n't ?
how can an emergency room visit take over 6 hours .
i have a 75 year old mother that fell and broke her ankle .
i have been in the emergency room since 5:30 it is now midnight .
how many rooms does a hospital have and why would it take 6 hours .
i got a standard size buddha bowl with rice .
there was nothing special at all about the bowl .
just fresh vegetables diced and marinated tofu .
when i get one it is just that , a splurge .
i work hard for my money and expect to get what i pay for .
my limbs received less than a minute of attention .
my feet and hands were 5-6 seconds each .
yes , i counted because my first arm felt very fast .
i figured it would get better when i was supine .
now , i used to do massage so i know this is n't correct .
i 've had them before and also know it 's not typical .
this was the worst i ever had .
again , i did not ask for that .
i know my back is bad .
please listen to me .
i opted for additional treatment on my feet , which was n't explained .
i thought it was a massage .
i did n't want that .
$ 20 down the drain .
not sure this will be it .
these services are too expensive to not get quality .
and the woman dealing with the lockers was so rude and less than helpful .
i feel it went downhill after that experience .
the hold time to schedule an appointment is beyond unacceptable .
i 've tried calling all different times and its the same thing .
i am certain you can throw down money to properly staff your call centers .
i will not be using simonmed going forward because of this .
i would give a 0 if i could !
i had to constantly follow up on my labs and request a call back .
i had labs done weeks ago and barely heard from their office yesterday .
only for them to refer me to urgent care .
the lab commented that this happens alot from derosa medical .
they were not real confident in handling this situation !
this is so dangerous !
they gave him very little information !
i had an appointment in march for some ear problems .
`` , she said , `` it 's for acid reflux . ''
ear issues are now acid reflux ? ?
you are kidding me ! ! !
i walked out of the office after 1 1/2 hours !
i then reported it to my insurance for fraud !
so that is our fault .
i have never received her call .
i would not refer anyone to derosa medica .
we are both looking forward to visiting with our new dr .
very uncaring and not loving .
your visit are less than 10 min .
pregnancy is a special time and you want to be treated with care .
i just found another doctor but at least client manage called me out of concern
this time it was extremely frustrating .
the techs are pleasant and did n't resolve my problem .
the office staff is incompetent in my experience .
i called 5-7-18 and left a message .
yeah , well bye dr scott lamprecht .
i will never know if you are a good doctor or not .
i ca n't even get mad at these people !
their office is run like a sitcom .
the receptionist was extremely unorganized - she forgot to place my order .
no apologies were made .
bad attitude and terrible customer service .
i 'm taking my business somewhere else .
i would not recommend this place to anyone .
may 4th i went in at 12:30pm for a physical and ekg appointment .
i paid $ 125 up front and got half the service i paid for .
3 people in lobby and 2 hours have already elapsed .
i advise another urgent care .
what 's that ? !
clearly we were not in need of veyo 's services .
i hope veyo in arizona is contacted and this issue is discussed .
thank you for your time and attention with this manner .
do not bring your loved ones here unless you want them to die .
my children lost their father senselessly .
i would not send your loved ones here ! !
hours are advertised as 8am to 8pm , monday through friday .
this is the last time we will try to take business to doctors care .
worst cvs i have ever walked into .
looks like i 'll have to take my business back to walgreens .
learn some basic customer service skills .
this is the worst eye doctor i have ever been too .
every single employee is so rude except for the young man named damon .
i finish and place packet in front of her .
5 minutes passed by and she did n't even touch it .
like as if my appointment was such an inconvenience to her .
they call me back and doctor is super nice !
do n't they want my business ? ? ?
i would never recommend this place to anyone seriously .
off putting staff is one of the worst things in a business .
i was n't impressed.the service was terrible .
she was 100 % correct .
just beware if you do decide to see her .
i have been here twice and they just rush you in the appt .
i asked if i can have a monday appt .
she said we do n't have any .
and her response was i do n't have any mondays .
i said i thought you were open mondays ?
just overall rude customer service and not helpful at all .
going to another place .
she had no idea what she was doing ! !
and had an attitude with me for it ! !
this place does n't get that idea ! !
very disappointed in the customer service here today .
the staff member then warned me to not wake up the ferrets , etc .
just a very strange interaction that made me feel like a complete moron !
this dentist advertises $ 39 x-ray and exam for first time patients without insurance .
i was quoted 99 dollars and that included the full x-ray and exam .
the front office completed the appointment card including writing down the price .
i completed the forms the day prior .
i will update this after i hear from the dr .
a request was sent to him to contact me via his web site .
some staff members seem to have difficulty acknowledging the patient .
this office is so disorganized and just unprofessional .
i have an auto-immune disease which requires monthly blood tests and daily meds .
new ownership is terrible ( north ) .
my son and i returned and she was eating a cob of corn .
she asked to walk on my son 's back .
never have i asked for a refund on a massage , but i did .
unfortunately , the owner would not even return my emails or phone calls .
sadly , no one is left from the original ownership .
i didnt see the doctor i came in for labs .
office visit and labs .
she also has an attitude !
that black lady should not be even working up front !
she did n't offer my arm like these other reviews .
i 'm not kidding when i say extension size pieces of hair .
my best friend immediately saw the chunks on my head .
this was completely intentional .
she should be hit by a truck .
i do n't really recommend this clinic at least for hair removal .
this place is the worst .
i dread my visits .
came in for an x-ray of my sons neck that was ordered stat .
office was not busy and was told it would be 20 minutes tops .
we waited over an hour before finally being called back for the xray .
made it very clear they do n't really care about business or customer care .
i have had better and faster service in a busy ed .
would recommend avoiding this office and choosing another location .
and insisted i stay for ten more minutes for the foot massage .
do not go there ! !
definitely would not recommend dr. kaplan .
all in all , this left me with a very bad experience .
they committed to do some work for us and then would n't return calls .
once they finally agreed to a start date they never showed .
we then set another date for the work and they did n't show again .
no advance notice that they would n't be able to keep their commitment .
on top of that , the quality of service here is pathetic .
i would n't come here again .
you have to leave a message each and every time ... and wait .
the morning of the appt .
no one attempted to show they cared .
stating that his appt .
needed to be rescheduled .
my dad received no such communication .
we were patients with pearl stein for a few years maybe like 3 years .
needless to say mothers instincts should mean something .
we have had the best care now with our new doctors .
or getting a second opinion go find the top doctors in town .
there are many peds that do see their own kids in at hospitals
do n't even waste your time using his service .
he never showed up and then stopped answering calls and texts .
nurses do not have basic skills of being able to communicate effectively .
came in at about 6pm on sunday evening .
they were the trays to refill and replace foods in the food bar .
the food bar also did n't have but a few of the dishes labeled .
it seemed no nicer than any other grocery store .
the check out stands were not neatly organized or clean .
it should be several notches above a normal grocery store in terms of presentation .
that cart of food i mentioned at the beginning ?
the ma takes me to the back , ask me why am i here .
i say chest pain , dizziness and issues with sleep .
she says and i kid you not , can you pick one reason ?
you have to make other appts for all the diff reasons .
i said but those are my symptoms ! !
appt over ! ! ! ! !
what the heck was that ? ? ?
i told her she was a horrible person and left crying .
i went there and got the full body massage .
we will never be back .
it 's a great classes !
but ! ! ! !
they will ask from you only $ 77 dollars for unlimited 28 days workout .
it does n't say that it 's only first month or for new clients !
this is the worst that i 've ever been to .
they should have at least put the shade down .
i left there feeling as stressed as i was walking in .
terrible service , all they wanted was a tip .
not worth the groupon i purchased .
they did n't even explain the detox process .
do n't waste your money here..
`` because the doctors were swapping systems . ''
they never even looked at the reason why were visiting either .
it was `` oh you 're wife is fat . ''
but we 're here about a boil on her leg ...
okay about my bill `` diabetes ! ! ! ! ''
and this ingrown toenail `` diabetes ! ! ! ! ''
or this weird hair `` diabetes ! ! ! ! ''
no they never actually looked at anything .
never saw jurani either it was always some backwards ass nurse practicioner .
so here 's the real question ?
why am i charged for only half the year ?
well you know the answer i got ... .
i have never really had issues here .
but the last two times i came here it was just terrible .
2 ) i just received probably the worst massages ever !
i am a member there and this was terrible !
if they can fix my issue that would be great !
do n't call them !
they ca n't even see if your insurance is covered .
they make you do all the work .
what a disappointment ! ! !
please do n't spend your money where they are so very un- generous .
the owner , he is not gracious .
support somewhere led by someone who cares for you while taking cash only .
our experience was extremely negative .
firstly , throughout the entire consultation we were exposed to observing medical students .
this is fine if one is asked first and then consents .
we were n't asked and did n't consent .
dr christensen essentially bullied us , insisting that they be present .
the patient did n't feel respected as a client .
but here 's the reason i decided i would absolutely submit a negative review .
the patient had suffered needlessly for months .
in fact we were quite seriously misled .
one star feels generous .
i have a problem with liars and not being showed respect .
i left their office shortly after as did my brother and grandparents .
do n't go here if you have a job ... or a life .
atrocious front office staff .
extremely unprofessional and need training .
no message to be found .
they could care less .
please please please avoid this place at all cost ! !
no problem with dr.hamburg 's care .
when i complained to the office manager , she was extremely rude ! !
because of her anti-patient attitude , i will not be back .
why will they not honor something i already paid for ?
i take sublingual allergy drops which require a number of special requirements .
i asked to be treated via this method because of my busy travel schedule .
however , it has proved to be nothing but trouble for me .
i was told by the lab it is a legal requirement to do so .
many of the site 's instructions and forms require a medical office membership .
i have not managed to find any such legal requirement .
neither seem to exist .
i would not advise anyone go here .
this place is the worst place to get scrubs ! !
the gentleman working was clueless and very inconsiderate ! !
this customer service is awful ! !
thanks for ripping me off !
i 'm just not a fan of marc 's .
whenever i go the queues are so long .
the `` new '' conveyor belts they got are old .
they need a self-check out lane and i might consider trying the place again .
i agree with corey , the office is very disorganized .
neither the doctor nor the nurse seemed to know what they were doing .
based on my results they prescribe you certain medication .
it was way 2 expensive but i agreed on getting it anyways .
the medication is shipped to u from out of town .
you do not even want to know how much medication costs .
its not like i have them lined up ready to go to his office .
that is his job ! !
the blood work is about $ 2000 and with insurance i paid $ 200 .
they just left me hanging .
i do n't know .
maybe cause i was n't doing his job ( promoting his business ) .
again , i do n't know .
i highly suggest to stay away from this place as far as possible .
they are very professional and have been doing this for a long time .
insurance is accepted ( unlike lifexmd shadyville ) .
this office has horrible customer service .
first off i had a appointment at 4pm .
they schedule 15 kids at the same time .
my name , which i wrote 30 minutes ago , is not there .
but wait i was never called .
omg i almost exploded .
how ridiculous and incompetent .
you can also expect the billing department to get it wrong too .
i recently had a baby and am not impressed with their care for newborns/babies .
i do n't recommend palo verde pediatrics .
everything they 've assembled is coming undone .
upon leaving my review , i was called by the owner and threatened .
we will be seeking damages for monetary loss .
months after we completed work and you may have asked for more .
please do n't makecthis hard on everyone . ''
he called me a crybaby bitch , a fuckin pussy , a woman .
all he wanted to do was fight me .
i told him i 'm not about that .
i think they have some major drug issues .
again , if stay away .
trampoline assembly and furniture assembly .
both owned by joe .
joseph eafrate is so rude and condescending .
he is not a good medical provider .
he does not listen to you when you are trying to explain something .
he is always in a rush and does not care about the patient .
in fact , shai/ shy ( spelling ? )
the negative attitude and competence here is shocking .
i would never recommend this place to anyone .
i would give them a zero star if that was an option .
do not waste your money here .
they also charge for a contact lense fitting like seriously ? ?
i 've been wearing contacts for several years .
nearly takes 3 weeks to get in .
not coming here again .
i never write bad reviews but man was i unlucky here .
this place is so slow !
it 's ridiculous how long the wait is ! !
how is it possible to run so far behind !
i have better things to do with my time away from work than wait .
worst customer service ever .
we regularly get $ 20 massages at other foot spas .
never again will we come back for luke warm water and dirty towels !
at the end the man at the counter asked , `` together ? ''
and my friend said , `` no , separate . ''
though she insisted on $ 18 , she ended up agreeing to $ 20 .
the massages were fine but not worth the frustrating experience of being overcharged .
did i already say that we will never again return to this place ?
use a different company if you can .
i also told them to ship it to my vet .
i was also told that the order would be sent out the same day .
i gave them the credit card billing information and thought i was good .
needless to say , this place needs help ! ! ! !
only gets 1 star because i ca n't leave 0 stars !
what a waste of time on my part .
i remember something like this happening before and i tell cigna this .
i explain that i do n't understand why they do n't receive these requests .
they do almost everywhere else !
anyway , this is totally a first world problem and i get that .
this is a patient mill .
i brought my girlfriend here because she was having complications after having a surgery .
i liked how friendly the staff was .
they took the time to remember my name and the scheduling was very easy .
i remember why i do n't typically have someone wax my body for me .
i got the extended bikini wax .
i will just continue to buy the in-store waxing kits and do it myself .
pros : -lovely spa interior and exterior .
-lovely front desk employees .
-experience was not worth the price .
and that 's why it get 's two stars from me .
this is how they take your hard earned money from you .
so my friend had to pay the office visit by herself in cash .
this is the new clinic inside walmart .
the quality of service is hit or miss .
just because you saw an episode of house m.d .
over the weekend , does n't mean you should apply it to your life .
according to my provider the image was not taken from the requested angle .
overall , not impressed .
we paid for expedited shipping and paid for the order via pay-pal .
that was five days ago and i have never heard back from them .
i am now trying to get a refund from liftchair.com .
do not order anything from this company .
this policy was never communicated to me as a customer either in-person or otherwise .
doctor was very nice though .
very dirty facilities , rude staff , horrible management . !
there 's even mold in the patient rooms.. !
please dont go here , dont send anyone you care about to this hell hole..
may be he should be practicing in hollywood or at the white house .
it is easy to pass the bucket .
you are still getting 0 stars from me .
i will not go back here and be treated this way again .
stay away if you can
this places employs people that prescribe medication for children that do not need it .
this place should be out of business .
i was really bothered by this practice .
she made me extremely uncomfortable and the entire appointment felt weird .
that being said , i will be looking elsewhere for my healthcare needs .
do n't bother making an appointment .
that to me is a little absurd !
the lobby is run down .
i 've been coming here for years .
i might have to give up soon
i 'll keep this short .
they also never answer their phone .
it would ring 10-15 times every time i called .
this is not a place to trust with your medical needs .
update 5/30/2016 : received a bill for $ 2.24 this week .
my bill also said 120+ days overdue .
refused to fix 1 nail .
broke a nail traveling and they refused to fix it .
never seen anything like it .
stay away from this establishment ! !
this place is worthless .
office manager is brainless and incompetent .
just the worst experience ever .
i cracked my tooth and he stabbed the numbing in me like a nightmare .
pulled my front tooth out so brutally .
i thought to myself this is how it should be .
he attempted to do a `` shallow '' implant .
? ? ? what ?
then his booking secretary ! ! !
i will never return and i will not refer anyone to his office ever .
i have to make a follow up appt .
you have no idea how this was a horrible experience for me .
very very rude staff ! ! !
i called to make an appointment and the receptionist was horrible !
i was told i would receive emails with information i needed .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
apparently whoever i scheduled with did n't really make my appointment .
they had a girl od ing in the bathroom .
i just want to speak with a doctor .
i would give her all 5 stars , she tries to get us seen .
do n't waste your time and money like i did .
look up mark fugit orthodics .
he custom makes them for your feet at less than 200 !
they would rather laugh and talk amongst themselves .
i was there one night and the fire alarm went off .
it was very loud , super disturbing and completely ruined my massage .
they took my name and number and i was told they would call me .
i was cancelling my membership because i was moving overseas .
i 'm so furious .
this makes me feel like the manager told me that on purpose .
the therapists are also very inconsistent .
find another establishment for massage .
this place will give you more headaches than it will take care of .
update : a manager called me and gave me 2 hours of massage credits .
this place is a complete money grabbing setup .
avoid at all cost .
i 've never had a worst dental experience .
tried twice at 8pm and 9pm and no bother to call back .
would never recommend this place
i was told a scheduler would call me to make an appointment .
remember , i have extreme abdominal pain .
they said they would have the scheduler call me right away .
i did ask for her name and number before hanging up .
her excuse is she does n't have a phone by her computer ! ! !
have you seen that multimillion dollar building ?
that was a line of crap .
this is unacceptable ! !
i ca n't believe how unorganized they are .
they were so limited compared to the ones i am used to in california .
i wish we had a better whole food close by .
even with the green and brown phlegm .
he prescribed me a steroidal nasal spray .
i knew something was n't right due to me coughing all night .
that 's why i 've been coughing so much .
it 's always unreliable .
also they had a child working at the front answering phone calls .
never going back again .
i would give 0 stars if i could .
i would give it 0 stars if i could .
they can barely handle making appointments .
i got a groupon for reiki .
the minute clinic is absolutely worthless .
she did n't even turn on the check-in kiosk until 10:10am .
first patient was seen at 10:25. wtf cvs , get your act together .
this place f***king sucks ! !
if i could give them a 0 i would .
they advertise themselves as urgent care yet they are n't .
i went there because i thought i had a bladder infection .
they told me i did n't .
i took my daughter there also and just got the same bill for her .
front office staff is very unprofessional .
i have had 3 appointments there .
i then explained my frustration from previous visits and the wait time .
i left the office and will not return .
it 's a shame ... .i really like the doctors .
dr. sharma has charged my insurance anyway ) .
my wife has almost lost her life due to inexperience of dr. sharma .
i am going to report her to authorities as well .
incompetent , and dishonest .
not in my case .
i am glad i got 2nd opinion from a professional periodontist .
dr. sharma has charged my insurance anyway ) .
my wife has almost lost her life due to inexperience of dr. sharma .
i am going to report her to authorities as well .
incompetent , and dishonest .
not in my case .
i am glad i got 2nd opinion from a professional periodontist .
i went in for the drug test & was unfortunate to get her .
i have long black hair .
it was n't even a clean cut .
before cutting my hair she kept telling me how beautiful my hair was .
i was so upset & i made sure she knew it .
her response was , `` i 'm sorry honey . ''
i find this very unprofessional .
i ca n't even get an appointment with these people !
my daughter 's pediatrician referred us here .
i 've been calling for 5 days .
i 'm getting a new referral .
i was told i needed lab work and needed to be fasting .
a half an hour went by , still sitting there waiting .
so i went to the front desk , asking `` how much longer ?
`` ... i had to get back to work ! !
do n't think they even noticed to be honest .
terrible customer service ! ! !
never going back there again !
extremely rude and condescending .
i have always had a great experience here in the past .
the reception was not only rude but uninformed .
had been seeing dr. kim , who is always prompt .
answered the assistant 's questions and given a gown to change into .
she left saying dr. r `` would be in in a few minutes '' .
okay , clearly i was n't the next person to be seen .
i 've had better experience in the other locations .
worst dr ever just wanted to do injections never even looked at my records .
follow up -- just got paperwork from my insurance company .
original price was set as an `` estimate price '' of care .
( while we no longer even live in the state . )
a bill from a professional is for services rendered .
i can not imagine we are the only family he has done this to .
sorry but i 'm done .
i 'll go somewhere else where they appreciate my business .
i would give this place a negative star if i could .
i went there for a simple medical visit , medication refill .
one of my medication requires prior authorization before the pharmacy can fill it .
it has been about 8 weeks since my visit .
save yourself the frustration , do n't go there !
no apology , no explanation .
went in again yesterday just to get labs .
the massage itself consisted of the few same movements over and over again .
most of which consisted of my butt area which was quite uncomfortable .
i will not be coming back !
i have had a surgery scheduled for over a month .
the billing person called to tell me i needed to pay up front .
i tried calling back repeatedly but only got voice mail .
who leaves work at 1:30 in the afternoon ? ? ?
it 's clear my time means nothing to them .
i 'll find another doctor who respects me , my time and her commitments .
complete waste of money !
i had close to no privacy ( second red flag ) .
this ended up being the worst part of all .
i was so confused .
shit , still am !
the worse in nevada as i have been there three times and no results .
i 'm giving 1 star for bad business practices .
i brought 2 daughters and myself for 1 hr massages .
i decided to stay anyway , as it would be the same price elsewhere .
if i could give zero stars , i would .
no one answers the phone .
they might call you back , if they get around to it .
but usually not , because they 're so busy .
the front office is the worst bunch of women i 've ever dealt with .
i put my total faith in doctor lundgren , that was a huge mistake .
i advise anybody , be careful what you sign , read it completely .
my first question was are you accepting new patient ?
response : hmm yeah with a not so nice tone .
second question do you accept cigna ?
uhhh yeah , hold on a minute .
before i could say anything i was placed on hold .
no no no ! !
i will not be scheduling a appointment here .
first encounter is front desk , the young ladies were very pleasant .
now it was a wait over an hour from our schedule appointment .
we watched as people coming in after us were immediately called back .
when she came to the room and asked why was she being seen ? .
wow , this place is awful .
this is a good store with good food .
the prices high and the manager is not friendly .
as a parent i showed up when instructed to by the staff .
i had to pay $ 100 for the third visit .
i openly expressed that i would need a cavity refilled when making the appointment .
i am only available on saturday 's .
when i went back to the chair , they took x-rays .
finally , the dentist came over and explained what i already knew .
for a cavity filling ! ! !
turns out , she does n't fill cavities on saturdays !
also , $ 250 to fill a cavity is crazy !
do not see dr freeman at this office !
the way i was treated in this office was worst experience ever .
it seems apparent now why they have to advertise so much .
i 've not shopped at wal-mart in about two years .
and what a chore that was .
she asked me to call back the following day .
the next day , my experience getting ahold of someone was about the same .
after all of this , i was getting pretty livid .
the following day i called wal-mart and demanded to speak with a manager .
i finally got one on the line .
she never called me back .
the next day was a nearly identical repeat performance .
i told her that a manager yesterday failed to get back to me .
she told me , `` i 'm going to take care of this . ''
she never got back to me .
i do n't recall her name .
so , there you have it .
for a lost bookcase .
i 'd still be waiting for the thing if i did nothing .
i 'll never make another purchase from wal-mart again .
very disappointed and short sighted .
i saw him once , after i registered as a new patient .
yes i believe he would probably be a great physician to have .
sadly , i ca n't make an appointment to see him again .
as a former patient at ctca , i know what dignified cancer treatment entails .
this is n't it .
mayo clinic here i come .
farida rassiwala was unprofessional and rude .
she ought to be reeducated about the patient 's bill of rights .
first line states , `` be treated with dignity and respect '' .
she disregarded that with me .
she just wanted her day to be over with .
tis all i can say .
the spa itself is a gross tired looking lavender colour .
front desk is beyond unorganized .
they all need to get on one system !
they are so unorganized ! ! !
i really hate this location .
i wish i was treated with more respect .
further , phone calls to ask questions about treatment were not returned .
the whole place is a big mill organized to make money for the practice .
stay away from westfield .
poor poor slow service today .
this place is horrible ..why ?
i 'm so mad at this place and would never return .
done and done -- happy to shop at more socially progressive grocery stores .
i will not be returning .
i wasted enough time , energy , gas , & paid time off already .
love whole foods , but not the people that go to this one .
trader joe 's has less stuck up people that think you owe them something !
love everything in here though !
my appt was at 330pm , and its 440pm , this is ridiculous .
something needs to change , maybe try not double book patients ...
ca n't get past the receptionist - she 's terrible .
call 2 : forwarded her the xrays .
i said i 'd get back to her once i checked with my insurance .
call 3 : just moved here , so got my insurance card from hr .
told the receptionist where i work , etc .
told her my health information .
she told me it was wrong .
... and continues to actively make fun of me on the phone .
it is literally traumatic to speak to her .
simply the worst service i 've ever had anywhere in any industry .
dr. richard lieber is fantastic and my review has nothing to do with him .
he clearly has too many patients already .
not to long ago , i was referred to dr. santucci .
my four front teeth had braces when i came here .
my front teeth had been straight and closed together .
i really did n't want oral surgery !
a few weeks after that we noticed my teeth separating from one another .
he then left with no explanation of what will happen next .
the entire staff was awkward and unfriendly .
i really feel like i wasted an hour of my life .
i just feel like the service is inconsistent .
all i got was an excuse that they lost a good employee .
im not angry just very very very unsatisfied .
go at your own risk .
my experience with this store was awful .
i will never go to this store again .
do not trust them .
they would probably give you the wrong prescription .
my compliant is in regards to greedy , unethical practices regarding that exam .
i called my insurance and confirmed this service was covered at 100 % .
i called wfp and scheduled `` my free wellness physical '' .
during the exam my doctor ordered multiple tests based on our conversation .
later i saw wfp had charged my card for hundreds of dollars !
that week i also receive another $ 200 bill for that one postponed test .
in total my free wellness examination cost me $ 600+ .
i had been going to this office for years .
until my dentist suddenly left and i was n't told .
no letter of introduction .
why am i to trust my care to someone i do n't know ?
the front office is a complete disaster !
their sensitivity to a patient undergoing 3 hours of dental procedures was abysmal .
then they charged me for something and it was incorrect .
willing to be accommodating , i said no problem just credit my card .
i was told they can not refund to a credit card !
i have never heard of that with any business !
i will never use this dental practice again .
ummm ... .no i 'm not .
i have no missed calls on any of my 3 phone numbers .
the '' office manager '' was the one that was saying all this too .
why would so show up late ?
their customer service has always been an issue with me from day one .
that was just the beginning !
so did retainer he have me that was supposed to be invisalign .
i do n't want to play that game .
i do n't understand how their staff ca n't answer the phone .
this place should be shut down .
the staff is horrible .
they are rude and do n't care about anyone .
the doctors barely speak english and make you feel uncomfortable .
do not go here if you care about your health .
the decor is beautiful but my experience was not that relaxed .
it was supposed to be a introduction .
she did n't even ask me if the bright light could be turned down .
i felt distracted by the other clientele coming in the room .
i did not feel like my belongings would be safe in the locker .
they are over priced and not very honest .
what a waste of my money .
( and no i did n't get there close to closing time ) .
ummm , seriously ? ? ?
get off my back !
i 'm paying you , so i can take as long as i like !
oh , & of course they rushed the paint job which looked atrocious .
it 's been 4 days and have had issues seeing .
thus place sucks and they are soooooo rude .
i 'd rather pay full price than go there for insurance !
this was not a good decision .
we then reiterated our desire for only materials that were covered by insurance .
we were ultimately given the option to reorder the glasses with the requested materials .
we agreed , and are currently waiting for the remade lenses .
needless to say , we will not be going back .
after being a patient here for years and years it was time to leave .
getting ahold of anyone in that office is an absolute joke .
communication is unbelievably low in this office .
i have been reasonably satisfied until today .
i will never visit this urgent care again .
the online `` reservation '' system is the biggest joke of all time .
a reservation that means nothing !
but does n't fully enter the room .
no apology , no nothing .
it was a bizarre experience !
the physical exam was very cursory - maybe 90 seconds .
and no answers to the symptoms .
the directions listed on the website were good and i found it quite easily .
i will not make this mistake again .
they do not have any cell phone reception in that building .
they discontinued their guest wifi to save money obviously .
is that the best place they have to refer ?
they have such old equipment .
i wonder if they give a kickback to the center for their referrals .
it makes me wonder .
the doctors do not care about the patients .
they do n't look too hard for any real issues you may have .
they are content to take your money .
that is the feeling i get .
the place is one big cash register .
go and see for yourself .
i personally will be switching to another office .
money , money , money .
they will not work with you and their payment plans are unreasonable .
me and my cancer will have to go someplace cheaper .
docs seem to be good and staff , but too expensive for me
i have received a promotional free class for a month .
i had to call in to register for a class .
i left a message explaining that i have a voucher for a free class .
have not received a call back .
why give out free passes if you can not honor them .
yes , said kirsten ... glycolic peels are wonderful for my condition .
i filled out all the paperwork and consent forms for glycolic peels .
she is a brilliant saleswoman , i will give her that .
approximately 3 weeks later it was time for another peel .
she exclaimed that my face was looking so much better !
was her memory about my particular skin condition that good ?
i said : `` i do n't know ! ''
**feeling especially naked without any make up on** .
he said : `` do you know you have a bacterial infection ? ''
me : `` whaaat ? ? ? `` .
like i said , she 's a wonderful salesperson , and she hooked me .
however , kirsten does not give refunds .
she has never given refunds in the history of her business .
i was mad at her attitude .
anyways , kirsten she hung up on me .
so , with kirstens math , i had 200 dollars left .
4 peels + 1 cleanser = $ 680 .
my friends in town who used to go to her wo n't go anymore .
beware of sales tactics , and what you 're signing .
this drastically delayed every process .
will the regional management step in ?
just went to this location for my son .
we got in quickly , waited awhile between nurses , doctor and x-rays .
overall , that part of my visit was a typical urgent care experience .
it was what came next that i felt was unprofessional .
we where misinformed while trying to get my sons records to our family doctor .
so i made many phone calls to figure out the problem .
the one star is for taylor , he was helpful and polite .
otherwise avoid this place .
they overcharge and never file the insurance correctly .
do not go here .
i ca n't believe they would tell me such a thing !
i would rather give zero stars .
this is the third time coming to this location .
the biggest mistake was choosing this place .
i signed up to yelp just so i can write this .
i left the office in tears this morning .
the receptionists are the worst .
the woman who answered was pretty rude .
i was shocked and i said well everything really .
she keeps leaving ! `` ...
please save yourself some pain/trouble and do not come here .
changed dermatologists , asked that all records be transferred .
much room for improvement in the services rendered .
tip is given for good service !
the masseuse did n't do a good job either .
she seemed new and inexperienced .
dr. jenny h. kim is the worst eye doctor ever .
if you have an appointment .
you can forget about being seen at your appointment time .
this will be the last time my family of 6 ate coming here .
my previous 4 visits over the past four months have been frustrating .
they can not keep up with their stock .
i think it 's time to take a break from shopping at trader joes .
i see internet based posting noting problems with infections - judge for yourself .
in my case he placed an implant which caused all sorts of problems .
nothing about the work brannon did worked out for me .
some of the other dentists , such as dr. bravara i would recommend highly .
she says think of sativa as a cup of coffee .
hybrid as lunch and indica a little heavier like dinner .
what does that tell me ?
not impressed at all .
i will stay on my side of town to shop .
every time it 's a horrible experience ( illness aside ) .
that said , i liked our doctor there .
i believe he 's retired now .
urgent care reception staff could use a morale boost .
but they do n't hide it well at all .
they are greedy and only look out to line their own pockets .
he wants the insurance money .
the receptionist went to ask him again and again he said no .
my recommendation for someone looking for a dermatologist who cares and is n't greedy ?
5 lawsuits in 2 years !
http : //www.superiorcourt.maricopa.gov/docket/civilcourtcases/casesearchresults.asp ? lastname= & firstname= & bname=global+pharmedica .
i would never come back here .
i feel rip off .
one guy said $ 40 and the other said $ 60 an hour .
i end up paid $ 60 an hour .
i have to agree with joanna .
we were not impressed with this office or dr. syms .
dr dao is rude and wo n't listen to any concerns you have .
he refused to read previous reffering ophthalmologist notes .
he checked my daughter eye and said it looks fine beside inflammation .
now let me remind you he checked her eyes in less than one minute .
uncaring doctors please pay someone else that truly care !
stay away from this place
for the most part the staff is not very friendly .
they act like you are interrupting their visiting time .
the only positive about this office is there is a large selection of glasses .
a bride 's worst nightmare .
this is my pretty middle finger in your face , joya .
i will tell everyone i know what a joke you are .
the products are marked up .
and the poor quality of services is awful .
you want to hear some drama ?
it 's crazy that all the notes from my reassuring phone conversations when amiss .
my facial was terrible .
when you come here you are truly just a number .
the lady never asked what skin regimen or products i use .
she just gestured to settle in and just started poking my face .
she was so rough and rushed .
oh really little girl ?
do n't go asking for bridezilla .
oh no you did n't .
you are damn right i 'm pissed .
the front office woman was nice and seemed quite competent .
she observed me from a distance with her arms folded .
their hours start at 7am .
the 5 people waiting by then , one tech .
then appointments started to show up too .
so another hour wait .
do n't use them without an appointment .
the lady said i had an ingrown toenail and ripped it out .
the next day my toe is infected and pussing like crazy .
this place is unclean .
wish i could upload pic .
i waited for a long time to see the doctor .
i wo n't be coming back again .
never go to this place .
not professional , not kind , poor knowledge .
we tried to contact them for the bill , but nobody answered .
at that point i told them to keep the watermelon .
never again will i be purchasing rotten fruit from whole foods .
there are two identical suite addresses within the same complex .
go to sprouts market first then angle south from their parking lot .
unbelievably ignorant location address conflict .
when you find the place , plan on insensitive , unisex service .
of course he 's fully dressed .
i backed up , shut the door and vowed i 'd never be back .
i told the female tech to get that man out now .
by this time i 'm really angry .
the insensitivity of these people shocks me .
you 're not running a car wash for god 's sake .
i have no idea how this place is in business !
i 've never been to a salon that wo n't accommodate their customers !
took a uber here and was turned away !
so not only did this place waste my time , but my money too !
`` we do n't do just 1 nail '' .
`` we can do , $ 45 '' ... .
they charge to remove color ?
what was unbelievable was they were not busy at all !
just sitting around watching tv .
just do n't go here !
this business is run very poorly .
i have no idea what has happened here since last year in er .
i was there 7 hours .
did not even get my medicines right tried to give me duplicate xrays .
did not see a dr for 3 hours .
guess what now they want her to fax a copy .
explained what i was looking for sold me the wrong thing .
explained why i was looking for it .
the sales rep still teied to sell me something else !
the sales reo told me thay what i was buying could be refilled .
it was only a refill itself .
ten min aftwr leaving i found out and called .
manager insisted he watched entire tramsaction and was there the whole time .
no one was near us at all !
i tried to explaon it had been ten min i needed to exchange .
he told me i could come in and buy a pen .
im not sure why !
manager ignored my requests .
manager kept insisting his employee gave me good info .
i was completely disgusted !
i wasted $ 30 !
wo n't be back !
a `` wellness '' plan does not consist of making me mad and tense !
this office has so much turnover of dentists and hygienists and i know why .
very unprofessional , long wait times and they are constantly messing up insurance .
i really suggest-go somewhere else ! !
i was referred here by my general dentist for my daughter for cavities .
2 hours after the dentist initially looked in her mouth to get the fillings .
at the second appointment we waited 40 minutes past our scheduled time .
if i could leave a comment without a star i would .
i was in pain for 3-5 days after my cleaning .
used to be an awesome practice when he first opened !
i was one of his first customers in those early months .
yeah i did n't love the quote system ... it was high pressure .
free whitening gimmick was n't really free .
they go through hygienists like tissues ... one you like disappears .
i think i need to look around for someone new .
we are leaving the practice .
they told me there was no one i could see until the following morning .
we did and she did in fact have an infection .
it took 5 min at an urgent care and a $ 300 bill later .
she would have had someone see her- really ?
it takes no time to run urine .
he ruined the entire unit worth $ 30k .
no remorse and no acceptance of responsibility .
i urge any and all to stay clear of this incompetent doctor .
it 's all about him , not his patients .
worst er ever ! ! !
if i could give this hospital zero stars i definitely would .
dr. miyake greeted me and listened to my heartbeat .
i am the patient .
i am in pain .
the staff was completely unresponsive until i repeated my request .
he handed me discharge papers and pointed me to the door .
not one staff member came to see how i was doing while i waited .
i am extremely disappointed in the lack of service and medical attention i received .
i think dr. ruggieri is an excellent doctor .
the issue i would comment on is his staff .
i found many of them to be rude or unprofessional .
the whole office seemed to have subtle contempt for the patients .
then there were a few incidents that pushed the envelope of professionalism .
i was left in an examination room for at least a half hour .
they were actually telling jokes about it and laughing .
i went to get the stitches out last wednesday .
when i said no , he fished around some more & found another one .
all the time he was wheezing up close to my face and coughing .
it was really uncomfortable .
not impressive , & these are just examples .
i have to say that the experience after visiting the facility was horrendous .
went in for consultation and treatment .
left unimpressed with dr david smith .
its good to raise your standards , but never lower .
the experience was well below sub-par to say the least .
i had a groupon with fk laser .
i agree with the other comments about dr. f 's communication skills .
also , the high pressure sales at the 1st appointment were definitely not appreciated .
however , all this would be manageable if the treatment was great .
it certainly was not the soprano one i 've experienced at other places .
i can recommend it either .
worst ever ! ! !
i had my eyeglasses ordered here last year .
unfortunately , the lenses were too thick and not the super-thin lenses i ordered .
i brought it back to have them replace the lens , which they did .
i went home and went to my former optometrist .
( my left eye needs a higher grade than the right . )
if i had not seen another optometrist , i would not have known this .
please be careful with the glasses you order from this shop .
i would recommend getting your glasses made elsewhere .
have been going to lenscrafters for years but will not be returning .
i would have expected this to be de rigeur !
slow , old , unclean .
this place.demonstrates the need for competition in imaging .
i will not come back .
small loud waiting area with a tv for extra noise .
i 'm sure i 'll get some cursory response from someone at the company .
we deserve better than this crudhole .
then she says he sees 60-80 patients a day .
whatever you do make sure to never have him as a doctor .
it 's been a mess .
to be fair i can not speak on any other dr in this establishment .
i hope this saves someone from a mess .
so i spent thousands of dollars on hair removal from brazilian to face .
every time i came here they tried to sell me something else .
it never did work better .
the employees are awesome , however the product is n't .
i went to valley pain and wellness center because they offered allergy drops .
now i know why .
i even discontinued my outdoor runs/walks because i thought i had bad allergies outside .
very nice staff but i 'm super angry i was so misled .
they no longer do reflexology type massages .
prices are similar to full body massages you can get at strip hotels .
too bad it was very nice here .
the customer service at this place is absolutely horrendous .
now i have to cancel my appointment and reschedule all due to their inefficiency .
if you can avoid this place , please do .
please whatever you do do not go to goodman and partridge !
are you kidding me ? ? ? ? ?
guess the drivers kept cancelling for a reason ? really ?
this is what you guys do to special needs teens ?
and no wonder the dispatchers would not tell me what was going on .
shady practices & people ! !
went here because they were highly rated .
they took x-rays did the 360 degree x-ray also .
$ 250 outta pocket that the insurance could have covered !
karma on these people .
****update had the owner of the business make contact .
would not recommend this business to anyone !
: ( wish i never messed with my veins ... ...
i joined my sister to celebrate her birthday at the joya spa .
when we arrived at the facility , there was immediate confusion .
i then ended up entering the yoga class late , which was awkward .
the yoga class was a little frustrating .
the instructor talked a lot .
the locker room was also very crowded .
she did n't even say excuse me !
slightly relaxing but i would n't say it was a `` good '' massage .
definitely not worth the money i paid for it .
i never did get my tour .
never got to do the crystal/rock thing that i read about online .
even the whisper room was full of super chatty women .
i would suggest joya spa amps up their customer service and overall customer experience .
the front desk personal should at least attempt to be cordial to the patients .
my fist 4 sessions were a waste of time and money .
they set the treatment too low to be effective .
it took 4 sessions of my complaining before they adjusted the treatment .
i would give this place -5stars .
the staff is rude and clueless .
she told me that they were already looking into it .
the last time i called to schedule she hung up on me twice .
their communication is very very poor .
i went in and all he could do was confirm that i did .
he gave me paperwork for another blood test and an ultrasound .
i do not even understand how this would be possible .
i left without any answers and even more confusion .
this place is a scam .
she just kept rubbing the same spot on my feet and arms .
i kept cringing because the repetitive rubbing just ended up irritating my skin .
on the wall , they suggest $ 10 for a `` happy experience '' .
as in `` i 'm dead tired ! `` .
oh and all these 5 star reviews you see on this page ?
people got $ 3 off to write them .
that 's $ 45 and 60 minutes i 'm never getting back .
my experience is extremely similar to michele h. 's below .
she was very rude and condescending and forced me to make an appointment immediately .
they immediately got defensive and questioned why i would want a second opinion .
they eventually agreed to send the xrays , but they never actually sent them .
luckily , i ended up cancelling my appointment and never had these procedures done .
please no one else go to this corrupt , unprofessional office !
they should be shut down !
your office needs to show some compassion dr. bartholomew !
i went in today for the first time .
i stopped giving my social to medical offices long ago with no problem .
this is by far the worst obgyn you can go to in vegas !
well things have changed for this doctor .
first of all , she is no longer with box canyon .
she now is with calderon medical on south valley view .
it 's very run down around that area .
the staff is rude and uncaring .
in fact one just seemed mean to one of the patients .
i had to wait for 4 hours and 15 minutes to see an assistant .
to see the doctor i would 've had to have waited another hour .
i seriously needed medication , but i ended up leaving , in tears .
i will never go there again .
this waiting room is by far the worst i 've ever been to .
waiting times are extremely long .
never ever ever go to becky gonzales .
switched to dr knapp-so far other than the aforementioned she has been ok .
the doctors used to be good .
lately , you can never get your doctor , always someone new .
random doctors you get do n't seem to be knowledgeable or care .
several times we 've gotten wrong diagnosis , including this week .
it is sad that this originally a very good office gotten so bad .
the place is understaffed and over crowded with patients .
we wo n't go back and wo n't recommend this place to anyone .
appointments : they wo n't answer the phone .
finally got the 2nd lab form !
lunch was at 1200-1 on the door .
i guess they do n't need the money ! !
unethical practices this pertains to some of their suppliers as well .
they continually sell moldy berries .
old wilted produce kept on shelve too long .
they will even say it is the suppliers fault for such item conditions .
stop selling stuff that you would n't take home to your mother .
i brought all 3 of my kids there at the same time .
two of my kids were scared and not being very cooperative .
because of her i am not sure we will be back .
today i learned why i 've taken that road .
yep , i ca n't even imagine how hard your job is .
what do i know .
i will be seeking out a new gynecologist , if it makes any difference .
i doubt they even know cpr .
they wash your linens , hand out meds , and wake you up .
on to the next explosive mess .
dr. horne , 190 years old and uses 100 year old techniques and remedies .
he prescribes the same medications for everyone !
it 's actually quite weird .
how can every patient need the same medications at pretty much the same doses ?
they ended up turning that shit on me .
like all other rehabs this place is an insurance mill ! !
they beat the same shit into your head every single day .
i am in disbelief that they are able to continue the way they do .
my boyfriend was in extreme pain and the customer service was atrocious .
this whole foods needs serious help with management .
i was here today with my 2 little ones .
i by honest mistake stood in the express lane .
then she started to mumble that how i could n't read the sign .
i asked her if there was a bigger problem .
she got really upset and called the manager .
you would think that manager will have some sense in calming her down ! !
manager started to yell at me .
my little one started crying and i was just left in complete shock !
all this for not reading a stupid sign !
mind you i have 3 graduate degrees and i can read .
one star for this place for many reasons .
i arrived and had a stylist work on my nails .
i needed two nails replaced while away at work ( thumb and index ) .
i requested sns dip powder .
i was n't happy with them when i left .
sns does n't peel .
manager was 20 minutes late opening due to his tardiness .
i 'm a flight attendant .
5. he said they did not refund , only fix .
i needed to head back to the hotel .
she said she could not refund .
7. the manager did nothing and ignored me .
8. no one would provide me with the owners information .
i am very disappointed with the way this turned out .
not turn the other way and refuse to listen .
one star because overall annie was nice .
and the place was clean and nice .
they also had quite a few options .
i called as a new patient to make an appt for july 7 .
i got a call that morning the dr beck was out sick .
i told them forget it i will find a different doctor
if you decide to use this location , do not see dr. syers .
i 'm 39 weeks .
and she would n't do it because my contractions were n't close enough together .
so they kept me 2 days and sent me home .
but there are mitigating circumstances that should change that .
much safer than sending a mother with epilepsy home .
if i were n't due in a week , i would change practices .
luckily , there are 2 amazing doctors in that office .
see dr. falcone or dr. freeman .
because this doctor has no clue what she 's doing .
and i will be contacting management regarding her ignorance .
it is cold and flu season , a particularly horrible one at that .
each time was a different random number .
invariably terrible customer service .
avella is a compound pharmacy , which makes prescriptions to order from a physician .
this is the most frustrating place ! ! !
i 've been getting compound prescriptions for about 10 years .
their customer service is abysmal .
typical wait time on hold is 20 minutes .
their compound content is good .
but the aggravation and delay when you need a prescription is inexcusable .
there are too many options out there , and i 'm moving on .
did n't even want it !
rip off report off .
against she had no footstool .
she continue to say things like i did n't give her a chance .
but she just kept insisting .
having been introduced to the bloor street fresh location , i expected great things .
what i got was a little less than that .
first off , the place did not appear to be air conditioned .
i got a wrap , not bad , but nothing special .
i 'm all about finding some good vegetarian restaurants .
on the occasion i visited this french location , it definitely did not deliver .
this practice 's front office has great customer service .
they require unnecessary visits and blood draws .
i guess no one told him part of medicine was helping people .
staff were very rude .
rude on the phone and im not sure if ive registered or not .
i have been a patient here for scheduled services and that has been ok .
but coming into the er is a nightmare .
i could n't i was severely dehydrated and in extreme pain .
it was beyond my choice .
ride or die , i choose to ride somewhere that could help me .
discrimination against doing work on a pregnant woman .
they wasted my time .
it would have been nice to get it done before my baby is born .
it is a very inconsiderate office .
they rather follow the their protocol than a patient in pain .
i come here for heel pain .
my doctor ordered an insole for my shoes to elevate the pain .
i would never recommend this office to anyone
awful on so many levels .
went in for the first time for an ear infection .
a simple ear infection turned into an hour and forty-five minute appointment .
not sure how they are still in business .
this place is ridiculous !
the office staff is borderline incompetent !
( the phlebotomist/front desk )
doctors are gteat , but the support staff and scheduling staff lack organization .
constantly making a mess of things .
it is impossible to call and actually talk to a person .
leave a message and 10 percent of the time they will call you back
i went for a pregnancy test after two positive pregnancy tests at home .
the wait is not worth it .
average 2 hours + wait time for scheduled appointments ! ! !
office staff was incredibly rude .
i just fired the doctor as my care giver .
place does n't even deserve 1 star .
i 've been a patient here for a few years .
unfortunately some policy change is putting people at risk .
i called today because i have a bad cough and am having trouble breathing .
she said it is the patients responsibility to remember to schedule it not hers .
and if i 'm worried about my cough i can go to urgent care .
i will never go back to skyline and i will transfer my care .
what an absurd policy that puts the health of people at risk .
what a huge sign that they do n't care about people at all .
just maximizing the amount of appointments they can get you in for .
i never write bad reviews .
upon reading other reviews it appears they 've done this to others as well .
had a pretty disappointing appointment with dr. tamm .
i 'm seeking help with chronic migraines , dramatic fatigue , and ear ringing .
he then proceeded to tell me `` you 're fine .
if it was something dangerous , you 'd already know . ''
which , by the way , is almost exactly what dr. tamm said .
i will not be returning to this practice .
i have been going to dr. cunningham and dr. karius for almost 10 years .
over the last year to 18 months it is gone downhill very very quickly .
they never even bothered to call me back .
the credentialing staff in provider enrollment that they have are very immature and unprofessional .
they would make insults calling our staff stupid , worhtless etc .
i went in to be checked on an emergency i was having .
he then told me i thought you were a tough girl .
has nothing to do with being tough .
turns out i am in agonizing pain for days to come .
days went by no relief .
he tells me there is no way that is possible .
i explain to the doctor that i was still in pain .
he told me there is no way that i can be in pain .
he did not give me an update on the status of my infection .
he did not tell me what to do next .
i asked him should i go to the emergency room .
he then said i think you need to find a new opthamologist .
he then said no comment .
and ran out of the office into his personal office and slammed his door .
i highly suggest avoiding this ophthalmology practice if at all possible .
doctor did not thoroughly assess issue with foot .
woo child where to begin .
called gave them the information .
did not hear back from them .
walked in on monday , they still had not verified my insurance .
ok so i 'm taking deep breaths , am trying not to be angry .
i 'm like but i did n't even get my cleaning .
she looks at the schedule and says ok the 9 am did not confirm .
come in tomorrow and we will get it done .
thanks i leave come back the next morning and jesus be a fence .
there are three people on the office .
and she says that i can reschedule .
i about lost it .
i just say thank you and leave because the nerve and audacity .
that is the only reason for the 2 stars .
they could n't even set up an appointment right .
my husband was spared from a visit .
we found a better dentist .
if the massage is good .
do n't complaint about the price .
**folks : takes note , i 'm also liberal and forthcoming .
any sexual solicitations are not tolerated and will be reported to authorities .
as we cleared state on website .
we are helping a customer find relief from anxieties and chronic ailments .
my uncle paid for the groupon .
that was paid with money .
that gives you no reason to be rude to customers or former customers .
you should have been happy with the review .
so i 'll forgive your misunderstanding .
i hope your business goes bankrupt due to your behavior on this site .
been with this office for 3 years and officially done .
1. get ready to wait for your appointment .
poor management leads to poor time management .
but god forbid you to show up in office later than appointment time .
they will refuse to see you completely .
i had a surgery performed by dr sikand .
i got ear infection , unrelated to my original surgery .
what a service ! !
walking extra mile to work with a patient lol no never heard of it .
i had last two weeks of previous insurance and was getting a new one .
never any other medical facility would not check .
no , it never happened to me before .
only in ent of nevada .
speaking of `` professionalism '' .
4. dr sikand will spend precisely 3 minutes of his time with you .
$ 700 honestly earned .
receptionist will make you feel completely unwelcomed .
i and my insurance paid thousands of dollars to this office throughout 3 years .
was very unimpressed with this place .
they kept switching doctors on me which i did n't like .
i was put on different antibiotics which also did n't work .
finally they referred me to an ent .
surgery took about two hours as expected .
i was told that they have a `` no visitor '' policy in recovery .
although both of my parents have had multiple surgeries at mt .
view and family was able to visit almost immediately after surgery .
i was not the only one that was furious with this policy .
this will be the last time mt .
view will treat any of my family !
i will never go back .
these people are heartless crooks who will overcharge like you crazy .
however , i would strongly encourage you to shop around for better prices .
stop using that type of sells tactic ... does not work
i have been coming here twice a week for several months now .
in the last two months , my average time spent per visit has doubled .
it seems like i see a smaller staff every time i come in .
the kiosk is the first thing you do .
if you forget something you 're screwed .
the system is also inefficient .
you have three things doing the job of one thing .
how on earth does it take 10 hours to be discharged from a hospital .
worst one stop location there is .
extremely rude manager , awful customer service .
a 5-10 min procedure took 30 minutes .
i was in tears and dr freeman was irritated with me .
i was like no , just so what you have to do right now .
why would i possibly want to endure this again .
she had not even looked at my chart .
i left in tears again .
i would not recommend her .
my np at mountain vista location is awesome .
if you think fruit-in-a-bag is fresh .
at home in seattle , they 'd be shuttered in a week .
warning : do n't go to this place .
they still scheduled me for next follow up .
the end : i went to the other doctor'office who is my insurance provider .
same number of donors , but now it takes over an hour at least .
there are usually at least 4 employees wondering around aimelessly while 2 actually work .
this was n't a 1 off issue , it 's constant .
mom & i were looking for roman shades .
i understand they are expensive , but i am looking for standard fitted ones .
jc penneys charges more for blackout or room-darkening blinds & shades .
i took pepcid and that did n't help at all .
then i took some tums , still nothing .
tried to go to bed and was tossing and turning all night .
finally woke up the next morning feeling a little better .
mani-pedi day at the spa for mommy and daughter this past sunday .
when we got there were greeted in a chilly manner .
the services were set up wrong with the wrong products .
the two ladies delivered the services like robots .
not what i expected ... not one bit .
you need to use the call ahead check in option if you go here .
that way you can wait at home until they can see you .
the staff is nice though .
they just need way more doctors available for busy times
i wish the appointment people would answer the phone .
left 8 messages and no one has called back yet .
unfortunately this is where my insurance wants me to go .
i love dr scott connell and tina !
this is why i wait to review .
i would n't believe anything that comes out of their mouth .
thanks for nothing summerhills dental ! ! !
the absolute worst experience i have received at a gyno .
ok , have a great day . ''
during my visits at absolute dental i never seen the same dr twice .
i was only aware of this once i did my annual credit check .
dr. c. gidwani was rude and abrupt in a saccharin sweet way .
and i still do n't know why i need a specialist .
4. now to tooth # 2/3 .
she then drills the tooth , slightly , and asks me to check it .
at that point , i just left .
thank you dr. gidwani for such a horrible experience !
i 'm sure my boys wo n't mind starting school without new clothes !
beware of this office !
actually.. beware of the office manager jc !
she literally was talking over me and not answering any of my questions directly !
how are u able to bill someone for service that was never completed ?
the best way to describe this place is `` ghetto '' .
this is at the eastern location .
i assume the others are just the same .
they gave me a little pat-on-the back and sent me on my way .
i just called to make an appointment .
i 'm already on the verge of breaking .
he wo n't see me because i take medication for my neropathy .
way to make me feel even worse .
i do n't even want to bother anymore .
some lady who walked in w/a cold went right in .
-- -- update after 2hrs finally got in .
the pa , alexandra leguire , was awesome .
would give her 5 stars .
very nice , professional , & thorough .
if you must go to this urgent care hopefully you can see her .
rest of this place , disorganized .
i 'm very disappointed with a final result .
i spent about $ 1800 and there is no difference at all .
i bought 2 voluma fillers and no results at all .
i 've been taking my son to .
mendoza for 8 months .
i kept giving dr. mendoza a shot .
this last visit i walked out .
i never walk out of appointments because i 'm in the medical field .
i understand things happen , you fall behind on your schedule .
but they are always behind .
schedule things better or hire an np to help .
i waited nearly 2 hours .
not to mention there office is dirty and outdated .
i brush it off .
fine , i 've ran behind on my mornings before too .
visit after visit , i knew appointments would last hours .
this last one pushed me over .
so my baby is behind on vaccines .
they rescheduled me because dr. mendoza wanted to leave early on my appt day .
it was st. patrick 's day .
you work hard , you should enjoy a green beer or whatever .
they said to come in wednesday .
it 's good to be early .
someone who came in after me was seen before me !
they call me back finally at 3:20. and i wait .
go to the scale at 3:30. and i wait .
it 's 4 and i 'm still waiting .
the poor medical assistant is running around like crazy .
i just lose it .
that means i wo n't be seen until 4:30 ? !
this is every single appointment people .
there offices are dirty , they need better paint .
from recommendation of all my mom friends i am going to dr. tenby now .
do not do business with this company !
run away fast from using this company !
it never hurts to price match ... even for the dentist .
they quoted me $ 300 for nitrous oxide .
i ca n't believe that i have already paid this to this office once .
both times they refused to contact my insurance for prescriptions .
have also never had any challenges ever in having a pharmacy call to verify .
they refuse to apply your insurance if you do not have your card .
both times i asked them to check with someone .
at $ 50 a month for my prescription this adds up .
i will take my business elsewhere .
the awesome lady chiro who used to work here is not here anymore .
how can they have this guy seeing patients ?
he paid no attention to me or why i was there .
told me i hav a cold .
how and why did i have to pay 60 $ to listen to that ?
this was the worst rmt massage i 've ever had in my life .
so both my sides can hurt ?
so i cut my one hour to 45 minutes .
i do not recommend this place .
lying face down was not comfortable .
so why only 2 stars ?
when i started , our classes were ran by a young woman name amy .
he was present and attentive .
justin stopped working there and it was back to amy .
perhaps the same thing happened with justin .
anyway , i did n't stay to find out .
i called 15 minutes after appt .
i have record of it on my phone .
i forgo a session so you do n't have to honor your session .
this is not good customer service !
just my two cents .
they delivered our baby and her sister 's baby .
unfortunately what prompted me to write this review is their office staff .
to say they are grossly incompetent is an understatement .
ya , that was n't going to fly .
she wo n't be going back .
they are killing your business reputation .
oh how do i do rate and review bright now dental ? ? ?
5 stars for that !
their over booking appointments and time delay brings the stars down .
the mass confusion my account also brings the stars down .
the confusion with my dental plan also brought it down .
i really appreciate that .
this being said , she brings the stars up !
i hope its a good ending .
i asked the receptionist if it was ok and she said yes .
again , is said no to her great idea .
we got into the room and she sat down and left me standing there .
i let her know that i did listen to it .
her main response was `` really '' to most of what i said .
she seemed to have a lot of negative comments and expressions .
i was shocked and did not fill the rx .
i would not recommend this doctor to anyone .
he was rude , pompous and egotistical .
he sure was n't interested in anything i had to say .
the results of the biopsy - inconclusive !
i have an appointment there in early january .
if they had my number they should have called well before now .
not the week of telling me i have until 2pm to pay .
i have never missed any payments whatsoever .
$ 40 are you kidding me !
if you had my number you should have called sooner .
lord knows they do n't call you until after 90 days .
not a fan at all .
but this is nothing in comparison to what came later .
i do n't get blood drawn well and it was always a huge deal .
what a great visit .
all around , not a great place to be .
that was the last straw .
no respect at all .
whether i am 21 or 35 , i deserve respect .
especially after reading other reviews , i am so glad i 've left .
my new doctor is sweet , excited , and takes her time with us .
skip ob pv if you really care about your treatment .
they are fancy and high-end but really not worth the hassle at all .
the clinic also seems nice and clean .
however , the clinic 's practises and policies have been incredibly enraging .
i even got a blood test once because i 'm paranoid .
i did n't notice until i got to the pharmacy .
i literally begged for at least six months , but walked away with three .
have not had a problem with any department except for the vein surgery dept .
due to care concerns , i moved my parent out of the facility recently .
bbq burger was pretty good with a great combo of texture and flavour .
was disappointed when i got the bill and saw the quick-pick tip amounts here .
her response was a dismissive `` well that 's standard '' .
this was easily the worst massage experience i 've ever had .
on the bright side , i guess my skin is quite hydrated .
at times , it seemed like the staff did n't know what to do .
maybe i got a rookie , or someone that just did n't care .
whatever the case is , i 'm definitely not coming back here again .
never again , made an appointment , got in , saw jen .
seemed nice enough , a bit rushed but okay .
so i tell the assistant ?
what my questions are , he scribbles them down .
so i 'm left sitting in limbo .
while i was there i got a prescription .
that was a few weeks ago .
i call today to find out that she did nothing with it .
so now i 'm almost out of pills and do n't have any coming .
i was promptly hung up on .
i can only assume that they cancelled it since i obviously ruffled someones feathers .
i really think this is an 'all about the money ' practice .
i will say that the nurses & doctors are very friendly & helpful though !
they really listen to your problem & do their best to access it .
that being said , the actual service here is ridiculous !
i did n't get seen until almost 1am !
aside from that , the waiting room is freezing !
multiple people waiting to be seen asked for blankets .
below i have shown emails from ms. perez .
amber perez warner family practice billing department ( 480 ) 831-8457opt .
4 -- -- thank you for your prompt response .
the policy number remains the same as i provided .
amber perez warner family practice billing department ( 480 ) 831-8457opt .
it 's hard to relax when doors are slamming and walls are shaking .
first time i went last year everything was good .
this year upon returning and totally regret it .
i wonder how many comments on groupon are really are from customers .
we really wanted to enjoy it like last year what a bummer .
the staff is friendly but the doctors are ridiculously cautious .
if you need meds for a cough or cold , this is your place .
parents - this is not the place to take your kids .
i do not like the service i 've gotten from this location .
the service is abrupt and abrasive .
there are no smiles , understanding or good service .
it 's quite obvious that their patients are not top priority .
it 's one extreme or the other .
but i plan to before my next physical .
this office as a whole is very unaccommodating and just rude to patients overall .
please save yourself the stress and do not go here .
this type of care is egregious and extremely disheartening .
at first dr. cotton will get you .
she seems nice and sympathetic and kind .
thousands in unnecessary `` treatments '' .
the work my daughter got done at dr cotton 's was subpar .
i 'm a student here currently enrolled this is what i have to say .
the school director is a joke he 's disrespectful and clearly hates his job .
i can continue with this but i think i got my point across .
idea of this place is great , but services are not .
i went with my mom and her massage therapist was amazing .
his cellphone kept going off and he rushed the services .
i ended up leaving the place in pain rather than relaxed .
also they do n't thank you for giving them a tip .
be prepared to spend hours here though .
the front office staff is n't very friendly though .
when all was said and done i had spent almost 4 hours here .
i am not sure that i will be returning .
my wife is now being seen at 5:45 and no one has an explanation .
this is n't the first time we have waited forever at this office .
the worst doctor ever .
he only gives you prescription and get you out the door .
i am very suspicious of all those good ratings about him .
went in 2015 for an exam and the staff was ok. dr was great .
the staff was n't so nice then .
they insisted i try using bausch and lomb again .
since my prescription changed , i was at their mercy .
i said i 'd purchase another sample set just to try them again .
i just want to see clearly !
dr. torres was absolutely awful to me .
i was so shocked i could n't say anything .
and then stood up and left .
seriously one of the worst manners ever .
i felt scared and confused and he made it so much worse .
i went home in tears .
i will never go back to him .
i love the convenience of marc 's in avon but i must change stores .
it 's just filthy .
the building is new - why is your store so dirty ?
garbage everywhere - floors dirty , produce awful .
it has the appearance of little to no maintenance .
seems like it would be an easy fix but alas not to be .
you 're convenience will be missed but i just ca n't do it anymore .
terrible communication amongst staff .
i think its telling that there are numerous similar complaints that wfp responds to .
my experience is similar to many other individuals who posted here .
my insurance covers routine exams at 100 % .
please be wary of this office and their practices .
my doctor sent over a referral for a procedure on 6/21/17 .
i called to make an appointment .
whoever does the referrals was n't available .
also , they did n't do the procedure , modified barium swallow test there .
they could n't get me in until august 14th at the earliest .
they would call when the referral came in .
well , it 's august 17th , so i thought i call .
this person was so nasty it was unbelievable ! !
i asked about what was happening and off she went .
telling me that she called me and spoke to me .
which she did n't .
i keep extremely detailed notes , plus i am not senile !
well he never received any notification .
i 've seen him several times since june !
she calls me a liar and was just unbelievably rude for no reason !
it 's not like i called screaming !
she really needs to find another line of work .
hopefully , one that has no contact with people !
it was great when i saw dr amy sparks for the 1st time .
imagine my surprise when i received a bill a year after that 1st visit .
the most i should 've been charged is the $ 14 copay .
? what about the patients who can not dispute ? ? ?
i argued with them for weeks until they told me to just ignore it .
that 's it , i 'm switching doctors
very rude and acts like she hates her job .
she forgets the meds she has you on .
worst psychiatrist ever with the worst attitude ever and she makes you feel uncomfortable .
run far away from this `` doctor . ''
the service levels are simply ho-hum to disappointing .
i do not recommend .
i should have read all the reviews before making an appointment .
their system said i had been called and i was not .
save your money ! ! !
totally not concerned about your needs .
it 's a facade .
nothing special at all with these ppl .
they mandatory want to keep you at least 21 days .
but it 's totally not worth the money or insurance cost .
this is the worst place for treatment .
i 'm a local and for this place to be called luxury is joke !
total fraud ! ! !
i will never get help here nor recommend this place to anyone .
dr nakhle is great but unfortunately the wait time to see him is hours .
in january i had an initial consultation with dr. mckenna .
i was fine with this initial delay .
especially because they were switching physicians due to their own scheduling issues .
sorry dr. richardson but your office staff cost you money .
bottom line - do not use valley ent .
lady booking appointments was very unaccommodating .
she said , `` well that 's what everyone wants . ''
there are now appointments from now until whenever , first thing in the morning ?
i would give this place no stars if i could .
we have been going to dr. steve since my son was 2 years old .
never any problems with him .
i went in expecting to schedule the root canal .
this is the only cavity he has ever had .
i left the office in complete shock !
just seemed a bit excessive to us .
my dentist was in utter disbelief .
he could n't believe the `` treatment plan '' that dr. parsa provided .
my dentist found 1 problem .
you read that correctly - 1 problem .
here we go again - for a 3rd opinion ! ! !
both my dentist and children 's dental village said that nitrous would be sufficient .
sure makes $ 637 seem like a `` good deal '' !
that is still $ 1,154.25 more than children 's dental village .
now , do n't get me wrong .
but why would we want to put him through more than is necessary ?
why would anyone want to do that ?
they really pushed hard for that .
i am so torn with this place as another poster has said .
last night was a different story .
he was walking out the door as i was still talking .
i could n't believe it .
and they were n't busy , like at all .
we got in and into a room in less than 10 minutes .
hence why we are here !
he 's violently coughing and complaining his chest hurts .
idk if i will come back to this location .
i did my research on dr. layton before going .
he has great reviews - all over the web , not just on yelp .
my appointment went well .
when did it get bad ?
the next day i got a call from evdi for my mammogram .
well - that 's news to me ! !
no , `` we should have called you . ''
that 's kind of a frightening call to get , for one .
and for two , what if i had gone and gotten a mammo ! ?
today was my second appointment after not hearing anything .
when i did n't go i expected a call .
that 's quite a big error .
maybe he does - but his shared office staff does n't .
( i 'll save that for another review ) .
so , i chose this dentist .
there 's no dental assistant , helping the dentist ! ! ! !
his equipment is outdated to the max .
ughhhhhhh ! ! ! ! ! !
what is with people and wanting what i asked for ! ? ! ?
good thing my friend is a dental assistant !
went to see angela derosa a few years back in the scottsdale office .
i do not personally recommend this woman .
pizza bar is disgraceful .
2 people ignored my family and i today .
i mean burnedwe order pizzas at a minimum of once per week .
lately , the people in this department have had poor attitudes .
lazy and ignoring customers .
but now it 's ridiculous .
also , veganaise and refrigerated sections are seriously out of stock .
only the basics we ca n't get anywhere else from now on for us .
and another voice responded `` no , probably just someone leaving . ''
all i get is `` sorry , we 're closed . ''
this time i get one word - `` sorry . ''
i look up to see faces of stone .
i get a short reply , `` 5 pm . ''
i then ask if they know when phoenix children 's urgent care opens .
it was like it wasnt the same doctor .
this er is horrible !
i 'd give it negative 5 stars if i could .
i brought her at 8pm on a monday night .
it took 4 and 1/2 hours before a doctor saw her .
the staff was unfriendly , not helpful & just horrible .
i would n't come here again if my life depended on it ... literally !
i took the day off work and arrived at the appointment .
incompetent staff just cost me a day off work .
took my best friend here for tonsillitis , absolutely horrible service ! ! !
waited over 3 hours and still never got put in a room !
the two nurses lindsey and amy were very rude ! ! ! !
evidently , the two other reviewers had a good experience with the office staff .
therefore , i quit going .
it did not matter that i had other serious health problems .
the staff reacted quite like bullies on the playground with sarcasm and hostility .
went in with aches and pains and left with the same aches and pains .
she would start to work a muscle , then stop .
one or two passes around a muscle is n't working it .
nothing got worked out , some areas like shoulders did n't get touched .
i feel like i did n't have a massage at all .
i suggest trying elements in summerlin for a completely different experience .
mmm , i do n't know about this place .
this was the regular diet meal , not a special diet .
several of the staff looked like they were on drugs themselves .
not much of any kind of activities for the residents to do .
however the tour of the inside was a different story .
nothing was said about not accepting them .
i said ok , but asked how much my secondary insurance would cover .
she said `` i have no way of knowing that . ''
i said ok , i 'd like to cancel my appointment .
bad experience and did n't even see the doctor !
today my wife wanted to change her appt .
maria 's conversation was harsh , rude and unprofessional .
i hope the manager will do more than just `` talk to her ! ''
maria needs to find another job !
what is my dentis going to do with those besides have a good laugh ?
steer clear of any dentist with low pricing .
it 's never a good sign .
it 's already 2am there 's still 2 patient still .
and she told us it 's also the same here .
so she said we 'd rather stay .
and i told her why do n't you hire more doctors .
and she answered me in a rude way that nobody wants to works nights .
this is the worts urgent care crew and staff that i ever encounter .
my second complaint is with the office staff .
even just calling for an appointment is a nightmare .
this is probably the absolute worst part about going here , in my opinion .
the staff is horrible .
my third complaint is with connie knapp , apn , and dr. torres .
connie is just unfriendly , and has a rushed , uncaring bedside manner .
but the real problem is dr. torres .
i saw him through my first pregnancy .
i ended up with a c-section .
i was so shocked i did n't know what to say or do .
the store definitely had the chain , mass-produced feeling .
how dare you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! inconvenience ? ? ? ?
my call was only returned 1/23 after leaving a long message .
imagine a mother hearing that ! !
told me to call him anytime i needed more assistance .
doctor said may take up to a year of using the eye drops .
how dare you just tell me `` sorry for the inconvenience '' ! ! !
up to now , i have not heard from dr nelson !
showed up for appointment where they photocopied my insurance card paid my copay etc .
if you go here call your insurance 1st .
this is by far the worst run medical practice in the state of nevada .
whoever answered the phone at 1953hours today , november 6,2015.. shame on you !
this place is not at all what they say it will be !
they say it 's free but i knew that would n't be the case .
i lost my weight but never got my money back .
simonmed must hire anyone with a heartbeat .
my doctor could n't even use the info from the ct scan .
that was a week ago ! !
will never use simonmed again !
for me.like many.rather die.before seeing him agsin
the office is huge and only 1 young dentist works there .
private practice is the only way to go .
i 've always loved banner facilities but my experience here was horrible .
i went in with a sore throat.the front desk process was pleasant .
i gave it one star as i had a decent parking spot .
i have used this location about 6 times as it 's very convenient .
each time they are rude and incompetent at best .
my bad for continuing to try every now and then .
i do really try to give people the benefit of doubt .
my daughter was fasting for her test as well .
patronize this location at your own risk .
you have a child become so upset and agitated ?
purely pathetic and insensitive .
i have spinal stenosis and arthritis in my knees .
i have been going to the henderson facility for almost three years .
today was the last straw .
please avoid this hospice company , and instead choose hospice of the valley .
the nurses seemed like lovely people and seemed very concerned for my dad .
he was aware of this and did not object to it .
i understand that hospice provides end of life care and makes patients comfortable .
as soon as he was stable enough to leave serenity house .
i called elizabeth myself to clarify what she 'd told mom .
i had to leave a message .
elizabeth-there 's a thing called number blocking .
your vacation is not my problem .
you might deal with people dying every day ; i do n't .
now they 'd downgraded themselves to really tacky people in my opinion .
having a loved one die is a naturally stressful time .
go with hospice of the valley .
my kids loved it .
i decided to schedule my regular cleaning here and i was very disappointed .
the hygienist named barb i believe was very rude and unfriendly .
i was very offended and ca n't believe how unprofessional that was .
i was so irritated that i just left and told them to call me .
i probably will not go back here .
worse doctor visit ever .
the receptionist mixed up my daughter 's chart with someone else 's .
like i sed worse doctor office ever !
i paid $ 40 for dr. arvin tounian to check me .
i waited for 6 weeks ( ! ! ! )
t. nguyen could see me , and she put the new retainer on .
she did sloppy work , and only 3 weeks later my retainer fell down .
i was n't even eating , it just fell down by itself .
in real life , it lasted 3 days and the retainer fell again .
this time dr. tounian referred me to another clinic - cheyenne dental group .
they did n't had my retainer ready , and not even my teeth impressions .
there has to be better places .
i have been going here off and on for over a year now .
tried 7 or 8 therapists .
therapist quality here is very hit and miss .
i laid on the table getting more and more frustrated .
i do acknowledge that the location is convenient and the premises is clean .
i was proffered a disingenuous and cursory apology .
i paid for the massage and left .
i will forget these loss-leader discount places that hire neophyte therapists .
the cost is just too high .
i was told that amy , the team leader , would call me .
what is the point of having team leaders if they do n't follow up ?
i 'm cancelling my account .
i do n't want to deal with this company again .
this place is so unorganized .
we moved from florida 18 months ago .
what is needed for public school should n't be out of the ordinary .
each visit was met with the same lecture and often double teamed .
it was beyond exasperating .
constantly told what i was doing wrong and my concerns fell on deaf ears .
worst urgent care ever .
was told and given paperwork by them for my high blood pressure .
waiting over a month for my results and still nothing .
these people are idiots !
horrible service do not go here ! !
that was three years ago .
fast forward to today .
i have been given anti-anxiety pills .
tynara is absolutely the worst pa i 've ever been to see .
courtney was awesome but left .
other pa 's have been great and have moved on .
i love dr. ram , he is excellent and very well-trained .
i think josh is good but overworked .
at least i know my care will be consistent .
i hate to leave after 15 years .
it is scary to wait much longer .
not worth the hassle !
way better staff and service !
will never use this urgent care facility again !
huge mistake coming to this urgent care !
it was n't busy and very few people were in the waiting area .
groupon promises that medication is included & it is not included !
i will take my business elsewhere , this place is completely dishonest .
oh this month is a guaranteed win it 's tax month .
its a revolving door of of practitioners coming and going .
the only positive experience i had was my initial visit .
since then , it 's been a nightmare .
i would never recommend anyone going here .
there are many fine , qualified physicians in the area .
robert newman , md , an ob gyn should not be your choice .
the lady that answered the phone when i called was horrible !
i will never go to this nationwide again !
they do n't even deserve 1 star !
i will not return .
the woman went outside .
secondly i was informed i needed an mri .
after one week i called back .
nothing had been sent .
then next day i called .
they claimed they sent it to a different diagnostic center .
this was not a new prescription !
i had left so many voice mail messages to so many different people there .
i do n't think they ever listen to them ! !
finally , i needed my mri results but my doctor was out of town !
i was assured i would be contacted .
it 's like a bad dream dealing with that office !
a few days ago i got a rash of some sort .
so really they just wan na keep making money off of me .
brcause they just want my money !
i will not be returning to this practice .
and i was the only one on the schedule .
this place gave me the creeps for a medical clinic .
even if it is a abortion clinic they should give you a comfortable feeling .
i 'd rather have my miscarriage at home than a creepy place like this .
i would not recommend this office for your children 's pediatric care .
this was at a 6 month appointment !
you guys i ca n't make this stuff up !
do n't do it .
it was possible that the teeth supporting the bridge could rot if not cleaned .
first of all , dr rowe has her desk sitting behind the receptionist .
yes , this all boils down to the bottom line , money .
i most certainly wanted to find a trusting dentist .
one that i felt comfortable with .
unfortunately , this was not the case in the office of dr rowe .
the dental assistant , super friendly and sweet .
i do hope she gets a degree and gets paid what she is worth .
actually the rudest staff i have ever witnessed .
you do n't have privacy .
your in a room full of people .
the `` vip '' room is a stupid little room .
would never go back .
i didnt want to leave a tip .
then , without going into details , dr vesna violated patient confidentiality .
so we left and are now seeing another doctor we trust .
i purchased a groupon for a couples massage .
i found that odd , but we proceeded with the massage anyway .
once we entered the room we were asked to undress in preparation .
my massage was n't horrible but felt rushed and awkward .
at one point they massaged our legs with rocks .
she kept hitting my ankle bone with the rocks .
at one point she lifted and dropped my legs ?
i do n't know if she thought that would loosen me up ?
please tell me what part of that would be relaxing ?
as she continued on to my back it was the same thing .
as she rubbed my back her stomach was hitting my head , repeatedly !
this was the worst massage i 've ever had unfortunately .
both masseuse 's completely ignored massaging our thighs .
my husband specified some problem areas which was completely ignored .
on my sheet i wrote all areas as i had no target areas .
once again here they were shoving those intro papers into our face .
now i knew what the preset tips were about .
they have you `` rate '' your experience .
i did n't want to be rude and planned to tip regardless .
obviously i would n't rate my experience great by any means .
to me this tactic is very tacky !
my husband tipped them $ 25 and we left !
unfortunately our search continues for a really good spa ...
this was an extremely negative experience .
i am a banner employee .
i waited and then the girl cam out and said the nurse said no .
after $ 9000 paid i was told my son needed braces again .
they accused him of not wearing his retainer which he always did .
and , then they said he needed braces for another $ 3k .
well , let me see , it was n't my son making the payments .
2 stars are for fantastic nurses .
hospital gets no stars .
wife arrived by ambulance at 5 on thursday with broken ankle .
emergency room doctor saw her and put in a splint for surgery on friday .
did n't get into surgery until 5 pm , full 24 hours after admittance .
in pain the full time .
no way to run a hospital .
go to centennial or summerlin .
i did not feel well and was not ready to go home .
we will not return .
this place is by far the worst !
they make sure to collect your copayment before hand .
unbelievably the worst customer service .
the selection of clothes is not very good and the staff ignores you .
she replied that it would be extra $ 150 for a nice full set .
that is on top of the $ 50 i had already spent on groupon .
now i have to call american express cancel my charges an informant groupon .
i would just beware .
what if you needed a fill ?
i wish i had read reviews before i wasted my money going here !
i was assured i would .
i went and lo and behold she was n't .
she was a nurse practitioner ! !
she had a kind if all attitude which i was not impressed with .
i 'll never go there again !
i am a senior citizen with a bad right knee .
shame on you for such poor customer service and caring !
seeing dr. paige was an extremely disappointing experience .
it was n't until then that dr. paige finally came into the room .
not a call , text ... nothing .
not very friendly not very helpful .
yes they did answer my questions and they do have some great products .
sorry folks i ca n't give you a good rating on this one .
i would rate in the negative range if i could .
andrew was super nice but the hypnosis was more like a relaxation meditation .
i felt kind of nice afterwards because it was relaxing .
just left about 4 hours ago .
the doctor did not exam me in a way that i most doctors would .
i got vitals taken by a nurse who were really awesome .
he asked a lot of questions for 5 min .
i paid $ 85 since it was my first visit .
he did not explain how to use my prescription .
so i called their office and asked how .
the doctor we not willing to speak on the phone w me .
i do n't recommend this place to anyone .
for the sake of your health and finances please avoid
i went yesterday for mothersday and took my mom for the first time .
read some reviews seemed like it would be a nice relaxing time .
i was very disappointed .
their massage techniques were terrible the worst i 've felt .
we both need another massage .
i 've definitely been to better spas .
the pa and medical assistant were terrible .
it 's so upsetting .
also the bathroom was filthy and the trash was overflowing in the room .
horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! !
rude ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
and only $ 20/hr !
this dentist is way too busy working on too many patients at one time .
the dentist seemed bored with the whole procedure .
i can understand being busy , but honestly they have no excuse .
there was 1 person in front of me .
there were no patients besides myself & the other person .
this is n't the first time this has happened either ... .
was 20 minutes early for appointment .
waited another hour after appointment time to see dr toth .
dr too busy to see me .
i would not recomnend this practice .
do not think they really care about patients , especially after surgery .
staff did n't even tell me my doctor was running behind .
this made me late for work .
doctors charge us if we are late the same should apply to them .
what i did n't know was : 1. the dr. is n't really available .
it felt like i was visiting some sort of high school work program .
pa is physicians asst which is a nurse with some advanced training & licensing .
i do n't have any reason to go back .
not helpful at all , do n't come here .
do not go here ! ! !
i do n't think that she knew what she was doing .
she did n't even look at my tongue .
i have had a lot of acupuncture .
what kind of customer service is this ?
we 've been going to them since moving into the city 6 years ago .
this place is terrible .
dirty , unsanitary place with rude people who half ass do their jobs .
he has fallen out of his bed easily at least 15 times a week .
this place is done .
patients beware this is day light robbery
went in late around midnight - they are open until 4am .
everything was going decently until he stopped to answer his phone .
will never go back ! ! !
deeply disappointed with this practice and medical advice .
i had double pneumonia for 2 months that they did n't diagnose .
i will find a new primary care physician
scheduled a massage for my elderly father .
he could not find the location .
he did not have the number to inform them .
getting a person on the phone is almost impossible at sw kidney institute .
i am trying to pay my bills and ca n't seem to get anyone .
i ended up leaving a message for call back .
seki should install an on- line payment system like some.of the other medical organizations .
i am receiving invoices when i paid in full on my visit ! ! !
so annoying ... ... and the prescription is the worst i have ever had .
they tried fixing it and still not right !
dont go there ! !
do not go to this place .
it takes three to four weeks to get your glasses .
and the prescription was not right .
i paid over $ 700 and the prescription is not right .
i 'm 61 years old and have worn glasses for over 20 years .
this is the worst prescription i have ever had .
pros : friendly staff , state-of-the-art equipment and gadgets .
cons : everything else !
thanks but no thanks !
i rest my case : http : //www.smartmoney.com/plan/health-care/dentists-drill-for-dollars/
when asked why , '' well i can guarantee it 's fine `` .
with him being the only doc i 've seen/primary care for about a month .
i have had my glasses for about 2 years .
they look more like some film is coming off .
i had to beg them to replace them the last time .
now it 's doing it again .
they said there is no film on them .
she will not give you a straight answer for price .
she is a con artist .
she will keep on calling you honey and honey that with broken english .
she will also try to use her broken english to cheat you with price .
what a shame because frank was very good .
find a different place to work for frank .
i got there and the receptionist was very nice and accommodating .
i expect to see a chiropractor 2-3 times a week for my current issue .
i 'm not going to wait this long each time .
came here with my husband who has neck pain from a car accident .
this dr is clearly about the money , not about the injury .
he should be there to treat your injury , not push attorneys .
walked out and wo n't look back .
$ 275 in copays equals to zero functioning glasses at optic gallery .
i visited the office to request a pair of prescription sunglasses back in may .
they recommended single vision glasses with eyezen and polarized .
when these glasses arrived i could n't even see thru them .
it was like everything was fluid .
they repeated the lens order just to have the same effect .
the doctor double checked the prescription and recommended progressive lenses .
when i returned to optic gallery after struggling with the glasses for a week .
do n't go here if you 're paying cash .
that 89 dollar coupon is a scam .
they told me i needed a `` deep cleaning '' .
`` how much is it ? ''
`` that 'll be shown in your treatment plan . ''
i laughed at it , and then walked out .
did the work in one cleaning .
cost : $ 95 .
we found a tiny table .
the server asked for my cc i gave it to him .
where 's the card ? ``
asked me this so rudely ! ! !
he eventually finds my card and charged me for someone else 's food .
nobody has yet to call me and i still have charges on my card .
she made me feel like i was a bother to her .
i gave her my work order then she said you fasting ?
she need to learn more on how customer service works very unfriendly .
everyone there was polite and good with my 2 year old son .
my problem rested in the cost .
it was $ 162 for a `` cleaning , exam and flouride . ''
we were in the exam room for maybe 8 minutes .
went there on 12-4-2017 due to severe pain in my left elbow .
could not bend my arm under any circumstances .
so he just took `` straight away '' shots of the elbow .
2 1/2 hours wasted .
`` never again ! ''
i was guided to this practice when my usual doctor retired from medicine .
the woman i spoke to on the phone was terry .
terry 's attitude through the entire phone call was snappy .
she cut me off every time i started to speak .
i signed in and was given the usual paperwork .
it made it extremely hard to hear what terry was saying .
oh yeah , god forbid you have to explain something twice .
you do not know the specific circumstances surrounding my situation .
her lecturing me made me feel even more anxious .
i was so glad it was over .
when i went to pay i had to go to terry .
funny , when she was taking my payment she was remarkably pleasant .
this place just made me feel so uncomfortable .
***went to pick up my prescription today , dr. stephens prescribed the wrong pill .
do not go here , it 's an utter disgrace .
did not provide adequate instructions pre-surgery .
had to wait 2+ hours after scheduled start time to start the surgery .
i scored a groupon for i think $ 39 for a hour .
the facility is clean , very new and well appointed .
walking out was just like walking in , just a bit cleaner .
the receptionist was unfriendly , and very short in her answers .
really did not seem to care about anything .
went back to see the doctor , very impersonal .
i 've never felt so used before .
worst of all , i feel like i 'm in worse pain than before .
i only went to them because they were close to me at the time .
next time i will travel to what i see as the better location .
i really wanted to like this place .
i went to the dentist and they took an xray .
my husband specifically informed them on the phone to look for an abscess .
this all happened last week .
well flash forward to this week and my pain is increasing .
i was unhappy about this but i trusted them .
i thought wow , this must be tmj possibly .
i was in severe , severe pain .
how did your dentist miss this ?
you need to find a new one immediately . '
he then got me into a dentist to perform an emergency root canal .
how cherrington saw none of this is beyond me .
stay away ! ! !
i have never in my life heard of such nonsense !
i was waiting for my pedicure as this was going on .
this is so wrong and cruel .
stay far away from this office
we had to tell her this & avoid re-filling patient information .
i went last year and the girls were incredibly rude and unhelpful .
i ignored them and did n't complain .
i also wo n't be going back .
i thought `` sure why not '' and this place had good reviews .
no foot included which was weird considering it was a reflexology specialized place .
dropped two more dollars and got out of there .
i will not recommend this place .
their appointment system is sham .
they never keep to their appointment time .
you wait like 40-45 minutes before you are called in .
then they will make you wait at the dentists chair for another 20-30 mins .
my wife went twice and it was same story of long wait times .
dentists are no good either on both bedside manners and medical treatment .
they are rude , start treatment without telling you what they are doing .
we had to go in again to get the same problem fixed .
lilly , .. the makeup tattooing lady was very unprofessional .
it was painful as well and she said it would not be .
i 'm very very dissappointed in my experience with lilly .
and she was rude and also very argumentitive .
not ones that are rude and money hungry .
we were seated immediately , no menu .
we looked at the girl and made eye contact .
we watched the other girl make 3 smoothies .
we looked at other people looking back at us knowingly .
eye contact again with the hostess , waitress , whatever -- nothing .
17 minutes later we left .
we never even saw a menu .
they dont have a separate table for body massage .
only foot massage chair that lies down .
not what im used to from cali .
the front lady was also very rude with her attitude .
came in to see a pa , she was fine .
peggy at the front desk however has grown quite unpleasant .
she said , `` no , there will be no switching .
she was 12 and they cancelled her .
i felt badly for her .
if you do n't care , do n't do patient care !
i also had another time when i had a diagnostic mammogram to be ordered .
i called back for 3 months before the radiology center finally received it .
i ended up needing surgery !
do n't waste your time seeing dr. nahkle .
he might be knowledgeable but i never saw it .
his bedside manner is deplorable .
i waited 2 weeks for nothing .
worst experience with a doctor .
i hate that this information is not updated .
yelp , can you be taking businesses down that are not around any more ?
i 've gotten an mri before and paid a small copay .
these people do n't care either they are just paid to take your money .
go somewhere else before you visit this corporation .
a few weeks ago i stroll into whole foods looking for some supplements .
not a head nod , no eye contact , nothing .
perhaps my expectations are too high for this establishment .
so i wander around looking at items and looking for my supplement .
i 'm asking too much are n't i ?
i need to become a whole foods snob , right ?
well the cashier was n't the nicest .
the wait at this office is the worst .
i waited over 1.5 hours to get in and i had an appt .
i made appointment for beyond fabulous facial .
came on time and confirmed with the front desk .
i needed to get cash since everything fell out of my wallet at home .
a big fee upfront and then an additional fee that your bank charges you .
i had a cornea transplant done by dr. dow 3 years ago .
he also did a cataract in my eyes at the same time .
he managed to well my iris to the lens with the laser .
he did seem to think this was an issue .
his answer to everything was just get a contact lens .
i was recommended by an optometrist to go see another doctor for a consultation .
i would let dr. dow lance a boil on my dog 's ass .
probably my fourth time going there .
still contemplating whether i give them a second chance or just move on .
my husband found his massage satisfactory and it was still a good price .
this place is a joke .
they have one person in the office .
she is trying to check everyone in and do all the testing .
if you have time on your hands this is your place
the fees they charge is a complete rip-off .
this is a scam .
these guys are crooks .
dr. damian is inconsiderate and unprofessional .
my first appointment i waited 4 hours to be seen .
the staff was not very pleasant either .
if you complain they make you feel like you did something wrong .
if i could i 'd give no star i would .
supervisor was rude when returning an item .
threw my groceries i was purchasing around .
worst pharmacy ever ! !
my doctor sent a prescription for an antiobiotic to this pharmacy on thursday .
when that pharmacy tried to fill the prescription , guess what ? ? ? ?
they could n't because cvs had already filled it on friday .
i 'm only thankful that the prescription was not life or death !
do not go here .
deceptive business practices in place .
do not sign up for trial or sign any contracts .
i repeat do not do business here !
expect to pay a ton if you go here .
i 've never paid so much after insurance for an xray .
we went there for suspected hip dysplasia .
my daughter is fine but my bank account is not .
we will not be going back , unless i want to go bankrupt .
she used way too much lotion .
very sloppy and seemed like their routine could use some straightening up .
the gilbert office was booked so we were referred to the chandler office .
two things that i would assume to be common since .
2.5 hours total time out for 1 newborn doctors appointment .
be prepared to wait an hour after your appointment time before you get in .
also , everyone in the waiting room was complaining about waiting so long .
office staff is rude as well .
i really should 've looked at the reviews before coming here .
all the other complaints are very similar to mine .
i was one of those people .
i came in they were extremely nice and took care of me .
i had a tooth that needed to be pulled that was very loose .
so i told them i would start there .
let 's get my tooth pulled and see how i feel after .
the only problem i had was my loose tooth .
i just left it alone .
i controlled what would happen and i 'm okay now .
but just today my wife went in to have two teeth pulled .
for 3 teeth ( implants ) they were charging 10,000 with insurance .
everything is always put on the screen for us to see .
with a final number of almost 3,000 for 3 plastic teeth .
when asked how the number jumped so high .
they should try to be more understanding to what the client is going through .
they clearly have a problem with customer service as well as ripping customers off .
they are very nice as long you pay what ever they ask .
we will never come back here again .
i hope this helps others .
just pay attention and ask questions .
it 's not fair to over price and take advantage of customers .
the staff said that there was not an appointment available for 2 months .
she was absolutely horrible .
i had a horrible experience with this office .
i wanted to try their another flavor but they would not honor their coupon .
what poor customer service .
pinching penny 's just to loose a good customer .
got one filling fixed at the new place for 150 bucks .
and if you have kids , do n't even think about it .
i would give a `` 0 '' if i could !
are you serious ! ! ? ?
ca n't wait to finally be in a new office !
she kept leaving during my massage .
we paid for a 70 minute massage and it was less than an hour .
then when we were leaving the lady told me to tip her more .
do not go to this sleezy place .
so many other reflexology joints that are worth it .
i guess they do n't need my business !
they wo n't match prices .
their version of customer service = conceited indifference .
stopped by here today for some protein powder .
they have a great selection of products crammed into this little spot .
and , the staff seems really knowledgeable about supplements too .
their response : i was waved off with contempt .
but , it 's my six dollars , and why waste it unnecessarily ?
i 'm sure you can figure it out .
i went here for a crown and i never saw the same dentist twice .
the first one did the mold .
he drilled the back of the front teeth and left them feeling awful .
now my bite is off and ruining my front teeth alignment .
i am going to another dentist to hopefully get this corrected .
they have their money and that is all they are concerned about .
i am warning anyone considering on going here to not go .
it is awful ! !
they also try to up sell you every chance they get .
most of my fees were paid by my insurance and wsib .
the clinic could have pulled my report for my contact info .
this place is terrible i do n't recommend it !
i do n't not recommend this place what so ever ! ! !
was going to make an appointment .
i got an awful first impression of whoever was on the phone .
she sounded irritable , gave me one word answers and just sounded completely unwelcoming .
i think her name was jessica or something .
you just lost a customer .
detoxification is not good .
you wear a weird wristband connected to some machine that does seemingly nothing .
abc of massages is direct contact .
the owner gave me a sour look and said it was too low .
within a month , both nose pieces broke .
i 've never had this happen on any frames before .
i was required to drink 32 oz of water 1 hr before my test .
now it 's been 90 minutes since i drank the water .
mother nature is calling and they do n't care here .
with all of the skilled doctors they supposedly have -- whats the point ?
this dentist office is the worst .
that was the last straw for me .
this dentist is only there for show since the technicians do all the work .
any place is better than this dentist office !
after several years he closed his small practice and moved to cardiovascular consultants .
cvc could not give me the required reports and information .
cust service not friendly .
a place u dread to have to go .
understaffed in all areas .
i would never come back .
i love my primary barbara hoose , but i will nvr come back here .
charged my card on file without my permission which caused me to overdraft .
i came to this salon because of the high ratings .
they even offered me a discount since i was unhappy with my french pedi .
the facility is clean and has a very relaxing atmosphere .
one of the lines came out slanted .
the lines on some of the toes vary in thickness .
overall just not very clean or neat .
i did n't want to take the chance .
so perhaps the other services are good ; i honestly do n't know .
what i would n't recommend is getting any french mani or pedi there .
the staff are all friendly which makes an office visit much more pleasant .
i will not return to even try to have them fix it .
better to cut and run .
wish i had been a yelp user before i went there .
if i could give 0 stars i would .
they were booked but said they would call if any cancellations .
they sent a reminder text on the sunday and again on the monday .
i thought ok this is great !
i have never done this treatment and was really looking forward to it .
then she says can you come thursday instead ?
like my time and my appointment was not important or a priority .
i said no and why are you cancelling my appointment ?
i will take my time and my money elsewhere .
beware..this is how they treat new customers .
i 'm sure they are all very nice people .
but i should of walked out when i had the chance .
i scheduled a chem peel at the last minute on a saturday .
finally i get in to see the person i had the appt with .
she was really nice but was having an off day it seemed .
then she started going `` serum '' crazy .
like serum after serum after serum .
one was a vitamin c serum .
and it turned me oompa loompa orange .
but all the serums start coming off and its just falling off in chunks .
gave me a .25 oz sample size and charged me $ 5 for it .
my skin did look pretty good .
and the next day it was tight and dry .
but i never peeled .
and that $ 5 lotion ?
instead of peel , i broke out like a mo fo .
i 'm going to try a dermalogist instead .
good night pediatrics gets no stars from me !
what happened to you good night pediatrics ? ! ?
we have been coming to good night peds since they opened .
our last visit was horrible .
staff is so unfriendly with no personality .
dr gave us 5 minutes of her time and left .
plus they misdiagnosed my daughter !
do not bring your children here .
they really scraped the bottom of the barrel when hiring staff here !
not going back there again !
worst of all , his hands reeked too , as he is a smoker .
could hardly move the entire day today .
unfortunately , it was an experience i would want to forget forever and ever .
the longer i wanted my nails i it would be 10 $ extra ?
vacationing from hawaii and i can find better services in hawaii .
i 've been with this doctor for the last 5 years .
i do n't know what happened but i can not book an appointment anymore .
the appointment was made for the next day .
dr. vazquez was so , so rude .
wish i could do more than just write a bad review .
she 's the best ! !
this place has horrible service in pharmacy !
! ! ! ! ! warning ! ! ! ! ! !
if you value your limbs do not get seen by dr. robert evans .
he should not be considered a doctor .
he and everyone in his office are below terrible !
let me break down what happened to my dad , in a nutshell .
keep in mind my father has diabetes .
two days later it is now oozing puss !
this was her response : `` looks infected .
needs oral antibiotics no doubt .
higher infection risk with diabetes too of course . ''
evan 's assistant says it is not infected .
we are irate at this point and take him straight to the e.r .
to see a competent doctor .
i would not recommend robert evans or anyone at his office .
if you choose to , see him at your own risk .
side note- the er we went to was mercy gilbert and highly recommend them .
i agree with maria p- the schedule reflects their care for their patients .
i always here these stories yet trusted their recommendation .
i would give it 0 stars if i could .
they can barely handle making appointments .
had an appointment yesterday for the first time as a new patient .
after an hour wait i saw the doctor .
if we did we would be out of a job !
worst customer service ever !
do n yourself a favor and find a different group !
needless to say , i will not return to this office ever again !
great experience with the optometrist !
that was not an issue at all .
it was the `` upsell '' of items when looking into purchasing glasses .
we walked and shopped around .
anytime that i can save $ 390 dollars i am going to .
seems shady and i wo n't trust them or be back again .
i called a total of 6 times .
the first two times i was disconnected .
i hung up and called back , three more times .
never got through to anyone again .
i guess that 's too much work .
lesson learned : always yelp first ! !
finally went here to see what it was all about ... .very disappointed .
it was a very messy , dirty store and extremely small aisles .
they sell a lot of expired products .
it was rude , so i brought my stuff to another cashier .
i would rather go to tutti frutti where the prices are a lot better .
you can be saving up to $ 5- $ 10 at times .
like some of the other negative reviewers , i also share a similar complaint .
their thing is to always get payment regardless .
my 9 yr old son needed to have a tooth extracted because it broke .
that was on 1/2/13 .
they would ve gotten payment from me and from the insurance .
my 2 kids had dental appointments tuesday and i was running late .
stephen answered the phone when i called to say we would be late .
i asked him how much that was .
he told me $ 25 per kid , so that would be $ 50 .
if we were one minute late we would be charged a late fee .
we ended up not keeping our appointment with that outrageousness .
they were just too lazy to do this .
i paid about $ 90 for the services .
the insurance paid $ 113.81 .
brooke told me that the late fees were $ 70 , not $ 50 .
i told her that that is what stephen told me they were .
she said he is wrong and i owe the $ 70 .
we have been going there for 2 yrs or more .
so , we had to reschedule .
dr. cotton had to fly out the day of our appointment .
our appointment was already set .
brooke should ve honored what stephen said .
rather , it appears that they are upset at me and just finding reasons .
yes , this is a pediatric dentistry .
when you have kids , things happen , but that doesn t matter .
for those good reviews , well , wait until you have an issue .
it will not be pleasant .
me : nope receptionist : did they tell you they were running late ?
even my experience with the closed mri was much more friendly and gentle .
here it was sorry lady .
bah i will not be back .
this place is only good for people who ca n't afford insurance .
i do n't know what the fuss over fresh is all about .
we walked in and were squeeeeezed into our seats .
it was very uncomfortable .
the food is blah as well .
boyfriend ordered the thai curry ( buddha ) bowl .
i ordered a the phytosalad .
i probably preferred the salad to the curry bowl .
they were both ok. i would not come again .
i went to this dentist for a regular check-up/cleaning as a new patient .
a new client should clear their whole day for this place .
what dentist keeps a new patient waiting 30 minutes ?
there were no other clients in the office .
how desperate can a place be ? ! ?
i will not be going back to this place .
no dental appointment should ever take 2 hours .
they have to keep up their state of the art equipment ... ..
do not go here ! ! ! !
they do not care ! ! ! !
i came here & was being treated by dr. jung .
i called in last week to tell them i still need my prescription .
here it is a week later & still no prescription .
why is there no doctor there on a friday ?
if no one can help me ?
thanks for caring about my mental stability ! ! !
oh and btw , not the first time they did n't send a prescription .
if its brand new it should be good right ? ''
this was probably the single worst dental experience i 've ever had .
the one good thing was that i got an appointment for the next day .
good quickly turned to bad when the assistant came in to take my x-rays .
after the cleaning came the real pain .
the dentist came in to do some drilling and fill in a cavity .
ive had a torn meniscus for a year and then he just says reschedule .
we have gone here for years .
they are very disorganized and lack customer service skills .
as for the providers , the wait time is unacceptable .
yes , we have the appointment cards on these and they clearly state 8/14/2018 .
no , we never received a call that their appointments had changed .
his appointment was confirmed for 8/14/2018 at 8:30 a.m. and no labs were needed .
appointment was confirmed a week before ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i called the office on 8/14 and asked for the office manager .
as of 5:28 p.m. 8/15/2018 i have not received a returned phone call .
8/27/2018 at 10:17 a.m. my mom received a call from kim .
she said she was the office manager .
what happened to tammy and/or shannon ?
anyway , she explained and felt as nothing was going to happen .
i laid into her about the issues .
my husband felt dr. stern an adequate provider .
my father did not like him at all .
the problems in a nutshell : not gentle , not thorough !
unfortunately , this was to the detriment of my dental health .
the inflammation went away on its own but came back a few months later .
the next time i went in , i told them about it .
as well , i had fillings twice .
i have a hard time opening wide - it really hurts my jaw .
that 's when i realized i had the wrong dentist .
i switched to another dentist - female that also works on children .
they found two spots where this had happened .
now i know - a bad dentist is a really big deal !
i need to speak to mary montes .
she has no clue of my situation or the insurance system , apparently .
my name is joy alberico .
i would give them zero stars if i could .
why would anyone want to go to this place ?
i have never encountered such rudeness .
the receptionist was condescending and belligerent .
do not waste your time calling .
you wo n't regret it .
she 's thorough and she listens and the kids really like her .
we really liked her .
they treat every interaction with you like you are inconveniencing them .
the appointments average two hours .
our quickest appointment was one hour .
our longest was three .
( well appointments , not sick . )
i wish dr garcia would get new employees .
until she does do n't go here .
can not say enough about how disappointed i am in this chain practice .
i would not recommend this disrespectful practice to anyone .
thank goodness i called because they informed me i did n't have an apt !
i said , i never canceled .
finally i said what can we do to fix this .
she was still focused on reviewing her `` notes '' .
she again read the `` notes '' that said i canceled .
i had a breast augmentation and lift.this doctor was charming and i was inexperienced .
a doctor not telling a patient of what could go wrong seems like malpractice .
i would never recommend anyone to this doctor
this store is a sh ! thole .
the staff is friendly if you can find them .
the company chooses not to employ anyone at this location .
the shelves are picked through and not restocked .
the merchandise looks tired and aged .
if you continue to not serve our community appropriately .
please shut down and let another group service us .
did i mention my wife was high risk ?
there were complications which i attribute to the long wait .
do n't do it ! ! ! ! !
can i give zero stars ? ? ! !
get ready to be treated like a transaction rather than a patient .
it 's like they 're all robots .
no one cares if there is an issue outside of their daily standard procedures .
it 's as if they will do whatever to charge a patient extra money .
i rescheduled to april 7th .
no apology , no compassion- he just acted like a moron-what a jackass !
he was clueless and apathetic at best !
they will not get another penny from me !
horrible customer experience ! ! !
walked out not buying anything .
i have never been disappointed at t.h.c the holistic center
i saw dr. torres .
i had heard he was a decent doctor .
i was not satisfied with his service or that of the entire office .
he told me it was n't necessary because it was n't my history .
she did n't answer any of my questions or give me any information .
they scheduling person never has any clue what is going on either .
they are not that friendly either .
i would never do business with this company again .
however , my major complaint is that i was not given my prescription .
eventually i was in for a contact fitting and asked for a print out .
i had the same issue with my contact fitting .
needless to say no one called me back .
skip these guys and go elsewhere .
this place does not even deserve one star .
i 've come 2 times .
and another 20 mins in the room before seeing the doctor .
she has taken her phone out 2 times to google things .
i know doctors do n't know everything but that just is unprofessional .
i 'm disgusted and so disappointed with this clinic .
it 's not only me .
waste of time and money
pushed my sons dairy allergy off as dry skin/eczema .
took him in today .
he 's been sick and i was just diagnosed with double pneumonia .
he diagnosed my son with croup .
i knew this was n't true so i got a second opinion .
my son has pneumonia as well !
you are a god damn idiot ! !
and i will never be back here .
think twice about bringing your kids to this shitty place !
i never once had my lower back touched ! !
horrible experience through and through .
first off , they are remodeling and it 's confusing which door to enter .
root canal was done wrong by dr trujillo .
he did n't numb me enough and started working and i screamed and cried .
there was no laughing gas .
she said she would call me `` in the next few days '' .
it was wednesday and now it 's tuesday of the next week .
after calling today , the receptionist got back to me and left a message .
my urgent care dr said he would never prescribe 800mg ibuprofen ! ! )
and finally , there was a cockroach in the back of the new office .
i want my money back there is no appointment with specialist .
i needed an x-ray on my right wrist .
i called 4 times to schedule an appointment .
when i finally got through - `` oh , x-rays are walk in .
no appointment necessary '' .
i have always received speedy service at valley .
that was a 5.5 hour wait .
this place solicited me to leave were i was to come to them !
i did not seek them out they solicited me out !
what a big mistake ! ! ! ! !
i have severe hip pain from radiation i had 2 cordizone shots scheduled .
i called my provided they said i didnt need prior .
we had a bad conversation i got rude and so did they !
a bunch of nit wits !
this post is more about the office itself than the doctor .
then i waited over an hour to see the dr. beisbroeck .
the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
i re-explained the situation and said that i was frustrated about my whole experience .
if i could give them zero stars i would !
yep this practice is horrible .
always wait 30 minutes past appt time , constant turnover .
front staff is clueless , never follow up .
weeks to get referrals , etc .
run do n't walk away from this place .
i do n't recall ever getting a prescription filled on time by this pharmacy .
every time you call , it 's a different a excuse .
i had cool sculpting done without results .
i 'm 5 ' 3 and 124 at the start of the treatment .
sadly i see no results now 4 mths out .
i wish they would have said i would n't see results at the consultation .
the lack of results has made me depressed .
it was an extremely expensive $ 1200 lesson on body exceptance .
i 'm not perfect but i 'm pretty damn lucky to look this way .
also ... .thank goodness high waisted jeans are in fashion
in hindsight i 'm kicking myself for not driving elsewhere .
a few weeks down the road however , the pain was back .
so i call them back .
i went in for my appointment and everything actually went amazingly smoothly .
they told me the only part my insurance does n't cover is $ 154 .
all is good right ?
nope , sorry , your insurance did n't pay .
okay ... so i call my insurance company .
so i call the dentist office back and explain this to them .
`` well , do you want to get paid or not ? ''
well , they failed to put most of their info on it .
in the meantime the jerks try to send me to collections .
they send me nasty letters in the mail about every two weeks .
every time i call and they deny sending anything .
i have the freaking letter in my hand !
bottom line , do not ever go here to get anything done .
their front desk and billing staff are horrible .
the x-ray tech was really nice .
it took forever to book a family doctor .
i went in for a couple of times for walk in .
i was pretty upset with that visit .
but i am willing to give it second try .
i was surprise they did n't tell me when i booked my appointment .
i suppose this is not the first time it happened .
and this only means i have to wait however long to book another appointment .
also i never get a call back for an alternative arrangement .
i do n't argue further guess it 's not a good fit for me .
not at all impressed with the gilbert office on mercy .
not kid friendly or cozy environment- especially waiting room .
md mckenna not touchy feeling ( maybe a bad day ? )
and made us wait 25 min in the room until she came in .
then spent under 10 min with us .
chandler office is a better environment .
np was very helpful and nice .
a lot better service and attention .
these 5 star reviews have to be fake .
i found bow valley massage online and thought i 'd give them a try .
my massage was with a lady named linda .
what i got was a very light massage with her elbows only .
i do n't think her hands ever touched me .
i will not be returning .
their webste evn advertises lower than emergency tom costs .
i went twice with my sin and paid 160.00 more than i planned .
do not go here to save $ $ $ $ $
the worst women 's healthcare you will ever receive .
i will never return to this women 's `` healthcare '' facility .
i was incredibly disappointed with this place .
it was so ... wrong .
i did n't but i did want to get out of there fast .
i will continue driving to my favorite place on the westside .
it 's cheaper too .
seriously misled ... 4 stars ?
very disappointing visit for pch .
we have never had a bad experience with them until last night .
the lack of communication and organization was sad .
all the while my son does not even have a diaper covering him .
the school itself , is another story .
the plumbing was always out of order .
water was flooding the hallway and classes had to be cancelled several times .
i do not know if it has been fixed since i 've been there .
we got yelled at that it was not professional .
of course i do n't look like it .
but that was n't allowed .
our lab had freezing water as well .
the bullying was horrible .
so much for their no tolerance on bullying .
i never thought too much about which dentist i go to .
unfortunately , i needed a deep cleaning .
i was quoted a certain price after they looked at my insurance .
i 'm just out of college and a public school teacher .
i could not afford this !
the actual dentist was an absolute jerk to me .
basically insulting my intelligence !
the dental hygienist actually apologized for him !
she was professional , thorough , and extremely nice !
she was the only reason i stayed as long as i had .
i do n't understand what the motivation is for this .
she demanded i pay full price and ca n't use the voucher .
something came up and i asked to reschedule .
she refused to let me reschedule .
i 'm sorry i could n't make it .
this was such an unprofessional experience and just wasted $ 139 .
the procedure took all of 2 minutes .
felt like was behind a curtain in in emergency room .
the photos on yelp and the web site are deceiving .
the video was taken someplace else .
could n't do much with my feet in a bucket .
some people like this deep stuff , but not me .
next i was escorted to another room with curtains for a body message .
they were under towels but it was too awkward for my taste .
i felt like i was walking through the men 's room to leave .
i wo n't be returning .
horribly disorganized place , do n't even bother !
complete lack of customer service .
mind you they still have 15 minutes before the store closes .
never again will i go to massage envy at rock springs .
the service has really gone downhill .
all the good therapists have left .
trying out boca park next week .
happened to you ? ? ?
i hope you got a restraining order against him ' ... type of shiner .
my eye was/is literally black .
and my face wo n't move to this there is no excuse .
there was also no follow up call as was promised .
on the up side .
the facility was clean and cherry .
the front staff very nice .
dr t ... . forgive me ... .. i strayed ... ...
my first appointment was great !
i left feeling very optimistic and excited to finally be rid of my allergies .
complete waste of time and i ended up late to work .
really makes me feel cared about .
one of my concerns is that i 'm dealing with depression .
for the month i was on it , the results were great .
as a result , i am now looking for a new medical office .
i waited for the doctor for an hour and 45 minutes .
they always seem to run behind .
parking is horrendous too .
i never want to go back .
how can i rate them 0 ?
they 're greedy and do n't listen to me .
i 've switched psychiatrists with no hope .
i 've been misdiagnosed for years as well .
how many people have they killed ?
do n't expect to be seen anytime near your appointment .
thought i could drop in on my lunch .
do n't , do n't , do n't go here !
especially an 1 1/2 hours before they close !
avoid this place ! !
i do n't recommend coming here .
i waited almost an hour after my appointment and still was n't helped .
dr. lokey was rude and condescending .
she made snide remarks on multiple occasions .
our family and our friends have since changed and are much happier .
save your time if planning to donate goods .
i called them ... they give an all day window for pick-up..great !
next , driver shows up and takes out a branch on my tree..wonderful .
now they start to examine and cherry pick what they want .
none of this was worthless junk mind you .
do n't waste your time with this chapter in cleveland .
call goodwill ... they 're helpful and grateful for donations .
this office is terrible .
i was in the hospital and saw a dr from this group .
i was told to schedule a stress test when i was released .
well that was impossible .
so i left without scheduling .
do you know what 's slower and more inefficient than calgary laboratory services ?
very , very disappointing service .
i went last fall for a teeth cleaning .
today i went in for a teeth cleaning that i scheduled 4 weeks ago .
i never got a phone call , email or text from them .
now it 's too late to schedule anywhere else .
i 'm very disappointed in the lack of professionalism .
i 'll be choosing a more reliable dentist from now on .
that 's where the positives end .
i went there for a skin check by the doctor .
she performed cryosurgery , which has left a noticeable scar on my face .
i wo n't be going back .
this is the worst office i have been to .
be aware if you are on medicaid , they are the worst mco ever .
you will end up paying cash for every doctor you see .
whatever doctor we find on their list tells us to pay our own bill .
it happened every time .
avoid them ! ! !
once you pick them , your nightmare will never end ! !
i ca n't believe i have to give at least a star ! !
this should be a negative star place ! ! !
i just got out not even 5 minutes ago .
then we wait for the doctor to come right , ? like usual .
by this time its maybe 3:40pm .
these kids are 12 6 7 4 and just got out of school .
there hungry and cranky !
and i have other things to do .
im sorry but i got other things to do and feed my kids .
then the doctor was only in there for less than 5 minutes .
if i could give this place a zero i would ! ! ! !
i went there one time .
er wait time was 5 hours .
spent a total of 16 hours in er ... staff extremely rude
it was like it wasnt the same doctor .
edit- they tried to fix the situation with a free massage .
i have yet to receive that massage .
i called my doctor to refer me somewhere else , never this place again .
soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged .
awful communication between staff , security , and visitors .
again , i had problems with security .
i explained i did n't have a vehicle to lock them up in .
they told me they do n't hold those items at the desk .
they scanned me with a wand and i went through .
the nurse explained it was okay .
30 minutes later while visiting security asks `` what 's in your pocket ? ''
i told him `` my wallet . ''
so i ask security `` why did the e.r say that i could ? ''
a female security guard asks `` who told you that ? ''
i told her `` you did . ''
because she was in the lobby when i first arrived with another security personal .
i gave her my wallet and told them they need better communication between staff/visitors .
he worked himself up during an outburst into an asthma attack .
i told her needed treatment , a nubulizer , an inhaler or something .
ca n't you see he 's having an asthma attack ? !
can you get someone ? !
he ca n't breathe ! ''
the doctor decided to do an x-ray on his lungs .
i am changing my review .
i still think dr. cotton is great with kids chairside .
first , they insisted that my daughter have nitrous oxide for sealants .
the cdc and the ada were at odds with this last i checked .
it causes fluorosis , and even the ada recognizes this .
to be clear , i 'm not anti-fluoride .
my kids get fluoride treatments , and i 'm ok with that .
agree with her , or disagree .
we were running a few minutes late for our appointment .
nine minutes to be exact , as i pulled into the parking spot outside .
two hours on the road was totally out of the question .
i was scheduled at 11:30 , and lunch apparently begins at noon .
i told her we 'd be finding a new dentist instead .
first off , it was nine minutes .
i 'm thinking they 'd have a pretty empty schedule .
running a practice is n't just about what happens in the treatment room .
did the 60 minutes foot massage .
not only it was the worst massage ever .
it was the most ridiculous experience ever .
the masseuse demanded a 30 % gratuity .
i have never heard such a thing .
lots of bells and whistles , not all necessary .
all the x-rays and photos of my teeth took forever and were torture .
my cleaning was pretty painful .
they were very careful and sweet w my son .
i do n't feel what they prescribed was necessary .
my husband had a horrible experience w them so we wo n't be back .
it 's time to change doctors .
my mother uses this doctor .
i think i will be reporting them .
this is not the only issue i have with this place .
the dentist , dr. kim blanding has no business being a dentist .
my so called well woman exam was a joke .
no introduction no pleasantries .
he gave me a breast exam and that 's it .
i would never recommend this doctor .
here is how my office visit went down .
arrived and filled out their paperwork .
one page asked all the usual medical questions .
office worker called me into a room .
took my contact lenses out - we ran some tests .
i am in an eye doctors office - right ?
i go into another room and run through the eye chart - lens tests .
then they dilate my pupils .
i sit in the waiting area -not too long .
go back into other room - dr runs more tests .
then they bring me back into the first room for another test .
she says - ok then you do n't need to take this test .
i tell them again - i ca n't see anything .
they said - oh - you are done with your exam .
can i put my contacts back in ?
the doctor came out and explained everything to me .
i paid and left .
i ended up buying them online for about $ 80 total .
i also had to call 2x to get them to fax me my prescription .
outrageous billing , especially considering service i received was just horrible .
i would not recommend going to them at all .
so why are they using this as a method to diagnose the problem ?
i have given this facility three tries .
first time was a 3 hour wait .
it was busy , so understandable that it could be that long .
but i could n't help but feel there was an extreme lack of urgency .
staff was ok. not bad , not great .
4 freaking hours of waiting till i saw a doctor .
while they were apologetic , it does n't excuse the experience .
my third and final visit is simply , my last .
what in the hell is going on at this place ?
it 's not some run down , pop up urgent care .
one tip for this place ... set better expectations with your patients .
update-i am still trying to resolve incorrect billing issues from 8 months ago .
the phone number is out of order .
no other information listed for another number .
waiting for a reply from groupon customer service .
the food is somewhat average .
black bean burrito was a 2/10 .
quinoa onion rings are pretty delish and the deserts are to die for .
this place made me feel like i was at the dmv !
they take their sweet time with their costumers sitting behind their desk .
they do n't even have a big selection to choose from !
well let me tell you !
do n't believe me ?
then go to pearl vision to compare the cost .
avoid this location at all cost !
staff is rude , inconsiderate , loses paperwork , very unprofessional !
there are several locations in town , visit another one !
this place will and has always reminded me of a used car lot .
it 's a franchise and the receptionists are friendly , fake and inexperienced .
not sure i will return !
i visited this urgent care in july of 2014 for dehydration .
i asked for a saline iv drip and the pa agreed .
i would not recommend this urgent care for anything beyond a prescription fill .
he then forgets to put my points for the two smoothies as well .
i 'll make sure not to come in when he 's there .
i honestly do n't even need to write a review .
just look at the ones already written .
completely speaks for itself .
i could n't understand one word the in-take person said at the counter .
please put someone at the counter customers can understand .
just tell everyone they need an appointment .
they just took people as they came in for appointments .
this place is terrible .
i work on the same industry i never seen an unorganized health facility .
high end optical store .
they did not understand my insurance benefits .
i am only giving one star because i ca n't give zero stars .
i did not put the iv in my arm !
plan on waiting 45 minutes even with an appointment booked in advance .
i got my nexplanon implant removed $ 234 .
i also got the depo shot $ 89 .
so why did they charge me $ 383 instead of $ 323 ? !
you knew i was getting both services from the beginning !
i was told 3 different times that it would be $ 323 !
i even asked when making my appointment if there was any other fees !
i would of just got the mirena if that is the case !
i think it is under new management .
was looking for a new pcp .
this is n't the place .
was early for appointment and had to wait over an hour .
front desk staff and intake staff friendly .
physician ( janet pragit ) was awful !
i needed prescription refills and brought in my old prescriptions .
then she proceeded to write one of my prescriptions for 2x/wk instead of 2x/mo .
they then billed my insurance company $ 370.02 !
if you value your health - stay away !
do not go here !
dr. robi burns was the most uncompassionate doctor i have ever dealt with .
not impressed with office at all .
it 's more like a free clinic than a doctors office .
transferred me to a another line .
i do n't have time for all of that , not returning .
secondly , they do n't do substitutions .
is n't the vegetarian mentality to love animals and eachother ?
or is the hippy kitchen staff too stoned to handle a distinction like that ?
the only thing fresh truly has to offer is the coolness factor .
love terry and dr tummala but have had recent issues with office staff .
i recently changed insurance plans and called to ask if they accepted my insurance .
i was told they did and scheduled my appt .
they never called my insurance and will not take responsibility for their mistake .
this practice looks down on mothers .
dr. scott firczak has no kids .
he compares raising his dogs to raising children .
he insults those that sacrifice so much .
there are tons of good chiropractors out there .
on another note : the parking lot is awful !
came to vegas last weekend to enjoy time off .
we bought the $ 29 figures it would a better deal .
there was no back massage like other places ive been too .
the worst part of themassage was on my feet .
i got 30 minutes of barely good massage and a foot massage to remember .
maybe next time i will pay regular price instead of using groupon .
you have been warned .
i 've been a patient of dr. wyse for several years .
there are some rare services or individuals that are worth the extra wait .
this , unfortunately , is not one of them .
such a big carrier with a huge number of subscribers is not accepted ?
i 'm sure they 've got their reasons but i 'm really disappointed !
the facililty was very clean and orderly .
i honestly do n't think the dentist knows what she 's doing with invisalign .
i 'm sorry , i just have to be honest .
i compared my teeth now versus before , sadly it is too late .
please save yourself the heartache of a bad outcome and go to another dentist .
i went because i was having a rapid heartbeat .
they saw me and determined it was n't an emergency .
really ? ? ? ?
they could n't have told me that at the beginning ?
i could have gone elsewhere .
anyway , the entire visit was $ 15,000+ .
it 's nothing but pure legal robbery .
they should be ashamed of themselves .
soup is rarely fresh .
seems like it has sat there for a while .
there was no one to help either .
will i be whole after i eat food from whole foods ?
she actually never said `` hello '' and never smiled .
ca n't say this was a good experience and i wo n't be back .
look for a doctor who thoroughly explains what she is doing and why .
i expected better quality of service during my visit but was very disappointed .
first problem is price .
you will be paying the highest prices anywhere .
dentists do n't last long here .
we were here two years and are working on our third dentist .
3rd problem : scheduling .
appointments are constantly cancelled and rescheduled weeks out .
i was trying to get my son 's treatment completed since march .
i also complained and requested that dr mugelsten ( the owner ) contact me .
not a big deal or red flag .
i said politely , `` to make an appointment . ''
she hung up on me .
they took my number and nothing ever happened .
at 4:00pm took my dog to stonecrest animal hospital .
we got in right away and the staff/doctor were awesome !
we had no issues !
hope my experience is a single , isolated incident .
i feel like a number here and have decided to go some where else .
i highly do not recommend this place .
do n't let yourself fall by all the toys they have in the clinic .
looks can be deceiving .
do n't trust this company/location .
no issues what so ever .
who does that ? ? ?
ironic i think not .
always get a second opinion ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
and preferably by someone who is not a scam artist .
i purchased a cartridge and two dab buckets ( bogo ) .
i drove back to the store with the hope of simply exchanging the cartridge .
not to mention , why does my 14 day allowance matter ?
all in front of an audience of people .
i 'm so embarrassed ...
all dr. hopkins does is sit in his office and collect his paycheck .
i even contacted the college of physicians and surgeons to file a complaint .
find a different doctor .
you deserve to have your health concerns addressed .
i called my insurance company & they verified everything on my card was correct .
they helped every single person who came through prior to getting my stuff done .
if you have a choice , steer clear of this gym turned frat house .
the only thing going for this gym is its location .
real attitude problems amongst its staff members .
you might even catch them talking behind your back right in front of you .
life is too short to be a wynn fitness member !
go at your own risk
the absolute worse pedicure i have every gotten - especially for $ 35 .
the gal actually cut my large toe by too aggressively using the callus pumas .
four days later it is finally healing .
pay the extra and go to one of the hotel spas .
this place is a no go .
when are day shift working relatives supposed to see patients ?
calloused and arbitrary much , are we ?
i ran fast after one initial visit .
and not let me stay with him .
i switched to boyne and she did n't even use laughing gas !
( and let me stay with him . )
she used her great bedside manner to put him at ease and distract him .
harder work than the easy way out of sedating .
food came out barely warm and mediocre .
it is vegetarian and vegan friendly but skip it if you have other options .
there is no dialog with her .
she barely listens and then tells you to let her talk .
my concern about side effects i am experiencing totally brushed aside .
she talked at me for most of appointment and barely let me talk .
if your looking for a good school to better your self run !
i went to this school in 2010 and it was very unprofessional .
so here i am with 6000 dollars in deat and no degree .
burst fracture of my l1 3 weeks ago .
had major back surgery and was told that hanger was `` world-class '' .
well not quite sure who made that decision for the `` world-class '' part .
brace was improperly delivered to me at the hospital .
it did n't fit properly and they sent someone to `` fix '' it .
then tells me `` appointments take two weeks '' .
i would never recommend hanger to anyone .
poor quality , poor attitude , and terrible service .
i visited pearl med spa because i received a coupon for a free facial .
when it was time to pay they charged me $ 12.99 plus tax .
$ 14 for a damn glass of juice ! !
also the daves killer bread is almost $ 2 more than frys .
bathrooms always have lavender soap .
at this point if yelp would let me put no stars i would !
this place is horrible ! ! !
which you would think is great right ?
i mean this is so unbelievable avoid at all costs .
these people are awful !
the company is run like uber or lyft without the professional service .
the drivers use their own private vehicles .
unethical , unprofessional , and unreliable .
stay away ! ! ! ! !
apparently they were on lunch break and never communicated this to us .
very unprofessional and will never recommend this office !
i have a love/hate relationship with the ubiquitous wal-mart .
and the prices are usually decent .
this was a bad move on their part !
my most recent bad experience there was recent .
beware on returning products ! ! ! !
a few months ago , i purchased an item at the fashion show mall .
i did n't like the product .
the manager or owner was so rude ! ! ! !
he got mad because i bought the item at fs mall .
he told me i should go to fs mall to return it .
i got there right when it opened .
buyer beware ! ! ! !
hopefully you will never have to return anything you buy here ! ! ! !
i will not be returning to this location !
the manager working on friday night 4/18/14 was very rude ! !
i had just given the coupon and knew it was in her register .
i then asked for a manager .
i said that is wrong .
most cashiers return your manufacture coupon if it is right in their register .
he then just walked away from me and did not resolve the problem .
later , i called the cvs i usually go to .
be careful about this when you are shopping in this store ! !
i found them to be rude , no bed side manners at all .
i do n't recommend this doctor or the staff .
i wanted to leave their immediately .
i was told sign the clip board and to take a seat .
i did n't get my paperwork until 8:20am and it was 6 pages long .
really frustrated by this time .
3 different people by this time ! ! !
and the third and final person once again ask me about xrays again .
can i say lost of communication again ... grrr !
the massage was excellent and my masseuse was amazing ! !
it was the `` manager '' my friends and i had a problem with .
i told him i already tipped and my masseuse nodded in agreement .
if that was the case , the tip was still within their expected range .
went there for a second opinion and what a shock .
that 's nearly $ 16,000 worth of work .
wanted to get it done within 1-2 weeks .
he does have lots of fancy equipment .
her immediate response was `` do you want to leave now ?
i have been with her for 3-4 years .
she was obviously peeved at getting feedback from a lowly customer .
waited over an hour and a half with 4 people in front of me .
receptionist was nice but that 's all .
no urgency with my 103 degree fever and chills .
i have seen dr. maduka and some of the physician assistants .
he has helped me so much with all of my pain problems .
so today , i went into the office to do so .
mercedes at the urgent care front desk was extremely rude and unprofessional .
she told me she would not even so much as show me my results .
she said she did n't care because she ca n't find them anyways .
so unprofessional and annoying .
total wait time in the lobby was about an hour .
( did not put me at ease .
he did n't really seem to take in what i was saying .
and based off asking me my previous experience just prescribed me something similar ?
not sure if i was properly helped like i could have been .
i wo n't be coming back to this location .
this place is so expensive .
which ended up cutting way too close to my wedding date .
this place is more affordable than others , but not good quality work .
i usually crack 6-7 , of 8 attempts elsewhere
ive been a patient for over 15 years .
i made an appointment for today .
when i woke up this morning our apt .
and then my phone service was also down .
and that i also was out of blood pressure meds .
weve had nothing but damaging storms where i live .
i have no control over this .
ive been a loyal patient for 15 years .
it really hurts my feelings .
for fifteen years ive always kept my appointments .
of course there have been times when circumstances have made me call to reschedule .
my sister has cancer .
no one to help her .
i dont know , why did they get upset .
they make me feel belittled .
and that im a bad person .
thats really sad after 15 years with dr. vasireddy .
long waits even when slow !
was at er for over three hours and there were two people there .
watched a full shift change .
it was a painful procedure and my veins are still clearly obvious .
see the pictures in my review and read about what happened .
they then had a collections agency double the bill with service fees .
and that 's legal ? !
that is where our power over the institution remains .
i told them that they were kidding , right ?
she was my my primary physician .
any time i mentioned anything , i was thoroughly tested for it .
she would do these shots for me and knew my history .
it was completely humiliating for me .
then i received that $ 700 bill in the mail .
besides being treated crappy , her billing was always wrong .
always being over billed and double billed .
all the things in all the other reviews are true .
she is all about the money and prestige and fame , all ego .
she will unnecessarily test you to make that insurance money .
i guess i will update my post when my daughters glasses are finally received .
this store really lacks selection .
this was an aggravating experience and we never stepped foot into an office .
could not get an appointment scheduled sooner than a month later .
and he 's decided he only wants to work three days a week .
working in community behavioral health myself , i understand the frustrations of staffing issues .
but that is n't actually what 's happening .
this place is a falsely advertised urgent care facility .
i went in for the flu .
i am going to fight this if i can because this is ridiculous !
i am looking into asking my regular dr. to refer me to someone else .
the shit hit the fan , whoop .
then she says `` so , what did we do ?
what treatment did we take ? ''
-read/review your patients chart before you open your mouth .
otherwise , people start to lose confidence in whatever comes out of your mouth .
i do n't heart you , i do n't even like you .
super expensive for honestly no service .
my therapist geriann was amazing !
perfect pressure where needed very professional and attentive to my needs .
my anxiety was rising and the massage efforts were fading .
i had some mango smoothie here .
it tasted nothing like mango .
it may have made my experience a bit better .
another girl prepared the drinks .
`` you 're welcome ! ''
that you expect as a norm from any customer service position .
kinda warm in there too .
i would never stop by in the summer to cool off .
in short : do n't come here .
first i heard of it so i was alil irritated .
i have never met such an incompetent family practice .
avoid this place at all costs .
she seems to know what she is talking about and is well learned .
but these are the only things good about this place .
my family met with dr. sparks once .
we had to wait over 2 months for an appointment .
after waiting that long , one would think they would get some individual attention .
that 's a negative .
dr. sparks did not take any interested in either my wife or i personally .
she was unable to take time for us on any occasion .
instead , we had to meet with a new doctor hired by dr. sparks .
both times , we had to wait over 45 minutes to see the doctor .
this is completely unacceptable .
we made freaking appointments .
showed up at least 10 minutes early .
then had to wait 45 minutes until we were able to see a doctor .
there is no universe that this is acceptable .
this practice has so many operational issues , not to mention priority problems .
this was my first time at massage envy .
translation , not a sketchy massage parlor .
the introductory price was another bonus .
you could tell the masseuse was fairly inexperienced .
the massage was pretty generic .
i probably would n't return .
be prepared for the member spew when trying to pay for the one visit .
decent prices , but very disorganized .
i got 3 different methods on how to treat a nail removal .
appointment was at 2pm .
it took them 55 minutes for a dentist to see me .
45 of those spent in the lobby waiting area .
irritated that i wasted 2 hours of my saturday here .
i wo n't be back .
claimed my daughter had cavities upon a 2nd review proved she did not .
we will never go back there again .
this doctor is a complete crook .
not only was she late to the appt , she did nothing .
my primary dr refered me here after an abnormal pap .
talk about unprofessional ! ! !
so i got no pap , nothing but a bill for 100 !
i wasted my insurance here .
i have none left .
i thought this appt was about my body ?
do not go here shes so unprofessional .
there are plenty of other obs in the valley who are more attentive .
i do not recommend this place to anyone ! !
then his glasses broke in half while he was trying on glasses there .
`` but your ad right here says you offer 1 hour service ! ''
she would n't even check to see if the frames are in stock .
completely lack of customer service .
other salespeople are just standing there .
i go to the back to wait for my husband to get done .
doc is not rude , just apathetic .
no apology for poor customer service .
while my husband is finishing up his dilation , i start to google .
found a nearby lenscrafters , called them , they had the lens in stock .
we jet over there , one hour later , my husband has his glasses .
better frames , decent service and a decent price .
there was no excuse .
went in on a monday , and the doctor wrote me a prescription .
i 'm told the doctor needs to see my insurance formulary .
so i take it there , and am told they will call me back .
and i 'm told they 'll call me back .
do not use this place .
i made my final purchase there .
customer service is not their strength .
the day prior to his appointment my sister receive a call stating the appt .
when i arrived i was told my appt .
was at 10. which now push me back and made me late for work .
i was advised by receptionist that fitting if a crown would not take long .
it 's been over 2.0 hour .
unbelievable ... .. horrible service .
i 'll be taking my brother somewhere else ... , stay away .
the waiting room chairs are disgusting .
i go to the office on teneya .
i was n't told by his offfice i would be seeing a nurse practitioner .
even their answering machine is rude .
i see the p.a .
she has given me new outlook on life .
if she leaves i will not go back .
no letter , text , or phone call .
14 months , seriously ! !
i never regretted being to any doctors office before .
there is an elder lady right now who is having issue finding her paper .
there is 1 and 3 but no 2. what a joke !
negligent and irresponsible staff ! !
have already reported and filed complaints to allergan and the arizona naturopathic doctors .
frozen is a movie ... not what i asked for .
plus my eyebrows are uneven .
sleazy sales pitch after sleazy sales pitch .
am i at a medspa or a dirty used car lot ?
over priced membership package ?
more botox ? ! ? !
are you serious ? !
should have walked out then .
outdoor sign says botox $ 9/unit .
tried to charge me $ 14/unit .
complained to owner , she said staff would reach out and apologize .
ca n't teach class .
doctor 's here are good .
but they make schedule for their doctors overlapped in-between patients .
no enough time in-between patients for doctor 's to breath .
another you have to wait for a long period of time to your appointment .
they have a horrible answering service ! ! !
it just keeps on ringing
i am never coming back here again .
i arrived more than 10 minutes early for my appointment .
i had to leave because i had other affairs .
i will never come back .
rude horrible service do n't come here ! ! ! !
i arrived shortly before my scheduled appointment .
the waiting room was jammed packed .
i was not happy with the hour+ long wait i experienced .
i took that opportunity to ask what the hold-up was .
i was pleasant when asking , not rude .
dr. kim 's pa rushed through my exam .
specific questions i wanted to ask were left unanswered because of the hurried pace .
i will be returning to my former doctor for my next screening .
however , this visit was a waste of my time .
i 'm a paying customer/patient .
spectrum 's administrative staff needs lessons in courtesy and organization .
when i got the receipt , it said $ 75 .
well , this is my very first comment on yelp .
i went to this location today .
me and my boyfriend wait there for 20 mins with no one come .
i go every month to labcorp for my blood test .
here i did one blood test and well the picture speaks louder than words .
note im a pretty happy camper with mostly 5 stars kind of guy .
this doctor was horrible .
i would give zero stars if possible .
my second visit just got worse .
she had no compassion during a time of loss .
to be told what i already thought i knew .
thus prolonging my torment .
my interaction just went down hill from there .
she then did not follow the comment up with a reason ! !
because she clearly did n't know `` why '' herself .
i had to see her weeks later in order to have surgery .
she would not release me to see another doctor prior to the surgery .
in the end she suggested i find another doctor !
are you freaking kidding me ?
as if i would ever allow her to handle my medical care again .
i found this place on group-on .
the voucher cost $ 39 for a 60-minute massage with an insurance receipt .
had to call multiple times .
answering machine comes on , but does n't allow you to leave a message .
i was a little annoyed because i had informed them i had a group-on .
it was their duty to ask if i needed a receipt .
i did n't know that they had multiple group-ons !
c. the place was filthy .
i admit that it 's winter and we all get muck on our shoes .
but the floors were disgusting !
d. i was shown into a room .
and what do you know , a male therapist walks in !
i am a woman .
i am not comfortable with male therapists .
so i proceeded to have the most awkward massage of my life .
he kept telling me to relax my muscles , but how could i !
i was so uncomfortable !
to give him credit , he did keep most of my body covered .
i asked him only to do my upper back , neck and legs .
he did a decent job .
overall , i kept getting a creepy feeling about this place .
my husband was laughing when i told him about my experience !
i would not recommend this place for a woman for sure .
this was my first experience .
however , that was a huge mistake .
i later emailed the pa to get the results .
they billed me and would not discuss it ?
but md24 is a really lousy choice in my experience .
this was the weirdest couples massage ever .
the massage itself was good i guess .
the atmosphere and everything else was like something from the twilight zone .
the employees at the front are so unprofessional .
they were arguing loudly in front of us while we waited for our appointment .
he barely looked at me .
the glasses arm was broken .
so , not professional looking .
i got wired up for the weekend long test .
the tech who did it was nice .
gave me different info than i was told later .
i had some nurse that spoke to me like an auctioneer , no kidding .
i got nowhere with this place .
removal is defined as eliminating .
after nine treatments , i still have hair .
i would no longer need to shave or wax .
that is not the case .
the goal of ideal image is to remove 80 % of hair .
however , that is not stated in the contract .
should n't the lifetime membership kick in years later after the last treatment ?
if you want all of your hair removed then continue looking for another company .
try your local dermatologist office .
he showed me imperfections in my bite , etc .
finally , it clicked that they were recommending this for a completely different issue .
so finally , they sent me back and they executed the cementing quickly .
they never once checked my bite to verify before letting me go , either .
they are only in business because they very obviously cater to children .
i can not in good conscience even rate at one star .
this office has very few good points in their favor .
no one answers the phone , the reception person is beyond rude !
we will be taking our business elsewhere .
find ? ? ! !
if i could give no stars i would .
sad because this is the first negative review i 've written smh .
following the apple-green awning to this fresh lively waiting room .
there are many reasons to go to a dermatologist - mine ?
after chatting about my little dot we decided i needed it zapped .
i passed on the biopsy knowing the risks but taking them on anyways .
it will reduce the dot but could take a month .
so why two stars ?
is this priceness due to the convenience of uptown ?
if i need more treatments , i will definitely price out other locations first .
my vet recommended this pharmacy and they seemed ok at first .
you had to call in and place the prescription and they were very nice .
when i went to refill , i waited like 2 weeks and got nothing .
i tried contacting them through their website as it is difficult to call sometimes .
what was the point of putting my credit card info on their website ?
well , i went to their website and put in the refill .
so i sent them an email through their webiste ... again ... .nothing .
well , its been almost a week and still no drops for my dog .
that was 2 months ago .
i think this will be my last order .
1st time , shame on you , 2nd time - shame on me .
that 's a rip off ! ! ! !
and hey ! ! !
the time starts when you are undressed and in the bed ready for massage .
it 's a whole hour ! ! !
i felt like he was pulling my teeth out .
i called and cancelled my next appointment .
i have never had a bruise from going to the dentist !
i only had x-rays done and 3 cavities filled ! !
i will not be returning to them or recommending them to anyone !
i would not recommend this office to anyone .
this office is not honest .
i went there for a routine eye check up .
i showed my id and insurance card .
just told me after the service is done .
i could have gone somewhere where i 'm covered .
they just wanted my money .
it does n't matter if i signed a financial responsibility .
worse pharmacy in belmont .
customer service = nonexistent .
i highly recommend the walgreens right across the street .
the ladies in there did n't have respect for customers .
they kept giggling and talking to each other .
the girl that i had was veryy lazy about the massage .
there was no pressure , as if she was just touching/ rubbing my skin .
just a waste of time and money..
i told them no , but i was calling in about it .
so , yeah -- all extremely important to an extremely ill cat .
end of that week -- still no meds .
overnight shipping on a friday night ?
guess what -- i 've never heard back from them .
big time fails through this whole process and zero contact from them .
i will absolutely never use them again after this .
oh -- and just as an update .
nothing is our fault . ''
great customer service road runner .
what a crappy uncaring company you are .
you should be ashamed .
would give zero stars if possible .
called my insurance and they told me office claimed me for a deficiency .
no call or anything .
also they sent me to the wrong place ( twice ! )
do n't waste your time and money on this place .
this is plain crazy .
the pharmacist is trying very hard to help the customers .
the customer service of the front staff is horrible .
sorry but find another pharmacy .
i waited another 10 minutes after before being seen by the doctor .
the front desk call service is the worst .
the doctor experience was decent , however .
this dentist is a crook !
glad to see his office has closed !
i had only had one my entire life !
i moved out of gilbert and just went to a new dentist .
crazy enough he did n't find a single cavity ! ! !
i called and made an appointment on the 12th for 8:30 on the 21st .
that 's insane i thought !
i have never met the doctor .
i did n't know if they would be male or female .
the only response they gave is , `` it 's the doctors policy '' .
but , not for me .
we will never set foot in this place again !
charging seniors $ 4 for parking ?
why gouge and double dip against seniors on pension ?
dr.armagon is two faced and an insensitive person .
the manager alice needs an attitude adjustment .
we despise your success to the dismay of seniors hoping for compassion and care .
unacceptable ... avoid at all costs .
so i hoped for some improvement in the office procedures .
even the pt office had been watching for a referral .
so much for continuity of care !
i 'm unsure of how this man receives any positive reviews .
he may have prescribed me with useful medications , but he is horrible .
they feel their time is more valuable than ours .
the receptionist is awful .
she crossed her arms and zoned out when talking .
so glad my 30 days is done - never again !
so much to say about this place and not in a good way .
so the spa is located inside the hotel .
easy to find and right off the highway .
the ambiance and entrance of the spa is great .
the space is large and comfortable .
the room was also spacious and well laid out but it was cold .
i asked about the heating which i was told could not be adjusted .
i was offered an extra towel but i remained cold the entire service .
strange enough i noticed an electric fire place but it was never turned on .
i had a combination relaxation and hot stone massage from an esthetician named ruby .
her pressure techniques were strange and a bit unpredictable in a bad way .
i did n't feel like i could relax during the service .
i also felt like there was no practiced method or organization to the massage .
in addition she was using too much oil .
i felt like a fire hazard with the amount that was used .
unfortunately i do n't think i will be back .
the spa is out of my way and it did not meet my standards .
i went to a real dentist , and guess how many cavities i have ?
yup , that 's right , none at all .
i am horrified to think of all the people they have probably ripped off .
it really is hard to find a quality dentist that you can trust .
would not go back , not recommended .
dont believe the reviews .
the technicians do poor quality work here .
the salon is nice , the technicians suck !
a basic gel mani 2 hours and did n't even include a hand massage .
i had to repeatedly ask the technician to trim my cuticles back .
she argued with me on that too .
overall a f experience .
go anywhere but here !
jesmina shrestha , nurse practitioner seemed nice , but odd and nervous .
she had a tablet with someone over video transcribing the visit .
thankfully i got the labs done elsewhere and got my results online .
waste of money and wastw of time .
my hair is black and course and i dont have a hormonal imbalance .
that was a lie .
most of the staff of nice but not all .
since thet dont eant to help i will be making this a legal issue .
i do not recommend them ! ! !
trying to get an appointment at this place is near impossible .
their online system is a joke and the reception never answers the phone .
terrible manners and the receptionists are basically useless .
never coming back to this place .
i went back 15 min later and it was done and on the side .
i asked if anyone else could help and they said no .
honestly , i was just over it .
i paid for my $ 350 in groceries but will probably never go back .
this location needs to have a chat with their employees regarding customer service .
they do n't even deserve a 1 star .
jenelle in the front office is rude !
too bad her attitude shows lack of education .
what century is this ?
people at craft fairs accept credit cards .
drug dealers accept credit cards .
prostitutes accept credit cards .
what the hell is a `` discover card '' anyway ?
it 's like the american dream .
i tried this place out b/c it 's close to my house .
the massage was alright , not enough pressure for my liking but not terrible .
the reason for one star ?
$ 7 was nearly 20 % .
i was horrified that she would even ask such a thing .
i stated $ 7 was enough and left and i will never return !
health partners of nevada has the most unprofessional doctors .
dr. jasper liu is the most rudest doctor i have ever come across .
he has no people skills .
yelled at me like if i was a child .
he assume that i went to see him for my pain medication .
i told him that was not the reason why i was here for .
then he went on to say he wo n't be seeing me any further .
it 's the way he yelled at me .
i called for my refills and my pharmacy gave me meds .
from him last month .
whish was a shock for me .
how can anyone allow such a doctor to practice .
he is rude and very racist doctor .
i hope he loses his license as a doctor .
otherwise i would n't have put any !
okay so the foot massage was wonderful ... the back massage was terrible .
very disappointed in the dentist and staff at affordable dentures .
i had my mother go there because of the high ratings in yelp .
my mother explained she could n't t eat with bottom dentures .
they sent her home with no teeth .
elderly people need extra patience .
very very unhappy with this company .
this store must have the angriest employees i 've ever witnessed .
so miserable and unfriendly .
if looks could kill , well you get the point ... .
staff friendly but no matter how good , no excuse for waiting .
and i 've had about 10 appts over the past three years .
none were under three hour wait .
certainly do not care about the value of patient time .
today i had a 3:10 appt .
it is 5:40 and i 'm still in the waiting room .
i 'm very disappointed in this office .
had i known this policy prior , i would not have chosen this office .
dental practices have taken a serious downturn the past decade .
there is a lot of hard sell now and questionable practices .
i have several issues with hudec .
moreover , my teeth are just not prone to cavities .
so i setup an appointment for simple teeth cleaning and checkup .
this poses a problem because they do not divulge costs consistently .
make sure you know before you agree to anything .
i feel like the hygienist receives commission for procedures that she performs .
super deep cleaning which costs over $ 1000 .
i remember teeth cleanings used to be way more thorough .
i felt worse after the massage than i did going in .
i emailed solescape with this information/feedback on oct. 12 and they never responded .
this is honestly the worst dentist i have ever been to .
sure enough ca n't take it .
do not go here !
i ended up going to another dentist to fix that .
front staff very rude and lacking training .
my therapist was nice but massage was very robotic and repetitive .
lacks the spa environment .
horrible front desk and management .
if i owed this store i would fire all of them .
the massage therapists are amazing .
why was n't i called for the opening .
then , conveniently the manager was n't in again .
i was told to call back .
then , she said the manager was n't available .
it 's evident to me that the managers and receptionists need to be fired .
bad place to going dr goodman is not a good obgyn !
office told me they thought it had gone out but it had not .
he wrote the check for me it would be mailed today .
i thanked her for the update .
this tells me my patronage means nothing .
i would called my client immediately .
but that 's just me .
i do n't expect from others what i do n't expect from myself .
this is the worst place ever .
if you are injured , please do not bother to come here .
i split my elbow open while on vacation in las vegas .
unfortunately this was the first place we found .
there was no sense of urgency .
not even a little sympathy .
no one was bleeding or looked in pain .
after about 1 hour of waiting ( maybe longer ) .
i finally was put into a room to wait for the doctor .
i waited another 20 mins for him to arrive .
i was taken to another room to have the stitches done .
waiting another 30 mins .
waited another 45 mins .
please do not go here .
they trap you in a year long contract and wo n't let you cancel .
not worth the money .
i was sent to dr. cooper by my primary p.a .
i needed blood work to check my hormone levels .
i have been having a lot of health problems , so my p.a .
wanted me to have bio-identical hormone replacement therapy .
supposedly , dr. cooper was one of the few specialists who could help me .
well , dr. cooper refused to do anything .
i did n't just walk in off the street !
this is something my p.a .
she spoke to me as if she thought i was stupid .
i have never had a more unpleasant experience in a medical office .
if you value your time and mental health do not go to this practice .
the staff is absolutely incompetent .
the burger was tall and thick and difficult to eat .
there was a strong after taste of thyme that over powered the burger .
the fries were good though .
the kaleslaw was definitely interesting , and not in a bad way .
the concept is great but over priced and not executed well .
however , the wait for this place is ridiculous .
i was wrongly diagnosed by my urgent care doctor .
the entire interaction with the urgent care doctor was approximately two minutes or less .
a very long wait for such a short examination .
i would n't recommend this place if you can wait .
i only went because it seemed like an emergency .
i have not had any acknowledgement or response .
i can understand being busy , but honestly they have no excuse .
there was 1 person in front of me .
there were no patients besides myself & the other person .
this is n't the first time this has happened either .
it was someone else who was extremely rude over the phone .
she was talking to me as if i was stupid .
i am talking ? ! ! ''
i can not believe how disgusting this lady was .
i am never coming here ever again .
not to be treated like shit .
do not come here .
they are incompetent & disgusting .
extremely over priced , go to the spa for this price .
in my opinion , i really had high hopes for this place .
after another customer complained , they finally did something about it .
the menu was huge and i needed help navigating it .
whoa ! ! ! ! !
not what i want at all .
i ended up with a pounch burger sized shake and a huge bill .
it just did n't live up to the expectations .
maybe it was a fluke .
next time i am by , i will try again .
this is probably going to be my last visit here .
i disagreed with her .
as she was at this last appointment .
so , i declined and said that i was n't coming back .
which , really , i have no intention to return .
i will be taking my business else where .
i went in with a pain in my back upper molar .
they got me in quick which was awesome .
then i was scared into a extraction .
then i actually communicated with them about my problems with the price .
i miss my tooth and this is going to lead to problems .
looking into further action .
just know your expecting a 1+ hour wait !
check in process is slow !
would be nice if they had a sense of urgency with their guest .
last time at this location !
and third i did n't see his license on the wall ?
i do n't recommend it at all .
i decided to take my business elsewhere !
what a fucking joke !
are you fucking kidding me ?
than there was another women scheduled for 11:15 who also was waiting forever .
are you fucking kidding me ? !
my head feels like it 's going to explode .
my pain is n't just physical , it 's mental .
depression and migraines combined are literal hell .
i do n't want to live like this .
i just wanted help .
i left in tears .
both physical and emotional pain .
i ca n't handle this anymore .
what a fucking joke .
if i could give it no stars i would .
they market a birthday gift basket for uw students .
i confirmed that the order was received .
it was never delivered .
now i get my credit card bill and i 've been charged .
i really like dr. yu and the back office .
the front office fills me with such rage .
where do i even start ?
they most certainly did not .
the only phone call i got from them was confirming my appointment .
the very same 'coordinator ' that didnt return my calls for five weeks ? !
i figure at this point i had better just call the pharmacy myself .
the botox was never even ordered !
they did not even have my new insurance !
nobody from my drs office has even contacted them ! !
it appears to be absolutely nothing ! ! !
i love dr. yu but i am absolutely fed up with the front office .
so if you like spending thousands of dollars for nothing pay them a visit .
after one time management decided to revoke what they had promised .
not good business practice in my opinion .
ill be canceling soon .
i was basically told the same thing with no resolution .
the supervisor even apologized to me for not returning my call .
she said she was , ironically , out sick .
ok so let me first say that the massage was ok but not great .
massage tables are very hard and uncomfortable .
not to mention the lotion that used smelled like clay .
then two of the employees were fighting not even 10 feet from me .
but dr. kuty seemed to be concerned with your treatment plan .
will never bother stepping inside this place again .
bought a pair of sunglasses at saks .
i also offered to pay for their time .
the woman working there was super rude .
she complained i should take them to original store .
she insulted me and said the sunglasses were wrong size for my face .
she refused to adjust them .
i went to specs on queen st two days later .
super friendly and nice staff .
and way more helpful .
will def never go to owl again .
they were super friendly , down to earth , and helpful .
complete opposite service that i got at owl .
and owl 's choices of frames was pretty lame anyways .
on my street is another eyeglass store .
owner super helpful and also highly recommend .
horrible customer service at the front desk .
come to find out , they are not .
this place is only interested in robbing people of their money .
showed up for a massage that i booked .
i have filled out numerous pregnancy waivers and received massages .
extremely disappointed in this location .
just me , hubby , and our baby who was in carseat .
also fine , but after the whole experience every little detail sticks out unfortunately .
ordered a `` new mom '' smoothie & hub ordered a black coffee .
oh well we laughed it off .
food came shortly after ... that too was excellent .
small portions but very tasty .
no napkins or forks etc .
we had finger food but we would 've used a napkin .
i was done then .
pharmacy closes at 8:00 pm .
getting ready to move prescriptions someplace more reassuring and helpful .
dirty exterior and grounds too .
i 'd give this place zero stars if i could .
we were in town on vacation and i needed my nails done , stat .
found this place with , what looked like , great reviews .
the gentleman on the phone said , `` we have plenty people to help .
just come in , we 'll take care of you . ''
came in about 3:30pm on a tuesday to an empty salon .
two workers working on one client .
my mistake for not asking how long .
i picked my color and sat in the waiting area .
they were told the same thing .
maybe they were trying to make sure she was well taken care of .
they lost my service .
i do n't know if they ended up losing the other .
i do n't care .
huge waste of time .
pretty sure i just got ripped off .
there was no promotion and it was wildly expensive .
almost $ 6,000 for laser on my legs .
( i thought this was a corporate legit company .
so i did n't want to insult the manager by doing that ) .
i was suppose to notice a significant difference and i do n't .
my biggest mistake was not doing the research before the consultation .
i attempted to make an appointment online .
it stated someone would call me to confirm my appointment .
guess i 'll take my money elsewhere .
they are excellent -- at wasting time !
had to leave work early and drive across town .
they really did n't care .
they charge $ 50 for the first visit too .
the nurse kindly offered to contact banner hospice .
the hospice nurse was nice .
she said all the right things and i believe she was sincere .
i asked for a manager .
i spoke with the hospice nurse .
she did n't know why i needed to speak with her .
she had n't heard from the manager .
i had to keep after them and get it handled .
i do n't think so .
she 's not even awake at 6 am !
i , once again , called the banner health hospice manager .
i could n't convince banner health hospice that they made a mistake .
i called banner health hospice again and again .
they did n't want to deal with it .
i had to handle it .
i was lucky enough to be with her , holding her hand .
banner health hospice made a sad situation horrible and stressful .
in every situation , they made things worse .
letting others that just arrived go b4 me .
i do n't recommend u go here .
the people r friendly but now it 's like .
oh he has a purple folder so make him wait .
the customer service in this place is horrible .
brick and mortar chain druggist .
that being said they do occasionally have some decent specials/sales .
they have a $ 100 cancellation policy if you cancel less than 48 hours .
its too bad they want to lose patients over this : (
waited 1 hour and 50 minutes despite showing up 20 minutes early to appointment .
purchased a groupon for microdermabrasion .
( this is the yonge-eg location )
if i could give this zero stars i would .
he told me what i already knew did nothing to help .
waste of time and money .
i will never go back
seriously , your focal point is `` skin '' .
the phone rings and rings .
you can never get through to scheduling .
beware when using this service .
i got my teeth whitened over 2 months ago and they still hurt .
rethink using this service .
i had two visits with jaqueline .
the first visit was ok she seemed to care and offered ok advice .
the 2nd time not so much .
never coming back again .
abandon hope , all ye who enter here .
i have never had a good interaction with the staff here .
nothing is ever done in a timely manner .
doctors are okay , staff simply do n't care .
i felt like i was an animal at a vet clinic .
went in for my initial teeth cleaning after moving to this area .
dr. was not personal and busy with other things .
waited for 30 minutes to see the doctor .
they wanted to remove my gold fillings and replace them with porcelain .
i needed 2 root canals and had cavities inside recent fillings .
feeling a gut instinct , i did n't make another appointment .
before any work was complete or appointment made .
so very very disappointed in this dentistry .
if you decide to visit , get a second opinion .
i guarantee they have lied .
apparently the only person that had keys was about 30 minutes late .
the appointment did n't go that great either .
the technitian treated me like an idiot because i had questions ... never again .
two girls who we there could nearly speak few words english .
i read few good reviews about this place on yelp .
i went here because the doctor i was seeing supposedly had good reviews .
i wish i would have looked here before i wasted over two hours .
i handed the girl my paperwork and proceeded to wait for over an hour .
they finally pulled me back and forced me to answer questions about depression !
i left the room too and told them i was done with the appointment .
they just want to push antidepressants on everyone that comes in .
doctors like this should be ashamed of themselves .
i 've never had a cavity before , so 4 was quite the shock .
i declined filling and 6 months later went to a `` real '' dentist .
this dentist confirmed i did n't have a single cavity .
how the dc dental dentist could find 4 is beyond me .
you can find a better dentist , keep looking .
expect a 2-3 week turn around time on glasses .
they will not accept returns even if you deny the merchandise as unacceptable .
the staff and the whole system there is complete trash .
then i needed an extraction and they lost my referral and files .
how do you lose my files .
then today was the last straw .
i made an appointment for last week and they made me reschedule for today .
they did n't even call me to let me know or anything .
this place is complete trash .
to re-do my lashes .
at time of appt .
i was still charged a $ 40 difference for the volume set .
i did n't want to hassle and just happily paid the difference .
only hoping that this time around it would be done correctly .
david , kayu and staff are all very nice wonderful people .
so i 'm pretty much back at the same spot .
with the same problems as stated above only with longer lashes this time around .
in january , i went in for my annual appointment .
i asked for a couple of blood tests , a request that was accommodated .
apparently they expect their patients to have esp !
the exact same thing happened for the second appointment .
i called billing , got voice mail , and left a detailed message .
so , call the insurance company i did .
i received the bill from twhs in august .
i 'll be heading to another gyno to get better care .
the only reason i visit here is because my insurance forces me to .
some partnership bcbs has with cvs .
no benefit to the patrons in this area .
honestly , their service is n't much better .
the individuals up front are actually fairly pleasant .
i visit often enough to notice several changes in personnel .
i have to call my prescription in and speak to a tech or pharmacist .
to do that , i 'm often on hold more than 10 min .
the hold music is n't even interesting enough to bop along to .
just wish there was a way around using either cvs in my area .
both are poorly managed and just need an upgrade in all aspects .
make sure you get a second opinion .
tanya their dental assistant is great though .
i do n't even know where to start with this horrible unethical doctor .
i brought my son here because he was having seasonal allergies .
all of this they were able to decide without the help of the doctor .
my son has seasonal allergies not a rare disease only found in foreign counties .
how anyone gives this hell hole a good review is astonishing .
i stayed for 2 weeks and left .
the treatment is really bad ! !
they basically just the place is disorganized and just in total disarray !
nobody knows what is going on at this place , no one !
if you need anything , good luck !
very disappointed in the non-urgent care that this dr. did not provide to anyone .
btw ... this place was not busy at all .
true fail on behalf of this urgent care facility .
dr is great and very knowledgeable .
staff on the other hand is ridiculous ! ! !
when u get there that 's when they actually get shit ready .
`` hello , dr. linder 's office . ''
me : `` hello , i 'd like to schedule an appointment with dr .
have you ever seen dr. linder before ? ''
me : `` no , i have n't . ''
`` okay , what were you hoping to schedule an appointment for ? ''
dr. linder is not accepting any new patients at this time . ''
me : `` okay , so ...
however , the office staff is rude & not helpful .
even as checking in and they need to talk to me .
it was covered all along .
why would the do it this way ?
bigger profit always drives business practices .
just another reason we need single payer in usa .
i gave up after two weeks .
some shady billing/insurance issues going on .
this business has incompetent people working for them .
i canceled my yearly membership .
they charged my card 2 additional times .
i was told it was n't done .
they need to hire a manager who works regular hours or more competent people .
stay away and go somewhere else , it 's just not worth the effort .
if you love your child do n't take him or her here .
i received a letter from the state saying 4 shots behind .
i go in at 1pm for appointment and left at 2:30 without being seen .
doctor was not even in the building .
he was at lunch .
why the @ & $ ?
i got a call from them two weeks later stating my payment was late .
i advised them i cancelled and the girl said she would look into it .
i got a call two weeks later from them stating my payment was late .
i again advised them i cancelled .
they said they would look into it .
this place is a total scam .
stay away from this place at all costs .
and by the way , my massage from helga the destroyer was terrible .
the staff shelving and on the floor are helpful and nice .
the selection of organic and natural foods is good .
the store has been very clean each time i went in .
the staff in the deli/bakery are awful .
more than once i have given up and walked away .
no reason to put up with being ignored .
got there 130 ca n't find did you call ?
no they called me .
have a seat i 'll find out .
about half hour she said in lab just a few minutes .
overall about an hour .
off to vet she called we did not order twice .
so far , the longest i have had to wait is about 1 hour .
normally we have to wait about 15-20 minutes .
the assistants r just okay .
worst customer service and most unprofessional `` urgent '' care i have ever experienced .
find quality care elsewhere .
trust me , i only leave bad reviews when it 's due .
i responded to the facebook ad that advertised a free 6 week camp .
went to the informational session , where 5 different people gave testimonials .
i do n't see the appeal in being penalized for life happening .
the camp is n't my cup of tea but kudos to those who do .
i would chose to actually give this place no stars .
my first visit to the office was awesome .
i believe that i know my phone number and email address .
i got a `` ok '' .
worst place to get your contacts using your insurance .
customer service is so poor here .
i would never recommend this place .
waste of time , money and energy .
i can not give my story , as it is way too long .
please listen to me .
never bring them here .
you get what you need .
the staff is not helpful locating anything .
in fact the staff was just downright rude .
i got what i needed and left .
hopefully i do n't ever need to go back there .
beware of security camera in `` private '' massage rooms ; what privacy !
posted prices are also ambiguous .
not worth what was spent and certainty not going back .
they were all busy and was referred to this zen location .
wife had a $ 30 combination foot and body for an hour .
they may as well hope their business can survive in this culture .
for me , what is a few extra dollars ?
on the package it says give up to 5 days to receive a refill .
when i called they admitted the mistake but forgot to send the needed medication .
i cant get that to happen no matter how many times i ask .
i always have to call a second time and request it separately .
sometimes i receive a large dog toy which is worthless to my cats anyway !
chose this location as it was covered by my insurance .
had appt on 1/23/18 .
my appt was at 4pm and got there @ 3:30pm to fill out paperwork .
why is this necessary ?
sounded shady so i refused to sign it nor did i give my social .
this place caters to mexicans .
i will never ever return to this facility .
and did absolutely nothing to help me with the pain i was experiencing .
will not be going back there
i was not impressed with the facial i received here .
i found priti to be unprofessional .
i was really disappointed because she came so highly recommended .
sadly , i ca n't recommend her services .
wonderful doctors and fancy offices do n't make up for their rude admin staff .
not losing sleep over losing this place .
here 's a head 's up of what went on in nutshell .
i initially decided against that .
i was told that it would be possible for at lease 4-6 weeks !
why was n't i told this when i specifically asked during my consultation ?
this left me speechless !
why wait till my last procedure to tell me this ?
7. out of the four procedures , there was partial success .
that was a result of an `` oops .
he and dr smith were speaking about something unrelated to what smith was doing .
his focus was pulled and i got burned .
i was injured by accident and did my best to be understanding .
i left this office livid .
her response was that it was her job .
i responded ... not in this case it was n't .
the front staff needs some training and dr. mccord was less than helpful .
only the nurse does ears .
wrong ! ! ! !
he had a two hour wait to be seen ! ! ! ! !
our time is as valuable as yours , dr .
i wo n't recommend them again .
disrespectful and blatantly dreadful organization .
i 'd give zero stars if i could .
imho , i tipped much better than what was deserved .
not going to be a return customer .
apria uses a 3rd party billing company called care centrix .
we laid out hundreds of dollars for a device that was prescribed in error .
it 's like talking to a brick wall .
their `` online '' patient portal of little help either .
time to get a clue on customer service !
next time ... .mayo !
service was fast and good .
however , not very pleased that banner could not bill insurance correctly .
i have definitely experienced better .
i 've had 2 surgeries with the clinic .
they mess up the schedule and do n't tell you .
they leave the stitches in too long then have to go dig them out .
i 'll not go back .
eventually needed a root canal .
on the way home , i pulled over 3 times to throw up blood/bleach .
i had a bloody nose from all of this too .
this was the worst experience ever .
our company provided colmedlabs with their fleet vehicle washing ( detailing services ) .
i called sam 5 times and left voice messages .
guess what `` no call back '' now being 6 months later .
total charge was $ 80 each visits , and total charger being $ 320 .
horrific patient financial services .
carla and her sidekick badgered my husband prior to his surgery .
like he did n't have enough to worry about .
after surgery his dr called to let me know he was fine .
i asked when he would be discharged and was told an hour .
give me a friggin break .
at a time when we needed to be together .
we heard one patient asked if he could die and was told yes .
imagine hearing that right before your procedure .
using his full name no less .
i 'd be fired in a heartbeat if i ever did that .
thank god this was a minor surgery .
definitely not happy with customer service experience from financial services and the postoperative stay .
find somewhere else who have more loving doctors care for your precious children .
these doctors are n't the most knowledgeable nor the most compassionate .
i started looking into electrolysis a little over a year ago .
this encounter stood out !
for my first appointment i scheduled a 15min procedure .
i did n't mind initially because this procedure is quit painful .
this is a costly procedure and every minute counts literally !
this place is horrible .
my company switched insurance & my current obgy was n't accepting aetna .
fast forward a month or so later when my bills start piling in .
why am i getting these bills ? ?
so basically , im sol .
bad service , liars & cheats .
highly discourage this facility ! !
try another pharmacy that wants your business .
there were no customers in the entire store at 7:30 am .
i 'm going to keep my prescriptions where they are after all .
too bad , this pharmacy is in a much more convenient location for me .
the staff was friendly .
it was disgusting ! !
i recommend going to another building if you need to go .
any massage is a good massage , right ?
actually i wish i had skipped this one .
my friend did n't mind hers , though .
seemed good at first they rushed us into a semi private room .
there was no reflexology done .
why make an appointment .
i can only imagine what it 's like when they are behind .
what a joke of an office .
i scheduled my appt 1 week prior .
the front desk woman was rude and nonchalant about it all .
this is a huge inconvenience and highly unacceptable .
patients need to be seen and given advance notice of changes .
at least offer another doctor to accommodate .
i will not be a new patient here .
super sketchy part of town .
they hang outside smoking which blows back into the shop .
it was the worst day of my life .
we paid cash copay everytime we was here .
i came to ask the receptionist the reason why we waited too long .
holly did promised she taking care .
i also will report this matter the nevada business bureau soon when i can .
i arrived at 10:13 ... 3 minutes past their 10 minute rule .
when you walk through our doors , we 're glad to see you .
when you call , we do n't keep you on hold .
when you leave a message , we call you right back .
no manners as soon as i walked in .
the nurse who assisted dr. schlotterer was rude and seemed to have an attitude .
will not be returning back .
i attempted to call again to no avail .
this is definitely the last interaction with oasis and dr. bellota .
uhh you just saw him and knew he had n't been seen .
i even gave them 3 chances to get it right , it never happened .
i will be going to a different doctor from now on .
i hope dr pragit will move to another clinic .
the name should be `` my doctor no ''
nevermind on the previous post .
it 's not hard to prove you have stage 4 bone cancer .
he basically just treated me like a drug addict .
ignored all the paperwork which is valid .
i even asked him to call the ny doctors and he refused .
it 's very simple .
call the centre ask if i 'm a patient .
i want to go to the hospital .
pay 1000 for a scan just to throw it in his face .
how can you hold a medical license when you refuse to help people .
especially a dying person .
the front office supervisor is incredibly rude .
thankfully that guy saved my tooth .
then i was sent a bill for the work that he messed up .
i have developed a fear of dentists since seeing this guy .
the facility is very mismanaged .
you walk around asking where to go .
the administration is rude and dismissive .
it seems clear they want your money and nothing else .
their website touts lots of amenities that they do n't have .
they do n't care about you or your sobriety .
it was a nightmare .
i left after 4 days and got into a good facility in pasadena .
the doctors and staff at this place clearly have none .
reception staff was exceptionally rude and the overall experience was entirely unpleasant .
like all other massage envys , the therapists are a mixed bag .
many newbies so there 's a high amount of turnover .
i 've seen a couple good ones that i hope will stay awhile .
this location is particularly bad compared to my `` home '' dobson location .
the staff was accommodating and i did n't wait long to start my massage .
she was excellent , the massage was so relaxing .
if you want a massage go see milena !
i would n't go back , the groupon was definitely a good deal though !
ob patients please avoid dr deka .
i was coldly misdiagnosed with a miscarriage after my first apt with her .
she performed the ultrasound herself .
within 2 minutes she coldly concluded that i had lost my precious baby .
she ordered hcg l levels `` to confirm '' .
i spent 3 days in a deep depression thinking i had a miscarriage .
i am currently 17 weeks pregnant with a baby girl !
my baby would be dead if i took her `` expert '' medical advice !
going to this hospital had to be the worst experience i have ever had .
the vet recommended a 3 day stay to monitor her and printed the estimate .
it was $ 5000 .
my son and i were in tears .
this included giving her antibiotics .
my pet is doing fantastic .
the brush run vet , dr foil , is very caring , straightforward .
brush run really cares about your pet .
the vet hospital is just trying to get your money !
i went here for their new customer cleaning discount .
i made the appointment last week .
i showed up 15 minutes before my 2:00 o'clock appointment as requested .
i have never seen such colossal unprofessionalism .
judging by the other reviews here , i clearly dodged a bullet .
worst decision i ever made was get a membership to massage envy .
save your money and do n't waste your time .
i took my daughter to dr. rowe she was a provider under my insurance .
we started with 4 fillings and paid over 500 for them .
ridiculous treatment , waste of my time and money .
i felt as though they took my cold as a joke .
beware of this place , no bedside manner !
you really ca n't expect much from sql i have come to realize .
i went in to have some blood work done for my one year old .
um ok. the process was like a scene from a scary movie .
horrible experience with dr. meger .
he botched my rhinoplasty ( took off way too much from the bridge ) .
he would n't even do the right thing !
maybe he just needs to stick with breasts !
do n't let him touch your face ! ! !
the worst service i have ever experienced in my life !
never able to book an appointment when you call or email .
and if you want a refund because you are not getting any service ?
they messed up my appointment .
their behaivor leads me to believe this is a frequent occurance .
worst place for stat orders .
came in with ultrasound stat from my dr. for inguinal dvt .
then told to walk next door to valley radiologists .
even they were shocked at dvrs lack of response and care .
this has to be the worst hospital around .
the staff is below par .
overall i give it 1 out of 10 goiters .
she cracked my tooth while doing a simple filling .
geez i wonder how it got there .
perhaps it was the metal clamp you put on my tooth !
if i had not signed a waiver i would sue her .
i had perfect teeth ... had .
it turns out the one good therapist is nearly impossible to book .
the others i saw were mediocre at best .
recently , a service issue developed that i tried to resolve .
there are plenty of other great therapists in the area .
do n't waste your money or time here .
staff is horrible they 're customer service was pathetic .
this was removed originally from the pearson eyegroup .
the doctors were excellent .
the used car salesman tactics at lenscrafters should be illegal !
my original post follows .
the eye doctor was excellent , efficient and knowledgeable .
the glasses selection process is a scam .
i picked out some frames and was quoted a price of $ 550 !
after insurance it was $ 510 !
that right there is a $ 90 discount .
i wo n't even go into the rest .
the glasses should have been around $ 300 tops .
i do n't know .
beware and stay away .
this office is very disappointing .
the doctors are nice enough but the front desk staff is cold and incompetent .
the assistants are rude and inefficient .
they do n't know how to bill or schedule appointments correctly .
the office is nicely decorated but the equipment is outdated .
with tony , i felt that i was an inconvenience and wasting his time .
i honestly felt worse about my self after seeing him .
this is a failure at all levels , not only with tony .
i was on time and filled out same paper work i did two earlier .
sat in waiting for 45 min with no one saying anything .
the worst experience i have ever had at a dr 's office !
the pharmacy is 24 hours and generally always busy .
normally i 'm sure this place is great but today was horrible .
who wants to hear your vomiting and rabble while i 'm getting a massage .
bottom line if you want a quality massage this is n't the place .
i checked into the e.r .
the wait room was disgusting .
their assistant wendy and marilyn however seemed to always be confused and forgetful .
their guest came in @ 10 am and left 10pm .
admitting nurses great everything else was ok @ best i 'd go somehere else
i have had 3 appointments here .
i 'd like to give it no stars .
the front desk is very unprofessional .
the wait times are excessive .
i was there for an annual pap smear today .
already it 's an embarrassing and vulnerable situation .
the doc asks all the same questions she asked in the other appointments .
she asks about birth control .
i do n't need a sex ed lesson !
i have n't taken hormones for 10 years !
this is why i 'm seeing this doc .
this is why my appointments have been so close together !
so let me set the scene !
i stopped her , i said excuse me ?
she says `` what ?
just do n't get pregnant . ''
that 's very rude of you to assume .
she even tried to turn it around `` you should leave !
fully nude argument with a doc holding the door open !
but i would like to save others from having this kind of experience .
does n't even deserve one star !
if you can get an appointment elsewhere , do it .
one guy got in ahead of us for an mri .
he was in the back for 55 minutes for an mri .
2 people literally took almost 90 minutes .
others were sitting around .
she said `` good luck - i 'm leaving . ''
several other people showed up after that , and immediately left .
there were several older people , a couple of women with children .
and a couple of men ... all left .
from now on , any mris or x-rays will be done at the hospital .
this was useless and annoying.. very poor scheduling .
i even said no to a pap this year just in case !
i do not recommend this place at all !
when we entered , we were greeted by this younger lady who spoke english .
( on the flier it says 10 min head..etc ) .
we situated ourselves and they brought out the hot water .
way over priced and the proceudre was painfull adn showed no results .
do not go to her .
save your time and money !
do n't ever go here .
i went to this location for a time sensitive lab test .
saw multiple patients show up and have issues with their appointments scheduled .
and definitely do n't need medication .
use at your own risk .
not sure why they even schedule `` appointments '' they 're more like suggestions .
i had a 5 hours tattoo and it was a painful rib tattoo .
what kind of customer relation/ service is this ?
then he suggested i buy a h2o care kit .
i denied since this was not my only tattoo .
what ? ? ? ? ?
it took 20 minutes for a front desk staff to even check me in .
after that i waiting for another 30 minutes .
once i got in i had a nurse practitioner see me .
i was prescribed my birth control and was done .
waited 50 minutes for a 5 minute appointment .
but 2 months later same thing happened .
they said my insurance does n't pay for the services i requested .
my parents were livid !
my friend and i wanted to try this place since we had a groupon .
we decided to stop by after our pilates class .
i have been here once and i honestly will never go here again .
i will find a new doctor .
or even have the receptionist call me and let me know ?
this is so beyond ridiculous and i would never recommend this practice to anybody .
i had a groupon so i came here with my sister .
the drinks ( plural ) nope .
apparently they were serving fruit with a burger today .
hmmm one strawberry nd pickle literally half the size of my pinky .
are u kidding me .
i would give it no stars if i had an option .
never again will i come to this place .
i would recommend against it in every way .
the food ( cajun burger ) had no flavor to it at all .
i see doctors almost weekly and this has never been an issue .
i called my insurance company and they said everything was fine .
the front desk lady finally had to let me go back .
i get to the back and i wo n't get weighed .
due to this they now refuse to see me .
you have been warned !
update- vanessa is the front desk person .
she was so extremely rude .
i ended up leaving and asked for my filled out paperwork back .
i told her i did not trust her .
she said she did not trust herself either .
the massage was not relaxing because it was barely a massage .
definitely a place to avoid .
do not take time off work to come to this waste of an outlet .
my dad and sam are probably not even friends anymore over this .
in my book that is racism , not that i care .
please dr webber learn bedside manner !
today i had to come back for a missed test .
i protested and said that i was right on time .
this ai n't no micky-ficky airport ! ! !
your office does n't and did n't .
basically- their inner-office snafus wasted my morning .
i was still trying to make sense of what 's going on .
c'mon , get it together folks ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i should n't have had to come back to be tested today .
the wait at this place is ridiculous .
this is getting ridiculous .
they are extremely slow .
i will never go to any simon med imaging again .
these folks are notorious overbillers , and everyone should be very wary .
i hit my family deductible early this year after a couple of surgeries .
i get home , and look up my claims with my insurance provider .
my portion is zero ?
so i call my insurance provider and ask them for their thoughts .
`` you should n't have paid anything .
we 'll call simon med and request a refund . ''
well folks , guess what ?
ask your insurer for help .
i 'll never go there again .
if this happens to you , do n't blame me .
you have been warned .
this place is a joke .
none of them bother using gloves or washing there hands .
stay as far away as you can from this place !
the doctor did n't even spend 2 minutes in the room with me .
place is awful ! ! !
i urge you to stay away ! !
also good luck understanding them .
it 's very difficult if you are older .
it 's become like a meat factory herding people through .
it 's really gone downhill ! !
i have visited this spa from time to time when in vegas .
this time the masseuse was 50 min late .
i was booked for a massage , wrap and a facial .
i left feeling disgusted and ripped off .
made an appointment at the dysart location .
( i know exactly which location i called .
he would not listen to me at all ) .
i knew this was going to be awkward and weird again .
a lady comes out , also does n't speak english barely .
she starts asking me if i received a call from them .
no i did not receive a call from them .
she keeps arguing with me .
i told her nevermind , i 'm not interested .
she followed me out , chased me to my car .
wtf ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
the emergency room referred me to the core institute with a possible fracture .
when i asked if i had it correct , he seemed very aggravated .
that was about the greatest ounce of courtesy i received .
really i felt totally blown off and like my pain was n't real .
i was in the exam room for maybe 2 minutes .
the doctor glanced at my elbow x-ray and told me to start physical therapy .
at least with this visit i felt like i got somewhere : physical therapy .
right where the emergency room said it was !
i feel like i have totally wasted my time and money at the core .
and this is 3 months later !
never would i recommend going to the core !
they will rape you and your insurance company .
i went in for a broken nose and came out $ 10,000 in debt !
i spoke to a human for a total of less than 5 minutes .
i was left in a room for 4.5 hours .
i would rather die than ever set foot in the hospital .
terrible business practice to turn away customers before posted hours of business .
will be using amazon online ordering from now on .
the girls at the front desk are really nice .
they do not have moderately priced glasses .
i have n't seen a frame under $ 200 .
then add lenses and everything , you 're lucky to spend under $ 500.00 .
frames are limited as well .
i am extremely dissatisfied with this with this clinic .
on another visit , i was told that my results would take two weeks .
in the meantime , my symptoms are worsening which has resulted in terrible discomfort .
i am desperately seeking a new ob .
got a groupon deal for their laser treatments .
not happy at all .
i can not believe the glowing reviews this place has .
i had the worst experience with my first prenatal visit .
this is my second pregnancy so i know what good prenatal care is .
the only person that seemed competent here was the ultrasound tech from valley perinatal .
she was friendly and reviewed everything with the baby .
we were very pleased .
the place does n't have enough rooms ?
her responses just showed that she was inexperienced and not knowledgeable .
she fell short of answering my questions .
she never reviewed the ultrasound or determined my due date .
my husband even agreed that she did n't seem very competent .
how is she in this profession ?
she also had no personality .
she did not make any efficient use of the appointment time .
but , she asked if i had done blood work .
i was sitting around waiting for her that i had n't .
this is where everything went downhill .
the lady that did my blood draw was horrible !
my whole arm went numb !
she must of hit nerve twice !
i felt like i was going to pass out !
i have never experienced such a bad blood draw .
no problems at all with my first pregnancy .
this lady did n't know what she was doing .
my arm was sore and tingling for at least 5 days after .
i changed offices the same day .
there is definitely better care out there .
they use a yahoo.com email address for communication .
i just wanted to confirm that they transferred my medical records .
the girl answered and then hung up on me .
finally , someone else answered and took care of me .
what is wrong with this place ?
we thoroughly searched for a doctor while expecting our first child .
we interviewed with dr. garcia and she was great .
took her time , answered all of our questions and was down to earth .
i hated the wait , but she seemed worth it .
baby was only 3 months old ! !
i should have switched doctors then .
rude , rude , rude & rude .
i personally like eric wolson very much .
i have reported her to his upper staff for the past 4 1/2 years .
i am done trying to get past this imbecile to get proper medical attention .
i hope that you read your reviews and take action .
it was very quiet & foot soak/massage felt nice .
then escorted to massage table room & seemed to go well .
dr appts , rx & sleepless nights w/ itching .
please clean your upholstered couch/beds & linens ! ! !
no wonder it 's dark & they try covering our faces .
this turned out stressful , painful & humiliating .
needless to say , we left pretty upset .
i came by again on wednesday at 11:45 to find the place closed .
the sign says closed on mondays .
there were employees inside ignoring us .
how do you think you got through nursing school if you had adhd ? ``
as if those with adhd are too ill to be successful in nursing school .
he was profoundly belittling and condescending .
physician heal thyself ... .a tad bit cluster b perhaps ?
is n't that what yelp is for ?
be wise when choosing a dentist !
another example of why we have happily switched dentists .
this is not towards any of the doctors or anesthesiologist i have dealt with .
only the nurses afterwards .
i finally gave up without speaking to a human .
i wo n't be returning .
nurse who had me was throwing the f-bomb everywhere and the s word .
took them two hours to get me in .
fyi we were in the walk-in office .
waited two hours to get into the actual exam room .
doctor did n't show up for another 15 minutes .
so unprofessional and disorganized .
definitely would not recommend to anyone at all .
not recommended , unless you like waiting and poor quality treatment .
2 stars might be generous .
three phone calls and two emails have all gone un-returned .
this company is shady in their billing practices and ethics .
currently researching if there is any legal recourse i can take against these people !
they charged the maximum obviously .
i am wondering what kind of things they can follow up .
i even told them that i only used contacts couple times per month .
if you want to go that place for convenience , be careful .
they may just charge you without telling you .
anyhoo , i really wanted to try to start donating again .
i called to make a first time donor appointment .
apparently they do n't take appointments ... .it 's first come first serve .
no problem i guess .
got there at 0645 , thinking i would be one of the first ones .
boy was i wrong .
the waiting room was already more than half full .
twenty five minutes later they called me .
i was told i signed the wrong sign in sheet .
i had to resign on the `` new donor '' sheet instead .
for another 40 minutes .
apparently i got moved back to the bottom of the entire list .
so i just left .
so there he was again .
seems like a pretty unorganized system .
horrible place from scheduling , to billing , to customer service .
scheduled ortho appt only to find out the orthodontist did not come in .
not good business at all .
i have used wellish for 8 years .
i have never heard back ! ! !
cvs pharmacist called and no return call but i 'm in serious pain .
i called the office and was hung up on twice .
my first appointment i arrived at 1:15pm and i was not seen until 5:00pm .
sorry , i had to write this review but this is not good healthcare !
and no other doctor here .
waiting room full of people .
not sure this is how this is supposed to work .
i can , however , speak for my experiences with their laser treatments .
in a word , horrible .
everyone there seemed to care less about my pain .
they appear to be across the street from one another .
my appointment here had to be the worst i have ever had for anything .
they 're incompetent and make fun of the dying patients in the icu !
unless you have a death wish , stay far away ! ! !
it was a lie .
i figured it out before i went to see them .
this office appear to be so techy with their tablets and stuff .
overall , not impressed .
if only a minus score could be given .
dr gross was highly recommended to us .
when i read the other reports , i wonder how can this continue ?
value your eyesight , do not go to this person .
i brought my 11 month old here for some labs .
i was expecting a couple pricks on his fingers or feet .
instead they put a needle in his arm .
maybe that 's the way it needed to be done .
then instead of putting a wrap on his arm she put the tape .
which is the hardest to get off .
the lakewood location is by all definition slower , dirtier , and less organized .
and what about those check out lines ?
slow is n't even the word at those registers .
i kill them with kindness to hide my frustrations .
i also ask if i can bag .
it 's just quicker .
the closeout aisles however are always loaded with random cheapy deals .
it 's hard to pass them up .
i wish they had negative stars .
had spine surgery by a neurosurgeon 6 days later .
i told them i was fine with that .
it is now 1:28 pm and still no doctor .
all this for a simple procedure which will take no more than 5 minutes .
never coming here again !
have been using veyo for a while , rotten service .
lately when i telephone they are having problems .
not reliable , sometimes have to wait close to an hour to get picked up
i 'm sorry this is a bit long but hear me out .
here goes : i moved to arizona from hawaii 8/2014 .
i sought out dr. kale in the gilbert/mesa office .
thank goodness for my nurse ... she was a sweetheart and a half .
well , other than that , my delivery was quick and perfect .
with her being in the hospital , i had to rent a breastpump .
i rented the breastpump for 2 months .
my baby came home and she took to breastfeeding with no problems .
i had no problems with that .
i contacted goodman & partridge and spoke with a nurse explaining my situation .
obviously those dates would show i no longer need the breastpump .
so i coughed it up as a loss .
it was n't worth my time anymore for a mere $ 70 .
i 'm so over them .
just had to write this review for all to see .
thanks for looking ... find a small practice where they care about their patients .
they barely restocked their supplies .
the pa was trent blake .
his demeanor was sort of friendly , but his execution was lacking .
he had no concern for anything that might cause me pain .
stay away from this place .
all for what amounted to a 2 minute visit !
i 'm getting a new doctor .
rude ... i 'd rather be told we 're closed ... .
3 people in lobby .
they do n't take appointments for x-rays .
here with a child , this will not go well .
receptionist called neighboring simonmed .
40 minute wait , why do n't you go there .
forget that , 10 minute drive almost same time .
why is place understaffed ?
why do they want to get rid of patients ?
would not recommend to anyone .
i would never recommend anyone go to this doctors office .
takes weeks for people to call you back .
the run around you do and the wait time !
no one values a patients time !
i sure as hell am !
this place has been closed permanently and their phone number is out of service .
although this website is still up and running - it 's a farce !
the place has shut down with no forwarding address !
ca n't stand places that do n't answer their phones .
i call at 5:40 and the answering machine says i called after business hours .
they close at 6 ...
they offer empty apologies , without any change to their program .
what happened to `` glasses in about an hour ? ''
officially convinced , lenscrafters is sham .
find another low cost solution for tattoo removal .
do not be fooled .
after treatment 6 is has barely faded .
this place is a rip off .
they should be ashamed of themselves !
he was never given a smock to change into .
this entire facility should face legal action and be shut down .
i had my 10 week pregnancy check-up .
it bothers me a lot .
she did n't give me any estimates citing different insurances billing differently .
nobody mentioned the costs , even dr. swarup .
ca n't you have a little more compassion ? !
i just lost my pregnancy , you piece of crap !
nurses were moody and could n't explain which cups to use to urine samples .
when i called nurses and front desk , they were acting all arrogant .
what about me , the patient , and my availability ?
you know , i have a life with responsibilities too .
on-call nurses do n't know anything , googling stuff is more accurate .
she did not even cut some dry skin between the corner ! !
hate this place ! ! !
i wish i could rate them 0 star ! ! ! ! !
that is so rude ! !
i have to ask her 3x to do it !
never had bad experience like this from a nail salon !
i already told my family friends stay away from this nail salon ! ! !
your review that stated that we will fix the problem , fix what ? ?
i just want to let the customer know to stay away from this salon !
i saw dr. khiani for over a year and his treatment worked great .
i had the most allergy free summer in my whole life .
he advised that they do n't have a method to do so .
i came here in physical pain and i could barely tolerate it .
worst case of empathy .
there was never a smile in this woman 's voice the entire time .
i almost felt like i was bothering her !
she quoted $ 55 for an hour of massage or facial .
not a good first impression folks .
when we decide on a spa day , we will be looking elsewhere .
i felt so talked down to for needing an antibiotic .
i sadly will be looking for a new doctor 's office .
i work walking distance from this office .
the location is pinned incorrectly on maps .
i got there at exactly 2:30 and was told my appointment was cancelled .
no emails , texts or calls i received mentioned getting there early .
she had no empathy and did nothing to make it right .
what a terrible experience .
how does this place stay in business ?
because there are people like me who fall victim to their sales pitches .
people like me who are in pain and will try anything .
it seems too good to be true , because it is !
for about $ 300 , i got a pair of little plastic pieces .
they will try to sell you three for close to $ 1000 .
what a fool i am !
i should have left then .
learn from my $ 300 mistake .
do not go to good feet !
she retorted , `` your teeth are all going to fall out '' .
did n't you hear me the first time i explained it ? ''
i still have no idea if she 's licensed or properly trained .
if you provide any intelligent/questioning thought , you might be ridiculed and/or berated .
is there a rating less than one ?
worst dentistry ever ! !
is that a joke ? ?
really.. receptionist is unprofessional and rude .
how long will it take the doctor to approve and release my xrays ?
dont ever visit this place again !
this place has given me so many problems !
i waited again and they finally arrived at my house .
i finally made an appointment for today .
i told him that i could n't afford it .
i wo n't use avi again !
they have too many problems with the competency of their staff .
i have been holding off writing this review for months .
they performed a skin prick test which came back negative .
they diagnosed me with idiopathic anaphylaxis .
they officially diagnosed me with a dairy allergy .
i was switched from dulera to qvar .
20 minutes later i was having a serious allergic reaction .
i was given a `` dexamethasone sodium phosphate 10mg/ml injection '' to my ass .
i was told to never take that breo again .
i called tottori 's office and alerted them to my reaction .
they prescribed me spiriva respimat as a last ditch effort .
over the next few days my symptoms were getting worse .
after a day or two my asthma symptoms were starting to diminish .
i was able to go over a week without using my ventolin .
i was taking 200/5 dulera , they submitted 100/5 dulera .
i now have to call and get this fixed .
my only question for tottori is `` where is the accountability ? ''
office personnel never pick up the phone .
you need to reach .
very frustrating when it 's important to get in touch with someone .
i do not mind seeing pas imho .
perhaps if i firmly asked three times i will get what i asked for .
this is apparently a suggestion in my opinion .
i think this is unacceptable for a medical facility .
overall , very disappointed and will not be returning .
had an okay experience here , and would not consider going back .
the whole appointment felt rushed .
the hygienist was not gentle .
lenscrafters should not cost more for a visit to their store .
will not be using them next time .
i didnt even want to give 1 star !
i will no longer take prescriptions there .
i even took the time to contact there corporate headquarters in illinois !
i have 0 confidence in them .
i have been with this office for 13 years .
i have never liked the office staff .
i scheduled an appointment doe today .
i took my child in for a routine physical .
i am expected to believe they all can be seen at 130 ?
i am tired of this office and will not be returning .
billing coordinator is never available , and claims are incorrectly processed to insurances .
all in all the office staff needs to be reevaluated or cut .
i bought a groupon for 6 laser hair removal sessions on my lower legs .
receptionist and space is nice .
my first session i went home with a burnt mark near my ankle .
the machine is painful and i 'm barely seeing results .
especially the pharmacy department , where they only hire rude , incompetent people .
we went to refill a prescription that had previously been filled at another cvs .
when we asked her to recheck , explaining our situation , she refused .
that request was also denied .
`` they are unavailable . ''
we will never return !
i was transferred to his voicemail .
who am i to hold responsible , walgreens or healing hearts ?
yours truly , a dissatisfied arizona parent .
will never go back .
in addition , when i was initially diagnosed they scheduled a followup apt .
i am extremely disappointed in choosing happy dental .
here for the first time with my dad for his apmt .
can u say hipa violation ?
they do n't take patients based on their apmt times .
several people with times after our apmt were taken in ahead if us .
why even have apmt then ?
the nurse who took my dad back was very rude .
she looks at me and says you ca n't come .
no reasons no explanations just a no .
even another patient mentioned that it was rude !
i would never ever recommend this lab to anyone .
look for another option .
this is the last time i get my prescriptions here .
i would recommend not coming to this cvs ! ! !
if i could give zero stars i would .
tough approach , yes , uncaring , you betcha .
this woman was imbalanced , i reported her .
it was a nightmare .
then the word part ... les than 5 minutes with the doctor !
i got some new glasses here this past fall .
that appointment itself went well and i really liked dr. sorensen .
things happen ... .no big deal .
sadly the glasses have never fit quite right .
they fit nothing like the sample pair they have there .
that is true , if you can get them to wait on you .
the customer service for adjustments is terrible .
it more often than not i just give up and leave rather than wait .
i want to give my business to someone who wants my business .
this place is terrible and deserving of its low rating .
however , i 'll now suffer with ungroomed eyebrows before i go back .
you usually end up with a nice shape .
she was the last one i saw .
however , my last service is n't the only thing that turned me off .
and when i say push , they push !
i do n't care if you have the ultimate hair removal machine .
i do n't trust you !
fix the fundamental issues first , and then get into promoting services like that .
half the time this meant i would n't tip .
fat reduction , wrinkle removal , etc .
go in and see for yourself .
- they 're definitely pricey , but do n't provide value .
but that also means that customers expect a higher level of service .
anyway , i think i 've said enough now .
my advice is to stay away from this place if you can .
do n't do it moms , do n't schedule an appt here .
this place has a ten dollar canceled appt fee , i get it .
they are covering their own to stop ppl from flaking .
every policy needs wiggle room .
they lost our business completely .
i have to agree with these reviews good and bad !
her staff who answers the phones really should be counseled or fired .
she is short and just does n't leave you feeling warm and fuzzy .
getting my b12 shot is fast and efficient !
i am in and out in 2 minutes !
i called and cancelled , was informed of the 25 dollar cancellation fee .
maybe when hubby gets home i can get a ride from him .
case by case and be strict for abusers .
wish me luck and i will keep you posted !
the secnond opinion took full x-rays and cleaned my teeth .
it felt like you were in an emergency room of a hospital .
not a good atmosphere for a quiet couples massage .
then the massage started and that 's when it got interesting .
due to the sinus massage i have had difficulty breathing from my nose since .
then she left for about 2-3 minutes .
comes back and gives a half assed shoulder/arm/leg massage then leaves for 5 minutes .
she stands up on my back .
this goes on for 5 minutes or so then she leaves .
at this point i 'm just ready to be done .
i came here for a sleep study .
the lady that took me to the back was not very personal either .
i assumed she had a bad day and left it at that .
i got taken back and setup along as other people .
one of the other clients played his tv super loud .
i could not sleep till like 1 am .
i did not sleep at all really after that because mask was so weird .
bed was like soft prison bed .
sheets were even less desirable along with pillow .
ive been to 10 sleep clinics since high school and this was the worst .
the er sucks majorly !
thanks for the tylenol , jerk .
oh , the piano music and guitar in the lobby was nice and cheerful !
was not impressed with integrative .
love my regular vet but they do n't do acupuncure .
i called and made an appointment for an office visit .
just wanted him to check my dog and tell me their protocol .
vet techs do teeth cleaning .
also not something i was thrilled with .
i have always worked with doctors who did this themselves .
since he specializes in chiropractic , it seemed that 's what he talked about .
staff was pleasant but the wait was unreal .
i have an appt th but do n't know if will continue there .
we came about 9pm right after my surgery .
anyway we went through the drive through .
had a bad attitude from the get .
she told me ( even more rudely ) '' move along now ! ''
and she shoo-ed me away with her spastic hand motions ... how rude !
hello people do n't usually end up in the pharmacy at their best right ?
`` hahha oh ok miss ( ssss ) , guess what ?
now i do n't feel comfortable filling this . ''
`` i do n't like you so that is my right . ''
you do n't like me ?
`` too bad here is a cvs down the street . ''
she said , and she waddled away .
that is when i flipped .
`` please do n't complain . ''
she said , '' i 'll give you a gift card ! ''
`` i 'll fill your prescription . ''
`` sorry it 's just store policy . ''
whatever she rectified it .
still , it that was my grandma she was treating like that ?
i just would n't want to have not done my part .
i 'm still going to complain ... 1. to you , fellow yelpers !
there are too many other people who need good jobs !
i will never go back to the chubacca cvs .
not even to use my $ 25 gift card .
i will take her advice and go to the one down the street .
and when i stop for gas ?
go talke some customer service classes you rude mean person .
see , i can be mean too !
but i did n't call you chubacca once !
attitude is everything folks .
i feel much better , thanks yelp !
ridiculous it 's been a month .
nobody calls me and when i call them they do n't seem to care .
terrible terrible service avoid at all costs .
very surprising from a business that seems to be soliciting yelp reviews .
dr jawadi was very personable on my first visit .
i was going to have test so we scheduled for the next visit .
i will admit i was nervous about it all .
my sister had a procedure done and stated it was very painful .
this increased my anxiety .
the procedure started and i jumped .
dr jawadi stayed i could not feel what was being down .
well yes i could .
she told me i needed to be ready for the next procedure .
she pointed her index finger at her head and said in you mind .
speaking down and curt to me like i was stupid .
actually i was afraid and anxious .
she must have missed the class on bedside care in school .
so i was late to my appointment .
i was informed they had a 15 min rule .
well no one shares the rule and it is not posted .
i patiently waited for my turn before and paid my money to be seen .
there was no discount because she was late .
the receptionist would not even ask if i could still be seen .
it is our policy that if you are late you have to reschedule .
i asked for the report of the previous test .
they gave me the results with no explanation and i left .
i came back and canceled my appointment .
i then returned to get the rest of my chart .
i said you just had my records .
the receptionist said you are not getting your records today .
we have 30 days .
i understand you are upset .
i told her she did not understand .
do n't take it out on me .
i left and then i remembered i owned money .
i offered to pay what was owned .
the receptionist informed me that i did not owe anything .
she looked at me and turned and walked away .
i guess she missed the communication and courtesy class too .
i am very disappointed in her and her staffs behavior .
i am a new patient that just moved to the area .
i have been with laura waggener , np , for 15 years .
i followed her from ingrid haas ' office when she joined paradise valley obgyn .
i liked her and felt comfortable with her .
i was told to get dressed and leave .
this was the most humiliating experience .
needless to say , i left there in tears .
i could understand it if i came in off the street .
laura was the only `` doctor '' i had known .
the renovations are now impacting the quality of my ymca membership .
there is no classes between 12:30 and 4 pm ?
what a joke ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i 'm about to cancel my membership .
my family goes to this facility .
we have only seen dr mickus .
he referred us to a dermatologist .
his nurse called and gave us the appt time and location of the dermatologist .
we ended up in the emergency room .
he is starting antibiotics now .
horrible service ! ! ! !
i sure do n't think so .
i have already reported the review as a fraudulent review because it truly is !
shake my head ranch dental plaza !
2. on my ranch dental plaza paperwork .
3. by a person who works there that i 'm friends with on social media
altaf did n't know what robaxin was for .
i also know it makes me feel bad .
she wanted me to take more and add another muscle relaxant to this one .
she also decided she knew more about my pain than i did .
how is that possible ?
a pain threshold is held by the person with the pain .
this is a `` medical group '' with around 20 physicians .
i called to schedule an appointment with a different doctor .
when she asked questions , she spoke over my answers .
you ca n't hear what someone is saying if your mouth is moving .
and it 's rude to interrupt .
i 'm the one trying to get better .
they are authoritarian and indifferent .
they lack empathy and compassion .
are they working in healthcare just for the pay scale ?
i followed up after my appointment , first thing the next morning .
this is the middle of the second business day .
they wont speak to me , and have not returned answers to my questions .
this location is dirty , smells , and has an interesting staff .
this place is terrible and so was the doctor that saw my grandfather today .
we had to wait 2 hours to be seen .
after each question he answered , the doctor would ask `` why ? ''
in such a condescending tone .
anything but `` why ? ''
`` why '' is such a silly question . ''
wow did this guy get defensive after that .
i just gave him a blank stare .
you should learn a little compassion and talk to your patients with respect .
you go there for headache they send you right away to allergy test .
horrible horrible horrible customer service ! ! !
do not purchase from liftchair.com or liftchairexperts.com ! !
vegans / vegetarians beware ! ! ! ! !
there were items marked vegetarian that were actually vegan .
well , this is a yes and no answer .
now , the reason for the one star .
this kind of defeats the purpose of being vegan / vegetarian .
the cleveland va being rated so high is a joke .
this hospital is a dump and their employees dump on you .
i am so sad to have to write this review .
my boyfriend and i visited here for spa week yesterday and were really disappointed .
unfortunately , the joya spa did n't live up to my expectations .
after looking at pictures and reading reviews , i was still excited .
upon entering the spa , we checked in with a smile-less hostest .
they swept us off into opposite directions so we had to coordinate via text .
the facilities are nice and i liked having my own personal locker with keycode .
my therapist joel came to get me 5 minutes after my scheduled 1pm appointment .
joel took me back to the treatment room and the room was pretty uninspired .
service was slow and my turkey burger was pretty bland .
i was served my salad in a bowl where the sealant was coming off .
he just said 'okay ' .
maybe we just had a bad experience because of spa week ?
i 'm not going back to find out .
terrible service ! ! !
if you can find another place ... ..do n't choose this terrible ortho dentistry !
it might be cheap but is not worth it .
please do n't waste your time and money .
first , you wo n't be welcome by receptionists .
they are too busy with whatever to give you any attention .
you must speak up for yourself and let them know you are here !
i wo n't be back .
i went in here with my husband several weeks ago .
after the eye exam , i heard him speaking to his receptionist about us .
i wasted 4 hours of my time today to be denied service i requested .
the impact of my current condition is both physical and emotional .
used them for several years and they were fine .
they just said no .
they do n't do refunds and said they 'd send the right medication .
we 'll , it was obviously a rush , right ? ? ? ?
they still refused to refund any money and blamed it on my vet .
so do not use this pharmacy .
dr. bijan ahrari is not a very good doctor at all .
do n't waste your time or money .
you are better off googling your issues and resolving them that way .
i worked here and only lasted six weeks .
my lead supervisor was cold , indifferent and unfriendly towards me .
this adgitated her and she got an attitude with me .
this was an overall very disappointing and somewhat humiliating experience .
i went in for fillers under my eyes , my lips and smile lines .
also botox and thermage .
my eyes and lips look worse than before .
actually want my eyes undone if that possible .
it took months for the swelling and bruising to go away .
had to go back 3 times to get the botox right .
this place is the poster child for how not to run a medical office .
i just said okay and hung up to do my research .
the doctor was great and full of knowledge .
i had no choice but to say yes and go see his replacement .
then the dr. should stay home and you receptionist should n't schedule anything .
they have me so upset .
i swear these reviews are fake as hell
two crowns for a total of $ 4000 .
i got a second opinion and got two fillings for less than $ 150 .
i thought i would wait awhile before writing this review .
the previous one star review on yelp uses the words `` money hungry '' .
you be the judge $ 4000 vs $ 150 .
i 've been a patient of dr dalley for several years without complaint .
however here lately their office is extremely difficult to reach .
they tend to overbook patients .
i had to wait about 40-60 minutes every single time i went there .
you will wait 10 mins first to see a nurse .
your actual time with a doctor is about 10mins .
no wonder every one has to wait a long time .
i do n't like a place that seems to be very profit driven .
update : just got my lab bill .
roughly 4 months later .
this incompetent medical practice pulled $ 1000 worth of blood work .
they should change their name to slowmed .
honestly this was a pretty terrible experience from start to finish .
after sitting in the room for another 20 minutes the dr came in .
she 's like `` yea . ''
the most insulting experience ever ! ! ! .
if there were 0 stars they would get that .
i have been coming here for 7+ years .
after reading all these other reviews i see that 's a common trend here .
he volunteered to call for me .
my new dr got me in within 3 minutes of check in .
new horizons averaged about 1 hour even with an appointment .
so bring a book .
i liked my therapist , and i enjoyed the therapy process .
however , they screwed up my billing .
do not go here .
i got my breads and desserts elsewhere .
i think the overall feel from staff in the store is impersonal .
i can get organic anything elsewhere with much friendlier service and cheaper prices .
i may return if i hear they improve on customer service .
do n't waste your time .
your time does n't matter here at smile brite dental .
dr vu schedules way too many appointments at once .
i 'm so disappointed with the staff .
the dental hygienist rushes through my cleaning every single time .
wow , so unprofessional .
if you love your teeth and your time is valuable do n't come here !
it 's not just this location it 's all of them .
worst hospital i 've ever been to !
we waited 4 hours with her crying out in the emergency room .
she was never even offered a blanket .
she said she had never seen anything like this !
i got the coldest answers from the front desk .
they were the most unsympathetic people i have ever seen .
they were laughing with each other and then ordered a pizza !
i had been talking with a woman waiting to be seen about my daughter .
it was one of the woman behind the desk .
she said `` you need to sit down .
she also told another person to be quiet .
i felt iike i was in kindergarten , not an adult .
she was talking about me !
i was so embarrassed !
i later received a call from a customer relations person for the hospital .
no complaint form , just a `` sorry about that '' letter .
my tattoos did not even have color .
when i said something to the manager she suggested i buy more treatments .
i only bought the other 3 because they said definitely they would be gone .
i was also told to drink more water .
i have been dealing with these tattoos for almost 3 years .
that was 3 weeks ago .
i have not heard back from them either .
i wo n't be finding out .
why would i drive 3 cities over .
yet when mentioned to the manager she just suggested i purchase more treatments .
now i 'm off to delete in phoenix .
other then that there 's not anything too positive to say about the place .
the guy at the front desk could n't have been any ruder .
he never even looked up at us .
the doctor was ok i guess .
this is a very nice looking place .
last time it was about an hour .
folks , this place is not big and i was the only customer there .
the just seem really clueless which is great since they handle my meds .
the absolute worst ! !
avoid at all costs .
i would absolutely discourage anyone from becoming a patron here .
even if you 've contacted them before using text .
their bogo deal is no deal at all .
spent $ 360+ on 2 pair which both broke within 1st year .
got a great pair at costco for $ 190 .
will never shop there again .
i 've been waiting for 1.5 hours to check in .
there are only 4 total people in here .
( cheyenne location ) not a very good experience with scheduling .
so , i called the office to schedule an appointment .
they use a specific system that my doctor does n't use regarding referrals .
one call after another .
so much red tape .
my son finally gets his appointment .
i drove across town to be told that they canceled my appointment .
i never received a call .
now im looking for another doctor .
do not go here !
read other reviews from actual patients .
no follow up and you can not get carmen on the phone .
front office is a disaster .
i had been in the chair for 3 hours and just wanted to leave .
it 's a shame because i like curtiss , the hygienist , very much .
called ahead 12:00 gave me a time for 2:45 .
3:00 they called to come down .
4:30 i 'm still waiting .
that was the quick service ? .
it was n't even busy .
the antibiotic has a listed complication .
oh yeah , we 'll have to retype the prescriptions .
the staff spent more time on insurance billing codes than patient needs .
a sharps box ( used needles ) on the floor .
nurse tells kids stick hands in `` all the time '' .
do n't let your kids stick hands in . ?
what is the box doing on the damn floor ?
i would n't even take my dog to this place .
once you get in to see the doctors , everything is great .
we especially love dr. winterland .
however , the ladies up front are terrible .
we have never had a good experience with them .
our must recent bad experience happened today .
we kept the same appointment time with another physician .
we checked in on time , and then waited and waited and waited .
after 30 minutes of nothing , i went to ask how much longer .
`` oh , he 's running an hour behind today . ''
we have a one and a half year old .
they need to seriously clean house up front .
needless to say we left .
come here if you have nowhere else to go .
apparently , 9 bucks were n't enough for her .
where 's that attitude coming from ?
that was the first and the last time at that place for me .
for the most part the office employees were friendly .
i should have read the reviews before booking with this dr 's office .
do not go to see doctor hamburg or anyone else at this business ! !
so thank you so much , you pompous son of a bitch !
i sincerely hope you rot in every hell .
i was recommended dr kootman by my eye doctor due to dry eyes .
meridian valley labs ) $ 154.85 directly as opposed to $ 650.00 .
this dental practice has very unfriendly service all around .
i have n't gone back and i will not recommend anyone to this practice .
everyone was nice , but at what cost ...
do not use this outfit !
terrible customer service and cavalier with customer 's time .
will not be going back .
i wo n't be back .
my fianc was experiencing extremely bad abdominal pain .
we got there and everyone was very friendly except for one nurse .
she ruined the entire experience .
i liked the doctor , but the office staff is rude and condescending .
really ? ! ? ! ?
why should i have to prove i was right ? ? ?
we did some research and discovered we had paid the bill .
insurance had finally gotten it put through in feb 2016 and we immediately paid .
i told her i could still dispute it with my cc company .
she said they would mail the check that weekend ( it was wednesday ) .
i asked her to refund the card , which she supposedly did .
i also asked her to send email confirmation of the refund .
do not trust these people
( although better but not right ! )
another chat with my insurance company is again informing !
swdg still did not follow through with my advise and filed incomplete claims .
~ she finally filed correctly ! ! !
which i knew was coming but why so much ! ! ! ! ... .
can you believe it ! ! ! !
how shady can you be ! ! ! ! !
needless to say ... i 'm only paying the cost share and nothing else !
sooooo long story short beware ! ! ! !
i decided to give the new doctor a chance ( dr.rosario ) .
never again will i step into that office .
i was extremely disappointed with how i was treated .
bought the groupon for exam , x-rays , and 3 adjustments .
setting the appointment was quick , easy and friendly .
the video was of testimonials saying how awesome this new nucca chiropractic treatment was .
wow , he was 20 pounds heavier on his right side .
so we set an appt for the next morning .
by then we already knew we wasted the $ 45 on the groupon .
so finally time for the `` adjustment '' .
the adjustment did absolutely nothing to my spouse .
so for some , the mind funk obviously works .
thanks for reading ; )
this office is so unorganized and unprofessional .
i am very disappointed with my experience .
they had no idea how to help me with my tooth pain .
i do not recommend his place .
please read the yelp reviews !
it would have helped me to make a better decision .
i too , purchased a groupon and over paid .
i felt so embarrassed .
the tip suggestion started at $ 15 for just good .
i felt the massage was counter productive after that .
i just moved and we are on a budget .
i paid for the actual service , so do n't suggest a higher tip .
i rather they hike the price but that 's their game i guess .
get you in the door and then after , surprise ! ! ! !
please let me know !
sorry , i wanted to write something amazing about you guys .
i was excited but i ended up feeling insulted .
beware of dr sharif ! ! ! !
beware of this `` doctor '' !
his office and him are extremely unprofessional !
it has been hell from the beginning with this surgeon !
for starters my mother checks in for surgery , 6am .
the chicks in his office confirmed the week prior they will get them .
and he obviously shows up to the hospital without the mri or prepared .
no one called or advised her they needed it or did n't have it .
he walks out to call his office .
i run and go get the disk , come back .
he tells us , i cant do the surgery .
this is too rushed and i just cant do it today !
and mind you my mom is in excruciating pain and desperately needs this surgery .
he has to follow up on the surgery he preformed .
this surgeon could n't care less about his patients !
and will kill or paralyze you .
if at all possible see a different doctor !
my 6yo son went in for a filling and 2 root canals .
he was nervous , but everyone promised him it would n't hurt .
he gave 5 novacaine/lidocaine shots .
2. charlie brown just proceeded to drill without testing for numbness .
he proceeded to drill again , and my son screamed again .
dr. brown 's frustration was obvious .
again , no test for numbness .
my son screamed again , and was now crying .
i was frozen in shock , and regret not interjecting .
dr. brown drilled again , and my son freaked out , sobbing .
nope , not numb .
this injection was more painful , and again , no topical anesthesia .
that 's when we realized the bites were way off .
who does crown work and fillings without bite adjustments afterward ?
it was short notice , and the earliest i could get in was noon .
we had to wait until monday .
my son cried a lot in his sleep that night .
not enough to wake himself up , but just soft sobbing throughout the night .
it was heartbreaking to hear .
he 's super diligent about flossing and brushing now .
anything to avoid going back to the dentist .
correction i asked for the paper work in may , got charged in june .
requested paperwork again then did n't retrieve the email .
then finally the 3rd time requested email .
girl up front not very interested in helping .
i asked if they could call in and have someone help her ?
got more sassy attitude and she spoke to me like i was not intelligent .
i guess im crazy .
left immediately and wo n't go back to a location that hires rude idiots .
i was forced to come here during a short vacation .
they tried to connect with me and make sure that i was comfortable .
i had sat in my room waiting for the results of my blood test .
is n't that how you ended up here in the first place ?
this nurse had no right to say that to me .
i just wish that she would have been more polite about it .
that is no way to treat a patient that is paying for their stay .
anyway , my experience was eh .
i really liked this office on my first visit .
now i am beyond frustrated .
not sure how they stay in buisness .
easily the worst doctor i 've ever been to .
she does n't listen and only pushes birth control on you .
the staff rarely answers the phone .
i had an issue last year and she was sent for an ultrasound .
now less than 6 months later the issue has returned .
i would not recommend this place for anyone .
very rude receptionists ( not all but some ) .
do n't take it personally !
also the deli is having very limited number of choices for the crowd .
for me this is not a recommended place .
i went in for an x-ray at this facility and that went fine .
there was a wait but whatever ... the real pain came after my appt .
it has been a joke .
i wish i looked at the yelp reviews before switching to this location .
compare offices..mesa has the worst rating .
( i 've never had a problem with the scottsdale office ) .
their office staff has zero empathy .
*do not visit this office* i needed to be seen for 2 things .
1. foot pain 2. tb test .
then they sent me a bill on top of that for $ 139.86 .
further- dr. patrick tested my thyroid and the test came back normal .
i was then referred to a thyroid specialist by dr. patrick .
when i questioned this he stated i needed to see an endocrine specialist .
it 's not the first time i 've had to remind them either .
i am saying this because i went somewhere else and it uncompareable .
i had previously written a good review but i am changing that .
no prelude , no explanation , nothing .
so this can drag on ?
i am sorry but this is my life , my baby ! !
hello anger & frustration , there you are .
a few things about this clinic that gave me a negative impression .
the reasons i was given did n't add up .
my advice : install the 'calm ' app on your smartphone .
you have the app with you as long as your phone is with you .
i wish i could have given a zero star .
i went there with severe throat pain due to pharyngitis .
i was seen by mr peter who behaved very rudely with me .
i spent so much money to hear these things .
very ill mannered and rude physician .
my wife made an appointment after finding out she was pregnant .
if i could leave less than one star , i would .
i dont know who tge 4 star reviews are by .
they must be relatives of the owners .
this place was the worst place ever for my mom .
my mom was the very first resident at hacienda .
i began complaining about issues happening .
they did not bandage huge open wounds that got very infected .
several times i visited my mom and there was blood all over the floor .
but was dried so it had been there for a while .
there is so much more .
if anyone wants more info , you can email me at thegiftingstore @ gmail.com .
dr. delee isnt the problem its the front office .
i like dr.delee but after my twins im switching to another ob .
his front office is just horrific and rude .
i listened to it .
so , i got a second opinion .
i did just say that .
there is no cavity .
the tooth is literally fine .
and as for the other two fillings dr. keller told me i needed ?
that was one thing that this new dentist could agree with dr. keller on .
and i had her fill it , and she did an amazing job .
so , dr. keller should be embarrassed .
heck , i would be .
i would never lie to a patient .
get your wallet out !
this has been my dentist for five years !
five years , my kids and i have come to this office .
now i call and ask what the balance was for ?
well , the insurance has not paid .
i ask them to call the insurance company .
so i call and stated i need to speak to the office manager .
i leave a message .
she never calls back .
five years i have been coming here .
i explain that i have- how did all the other bills get paid .
did they check in on the reimbursement ?
no they did not .
i state they told me they would- i 'm told that 's my job .
when i call i am left on hold .
my emails are unanswered .
no one answered , thus leaving the bill unpaid and a balance for me .
so many fake reviews ! ! !
i ca n't stand that .
i went to this place for contacts .
seems a bit expensive overall .
if you like care salesman tactics this place is for you .
it 's all about selling you !
i was ignorant towards this type of `` business '' .
they convince me i need major testosterone !
money hungry businesses that 's who !
never a discussion further .
i made one last attempt to go i to the office three weeks ago .
this was the worst experience !
my blood pressure is 184/111 dangerously high !
what do they do ?
he said it did n't matter i still owe it .
he walked out , now i 'm in the .
what real dr does this ?
plus never explaining what the additional charge was that they were demanding me pay .
i have contacted an attorney who says i have a solid case .
this practice should be ashamed of themselves !
please stay away read all these complaints on yelp .
this office does the same thing to everyone !
go to to an md who is not a quack !
it feels like the staff does n't care about their patients .
i am fairly disappointed with custom eyes in general .
so obviously , with the information given , you plan your day accordingly .
the person with the key arrives few minutes late .
i go in to check-in and sat there waiting .
he was thorough and was explaining what each machine does .
she apologized for her tardiness .
she was knowledgeable and informative and asked if i had any questions for her .
in the end , i left the office at 11:30am .
made an appointment the day before was sent the email that confirmed the appointment .
that morning i was offered an on call shift at work .
when arrived they had no record of my appointment .
even though i had text a message confirmation and email confirmation .
cost me big money .
the girls all were very rude , and took no responsibility .
it 's time to look into a receptionist .
the results of a 24 hour urine test were reported on myquest.com .
i called quest to explain the error .
my trust in quest is seriously eroded .
i can only wonder at the quality of the results from other tests .
practice is 4.5 stars ! !
but dr. mckenna should receive zero stars for bad business practices ! !
if you care about ego , status and popularity then go for it .
saw the nurse practitioner who was great !
she diagnosed the issues and recommended treatment .
next appointment was with dr. mckenna since he would be performing the treatment .
standard doc ... friendly , knowledgeable .
nothing special that would wow you .
she said she would call us with a potential date .
being popular among rock stars ?
not ent patients ? ? ? ?
i do n't care about a rock doctor !
i care about my step-daughters issues ! ! !
i have been going here for three years as a self pay .
i am never greeted by the girls at the front .
i now have insurance and am currently looking for a new doctor .
i have never felt so undervalued .
no bedside manners and extremely dissatisfied for life with the services rendered .
this place is a joke .
after 3+ hours waiting to see the dr , i had to leave .
i had no choice i had to get back to work .
i had a bad a experience with this place some months ago .
literally an hour later still did not get called back .
so , i just left .
they never called or e-mailed me to apologize .
i was there for a free consultation .
if possible to find another neurology center , i would recommend doing so .
i was diagnosed with sleep apnea years ago .
i need a cpap machine .
i started the process with them in march .
it is now july , and i still have weeks more to wait .
you guys deal with sick people all day .
do you like working here ?
her attitude changed really quick .
extremely inconvenient and literally no regard for my moms and my time/ money .
surprised this place has no reviews .
maybe they pay to have them removed .
i received the initial consultation at the desert location .
everyone including the dentist seemed professional enough .
by the looks of the office they are by no means a high-end facility .
they picked me up which i thought was a nice service .
i heard everything i needed to hear at this point .
i decided i would not continue with the advised plan .
super shady and i will be letting the insurance company know about these scammers .
seriously i had an 8 am appointment and it 's been nearly an hour .
there is literally one woman tuning the show .
she is checking in , doing the paperwork and then sucking the blood !
worries about the quality of anything and tired of waiting ! !
joke of an office .
if you can avoid it at all , never go here .
office staff that is rude and does n't care .
they ignored a lady crying in a wheelchair in the office .
i had to help her pull out her dl and insurance card .
they could n't have cared less .
she actually wrote resolved for the vertigo on my check out sheet .
tell my body that , you half wit not even a nurse .
now there 's dr. yu .
who at first seems okay .
very thick accent , but does n't seem to remind repeating things .
because their are n't , for him .
he 's not taking it so he does n't care .
six ? ? ? ?
one or two i could see , but 6 ? ! ? ! ?
guess he 's weak in math , as he is in being a neurologist .
they had my vertigo as resolved ( spoiler alert : it is n't ) .
how stupid are you , dr .
yu ? ? ? ?
how much do n't you give a fuck ? ? ? ? ?
i 'll be `` short '' about the wait times .
they 're fucking forever .
if you get in by 8 a.m. you might get out by 11'ish .
have an afternoon appt ?
hope i 'm alive to get her call .
seriously , what a shitty office this is .
my name is renee noyes this place dragged me along for over two years .
sat there and argued with me that i always had scoliosis .
they write stuff to cover their own butt and dr. daftari is the worse .
he refused to help me with pain .
i can not walk or stand with out pain still to this day .
i can not sit because of my tailbone pain .
i can not look down because something is wrong with my neck .
i do not recommend going to them .
i do not trust them .
i finally have pain doctor that is helping with pain .
dumb jerks i tell them that because i am home bound and hurt .
why even give a star .
worst place to come to .
staff is very unprofessional .
but yet everyone that came in after you is seen .
the staff should be more courteous and people friendly .
instead of seeing you as a disease .
well-oiled machine my foot .
i asked for a referral and the referral department has yet to call me .
it has now been three weeks .
also , the billing department attempted to double charge me for my copay amount .
most importantly , dr. irene delorenzi has some serious likeability issues .
rather cold bedside manner and a condescending nature .
time to switch pcps ... again .
thanks for the runaround , wfp .
the waiting at this facility is unreal .
i have donated several times and it seems like the wait time has doubled .
it 's is closer to 4 hrs now .
they have no sense of urgency .
their workers will stand around and chat .
i do n't understand why they allow this behavior to continue .
it 's sad that they are okay with that kind of customer service .
the people who work here even seem to hate their job .
i would never recommend this place to anyone .
it 's not worth the little money you get for the time it takes .
he offered a $ 20 consult .
i purchased the option for me and my husband .
he used a divide and conquer sales method .
this place feels like a mult-level marketing scam !
we have since found a reputable provider .
please , please , i beg of you go somewhere else !
note : this review is for the billing department only .
the doctors and medical staff are excellent ( 5 stars for them ) ! !
i 've already filed a complaint in bbb because of that .
i saw dr. robert j hamburg , md ( great doctor ! ! ! )
please note that the medical performance date is 11/3/2011 .
one year after the service date , i finally knew such bill existed .
beware of the billing department and any bills from this clinic .
hope this review helped .
and again , i do recommend dr. robert j hamburg ! ! !
he 's very very nice , kind , patient , and knowledgeable ! !
and so she set up the appointment for my 2nd sleep study .
i 've been waiting for over a month now .
i 'm just hoping that i will get my results read this month .
for the meantime , i 'm still waiting ( sigh )
i agree a lot with sarah louise .
i love the exterior and the storefront .
like sarah , i found the instruction to be below average .
i will likely use up my groupon but then move on .
i had an 8am appt time .
they were already more than an hour behind for walk ins .
she tries to put my info in the computer and it does n't work .
their computer system was down .
i waited two weeks to get a morning appt .
i took time off from my job to do this lab .
another useless big corporation not caring or making any effort to actually help people .
this location only staffs 1 person to do all the jobs at the lab .
i would give it negative stars if possible .
i agree with katelyn b review .
the place is pathetic as i wrote before .
which mind you was pre approved by them ! ! ! ! !
i am an 800 credit score .
i paid every office visit when they asked .
they handled this situation in a very unprofessional matter and were extremely rude .
including the head person linda who was just not nice .
she will come off very nice but she is not !
remember my previous review was deleted because they were being exposed by me .
do not go here !
this should be illegal .
do not go here ! !
absolutely no way i would have my exam started within an hour .
this is why i scheduled my appointment .
never seen this office so disorganized and uncaring .
i left and will not be returning .
however , in our very next appointment , they make us wait for 2.5hrs ?
how unfair is that ! !
i 'd complained about allergies all my bleeping life southwest medical just gives pills .
got ta call tomorrow and that 's okay , it 's almost 5 pm .
to just summarize it all .
slow service they seem to drag things so you pay another co-pay .
i find them incompetent .
this place was just awful .
the whole time i felt like i was getting ripped off .
will never come back .
we knew everyone there and service always great .
since avella bought it the operation has been chaos .
not good medicine and not good business .
going to walgreens down the street .
can not believe this place is even open
the dentist was very quick-almost made me feel like a number .
the hygienist was downright rude .
each visit brought on multiple issues with their staff acting unprofessionally .
will never recommend anyone in serious pain to this hospital !
brought my nephew in today because he has a fever .
we were told that a pediatrician will be available to see him .
after checking in , we were seen by a nurse practitioner instead .
then recommended to insert a catheter to draw his urine to check for uti .
we disagreed & asked to see s pediatrician .
for ear infection , i already know the doc is amoxicillin .
they did not even asked for these symptoms .
yes , he has dry cough .
so we refused catheter insert for uti test .
i said no , it 's otc & we already have it at home .
omg , otc advil/tylenol/motrin is q4h or q6h .
where is informed consent ?
no one bother to follow this as health care providers .
i 'm a health care provider myself but not in pediatric .
u just do n't try to shove medications or procedures on to patients .
so glad i came with my nephew today .
when you love your market you love it , it 's simple .
then at the juice bar they no longer take punch cards , why ?
i will not be going back .
my insurance covers a standard exam , including dilation .
both her and the paperwork made it sound like it was basically mandatory .
finally , they refused to tell my inter-pupilary distance .
their refrigirated section is discusting .
it has not been cleaned in eons .
needless to say , i wo n't be going here anytime soon .
there 's a giant eagle in the same area .
i ask myself why i did n't go there ?
but then after meeting the doctor my mind definitely was change .
so i guess they did n't want my money .
i wanted the 2 for $ 70 glasses with the included exam .
i just do n't get it .
honestly the whole thing was really stupid .
definitely not going back here .
the staffs in this loblaws are very unfriendly .
they ignore customers , give wrong information , and yell at customers .
it 's always freezing here , bring a sweater .
wait time is really long .
hmmm what about drs orders ?
i did everything he asked and ordered .
nevada healthcare needs to step it up a few notches .
horrible `` dr '' .
hopefully you wont make the same one .
this plan is unhealthy .
and most of the meals are just bland and fatty .
they all have this similar taste which gets revolting after a few weeks .
went today and i have insurance with a copay .
i did n't consent to it , so they would n't see me .
as long as someone else is paying they are fine .
called to make an appointment because i read such great reviews .
which one was it ?
lost my interest in this place that fast .
my midwife was lisa , the founder of the company .
despite being a late transfer , i felt confident in my decision .
however , this is when the first red flag flew .
this is when things went wrong .
it is only a strip after all .
still she was not concerned .
`` i do n't like to do internal exams .
you look alright to me '' .
i left feeling unheard and slightly embarrassed .
about four hours in , i developed a backache .
i dealt with it for an hour but it progressively got worse .
i also developed nausea and fatigue .
maybe i 'm just sitting wrong ?
all in a condescending tone .
we got a hotel .
i was there thirty minutes before i knew something was terribly wrong .
they took me to the nearest er .
i was admitted for two miserable days , fighting pain , fever and nausea .
my poor baby had to be monitored due to high heart rates .
after all this , i simply ask you proceed with great caution .
you may be lucky and nothing goes wrong , but god forbid it does .
indeed , they are a business despite trying to appear otherwise .
proceed with care sisters !
thanks for reading this review .
do n't be fooled by their fancy office , and their well-dressed receptionists .
they still owe me 1000
speed read 1 ) made from real beans , right there .
2 ) i do n't like their sale tactic .
when i buy take out , i usually do n't examine what 's inside .
i bought it from here many times .
well , some time i am not happy with what i got .
stay away from this place unless you have time gas and money to waste .
# 5 the listening sessions only give you a glorified nap .
plus they repeat these listening sessions .
i 'm not the only one see online for more reviews .
waste of time money and additional stress .
walk away - you could get a good 5 star vacation for $ 1500 .
dr. steinbrunner needs to take a patient/ doctor communication class .
be honest , explain treatment , results , possible risks and outcome .
how do you know a week later that i have a bad infection ?
that was the end of our relationship .
do not go here ! ! ! !
now they say no that it goes toward next service .
do not use this voucher .
i tipped her $ 20 too .
she entered the room and went right to work , which felt very uncomfortable .
so i 'm giving her a star for her time .
worst company ever to deal with ! ! !
stop over treating ! ! !
this place is a joke !
do n't recommend ! !
my primary care doctor advised that i see both a neurologist and ent specialist .
they had recommended phoenix neurological associates .
when i called , we went through standard information gathering .
then the scheduler asked me what i was being seen for .
my gp advised that i see a neurologist for a reason .
poor customer service and very rude .
the guy that helped me had a cup in his mouth the entire time .
he hurt my arm as well .
will not be returning to that location again .
i had $ 120 and that was it .
today , i stopped in there because i really need new glasses .
my current pair was about 7 years old .
i picked out a $ 150 frame and brought it to the counter .
now it 's a different lady at the front .
why do n't i have an eyeglasses script on file ?
i guess the $ 200 dollar eye exam did n't include an eyeglasses script .
my script has changed very little since early 90s .
i did not need another exam , i 'm tired of this highway robbery .
this place seems to really like the money grab so beware .
in response to dr. rios ' angered reply .
why doe n't $ 200 cover for a glasses script ?
what lobbyist out there wanted a state law to renew eyeglass scripts annually ?
can you say `` special interests '' ? ? ?
where do you see blackmail ?
that statement about blackmail alone makes me think you are wacko .
i am completely satisfied with my new glasses and i see great .
thanks for your concern about the health of my eyes , though !
how would he know if my script was the same since the 90s ?
he only saw me once and i brought no previous records with me .
i do have an exuberant personality , i do n't deny that .
when i got the the counter it was twice that amount .
he mentioned that the `` eye care community '' had recently discovered this information .
let 's divide their services .
their technicians , on the other hand are excellent .
duh , maybe because it was never written up ? ? ?
they 've been able to take care of almost every problem i 've had .
maybe $ $ $ ?
i have been on hold trying to schedule an appt .
for over 33 minutes now .
you guessed it - scheduling .
i 'm right back where i started .
if i could ... i would seriously give this place 0 stars !
this is a medical center !
very rude service being that they are working at a medical place .
i suggest or recommend to go to a different medical center / hospital please !
i am doing everyone a favor out there .
if there was a no star it would be my choice ! ! !
i have kept quiet for months & i 'm done .
after waiting 3 months to get my dentures i have had it .
today 's visit was icing on the cake .
tried to fit me today with my completed dentures .
the lowers are looser than the ones i have .
the tech kept grinding the dentures trying to get the bite right .
i was told they would be fixed & done by wednesday .
well i 'm not going back .
they sure have almost $ 2500 in their pocket tho .
i will be pursuing any & all resources to get a full refund
i was just standing there waiting to be acknowledged .
hope you can resolve this issue asap !
thank you but no thank you .
good luck to you i hope your experience is a better one .
they have compensated me for my gas given vip cards and everything !
i purchased a groupon and scheduled an appointment online .
the appointment was confirmed and i arrived 15 minutes early .
luckily , groupon is awesome and refunded me .
the ladies at the front desk are completely rude and unprofessional .
i live about 30 minutes away from the clinic .
came in 30 minutes before closing .
mind u drove all the way there again .
just completely rude and unorganized .
need to staff and system and a better team .
i went to my appointment today .
one of the workers came in to do another eye exam .
what is the point of having him there ?
i told her to get the doctor .
i walked into the waiting area furious .
it does n't make any sense .
she has to call the main office to get my money back .
steer clear of this place unless you like to waste your time .
***their office called me today - said they wo n't refund my money .
i literally signed up for yelp just to leave this review !
i could not agree with her more ! ! ! ! ! !
i 'm shocked because she described my experience as well !
i mean zero interest ! ! !
she was combative and dismissive the entire time .
do not waste your time or money ! !
all they seemed interested in doing was writing prescriptions .
this was the most god awful medical service i 've ever had .
i could have received more insightful health information out of a vending machine ! !
we hope you feel better .
the back area is very smelly as well .
have had better service honestly but the gel was painted decently .
we live far & have been with clinic over 3 years !
french manicure was carelessly applied .
dr. leroy kareus was my initial doctor , but sadly he passed away .
in my own opinion , he was the 'gentle soul ' of that practice .
my appt was sch late afternoon the day prior by the orthopedic office .
i knew and the orthopedic office knew my insur required referral approval .
no on answers and a mesg comes on advising their closed .
really smh , so what exactly happened ?
how was that over looked ?
definitely improvements needed in that dept .
5 to the gal up front , thx !
worst of all : they expect a minimum tip amount .
they expected a minimum of 30 % .
they kept shouting at me that they wanted more tip .
and then they said it was a required tip minimum .
are they crazy ? ? !
do n't go to this place .
i was very unimpressed .
i used a groupon that i got for a 60min swedish massage .
i would n't say it was worth even the discounted price .
the woman who did my massage was not friendly at all .
she barely said anything and was somewhat snippy and cold throughout .
it just felt very cold and sterile .
i would n't return for a massage .
the man who worked there seemed nice , though !
my dog went four days without her chemotherapy as promised .
roadrunner did not process my order for five days because of their oversight .
i called multiple times to get my dog 's chemo .
shipping is advertised to be free and in three days .
my first and last experience !
stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! !
he does n't deserved a star but i have to put one to proceed .
2 ) they lost my script .
who has the answer ?
your guess is as good as mine ! ! !
lost of a script is unforgivable ! ! !
major disappointment ! ! !
same company , two totally different experiences .
clearly i will be taking my business to the one that deserves it .
i went to this dentist yesterday .
though i will never go back to them they had an extremely nice staff .
i loved the receptionist , dental assistant and doctor .
do not walk in to this `` walk-in '' clinic .
arrived the second they opened , still waited 3 hours and had to leave .
way overbooked and only care about the copays .
currently have an infection that showed up a few days after my vasectomy .
procedure went well and there was no pain during .
i 'm sick and need medicine , get some pep in your step !
honor your appointment times !
from the moment i walked into this place , i felt some off vibes .
the counselor i was set up with was awfully judgemental and made me uncomfortable .
she was prying too much into religious views and such .
just another one that doesnt get that not everyone is religous .
i 've been going to this practice for over a year now .
this is the second time they have charged my card without permission .
charges and overdraft fees because the money was n't there .
i am done with this office !
when they were at their old offices service was great .
never had to wait more than 10 minutes beyond my appt .
when they moved to a larger office it all changed .
three weeks ago i went in for a 10:30 appt .
she asked if i wanted to reschedule and i said yes and left .
yesterday i went back for my rescheduled appt .
i now have a recommendation from my doctor for a new dermatologist .
i had my appendix removed earlier this year by this doctor .
it was the worst experience of my life .
well guess what ... he did n't care .
he instructed his billing department to move forward with billing me .
please email me privately for that website address .
do yourself a favor and run from this doctor .
do not let him operate on you .
or you only have yourself to blame if you do .
never had such bad food in there
my initial thought was this is a really nice pharmacy , esthetically .
however , it be better managed .
i was in the area and had my drs .
i was not feeling well .
two medications were called in and i was instructed to start them immediately .
this pharmacy was close to closing and my drs office had already closed .
she said they can call it to my local avella pharm near me .
i then had returned to the cashier line to pay for my item .
she paused awhile and asked the pharmacist if she could do that .
i mean seriously ... rocket science here or just common sense ?
she finally checked me and the other customers out .
i wish avella would have been up front with my drs .
office from the initial phone order .
i would have gone to another pharmacy to get the meds that were prescribed .
the doctor seems like he just rolls out of bed and comes to work .
good thing i use a new doctor now .
do n't waste your time people .
i have enjoyed this place in the past .
unfortunately on sunday i had a miserable experience .
i was told i would be contacted and never was - very poor service .
once again i got burned by this location .
i always say i 'm not going back but somehow end up there .
today put me over the top .
the parking lot is hands down the worst in the city of cleveland .
i almost got hit 3 times by other drivers .
they need to have separate cashier who only deals with this form of payment .
i can not recommend them based on this .
so we got there around 10pm and it was not that busy .
service there was two ladies and one guy .
they could not really understand english so they there was a language barrier .
they we 're all nice but i did n't feel welcome .
i guess that 's better than massaging soft .
overall i would not return to this foot massage because i got ripped off .
the guy stopped us and said we had to tip a minimum $ 10 .
this is the worst most unorganized slowest cvs i have ever dealt with .
this particular visit i set in the drive-thru for at least 14 minutes .
cvs at 44th street and bell please get your act together !
if i could give this dr a negative 5 , i would .
he is the worst doctor i have ever came across .
i would not recommend this doctor to my worst enemy .
unfortunately , as a 40 year old male i had my first er visit .
unfortunately , it was at mountainview hospital .
they took over 3 hours to provide any treatment of any kind .
i felt very alone and helpless in their care .
not a very compassionate hospital .
it felt like that was the accepted culture at mountainview hospital .
this is only a summary of my experience .
stay away if you can !
the office manager amanda has no idea what she is doing .
i tell her that is the definition of insanity .
doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result .
do not ever come here for help or treatment in the medical field .
the worst run doctors office i have ever seen .
i see better management and workmanship at a mcdonalds or mexico .
receptionist had very poor phone etiquette !
no customer service at all and absolutely no aloha .
place seems like a serious scam !
i was told they only accept new `` functional medicine clients . ''
besides the fees they would bill my insurance .
what a joke ! ! !
craziest first phone call i 've ever had to a `` professional doctors office ''
you can go to a fine clinic just up the road for $ 39.00 .
so happy i will only have to be here for one test .
nice jennifer main piece and others i 'm not familiar with
staff were unhelpful from the first call to until my appointment departure .
dismissive staff , terrible communication .
had to pay for parking to be dropped off ! !
avoid if at all possible .
this dentist office is a joke .
i paid and left .
there she did not feel the pain and was numbed correctly .
i know saturdays are convenient but i recommend waiting and getting into another office .
one of them then proceeded to ask me why i was visiting today .
i was n't too sure if i missed something .
ever since dr. doyne passed away this place as went to poop .
they dont listen to your needs .
which i found out by personally calling my quest .
the answering company answers the phone more than they do .
and no the answering gas service will not pass on the message .
i would n't recommend this place for my worst enemy .
it had went so far down hill that is not even funny .
i did n't feel like they even tried to help .
the absolute misleading place i 've ever been to .
i was quoted 2 different prices 2 different times .
this place does dishonest business .
the staff is unprofessional .
smirked the entire time and looked like she was about to laugh any minute .
is this how you treat all of your patients ?
sorry , i just ca n't recommend this place .
the doctor was great but the staff was awful .
three weeks later , i was still trying to track down my order .
you 're supposed to guess when your prescription comes in .
i left with all the knots i came in with .
the massage therapist kept walking out of the room .
i gave her a good tip on the original amount because i felt bad .
the service did n't deserve a tip at all .
it was n't even close to the full length of time , but whatever..
this urgent care is the worst i have ever been to ! ! ! !
i would never recommend this place to anyone .
so bring a 1rst time patient i arrived to see dr tanarya at 2:30 !
she gave me two prescriptions one for back pain and another for muscle relaxer !
no one 's answering the phone .
miss placed my drivers license and insurance card .
well my first impression is my last impression of that place .
i 'm sure this is a more profitable area for them .
had a groupon to this place .
she disnt speak english so i could n't really have a conversation with her .
i sat there for about 25 minutes and finally somebody walked in .
then my 30 minute detox was 20 minutes .
i never recieved the email .
this place was horrible and far from relaxing .
i recommend not coming here at all .
shame on devin luzod .
i saw dr. chasby today and left crying and frustrated .
i am now permanently marred by his animal .
i booked this appointment a few weeks ago and have been waiting .
no sir , i am not requesting that .
this experience was completely unprofessional on multiple levels .
thank you for wasting my time today dr. chasby .
i 'm reviewing the minute clinic .
i went in for an ear infection the other day .
i think i 'd only go here for vaccinations , if that .
what a ridiculous way to run a business .
sorry to cut down on spreading germs .
will not be returning here .
scheduling staff was unfriendly and lacked compassion .
do n't waste your money .
i do not recommend this plastic surgeon .
never had this happen in my life before .
massage was good but pricey .
staff is rude , loud and obnoxious !
they curse out loud ! !
waiting room is old couches and chairs that are ready to fall apart .
tv has a dial and antenna .
rooms are small with no decor .
the doctor is up front and fast .
tell her what you need and she will give you a perscription for it .
be very skeptical of this establishment if you get your teeth cleaned here .
' ... yeah , right .
i was also charged a $ 30 co pay for virtually nothing .
no mention of periodontitis or cavities .
the 2nd dentist never told me that i needed laser gum treatment .
they will likely try and sell you expensive dental services you do not need .
dr. prabhu is terrible and his staff is even worse .
another doctor used to work here who was much , much better .
i did n't get to work with him very long , because he quit .
you look like a bunch of fools every time i come in .
i ca n't wait to find a new doctor .
you 're the worst in las vegas .
you need to write your cpap prescriptions for a full year or a lifetime .
i actually use mine every single day and need it to live .
you should be ashamed of yourselves .
you 're not medical professionals in my mind .
all you do is rip off and inconvenience everyone who walks in here .
you deserve to go out of business .
i visited this center twice .
both times , i felt dismissed and not heard .
`` essure '' in my fallopian tubes .
the doctor never called to consult or ever followed up .
i 'm truly grateful i did my own research and changed the plan .
oh , i wo n't be returning here .
ive been coming here for over 3 years now .
pros : doctors are nice and helpful .
assistants are great at blood draws and pleasant , kind .
cons : absolutely horrible communication regarding payments and insurance .
front staff is rude and does not know how to explain anything regarding insurance .
never told me there was a check in time and an appointment time .
never calls back when they say they will .
ca n't keep track of client history .
is my mental health really that much a priority to them ?
obviously i will be finding a new doctors office .
one of the most uncomfortable , unprofessional experiences i have ever had .
but , i paid what i was told what i owed .
then out of the blue , they billed me for over three hundred dollars .
there was no reason why , just a bill .
save yourself some trouble and go somewhere else .
the worse service i had ever received .
save your stress level and pick a different office
the staff is nice , but the wait times are *ridiculous* .
my husband saw dr. bradford 14 years ago and had a wonderful experience .
it 's a shame that the medical profession has lost all compassion and understanding .
there is no paul b , owner .
the practice is owned by dr. bellota and her husband dr. a. bist .
unethical behavior should not be tolerated .
i have screenshot and documented all correspondence with this office .
do not accuse me of making things up .
my appointments were all 5 mins long !
do not comment on my mental health .
do not assume i expect to be cured overnight .
first , do no harm !
that 's a medical malpractice suit waiting to happen .
this just adds on to the incredibly unprofessional and subpar treatment i received .
the beaurocracy here is absurd .
i have nothing nice to say about their service .
if i could give this business a zero , i would .
i had extreme dizziness being on their program .
it was to the point that i could hardly go to work .
i saw two different doctors and they confirmed it was due to the program .
my experience was not as positive as that of the other reviewers .
he seemed rushed and disinterested .
i 'll give you a referral . ''
and then he was gone .
he practically left skid marks .
he was a real jerk with no bedside manner at all .
i felt sorry for the women working in his office ; they seemed nice .
he was a real asshat .
have had to use them for just about 2 years for regular supplies .
both derms suggested i increase the rx .
i would n't recommend spectrum to anyone .
just remember that this is your journey and your child .
who enjoys seeing negative online reviews and ratings about his or her business ?
is now heading towards an evening appt . !
they said they were still pending insurance verification .
why does this process take so long ?
so , i waited another week or so and i called them again .
( when was somebody going to call me and let me know this ? )
there is no available appointment time .
i never heard back from them again , so i called them again .
this is where i am done .
i will find a place that can manage it 's business office .
your office practices have caused a serious delay in my son 's care .
0 stars is more like it .
new parents , do n't waste your time this place is a joke .
this happens to my husband and i every time .
are you kidding me !
i called my location for the document for a reason !
providers are wonderful but do n't expect to see the same provider ever .
even if you schedule out , something always seems to go wrong here .
again do n't waste your time with this awful staff .
wish i did not have to rate this office .
sending us to the 3rd dr to see if someone can correct it .
dr knows both hips are having issues but wants the insurance money first .
they are interested in money and only money .
your first visit is just a questionnaire which you would normally fill out yourself .
i should have left then .
he is all about money .
this is total bs as many of you know who are on adderall .
i asked do you give them medical treatment other than the chiro treatmen .
i was like wtf dude !
like helllooo , i am so sorry i wanted soup .
worst experience ever with a psychiatrist .
and he is a therapist ?
i tried to discuss symptoms with him when he suddenly announced i was depressed .
i am not depressed .
i have extreme anxiety .
do n't waste your money or what is left of your sanity .
never ever go here .
i had two different tests done here .
this place is an absolute joke .
there are many other places in town , go there .
wish i had read the other yelp reviews of people with similar experiences .
stay far away from this office .
had a horrendous experience just trying to make an appointment .
this is my first introduction to this office .
i finally got the receptionist and she said i needed a referral .
i explained i have a ppo plan that does not require referral .
when i questioned her , she hung up on me !
i find this behavior rude and unprofessional .
why should making an appointment be this difficult .
i was referred by a pediatrician to see this md .
i am new to the area and i had no idea what to expect .
i had reserved my judgment of the area -- -they could be good .
my first visit was good , but odd .
i was not told i would see a physician assistant until i arrived-not cool .
i am trying to go with the universe .
i did my labs on the property-yes !
and when you ask questions to the staff , they know nothing .
i just ca n't with them .
my health insurance listed them as an in network doctor .
thank the heavens i do not need referrals .
i am going back to the one medical group .
shows they did n't care about my business ! ! !
do n't dare go to this hell hole .
they ripped me off and the owner is a liar .
its been 6 months and my mouth is still in pain .
i have filed with the state board over my situation .
save yourself heartache and aggravation ... do n't go here .
i had a membership and recently canceled .
my therapist was very pleasant , and it started out great .
it did n't happen .
i was very disappointed and it was the worst massage i 've ever had .
it 's saturday , not a phone call or follow up to be had .
let 's be honest , shopping at marc 's is awful .
they have the most inconsistent inventory ever .
but the absolute worst part is check out .
and what the hell is up with their bags ? ? ?
how is that cost saving ?
in sum , marcs -- the necessary evil for the cheapskate shopper like me .
what an awful experience today at this visionworks location .
talk about zero personality .
honestly , i think the whole experience was a crock .
horrendous place to go too ! !
probably not even real doctors .
bad experience with a female dentist there .
the female doctor there is lazy .
it was so painful that the horrible pain kept me up all night .
i would not recommend her to anybody !
not ever going there again !
definitely suggest retraining bad attitudes only get you so far ... ... never again
the place is clean and the staff is cordial .
they are not about serving their patients .
i have been going to the 4c medical group for quite a while now .
he 's a child .
they get sick sick .
i wish i could give this dental practice zero stars .
very sarcastic also , in an failing attempt to be funny .
then finally they did and mailed my mom her check .
new dentist likes to recommend unnecessary dental work to everyone .
i highly recommend anywhere else .
i called 2/22/18 to make an appointment .
i gave them all my info to get prequalified for my procedure .
was told i would get a call back the same day .
completely unprepared for thanksgiving rush .
every department in disarray .
the office staff is either incompetent , or they just do n't care .
not just a delayed response , zero response .
last time it was 1.5 hours .
dr. aragon seems knowledgeable , but i find her cold and distracted .
does n't make eye contact , does n't seem like she 's really listening .
office is officially closed .
it 's been a nightmare .
my daughter starts allergy shots soon .
so far the office has been great to work with .
one lady turned to another and said they 'd been waiting 90 minutes .
well , to be accurate , 57 minutes .
( yes ) and then asks if it 's metal ?
and i just look at him very level .
and i tell him , very quietly , `` no .
i do n't have any extraneous metal hair ties . ''
this comedy show goes on for a while .
at no time does he come in and say anything .
like- did we have to start over ?
did something go wrong ?
at no time did he offer assistance .
well , no it was n't .
i know , because i can math .
good job , simonmed .
i was highly recommend to dr cummings in this group .
he did not order any diagnostic imaging for the first 3 months .
i was only prescribed physical therapy .
when that failed he ordered mri imaging for my elbow only .
over 6 months later i got surgery on my elbow only .
when that failed to produce real results he suggested injections in my shoulder .
do n't even think about using them for any work related injury .
not worth a single star !
not the greatest service here .
the meat and seafood departments rock but the others , not so much .
i have so many of those stories where people just do n't care .
the one on the strip is superb .
they have their a game going , too many tourists not to .
there is a wonderful lady at check out counter in henderson .
i 'm going to get her name .
she 's happier than a pig in mud every time i go to her .
she makes my trip to whole foods worth it .
always smiling and happy to have a job .
dr. sabouri is a great dr. and person .
i gave been a patient for glaucoma treatment .
i cancelled my appointment for july , manager refuses to return my phone calls .
dr. wellish , your reputation going down for $ 15 .
do n't buy a groupon from this place !
my group of friends & i got screwed !
we were under the impression that there were several employees who could provide service .
first of all : `` vom fass '' ? !
what did you just say ?
and i 'm 30 years old .
fortunately , i heard about this place through word of mouth .
to me , this felt like a pretty disingenuous business strategy .
just do your homework before you buy !
i didnt see one white person in sight .
the produce looked ok ... . i would buy that if it was on sale..
stay away from this pharmacy .
i would give it zero stars if i could .
the medication came and the capsule is over 1 cm long .
i asked for a small courtesy discount , they refused .
wished i could give no stars .
1. clothes on during massage .
2. mandatory tipping 3. no one speaks english ! ! !
4. not licensed masseuse 5. unprofessional beware ... do not waste your money .
my friends and i will never revisit this place again .
i cant tell you how awful this was .
i was `` seen '' yesterday .
1 ) i cant rate a doctor i did not see !
recently moved to a new town , new vet .
called roadrunner to change contact information , shipping address and credit card information .
vet then called in our order .
dog just had a checkup .
vet called in order already .
taking our business elsewhere .
would make ordering so much easier for everyone .
save your money and go elsewhere !
my lashes coming into this place looked so much better .
i did n't understand .
she claimed it was because she did a classic set on me .
regardless , i usually always get classics done and they never looked like this .
they were so short and spaced out .
3 days later everyone ... smh..
came in at 6 pm and was seen at 12 am .
does n't make any sense .
once i had to tell him what i think he should be prescribing me .
i do not trust this facility with my healthcare at all .
this place is a joke .
my advice is to run , find another doctor .
anything is better than this .
the front office staff was very professional .
the reason i see a professional is to get there professional opinion .
i 've never been charged extra to receive this information .
she then proceeded to touch the protective plastic that went into my mouth .
somehow things got worse .
no cash out , i asked what happened .
they said the bank system was down all day .
i find it odd that they were n't telling people that from the beginning .
especially since it had been happening all day .
i heard talecris was better and had better new donor fees as well .
fyi watch the pharmacy techs max and brenda .
she does not communicate well at the drive thru window .
she has messed up our prescriptions in the past .
god forbid you call her out on the phone she yells and becomes argumentative .
brenda is mostly there during the day avoid her .
will not ever go back there .
we are now in may and still do n't have my glasses .
i have been dealing with headaches and having to work straining my vision .
all because of the lack of responsibility and professionalism of this place .
i wish i would 've read the reviews prior to giving them a try .
waiting a month and half for it is unacceptable .
i asked for a refund but was told that all sales are final .
do n't waste your money , time or energy here
i have been a patient of dr. sparks for over 10years .
i have been on physical disability for 22 + years .
2017 was the first year i asked for a pain med ever !
so i went to the pain doctor .
after she parted ways with ( humana ? )
she changed her practice .
she became holistic , and blames all sicknesses of any kind on gluten intolerance .
she pushes homeopathic medication that she sells her self .
updated-after i saw the doctor ?
they ended up finally taking me to the back to see the doctor .
and i waited another 35 minutes and still no doctor .
i ended up walking out as i stated before i had work .
these ppl are a joke !
u might catch their laziness , incompetence and stupidity .
sucks does n't it ?
so what happens now ?
did they warn me ?
it took me over 30 minutes to fill out the paperwork .
yeah she was extremely helpful ... .can u read my sarcasm ? ? ?
so yes i 've been waiting over 40 minutes now to see the doctor .
am i going to be late to work ... .no why ?
i 'm not waiting past another 30 minutes to see the doctor .
cuz that is over an hour that once waited for the doctor .
and i think that is enough .
they should have warned me to come in earlier to fill out the paperwork .
they should have done a lot of things differently .
but i would not be holding my breath .
we did a walk in .
been here several times before with ok service .
it 's been 3 hours now and still 2 people ahead of us .
i had a horrible experience with dr gross .
i would never recommend him and i hope others stay away .
this place is a joke .
i remember when it opened and they were so accommodating .
i used to live around here but now i dont live close .
so i do n't go often .
i walked in today and was on the phone .
coco said `` it 's okay there 's no one here '' .
she asked how long did i want .
then before i could answer she said do you have an appointment ?
i told her no .
i am so pissed .
what kind of company turns away customers .
worst customer service ever .
to make matters worse , the next morning one of her brackets fell off .
was n't that the point of the mold during the first visit ?
at this point , i am so confused .
why would we expect her wire to fall out again ?
and why is it my job to fix it ?
her orthodontist takes an hour and a half to even enter the room .
i have so many concerns and questions at this point .
why isnt the orthodontist more involved with her patients ?
why are dental assistants doing all of the work ?
there is absolutely no communication at all .
it has been a complete nightmare ! !
i was expecting so much more .
i 've just decided to contact the better business bureau .
i would not go back here and would not recommend this dentist !
the patient portal is very useful .
$ 50 is excessive ... but there is value in it if used correctly .
my complaint is the communication or lack thereof .
i 've seen dr. goldman and my wife has seen dr. archabeck .
the doctors are great ... their staff is not .
also ... here 's a negative to the portal .
we received a call from the office to call back asap .
every time i go for a cleaning have a new cavity !
( you 're right because i wo n't be back ! )
after going to another dentist he didnt find any cavities !
so what was the dr going to fill if there were no cavities !
will not be back !
i ordered a vanilla smoothie with almond milk and vegan protein .
umm , excuse me , did i ask for sugar free ?
they should have told me it was sugar free before selling it to me .
they laughed at me .
i am so disappointed in their lack of customer service .
i ended up throwing the second drink away - awful taste .
i 'd probably get better nutrition eating bark off of the tree outside .
you could n't pay me enough money to ever come back to this place .
if i could give no stars i would .
a lot of `` i do n't knows '' .
front staff very very rude , unorganized and unprofessional .
i was very surprised because sante spa in mission is the exact opposite !
this medical facility is an utter disasterous joke .
then today it was reported to me by my pharmacist that my d.o.b .
was incorrect on their records received from wfp .
my family has been going to this practice for more than 10 years .
depression ca n't wait .
this practice has become machine .
get in line and wait to get processed thru .
does the doctor get a kickback ?
i had already informed him of my current brand which is fantastic .
eye doctor tried to push back on this brand he suggested a second time .
i said i would try , once i put them on they sucked .
the lenses i have are silicone hydrogel .
finally he said they would order them .
he changed the damn script on me .
so we had to look through the lenses again .
i think they got a trial box .
i only came here because my eye insurance changed .
never again , i 'm going back to central phoenix eye care .
i 'm changing employers and insurance anyway , might as well lump this in .
i wo n't be back .
this review is for our experience 9/2015 .
no problems setting an appointment or being seen in a timely fashion .
i decided to just go somewhere else to fill the cavity .
and now my wife has to wait again ! ! ?
and walmart is faster and they give you a courtesy call .
last time i will be here .
i do not recommend this place .
if there was a no star button i would 've gave it no star .
waste of my damn time .
and i paid in full right away .
now the worst part for me is trying to get a refund from him !
`` , just because i said that i felt i should do a review !
what a terrible dr ! !
we brought our toddler in with thrush .
the website is substandard by 1992 standards .
there are forms for download , but they are the wrong forms !
my wife and i were going to be seen here because we live close .
she said , `` probably not '' .
i told her that my wife wanted to be evaluated for braces .
we would have had to re-register with a whole new dentist .
the ledgers are completely in medical coding , mind you .
not to mention that she asked extremely personal questions to everybody that walked in .
`` are you married ? ''
`` what happened to your girlfreind ? ''
`` what do you do for a living '' etc .
this dentist office is bad .
so , so bad .
edit : this review was meant for the office on desert inn road .
worst bowling alley i 've ever been to .
the lane was extremely greasy , way to much .
the bowling balls were covered and grip of the ball was limited .
it was about 90 degrees inside .
i hit the help button after our lane froze up and nobody came .
( it was us ) .
bad experience all around .
bought the groupon for $ 15.00 .
wo n't be going back .
however , this surprisingly was n't what made me find another dentist .
worst dr office i have ever been to !
if i could give less than one star i would !
now i 'm told there are two people ahead of me !
the same thing happened when they did my colonoscopy .
they did n't even start the procedure until 4 ; 15 !
this appears to be a pattern now !
my time is valuable as well ! ! !
if you have a choice use someone else who perhaps respects their patients !
do n't do it folks , it is noting but one huge headache .
ps amanda - i am not wasting my time reaching out .
please feel free to have someone from your office contact me .
brooke d. can let you know how to reach me .
your life is worth way more then a bill .
they checked me out , said i had a uti and sent me home .
again i went back to mountain view .
where upon telling them my symptoms they told me i was deyhrated .
i had just told the nurse i was unable to keep anything down .
it was even hot to the touch .
but no one touched me .
that day i researched my symptoms online .
i concluded i had appendicitis .
but twice i was told by medical staff that this was normal .
but i knew in my heart that it wasnt .
so that night i made the decision to go to another hospital .
i was rushed into emergency surgery .
i had a c-section and my appendicitis removed .
after mine and my child 's recovery we went back to mountain view .
you decide for yourself .
does n't even deserve one star .
my sister had genetic testing and found out she had lynch syndrome .
wait until i get a chance to speak with them face to face .
my guess is we are not the first family to experience this .
the most rudest staff and filthiest facility i have ever laid eyes on .
not to mention they gossip and laugh about patients diagnosis .
i really like tom willim which is why i give 2 stars .
the office however is like dealing with a bureaucracy .
no one is treated as an individual just another number coming in the door .
they do not listen .
i am so disappointed - really disappointed .
now i may have to search elsewhere .
really - they need to be reminded that their field includes compassion and caring .
do not go here ! ! ! !
i think their reviews are by their employees .
and said , 'no , i looked longer than i normally would ' .
i asked for a refund and left .
i am reporting him to the medical board .
its a terriable allergic reaction , not scabies .
i ca n't believe this man is licensed to practice medicine .
only one star because i had to , but o say zero
now i 'm super annoyed .
one of my prescriptions was called in for the wrong dosage .
i kept checking with the pharmacy .
called both yesterday and twice today .
it has not been corrected , nor have i received a call back .
i never was able to speak with anyone or make an appointment .
after reading the other reviews here , i think i will choose another pcp .
was referred here by my orthopedic surgeon .
suppose to have an appointment with kayla .
kristin willis of planet beach is the reason i 'm writing this negative review .
she refused and said i can help you im the manager .
i left and will never return .
the staff that works the front desk are always super welcoming and friendly .
with that being said , the pharmacy is a totally different ball game .
i went in the other day , needing something from behind that counter .
ugh , are you kidding ?
never going to this specific pharmacy again .
i had very high out of pocket costs .
i do not recommend going to this clinic .
if you are in a hurry , forget about it at this place .
that is all i can say .
this is a long review so stay with me !
i began to see dr. deka for my first pregnancy in october .
before i had even met the doctor that would be delivering my baby .
fine , i thought .
this was my appointment with the np .
the next app was with dr. deka herself .
she seemed nice , knowledgeable and genuine .
ok , i thought , doc knows best right ? ) .
all we covered was that i want a natural birth .
she did not seem interested in anything else i had to say .
day of the delivery : i went into labor at 39 weeks .
my contractions were getting stronger and coming faster .
the nurse was pissed .
dr. deka was pissed .
i did n't care .
my labor was progressing normally and naturally .
she even called it a `` textbook '' delivery .
sounds like some money making tricks to me .
the front office is the best part of the entire practice in my opinion .
they answer your questions , are pleasant and remembered me every time .
it 's the only reason i 'm leaving a two star review .
and no one did .
either way , really terrible customer service and phone skills .
we will never return .
was told this place was amazing and i will never return or recommend .
made me wait two hours and were nothing but rude the entire time .
almost walked out several times .
visited twice and they got nothing done both times .
would n't wish this place on my worst enemies .
beware : unprofessional and in it for the money .
she never asked when i spoke to her on the phone .
her attitude about it was very accusatory and rude .
why would i pay out of pocket ?
they were n't needed and my insurance only covers one every 3 years .
i wasted time there and was not able to get a cleaning .
simply because she wanted money to do an x-ray .
i 'm glad i figured this out before having them get near my mouth .
now i get a message they have reinstated blue cross ?
what 's up , warner practice !
this was my first time visiting a psychiatrist .
i came in seeking help for anxiety and depression .
then she asked which one i think i have ?
and the treatment plan ?
`` there are mood stabilizers and anti-depressants .
here 's what each one does .
which do you think you want or need ? ''
nut shell fragments in my salad almost caused serious dental problems .
we are not talking about large , obvious pistachio shells .
would not come here again .
i ca n't inspect every single bite before i eat it .
eating is a major hassle if i have to do that .
do n't go with the older guy with glasses .
he kept falling asleep during my one hour foot massage .
bought a vegan cake for my sons birthday .
asked if they could write happy birthday on it .
woman tells me ca n't i 'm not a cake decorator .
this store gives zero shits about the customer experience .
they are sending me away and really acting like i am bothering them here !
btw there is nobody else here , not like they 're busy or anything .
just wanted some help and this urgent care failed 100 % .
i have n't had a great experience here .
i didnt even get a crappy prescription for my pain .
so waiting for the weeklong process was uneccesary .
i honestly feel neglected because i 'm generally 'young ' and 'healthy ' .
otherwise it would be $ 50 .
my dental hygienist also put barely any effort at all into cleaning my teeth .
i do n't know if it 's because it was around lunch or what .
one of the most horrible receptionist i have encountered .
her name is tram .
awful , unproffesional , rude , impolite .
taking my business somewhere else because of her !
all they care about is your money .
do n't waste your time and money .
they do n't try to help you .
they 're the worst .
we went to elixir with high hopes given their menu and approach to food .
we arrived and were one of two groups in the entire restaurant .
when the food came it was pretty good .
the only guests in her new restaurant and could n't come out .
i ca n't even begin to wrap my head around that kind of mentality .
then to not come out and introduce herself under these circumstances - just mindblowing .
to have a brand new restaurant opening and not want to come out and greet
we planned a girls day for a friend 's birthday .
they were fairly unapologetic about it .
they need to get it together .
their services are way too expensive to have to deal with all the drama .
save your money and your time , go somewhere else .
during this time , some movement in his lower teeth occurred .
he also stated this was all because my son was not wearing the retainer .
i went to this provider about 3 years ago .
i had my teeth cleaned 5 times within 8 months .
the other dentist i went to was awesome .
i told the dentist that the first cleaning was fine .
then she would charge my insurance as a teeth cleaning .
so she said i needed 3 deep cleanings .
that would be 9 visits .
my insurance would only cover 2 cleanings .
so after the second cleaning , which was the other side of my mouth .
i had to pay full price which was around 150.00 dollars or more .
i still have all the receipts of all the over payments !
i was referred onto dr. yasmin ismail-juma .
on a separate instance , she messed up the routine filling job .
then to fix her error , she offered to perform a free root canal .
beware : i feel demeaned , can not trust yasmin ismail-juma .
shame on the dental practice !
i was visiting las vegas and desperately needed a mani-pedi and a bikini wax .
based on reviews , today nails looked like a good prospect .
really ? ? ! !
extra fee to take off gel polish .
extra cost to cut down nails .
extra fee to do ombr gel on nails .
then made them wait 40 minutes or more .
an expensive lesson learned !
i do n't know but seems fishy , wo n't be back .
then they want to prescribe medication that alter your state of mind .
culinary uses them as a main provider .
it 's a cash cow for harmony .
avoid them do your research .
do yourself a favor .
today was the last straw !
the markings created were not wiped off/removed .
overall i would not recommend going here for anything .
my wife went for a cleaning .
they said she needed a deep cleaning and would not do a regular cleaning .
we paid $ 95 for a smile save plan .
i 've asked for a refund and disputed the charge .
i feel like they were trying to rip us off with the deep cleaning .
i 'll be upfront ... i really do n't like no frills .
but sometimes the price is too good to pass up .
ataulfo mango for 30 cents each ? ?
then i remember that i do n't like no frills .
dr. sakias it 's very unprofessional and very cocky .
his staff was rude they left me in the room with no explanation .
also i supposed to have a prescription nobody ever called it in .
a doctor that ca n't read an mri disk .
dr. j. phillipp is a great dentist , very friendly and professional .
i highly recommend this office for the nice synergy the whole office has !
together with their agape team are caring , professional , thorough and knowledgeable .
each visit is carefully tailored to your current state of being and needs .
the doctors have always been super nice .
my daughter had stitches done , and she was a nervous wreck .
it was very nice .
we have had a wonderful experience with dr. beals treating our son .
i love this place !
this store carries products that i ca n't find anywhere else besides online .
organized , clean , and a huge selection .
best service i 've been in las vegas !
everyone are so nice !
and all the design are perfect
i so disagree with a couple of the reviews i read .
she is very detailed and shows concern regarding all aspects of my health .
i have referred several people to her .
only one word - fantastic !
his staff is excellent , and his art in dentistry and patient care unsurpassed .
cut and dried - dr. goth was outstanding .
he is the man to see in the pittsburgh area .
anthony `` tony '' walker and jennifer hannon are a great team .
they really know their stuff .
beyond knowing their stuff is their continual dialogue with patients .
then we would get into planning for that day and going forward .
i was involved in the therapy .
and we continued in this joint planning over a month of treatments .
good resource for most all of us .
she is a great technician to boot !
i needed a quick appointment and did n't want to wait several weeks .
i took a gamble and picked first available , which was dr. chuang .
i could n't have disagreed more on the negative reviews .
both valley ent and dr. chuang were professional , courteous , thorough and friendly .
i will enthusiastically recommend both to anyone looking for quality healthcare .
i strongly endorse them .
yes , this is as good as it gets !
the whole staff is very professional , kind and accommodating .
not to mention happy !
the hygienists are just the best , as are all the staff .
i highly recommend this whole office to anyone needing work done !
you will not be disappointed .
honestly she did n't even go over it all the way with the laser .
there 's quite a bit of the tattoo that 's untouched .
i 'll be going somewhere else for the remainder .
dr. bang is by far the best chiropractor i 've ever been to .
we actually did n't start adjusting joints until my 4th visit !
my experience with dr. malek has been nothing short of fantastic .
dr. malek was kind while retaining a very professional demeanor .
everything was very upfront .
there were zero hidden charges or unexpected costs .
the results are incrdible .
today my friend and i came in for a body massage .
let me tell you !
very relaxing and clean .
i did n't get my misuses name but she did a fantastic job .
i am so happy my friend and i chose this place .
i highly recommend this chandler crossroads me .
it 's clean and inviting .
the front staff are very helpful , polite and always have a smile on .
rooms are clean and welcoming .
there are plenty of therapists each with their own strengths and all very competent .
i always look forward to my next visit .
check this place out .
you 'll leave relaxed and well taken care of .
all of the dentists and staff are so professional and kind .
we absolutely recommend this to all of our family and friends .
he is the nicest , most caring sweet attentive doctor i 've ever seen !
i do n't know what i would do without him !
michael tucker is the best !
yes it might just be rice and steamed greens but their sauces enhance everything .
when i come for healthy vegan food , that 's all i really want .
i just wish there was somewhere like this in calgary .
woke up earlier this week with a crazy case of torticollis .
went to the joint on wednesday , thursday , and friday ( today ) .
quick , easy adjustments and i 'm back to *almost* 100 % .
today , i mentioned offhand that i 've had tmj for 3 weeks .
two seconds of adjustments and bam it 's fixed !
what the heck ? !
why did n't i ask about this before ? !
i have a good time here .
i was kind of upset that my previous dentist left .
i wish they would have sent an email or something letting me know .
the staff is really nice .
overall , great atmosphere ! ! !
what 's to say !
it 's a grocery store with what ya need downtown .
pvsec was amazing when our family dog was attacked by a deer .
the staff and doctors were wonderful .
would highly recommend this clinic to care for your furry friend .
every member of the staff is extremely friendly and courteous .
very professional , very clean and modern , even relaxing !
headphones for the tv ?
they use a three-part numbing process so i 've never had issues with pain .
wow ... no reviews on here yet ?
i am surprised ... i love this gym .
i like a lot of gyms , but i love this gym !
my husband had similiar results .
thanks bobby ... from all of us !
i ca n't wait to see what we look like on our wedding anniversary !
i have been here countless times and keep coming back .
all of my friends are hooked too .
delicious salads , bowls , burgers , wraps , and desserts -- all vegan !
always busy but totally worth it .
i love this place !
i bought another weighing scale just to double check , lol ! !
well because i ca n't believe it !
i came almost everyday & i love all the coaches !
i was very impressed by this optometrist .
definitely one of the best optometry experiences i 've had !
i 've been going to touch of life for a few months now .
james is an excellent massage therapist .
ask about their specials when you make an appointment .
they offer pretty good package deals .
dr vicuna is fabulous !
she was very thorough and did n't mind me asking a million questions .
lol she is very patient .
the office staff is very nice and is really on top of things .
i 'd definitely recommend the peoria , az location !
never once was i approached or pressured to join the gym .
i felt very relaxed and it was much needed .
i hate and i do mean hate going to the dentist .
however dr. dachs and his team always makes my visit a pleasant one .
the entire staff from the receptionist to the hygienist , to the dr 's .
have all been very wonderful and patient with a wimp like me .
you will be pleasantly surprised !
this is the most wonderful place to go .
you can get all of your needs met .
it 's all here .
no more 2 , 3 or 4 different places .
dr mary montes and her assistant chelsea are phenomenal .
you get a live person when you call !
they call you back !
i would give this office 10 stars if i could .
i went to the kids doctors office .
my daughter really like it .
the office and rooms had all different kinds of themes throughout .
i think i 'm also gon na bring my little brother here too .
how can you not love trader joe 's ?
everyone is eager to help and answer any questions that you may have .
the prices on their produce is great .
their prices are pretty hard to beat !
the waiting room is fun and inviting for kids of all ages .
and that 's not even counting the amazing work they did on their teeth !
great service , nice looking store !
good prices & service !
have tried the others and will always keep coming back exhale nevada ! !
the best optometrist in vegas .
much better then lenscrafters !
she explained my sight problems and found great new frames great staff !
i will definitely come back !
they recommended me to dr. daccache , who is great by the way .
and that 's when i knew i had to switch to bella smiles .
i definitely trust them with my teeth to tell you the least !
i had a great experience with my sessions .
greg was very friendly and explained every step of the process .
i felt very comfortable during my visits and got great results !
i have had amazing results ! ! !
other than that , they are great !
we were just in arizona visiting family and stopped by this nutrishop .
this is my place to go when needing a massage .
the place is lovely , the staff is amazing and never disappoints me .
i avoided seeing a doctor because i did n't want surgery .
this is my wonderful experience to share with you !
first i ask friend to suggest for reliable and expert skill dentist i need .
this is the fast speed for my dental experience ever have .
best suggestion and share !
questionable from the outside as plain ; but once inside , it is perfect .
clean , great layout , beautiful employees that do a magnificent job .
would definitely recommend and would go back for sure .
i got a male pedicure and my wife and friend received mani-pedis .
by far the best dentist i have ever had .
its too bad i 'm at san francisco now .
dr. hood and staff are super friendly and easy to work with .
dr. hood is gentle and effective .
he is attentive to problems and always listens before he drills !
roadrunner pharmacy has given me consistently first-rate service for two years now .
their prices are reasonable , service via ups delivery is lightning fast .
thank you , roadrunner !
from the moment we walked in we were greeted and checking in went smoothly .
the staff is awesome .
totally making us feel comfortable .
i am very pleased and will definitely be my place for dentistry .
brand shiny new store .
new stores are always fun to explore .
wholes foods are even more fun to explore .
i had a good experience in this store .
i work very close to this area at times .
the store is clean and well organized .
so far so good , thumbs up .
the nicest people you will ever meet .
i am a doctor 's wife and a horrible , high stress patient .
dr krispel and meadows retina is the best choice in vegas , period .
i 've had retina procedures done elsewhere and there is no comparison .
very skilled but also very gentle .
the summerlin location was convenient and the wait time was super reasonable .
5 stars without any doubt .
love this place best massage ever , very clean .
they do a great job with the deep tissue massage very relaxing .
i absolutely love smoothie king and this one is in such a convenient location !
most days it 's a wee bit pricey but totally worth it .
$ 5 and $ 6 32 oz smoothies on fridays !
i 'd highly recommend any of the greek yogurt meal replacements !
this place is amazing ! ! !
the doctors and staff are so friendly and made me feel comfortable .
it 's safe to say i found my forever dentist !
i will be sending all my family and friends .
amazing quality and service !
the whole staff is so nice and helpful !
ok guys i have been around this town and honestly this place is fantastic !
it is very clean and i cant wait to be back .
she massaged and gently manipulated my neck at the c5-c6 level .
she 's awesome i 'm so happy i found her !
thankfully my wife forced me to try the joint .
i have to give praise to dr. jimmy who has been on point .
i absolutely love it .
the staff is always friendly and very understanding .
i highly recommend this place .
so far so good .
great price great work !
always able to get me in quick .
i always feel better after leaving .
dr roach does a really good job .
***attention locals ! ! !
*** this place was incredible !
it was such a great idea !
the outside looks a little plain and so does the decor inside .
they were quite but extremely polite .
yes there 's a bit of a language barrier .
however , they were wonderful !
the rooms were dark so we did n't really get to see .
we did the 40min manager special , full body massage .
we both had trouble staying awake .
we tipped well because they most certainly deserved it .
overall : highly recommend !
do n't miss out because of location .
this is a place to drive to !
he has great bedside manner and makes you feel relaxed .
i am down about 15 pounds .
ca n't argue with that .
came here battling my third kidney stone in two years .
you guys/gals are awesome !
my mother is 89 years old and lives alone .
the caregivers are so compassionate and has given me much peace of mind !
office on miles road is friendly and thorough .
i scheduled my next appointment .
this little cottage is tucked away in the back .
the sign is easy to spot .
the owner is always so helpful in finding what we need .
there is a room of wall to wall high quality spices and herbal teas .
our favorites are cayenne , tumeric and hawthorn berries .
i really believe in ancient remedies .
worth a look see !
i spoke with them on friday , the compounded drug arrived on tuesday .
great service , nice help , impressive prices .
my first ever purchase at the optic zone was a great experience .
i ca n't say enough wonderful things about her .
everyone i 've had contact with here has been great .
i also got a facial here last month and was very pleased as well .
also , they have a point earning system which i just learned about .
one of my favorite spas !
are you a mom who thinks getting a cat nap in is luxury ?
i went for electrolysis with maria , the owner .
she is very quick .
she even had time to treat my broken capillaries and cherry angiomas .
the staff is friendly and professional .
the facility is clean and modern .
the doctors are very knowledgeable and helpful .
i would definitely recommend this to other friends and family .
i have been a client of quan 's for over 10 years .
he is a wonderful massage therapist .
he has helped me with shoulder and knee pain .
he is a wonderful person who charges a fair amount for his services .
the office staff are very friendly and helpful .
i enjoy having my teeth cleaned , i know kinda crazy .
laurie does a great job and i will see her again in 6 month .
dr fedoriw was so personable and thorough .
went to this location for the first time .
i had nicole , who was wonderful .
she really listened to my requests for pressure and where my problem areas were .
tipped her extra for being so good !
she gave me several samples and really listened to my preferences .
brenda is simply incredible .
i highly recommend her ! !
went in today for the first time .
the ladies at the front were exceptionally polite and personable .
i was immediately taken back .
everyone was so sweet to me .
i will definitely be back .
i 'm so excited to post my before and after pictures .
you 've gotten a life time patient !
i 'm a goodlife member , and have been for years and years .
ya do n't mess with a girls ' schedule & routine !
it 's only a bonus the trainers actually work out themselves !
i 'm not a cardio bunny .
i want a challenge , i want someone to show me something new .
they 're the real deal .
i am in love with this place .
i have to admit .
the staff here is pretty freakin ' amazing .
there is a lot to be said about chenin orthodontics .
i was a patient of dr. stephen chenin back in my early 20 's .
i still had their phone number memorized !
they had moved to a new location and it is a wonderful facility .
the staff is always pleasant and accommodating .
i signed up for text message appointment reminders .
they have contests and programs to keep the patients involved .
you will not be disappointed .
update : i went back for more and i feel great !
: ) thanks you guys ! ! ! !
i appreciate the relief ! !
i just got finished with my therapy after 4 months .
i have to say that i will miss tara and staff greatly .
they helped me through so much .
when i first came in they treated me kindly and professionally .
i truly appreciate all the help and care they gave me .
i will continue to keep exercising at home with what i learned .
tara & her crew were amazing .
i miss you guys and thank you for taking such great care of me !
dr. patel is very personable and the staff very friendly and caring .
what a great place to take your family !
super nice and professional staff .
i 've been going to mt .
they are very professional and give great service ! ! !
abbie is easy to work with and such a professional .
i 'll highly recommend her for anyone seeking a massage therapist
members at chenin orthodontics are beyond friendly , professional , caring , and helpful .
you guys are the best !
i have n't had a workout yet that i walked away feeling unchallenged .
what i do like is that the workouts vary from class to class .
i hate cursing and the disparaging comments that often come along with it .
being vulgar does n't make me feel more like a fighter .
my only con is this .
i would like them to offer another option for their classes .
it seems it 's just one deal with $ 99 for unlimited classes .
dr. gawley is the best .
he completed my reconstruction post double mastectomy .
i could not be happier with my final results .
dr. gawley was consistently available for questions both before and after the surgery .
he turned something very scary into an uplifting ( no pun intended ) experience .
his staff is friendly , yet professional .
the staff is also knowledgeable and discreet which is greatly appreciated .
what is n't awesome about this store ? ! ? ! ? !
hands down the best organic grocery/household/beauty product location in downtown toronto .
there also my favourite part of the store ... the beauty section .
with a huge variety of different eco-friendly brands .
vitamins , toothpaste , creams , lotions , perfumes , of all varieties .
i love running out of things because i get to make another trip there !
this place is great !
everyone is very friendly and helpful .
jason is an excellent massage therapist who listens to your needs .
they also have an infared sauna which has been wonderful for me post surgery .
this is a hidden gem with reasonable fees .
they also have chiropractic and acupunture services as well .
i feel comfortable and relaxed every time i walk in for my appointment .
they have so much advice and are knowledgeable about so many things .
i look forward to all monthly appointments !
jim wissing is amazing .
he has really helped my son so much after his motorcycle accident .
hes had so much less pain and stiffness without any drugs !
thank you jim and athletes for life !
what a blessing you are !
the treatment plan he has her on is working !
she really likes him a lot and says the office staff is friendly .
physiotherapy and associates on broadway has helped me through four surgeries .
i 've been here twice with years between .
both times there was great service by all staff .
i was seen promptly and the doctors were great .
this is a walk in clinic located inside the boxgrove medical arts center .
the receptionists , nurses and doctors are friendly .
so far i 'm down 55lbs and i 've never felt better .
i got microdermabrasion and a chemical peel and it made my skin look beautiful .
her prices are fair ... i will definitely be back !
went into the shop today and got broken glasses replaced .
janice and elizabeth were extremely helpful with picking out new frames ! ! ! !
i highly recommend dlk dental .
the dental office is modern and clean .
they do direct billing .
we had a warm welcome , big smiles all around .
i felt she really took time to provide excellent care .
probably the least painful from all my dental experiences .
the new patient special offer was a good offer .
i appreciate the follow-up care instructions .
dlk is going to be our family dentist from now on !
`` [ tom ] willim is the best provider i have ever had !
words ca n't even explain .
i love my provider .
he also led me through my first weightlifting competition which was a blast .
the staff and service at hessel park has been great .
dr. faught is personable , direct and honest .
dr. harouni has been an excellent doctor .
she 's one of the greatest doctor in las vegas .
she is very thorough every time i go to her office .
platinum medical clinic has been amazing .
i feel i 'm in good hands .
the staff is also very nice !
my eyelashes are amazing !
they look completely natural and my eyes look huge .
i really enjoyed my visit with sarah .
she explained the entire process and gave clear instructions for after care .
so happy with my visit .
i purchased a groupon in august to get my eyelashes done .
there were no appointments available until the end of september .
we reschedule for sunday - even though they are n't open sunday .
i reluctantly went ahead and made an appointment with them .
she does n't spend time writing in a notebook as i 'm talking .
i truly am not exaggerating about how wonderful this therapist is .
after every session with her , i feel like a whole new me .
the spa was cozy & the massage therapists were very professional and courteous .
we are definitely going back in the near future .
wow , ca n't believe someone gave this store such a terrible review .
as for the prices .
if you feel they are too high , do n't shop there !
also a good place to get healthy snacks and fruit .
great service , everything and everyone was professional .
will definitely come back !
the lady that gave me the massage was amazing !
solid , small , shop .
definitely recommend and will come back every time i visit vegas~~~ nothing more but a++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
i can not say enough great things about dr. jack and his staff !
actually , she giggled through her entire visit .
this man has truly changed my life in so many ways ! ! !
i am a totally different person thanks to his amazing technique .
i would highly recommend this highly gifted to man to everyone ! !
friendly and fast service .
all turned out well and i appreciated their care .
my first time going to get a foot detox and spa .
i will definitely be back .
this was my 1st time going to the eye doctor .
i saw ka-yan sandi cheung , o.d .
and she was great .
she 's very friendly and got me the perfect prescription for me .
i would recommend this office to my family and friends .
the staff is so nice and caring .
they are very professional and friendly .
this will be my eye doctor forever !
keep up your great service , you guys are awesome ! !
my family has used this er four times in the past 2 years .
once you get past the waiting room this is a decent er .
the paid staff ( docs , nurses , med assistants , etc . )
overall though , it 's a decent er .
what a huge relief .
but , it made a big difference for my dad and my family .
you ca n't buy moments like that - thanks easy medical store .
i also liked hearing that she is more into non-surgical solutions than surgery .
i left with many good ideas to think about .
so far so good .
i have been coming to this dentist for years and have felt comfortable here .
these doctors and pas are amazing .
first , you 'll notice that there 's no reception window .
the receptionists sit in the waiting room with ipads to check you in .
there are lots of local offices for this practice .
i 've only been to the chandler office .
personally , i 've found the doctors to be better than the pas .
my last visit was actually with dr. partridge .
i would definitely recommend these doctors to any woman .
we can not thank dr. tom enough for saving our girls life .
dr. tom was so concerned about our girl .
when our girl was slowly recovering dr. tom was so happy too .
this experience made me a true believer in dr. tom and his staff/facility .
our dogs are our children .
we only want the very best for them .
dr. tom is now seeing our dogs for their chiropractic needs too .
our dogs have always had chiropractic adjustments since we rescued each one of them .
dr. tom is fabulous !
very professional and attentive .
i appreciate the time they take to listen .
i particularly appreciate james the massage therapist .
my experience with melissa was nothing short of safe , educational and reassuring .
of knowledge and experience will provide you with the answers you are looking for .
it 's a rare treat to meet such a nice , accomplished professional .
i did not get the milk tea .
i came for the curry fish/beef balls .
it worked out , so that was all fine and dandy .
the curry here is surprisingly aromatic .
i would not liken this to chinese curry .
it smells more like a malaysian or indian curry ?
it 's spicy , in a leaves-your-tongue-tingly-after-eating kinda way .
they 've got a nice texture while being soft .
that was kinda cool .
this place is wonderful !
the staff are helpful and friendly .
highly recommend this place !
this place was amazing !
tried it out with a groupon deal and it exceeded my expectations .
they maximize the amount of massage time .
finally , someone that understands what is wrong and what i need .
i 'll continue seeing dr. zedek for the years to come .
i highly recommend this doctor .
the office was clean the staff was caring and attentive .
they used the latest technology and tips to administer the procedure .
i went to work the next day .
i can already see the results in my chin and my face looks fresh !
i will d be back for other treatments thank you
he was recomended by my allergist .
great bedside maner , and really steady hands .
my husband noticed that when we went in for my 1st post oper visit .
after discovering this i was happy to be led to tottori on charleston .
i love dr. sherman !
he is so amazing .
he has been treating me for about a year now .
he is very caring and genuine .
it makes me feel more assured and less stressed when leaving compared to tempe .
i recommend this place for sure : )
ian and amy are excellent at rehabilitating the most knotted up muscles .
mornings are enjoyable again ! ! !
i highly recommend pittsburgh massageworks to everyone .
pros : i ca n't find a better massage place than spring spa .
how 's that even possible ? !
anyways , super intense massage and i felt amazing afterwards .
con : just one .
please lower your prices ! !
i always get excellent care from randolph chiropractic !
from doctors to front desk , everyone is amazing !
if your looking for a chiropractor in the charlotte area , check them out !
i so appreciate the high level of customer service .
everyone is so friendly and focused on the patient .
it is important to allow staff the time to provide thorough care .
it was a really nice experience .
good ambience and relaxing massage .
friendly staff and i recommend this spa for sure .
my wife and i did the couples massage .
she fell asleep and i feel great .
wish i could take them home to indiana .
this oral surgeon is nothing short of amazing !
tooth extraction in less than 2 minutes .
awesome bedside manner and very friendly staff .
i will continue to be a loyal patient .
dr scarff is an amazing doctor .
i 've been seeing him since i moved from california to nevada .
he is very down to earth and makes me feel comfortable .
he 's very easy to communicate with and addresses all your questions .
i will definitely be seeing him with my next child .
100/100 best obgyn hands down .
can not say enough about dr early and his team .
every time i know i 'm getting the best care and personal attention .
i would n't go anywhere else .
my only complaint is the selection/cost of frames .
knowledgeable they explain everything step by step .
love the facy that there pretty much on time for a doctors office .
had a very good experience at this walk in clinic .
i only waited about 15 minutes before i saw the doctor .
dr. feld was very nice and professional .
i was pretty hesitant to try this place out due to the bad reviews .
plus they were able to fit me in last minute .
when i walked in i was immediately greeted and taken care of .
the facility is really nice and very relaxing .
the lighting and decor is perfect to get you de stressed .
amanda my therapist was great .
she was very informative about the services and the aromatherapy .
she was able to do some great work on my pain points .
amanda was attentive to me and made sure she was n't too rough .
i would recommend her and massage heights .
the quality i got for a $ 50 hour was impressive .
i will be back !
dr. lee goes above and beyond for her patients .
she 's concerned about their overall well-being .
i would highly recommend her to anyone looking for pain-relief or preventive care .
this place is great !
i was in vegas for a very typical reason ( bachelorette party..wooohooo ! )
and i ended up chipping my front tooth on the very first night there !
and i wanted to leave looking normal .
dr. tounian was very patient and very kind .
not only that , but the filling matches perfectly and feels great .
thank you dr. tounian !
ljiljana aleksic , o.d .
my go-to eye doctor !
thorough , on time , and patient .
friendly manner and professional staff .
they just opened a new location and it 's impressive .
all of the equipment is high quality and kept in great condition .
well worth the money .
ever want to play tag at 3:00 am ?
ever feel like a subway sandwich at 4:00 am after playing tag at walmart ?
then come to walmart ! ! !
i love walmart , i hate anyone who hates walmart !
anyone who hates walmart obviously hates america and is a communist ! ! !
... ..ok ... ..it 's not that intense , but i love walmart .
in oh , there 's not much to do at all .
need some swimming shorts at 5:00 am ?
aching for legos at 9:00 pm ?
feening for some tylenol pm to knock your annoying kid the ef out ?
then come on down to walmart !
they got you , bruh !
andrew gentile has the most soothing presence .
he is a true healer .
my son has been coming to the center for a year and a half .
this is after 3 years in speech therapy in schools .
the progress he has made with lynzie his therapist has been incredible .
when i have had an issue with anything jill has been quick to respond .
thank you lynzie and staff !
hands down.. one of the best spas i have ever been too .
the spa itself is absolutely beautiful and luxurious .
she helped me reconnect with myself and truly relax .
then the amenities of the spa are another great addition to the experience .
awesome , friendly staff ! ! !
i highly recommend them if you need any work done on your teeth .
updated review - following miradry treatment .
she performed my miradry treatment and talked me through every step .
she played relaxing music and did everything she could to make my experience excellent .
this dispensary is great ! !
online ordering is a snap ; and the line is never too long .
the flower they sell is locally grown in holbrook .
great quality , people , + prices !
who could ask for anything more ?
i would definitely recommend this place to everyone i know .
i 've used only the lab here and its always quick and polite .
my son i disabled and is a extremely hard stick .
once she found a usuable vein he hardly even flinched when she stuck him .
good place with good doctors .
best to have your doctor fill in a bunch of future dates for you .
friendly folk and great location overall .
dr. judy does a full blood work up .
her office staff are very friendly and kind as well .
she is my forever doctor .
i love everyone at vitality natural health care !
i would 110 % recommend this place .
i have been coming here for years .
i 've been here regularly for everything .
chiropractic , physiotherapy & massages .
everything has been great .
so many ways to save money and she does an outstanding job !
definitely recommend her and ilash lab !
my friend and i used uber to come to visit this spa last month .
i will return again next time i am there .
i 've had a phobia with dentists since i was a child .
i was referred to dr. sharma from a colleague .
the staff showed me a demonstration how the crowns are made .
overall i had a good experience and will be returning for cleanings .
this is my 'go to ' pharmacy .
it 's so easy to get in/out , i love it .
i come here to buy greeting cards during special occasions and holidays .
for couponers , they give you immediate rewards with coupons as you checkout .
unfortunately , i rarely use them because i only buy what i need .
great place to shop though .
i find it hilarious .
return factor - 100 %
all in all though .
the office seems also to run very efficiently .
dr wellish is truly terrific .
some , my insurance would have paid 100 % , others only 50 % .
he has been my ent doctor for more than 5 or 6 years .
he helped to give me a part of my life back .
i am a mystery patient to say the least .
i have a rare debilitating disease with a mind of its own .
so to dr. kwaitkowski i say thank you so much !
awesome healing center , awesome healing professionals .
: my new home .
i am so grateful to have been led here .
this clinic is incredible with an incredibly diverse and talented group of physicians .
we have been here a couple of times for resent bouts of breast cancer .
the staff here has treated my wife very well .
i love this place ! !
i left the place feeling a new me ! !
my friend told me about pop and i am so glad she did ! !
erika is so talented and the quality of products used is awesome ! !
i had my gel mani using a japanese gel brand .
they also carry a line of korean gel polishes .
my pop nails are going strong ... amazeballs ! ! !
coffee and wine ( & beer too ! )
served from the same counter ?
why does square one not have this alcoholic beverage option ?
i think it would do fairly well there !
i feel a 'suggestion ' email coming on ...
i always see tiffany and she is truly the best .
i would highly recommend her and the location in general to anyone !
i have received three massages from teka in the last couple of months .
she is absolutely amazing .
i have another massage scheduled for next week .
that is definitely my favorite part about my experiences with teka .
i ca n't recommend her enough !
great value , super relaxing & wonderful technique !
this place was ideal , comfortable and just what i needed .
my whole body feels blissful .
do n't look any further , this is the place .
i asked about the 3d imaging technology and she patiently explained how it works .
next up , bone density with erica !
again , patient , pleasant , and happy service .
the entire visit was way above normal expectations !
i was not only pleased but pleasantly surprised by my overall visit with wendy .
location and environment is absolutely beautiful .
wendy was very professional and kind .
i had s full set lash extensions done and could n't be more pleased .
i am looking forward to my next visit .
yesterday , i saw megan for micro-needling .
megan did a great job !
i would certainly recommend megan if you 're searching for an aesthetician .
she was training two other women on thermalo , great teacher too !
totally recommend senza pelo med spa !
now i see where everyone gets it from , their leader maria !
i can not say enough about pearson .
i always receive the best care and service .
my favs are kat , jacob and dr black .
the prices are amazing .
and the staff is usually very friendly .
and never ever buy apples !
like they 've been lying in some humid cellar for months .
they really need to pay more attention to hygiene .
i found dr. waltz through my girlfriend and could n't be happier about it .
best adjustment i have ever had and i highly recommend his services .
this was a great experience .
glad to say , it was worth it !
i used a a groupon and they did the feet first then the massage .
this company is great to work with .
i had no idea and my vet had not mentioned it .
i love new image .
my husband and i both go there .
it 's completely gone .
i get laser hair removal , facials , exc .
when u look good u feel good .
dr. mall is amazing .
he is really friendly and makes me feel so comfortable .
cindy hernandez is the best .
her smile alone is so warming .
love it at shadow mountain massage envy ! !
great massage therapists and front desk people !
i only get my massages here .
my mother had good care plus the hospital itself is a very nice facility .
everyone was very kind and polite .
it 's no secret that i am vain .
in fact , vanity is my favorite sin .
i came into floss to get my teeth cleaned .
these really are the two best in las vegas .
the office is solid , and brand spanking new .
growing up , i 've been to many dentists .
if your teeth are rank , make it happen .
maryanne gives an amazing massage !
he really gave me the answers i needed to make the right decision .
you rock doctor cummings ! !
the joint chiro in paradise valley is my regular spot .
dr. couser and his staff are definitely 5 stars !
i ca n't praise him enough !
great team ! ! !
the dr. and the ladies are all so awesome .
we have definitely found our new dentist for the kids ! ! !
the camp is awesome !
today i finished my first challenge , and it was a success !
i 'm overwhelmed with happiness !
i appreciate all the support and empowering words !
this is just the beginning !
good eye doctor and clinic .
very clean and nice .
fastest appt i 've had in a long time .
i 'm so happy with the service and the eye doctor is super nice .
this is a keeper and will definitely recommend it to my family and friends !
my family has been going to pv eyecare for many years .
appointments are flexible and prices are competetive .
this is a no pressure place- unlike other places .
he also improved my vision from 20/600 to 20/350 in one eye .
dr. yau 's heart and soul is in his work .
it is surprising how he can help so many seemingly intractable cases .
dr. connell and his staff are so friendly and helpful .
i could n't imagine going to another dentist .
i went to see dr angelchick in april for breast augmentation and lift .
for my first consultation i was at the office for almost 3 hours .
i had a million questions and concerns .
my surgery went smoothly and i was in very little pain .
i was also very happy with the staff and facility at the surgery center .
everybody in his office is great as well !
i never write reviews unless i have an amazing experience .
i would highly recommend going to this place .
thank you again dr. nguyen !
friendly staff , and great office .
very up to date equipment , and a comfortable setting .
the only dentist office that i will go to in charlotte .
dr. angelchik 's office staff is top notch .
from the first call , i felt extremely informed and welcomed .
he is straightforward and serious about what he does .
that intensity certainly comes through in his work .
( yes , i love my new ladies ! )
i highly recommend dr. angelchik and his staff .
they have a piano !
the staff is friendly and everyone seems to be smiling .
the office is always clean and professional , making it a nice experience overall .
great experience and very relaxing for the whole family !
thank you , kristin , we highly recommend you and your super massage services !
i have been going here for 3 years now .
but what i like most is their way in delivering that knowledge .
they actually listen to you as the patient which seems rare these days .
high recommend this office .
dr logan is extremely knowledgeable .
my whole family goes to him for lifestyle maintenance .
i do not take medication for the headaches .
i ca n't thank him enough .
my daughter montana enjoys her dental visits .
she says dr trobough is always very gentle and patient with her .
chris is the best massage therapist on the planet .
he gives deep tissue style massages .
you need to know this .
he only works in the weekends .
this weekend availability is the only draw back .
i always feel so much better after a trip to see him .
i 've been to plenty of massage therapists .
chris is by fa the best in arizona that i have come across .
dr. thosani is a thorough professional .
it is unlikely i would use him again .
go and see sarah ! ! ! !
she is quick and got me out within 45 mins ! ! ! !
sarah is very flexible with her time .
i promise you , you wo n't regret it ! !
sarah is so down to earth and real cool to talk .
i 'm still so shock about how quick she got my lashes done !
this place is going to be my go to eyelash place ! ! !
i 'm glad i had my first visit with sarah the owner !
monica has been my counselor for 3 months and has really helped me .
i feel more confident and at ease .
she listens when she needs to and gives me feedback when it 's appropriate .
i feel excited at the possibilities .
the entire experience with nevada eye care was excellent .
i 'm now at 20/15 vision and enjoying it each and every day .
no more contacts ! ! ! !
i highly recommend nevada eye care and qualsight for lasik .
i always get such high anxiety whenever i have to go to the dentist .
dr. bui and all the girls always make me feel relaxed and at ease .
today i went to ashley and she was awesome ! !
probably the best massage i 've ever had !
the staff is always very friendly and nice !
ca n't wait till my next appt !
heard about this from a co worker joined by membership and you should too .
they have gift cards for those people you want to share this amazing experience .
floated today and took my husband for his first time .
he loved and you will too
best nail salon ! ! !
love this new location ! ! !
i have been a patient of dr. pollock for years maybe now .
he 's very friendly and helps put you at ease .
i highly recommend him to others .
good prices for groceries .
c tait vraiment bon .
il n y en avait ni trop ni pas assez .
juste suffisamment pour avoir de la place pour le bon gteau au patate douce .
la carte affiche des prix vraiment abordables .
j espre que ce petit restaurant va russir  se faire une bonne clientle .
en tout cas ils m ont gagn et j y retournerai .
they did n't even grief me for being late !
i 'm so sad i 'm only passing through !
very knowledgeable and took the time to explain everything .
was extremely pleased with the results .
i now have my new favorite place to get my facial treatments !
my entire experience with the keith kleven institute has been nothing but positive .
dr zedek has been a big help to me .
so happy i found dr. spieldoch .
she is so caring and really cares about her patients .
she is extremely professional , as is her team .
i highly recommend her .
i work in the scottsdale quarter as a hairstylist at drybar .
how cool is that ?
such a simple idea .
but here it is .
dr. liu could possibly be the best dentist in las vegas .
five stars to the staff as well .
i 've been seeing her for almost 2 years because of a groupon !
the head dr is so kind and always remembers me .
he does great botox as well !
( he teaches it so he knows his stuff ! )
every single staff member is always smiling and so sweet !
i ca n't say enough great things about this place !
i ca n't say enough good things about the pain stop north scottsdale location .
dr. mitch healey is a wealth of information and is extremely gentle .
the pa and remaining staff are all amazing as well .
if you 're in pain , i 'd highly recommend making a trip in !
he cares about his patients and is very thorough .
i can not praise dr. russell enough and all the staff !
thanks for a wonderful visit !
cant say enough nice things .
will def be back .
thank you elizabeth for your care and conversation .
yikes , i know , bad parent waiting so long , right ?
anyhow , this visit exceeded our expectations .
we 're still talking about that bonus !
dr. abrams was very friendly and great as well .
i selected flores family dental after a recommendation from a friend .
i went in and was able to make an appointment fairly quickly .
and no , i did not disclose this information with them .
all in all i had a great experience .
everyone works very well together .
i 'm making my husband switch to them ... lol
this place is awesome ! ! ! !
i would n't choose any other place for a serious sports massage .
dr. lee is amazing !
she knows so much about the back and body .
he came in and agreed with me .
that is some amazing bodywork ! ! ! !
i loved the combination of aquatic stretch and watsu , a perfect mix .
rotem is exceptional at what he does .
he is highly skilled , kind and caring and makes sure you are comfortable .
a real gift to yourself and a wonderful healing modality .
after reading the great reviews i was so happy to have found this dentist !
had my first visit today and everyone was so nice and comforting !
i would recommend anyone needing dental work to check this place out !
i was flying into town from texas and my veneer cap popped off .
i called this place and they made an appointment for me the next day !
i 'm so thankful they could fit me in .
the staff was so friendly and the dentist was awesome .
he fixed my tooth in less than hour and it looks perfect ! !
not too expensive either .
i 'm so so glad i found this place on yelp !
i lovvvveeeee this place .
the staff is extremely nice and helpful .
very reasonable prices and they even have deals/sales .
soooo many options on bud , edibles , concentrate .
they have everything you need .
taxes are included in price so their are no surprises .
one of the best back massages i 've ever had .
she worked out all my knots .
all my vegas trips now will end with a massage here !
i seriously love this place !
everyone in the office is super friendly , and knowledgeable .
dr.hankins performed my breast augmentation , and i could not be any happier .
i feel 100x more confident now .
everyone is so kind and accommodating !
super quick service no matter the issue !
this place is clean , quiet and really relaxing .
unlike other foot spas i 've gone to .
i would come back every week if i could .
dr. rob divito is the best in scottsdale !
i recently moved back to scottsdale and was looking for a new esthetician .
i did a little research online and came across celebrity skin .
i could not be happier with the service !
definitely worth going on a saturday .
dr dewan is he best .
i highly recommend him .
depending on the your insurance company they will process your bills as well .
she is thorough , efficient and effective .
she is an excellent listener and very personable and caring .
she makes excellent referrals when specialists are needed .
the front office staff are professional and friendly .
the nurses are also thorough and really go that extra mile .
i had the best neck massage and mild traction .
my neck felt wonderful all day .
the spa is extremely clean and feels like going to the four seasons .
everything is nice and quiet peaceful tranquil .
i had a great massage .
her space is beautifully decorated , clean and professional .
the babyface line of products is excellent .
she also offers dermaplaning , which makes your skin soft and fuzz free .
i highly recommend leigh and have sent many friends to her .
first time in the meat department , butcher is very nice and helpful .
was happy to cut me a fresh filet to my size request .
very impressive heatherwood- keep up the good work !
location is not ideal .
took me a minute to locate .
parking is not good .
the wait time just to check out is long .
my total time there with appointment was exactly 2 hours .
the girl with glasses that took my vitals was gorgeous !
i could stare at her all day !
she was also very knowledgeable on everything i asked her .
she made me feel conformable and had a kind welcoming vibe .
i forgot her name but i could never forget her face .
the doctor was kind and i did n't feel rushed or overlooked here .
love dr. jaki and her staff .
she 's very thorough with her exams .
she also had nice frames too !
i would highly suggest going to her .
i would recommend this salon for sure .
she was prompt and professional as well as warm and considerate .
i also found her staff to be delightful and very accommodating .
so glad to be back in the care of this office .
i am delighted i found this place .
but it 's a total win-win .
the students gain real-world experience and you gain a better complexion .
if they err , it 's more on the side of being careful .
i have not had a bad experience .
overall , i recommend this facility without reservation .
give them a try !
hands down the most relaxing experience i could have asked for .
her gentle hands works wonders .
this is hands down the best practice we have ever been to .
the staff are friendly , knowledgeable and helpful .
nikki and deb are the best .
his office staff is always cordial and makes you feel at home .
they even serve fresh baked cookies !
dr. luzod uses the superior gentle , quick , and most effective nucca adjustments .
my first time here and i love it !
ben was amazing ! !
i had a ingrown nail and within seconds he removed it .
very cute place , clean , and everyone is very polite !
this is my new nail place
another highlight was that the staff was engaged with clientele !
drinks and snacks are complimentary which they offer to all guest .
my experience was a+ ! ! !
the best part is my nails look amazing ... i 'll definitely be back !
thanks guys for what you did for me .
i feel great and am able to resume my normal activities without any issues .
your the best ! ! !
donna snyder avondale , az
babymoon gave me an amazing experience right from the beginning .
the staff and esp .
not like he experienced with his first child in the hospital .
it was the exact opposite !
i 'm sooooo stoked on the out come & i ca n't stop smiling
this was the 1st chiropractor i have ever been to .
i was skeptical , but my wife has seen dr. nemanic many times .
i wish i would not have waited so long .
i walked out 15 minutes later completely pain free .
i swear it was like a miracle .
dr brown was great .
explained everything and even threw in a little podiatrist humor !
his staff was great too .
my foot is so much better .
will be going back .
i have been going to dr joe for a year now .
he is amazing super knowledgeable .
he has decreased my hip pain !
after a few car sccidents , my body was frequently in pain and discomfort .
i feel as though i 'm getting back into balance again ... thank you !
very comfortable that we have the right dr for our pet !
5 stars is not enough for how great we think dr menezes is .
he preformed a surgery on our 10 day old premie that saved his life .
we are forever grateful to dr menezes .
dr. raymond bunch keeps me coming back .
trust me i have met the gamut around this town .
i drive 40 miles one way to see this amazing man .
his nurse that takes messages/helps you is also freakin ' fantastic , lahsen .
this is by far my favorite dispensary .
the staff mostly consists of women .
( i am 21 female ) .
i recommend their gummy bears though i never have had a problem .
clean and nice atmosphere cons : one time editable problem .
dr. v and his staff are simply wonderful .
i 've been going for more than 5 years .
i have real dread before any dental procedure .
dr. v spends time to explain things to me before we do anything .
i feel their treatment has been incredibly respectful towards my fear of dentists
so grateful to have dr. hawkes clinic 4 doors down from my coffee shop .
he gets personal with you and finds out exactly what your problems are .
his medical staff are all awesome and friendly as well .
if you do n't have medical then this is perfect for you .
thank you dr. hawkes and his staff !
but my visit was great .
i had a root canal and their was no pain during or after .
how rare is that ?
: ) my primary dentist assigned dr. walker to give me a root canal .
first : whisper once you enter those doors .
i came here today after having booked an appointment for my s/o .
this is extremely affordable compared to other places that charge $ 100+ per session .
they also operate in a 'community ' or 'studio ' setting .
this place is surprisingly very clean !
when you enter , you take off your shoes .
they have cloths covering all the chairs ( lazy boys !
this is the former emergency room .
i was able to visit the doctor i usually see in twinsburg here .
the staff was courteous and efficient .
the lab was as well .
if i could give them more stars , i would .
i love dr. ed and dr. nicole .
they are the best !
caring , generous , supportive , inspirational ... .. they are truly wonderful people .
i can not say enough good things about them .
not only are they good people but they are great chiropractors .
i always leave feeling better physically and emotionally .
lexy , the ultrasound tech , was so informative and pleasant .
she explained the exam completely and answered all my questions .
she had a very peaceful bedside manner .
i love harvest ! ! !
staff and product are great .
chris definitely cares about the customers .
all the budtenders are awesome .
i 'm shocked at all the bad reviews .
i love dr. monroe 's staff !
i will recommend her to everyone and anyone !
we were in vegas for business and had little time to waste .
most located in walgreens or cvs or some other off the norm facility .
had a hard time making an appointment ... just a cluster .
instead , we called dr. logan .
my wife was feeling better within hours .
maria is the best at removing sebaceous hyperplasia .
these annoying things i have been fighting with for the past 2 years .
the staff is warm and friendly .
it 's a nice calm office .
dr jolene kurt is awesome !
definitely go see her .
she 's the best !
i had a pedicure , eyebrow wax and an aromatherapy massage .
the water was n't even halfway full so it barely covered my feet .
the massage was great .
the only thing that could have been better was the temperature of the room .
while the table was heated , it was cold whenever she lifted the blanket .
been wanting to get my teeth whitened for a while now .
tried strips in the past but it did n't work all that well .
i was very happily surprised .
the place was clean and they were very professional .
the process was simple and easy .
only hard part was laying down with you mouth open .
it was very busy when we arrived .
the service was prompt and they knew theirs menus .
the portions were huge .
i had the buffalo wrap with a tuscan white bean soup .
my friend had a falafel taco with fries .
it was surprisingly filling that i had to take 1/2 of my wrap home .
the soup kinda reminds me of lentil soup .
the best part is you feel full but not heavy nor bloated .
definitely worth going back over and over again
had my hair dyed by april recently and she did an amazing job !
definitely my go-to spot for hair and spa services .
the procedure itself was totally painfree .
i am not exaggerating .
i was not even aware when the molar was removed .
it all boiled down to not stretching properly .
i was first seen by a d.o .
( doctor of osteopathic medicine ) who is a medical doctor ( m.d . )
which made me much more comfortable and confident .
i was examined by the d.o .
if you 're not familiar , a radiologist is also an m.d .
( medical doctor ) who specializes in reading and interpreting x-rays .
examined me and x-rays were completed , i was seen by dr. madejek .
dr. madejek is a chiropractor ( doctor of chiropractic ) .
dr. madejek was found to be very warm and welcoming .
she took the time to explain everything about my injury and her treatment plan .
this place is so pretty and serene .
my 60 minute hot stone massage was perfect .
i will go back !
will highly recommend and use again
this is my second time seeing dr scott .
today while seeing dr scott he was extraordinary .
he actually takes his time and shows real concerns about you .
i do n't want to forget to show appreciation to his staff .
miss vicki who works the front desk is so helpful and friendly .
oscar , dr scott 's cna is super friendly and down to earth .
i 'm so blessed that i found dr scott .
staff is uber-helpful and always cheery no matter what time of the day .
overall great experience ; i highly recommend this gym .
i came in for a cleaning and got their name through my insurance .
everyone from the moment i walked in was very warm and welcoming !
service is always great best laser hair removal my results have been excellent .
nancy is the best and she always accommodates me for last minute appointments .
i have recommended family here and they love it too .
the customer service is excellent all the staff is genuinely helpful and friendly .
highly recommend this place ! !
it is great you will love it
from the front desk , to the nurses , and the doctor .
please forward my thanks on to each and every one of the staff there .
had the pleasure of meeting sam .
he went above and beyond to make sure i was happy .
i really appreciate him and his employee that gave me my chair massage .
i came in on two separate occasions , the first time with my wife .
we were not treated oddly for being lesbians .
this is an lgbt friendly establishment .
( i noticed the review on here that states otherwise .
everyone is friendly and the office itself is clean and comfortable !
most fun and relaxing surgery i have ever experienced !
the receptionist was great too , very friendly and patient !
cupping therapy was much more intense than i expected !
my upper back/shoulders experienced the biggest difference .
see the pic i posted my personal results and check him out .
everyone here is super friendly .
from the person who greets you to the doctors to everyone in between .
this was my second visit and is definitely my eye place in madison : )
he has so much patience and listens to my concerns .
as a new mom i have a lot ! ! !
very knowledgable and my baby adores him ! ! !
i highly recommend dr. richardson to any parent , esp new moms ! !
as a new mother i fully trust him and his judgement : ) !
thank you for being so patient and the absolute best ! ! ! !
if i can rate him a billion stars i would : ) !
this place is awesome .
small town feel in the city .
super friendly staff and very prompt .
i went there for the first time last year .
i was extremely sick with allergies .
just thinking about going to a dentist made me nauseous .
well , reluctantly i went and wow am i glad i did !
everything that they use is state of the art high tech gear .
if you 're looking for an amazing dentist look no further !
dr. micheal and kelly run a clean , professional and efficient practice .
i 've been going there for many years for routine cleanings and fillings .
he was very quick and thorough , and i healed very well .
thanks for taking such good care of me all these years !
dr. daccache and his staff did a fantastic job of making me feel comfortable .
they exceeded my expectations .
i have no hesitation in recommending dr. daccache .
dr. dung bui is one of the best dentists !
he is patient and caring , but thorough with the procedures performed .
his staff are all very friendly , caring and professional .
patients truly appear to smile when they leave the office .
highly recommend for families .
i was recently referred to dr cravatta for a surgical procedure .
dr cravatta , and his entire staff demonstrated professionalism along with friendly service .
i would highly recommend his practice for someone in need of any periodontal assistance .
i love this office .
dr. friday is wonderful .
he is so kind and calm and knowledgeable .
it is so easy to talk to him .
carol is wonderful working with the kids .
i would highly recommend !
i love hillcrest dental !
the hygienist was very gentle and took very long cleaning my teeth .
i was surprised i did n't need a deep cleaning after so many years !
does n't sound like a place that up sells to me .
you walk in here and feel like you are going to visit your family .
no more snooty front desk girls or dentist that are rushing you out !
the trainers are knowledgeable and dedicated .
steven is great about mixing it up so i never get bored .
today i went in for the first time , the clinic was very clean .
the staff was very professional .
he answered all my questions .
i 'm very happy , totally recommend ...
dr nick is amazing !
his staff are friendly and attentive .
and he gets results !
from the moment you walk in they make you feel very welcome .
they walk you through the whole process .
could n't have been easier .
very professional and friendly staff at karma .
thank you so much again .
no sitting in the waiting room for an eternity ?
no issues with claims that go on and on ?
i am always taken at my appointment time , if not earlier .
he is very friendly and i always feel comfortable with his examination .
i love dr. bateman and his staff and i highly recommend !
my biggest fear was to be rushed out , with little explanation or compassion .
and that 's the exact opposite of what i experienced today .
the staff here was so sweet and caring .
taking their time to listen and make sure every question was answered .
i will recommend him to every one i know , that 's for sure .
thank you so much for the amazing things you guys are doing !
great staff and nice office .
that 's a lot of savings & i 'm extremely grateful !
i highly recommend them !
after my first visit to tg my teeth were beautiful !
i was blown away and very happy !
tamar is a great professional !
i send everyone i know to her and they love her !
worst of all , they did n't even get her teeth white .
people stop me to tell me how great my teeth look .
tamar is very careful and very knowledgeable- there is a huge difference .
state of the art facility with knowledge staff .
trevor and brian tailored a strength and conditioning program specifically for our rugby club .
thanks for kicking my butt and pushing limits today .
see you again soon .
we have always had great service .
we have seen a number of doctors .
they return calls promptly and are very helpful .
fantastic , professional service in every possible way !
so thrilled to have found this jewel , will definitely be back !
helpful to have eye doc on staff .
he seems to work quickly .
my son broke his glasses deliberately .
they fixed them with the warranty .
so that was good .
$ 5 tuesdays ! !
$ 5 smoothies ! !
any flavor ! ! !
any size ! ! !
nuff said ! ! !
that being said , you must give bodi caf a try .
bodi cafe is located inside city athletic off sahara .
in my opinion , bodi caf has the best protein smoothies in town .
my go to drink is their 32 oz .
you 're salivating just thinking about all them egg whites .
do n't be ashamed .
i 'm salivating too .
the italian phoenix is worth it .
tip : they sell versa gripps here .
2016 yelp review # 38
this doctor is a truly remarkable human being .
it was a miracle that we asked for a second opinion .
his experience and charity work are surely a blessing to encounter under any circumstances .
i wish you nothing but the best .
1st visit : i was greeted by kyli and jill both were very nice .
i watched an information video .
she was so kind and courteous !
i was so happy and relieved !
customer service is of utmost importance to this office and to me .
they are truly top notch !
i adore coming here , especially for their fabulously priced plant proteins !
i needed my annual eye exam and decided to try focused on eyes .
i 'm happy i did !
it was a pleasant experience .
thanks to dr. lucas and her team !
pospisil dentistry is the best !
thanks pospisil team for always making my visits the best they can be ! !
awesome front office staff , great doctors and incredible treatment .
i could n't ask for more !
i am rarely trendy but straight hair lacking frizz tempted me like the devil !
after researching the price throughout the area , i made an appointment .
rina was so pleasant and so far i am very pleased with the service .
i will definitely return when i need a hair affair .
so i started with doing b-12 mic shots .
you would buy 4 shots & do them every week .
i did n't feel sluggish at all .
hcg changed my life !
there is a strict diet you need to go on for 24 days .
mostly eating veggies/fruits , protein .
no oils & sweets .
cindy helped me throughout the whole hcg diet .
honestly it was n't as bad when i did it .
i think it was because i was determined & motivated to lose weight .
i lost 25 lbs alone from the hcg diet !
i 'm telling you hcg is worth it !
hcg really did change my life
i recommend choosing spooner !
btw front desk ladies are helpful with scheduling and explaining benefits .
all in all a great place to get the rehab you need .
i 'm back on my feet ( literally ! )
he is amazing and i 'm very sad he is retiring .
he spends time with to answer any questions .
very knowledgeable and love that he tells you the truth .
we will miss you !
i 've been going to don nobis for a little over two months .
he is one of the sweetest doctors i 've seen .
but surely it has .
i had went to another therapist matt smith .
they ignored me and gave me stuff i could do at home .
here at don 's practice they take care of you .
everyone at anew is so welcoming and friendly .
i appreciate how much time they take to explain options and treatments .
i have n't had a single bad experience !
great massage and great customer service .
i have been going to bonital dental for 2 years .
dr batoon and her staff are great !
thanks bonita dental for doing such a great job !
dr lawyer and his staff are wonderful to work with .
i felt like i was in good hands .
dr rhel is excellent .
i am a rn and very particular about my physicians .
he is an excellent surgeon and i had a complicated sinus condition .
i felt in good hands and he was very thorough .
he is kind , gentle and answers all your questions completely .
my hygienist was very friendly and did a great job cleaning my teeth .
overall , i like the atmosphere and the people in dr. standley 's office .
i already scheduled my next visit for this fall !
davonna worked with my party planner and i very closely .
i know davonna will take very good care of them as well .
best wishes ~ laura in queen creek , az
from the moment i walked into this office everything and everyone was beyond nice .
i got the best teeth cleaning dentist , her name was kelly .
so , i 'm definitely coming back to this place ! !
i was a bit early and they were ready for me .
i filled out the paperwork , they took me right in .
the appt was quick , the exam was thorough and efficient .
dr. was not rushed .
hey gave me paperwork and recommendations for the recommended tests .
i 'll keep my annual exams going here .
however , this time ?
i have long since left processed food behind and the consultant was horrible .
just mentioning all this as my cred .
i am a happy camper !
the staff is always friendly , upbeat , warm and welcoming .
i always receive vip treatment - so , there 's never any self-consciousness .
like any business , it 's run by humans .
so , just ask !
yes , i am a fan !
i 've learned to see this as a benefit .
the pa 's are terrific !
the place has a wonderful spa feeling to it !
really , it 's very affordable !
less than jenny craig for sure !
maybe half the cost ?
and a better eating plan than ww .
upon arriving i was greeted by a nice security guard named alex .
the place was nice and clean .
and the music was awesome ! ! ! !
great selection and excellent service ! ! ! !
will definitely return : ) raphael
it was exactly what i wanted and more .
the after calls to check up on you are great as well .
if i could give them ten stars , i would .
very professional and educational , dr z is awesome .
he helped me tremendously with a very bad lower back pain .
he cares ( and the nicest chiro for sure ) and takes the time .
the treatment , coupled with his advice worked for me .
appointments are really easy to book , parking too .
it 's conveniently located just off the qe , so really easy stop .
scottsdale memory care has been a real god send ! !
all of the nursing staff are exceptionally professional , and caring as well .
there is not a better facility for dementia patients than scottsdale memory care .
oh , and the food preparation is awesome !
all the very best to each and every one of you awesome folks ! !
i happened across laser away while walking around scottsdale quarter .
the road to rebuilding my self confidence started here !
the lady assisting me was helpful and gave some suggestions for lunch .
i had the bloody beet juice , a veggie soup and chickpea brownies .
it totalled just over $ 30 .
i really like chickpea brownies .
so much chocolate and denseness , hit the spot juuuuust right .
i ca n't swallow the price though .
will i go back ?
the lady offered a 10 juices for ~ $ 100 package .
i am so incredibly happy we started coming here !
my son had seen another dentist in henderson .
i called just for kids for a second opinion .
the office staff and dr. dhillon have went above and beyond all expectations .
i thank all of you so much for what you do !
we will absolutely come back for preventative or other care needed .
best place to go for dental work !
wife and i have been going here for years and will continue .
no fancy up sells ! ! !
my muscles are screaming .
i feel so out of shape .
i found a supportive group of trainers and classmates are helping keep me motivated .
everyday the exercises are different .
i 'm getting stronger !
i 'm sold ! !
this place is beyond amazing .
the staff was so kind and very efficient .
we were in and out of there in less than an hour .
it was so clean in there as well .
i will definitely be back every time when i get sick .
very clean and i love how up to date technology wise they are .
state of the art equipment .
i highly recommend for yourself as well as the kids .
he truly is a great dentist ... great work ! ! !
loved the facility and the staff .
today i went in for a teeth cleaning and had a pleasant experience .
have been coming to proovidence for about a year and received great results .
came after i had anxiety issues and used dr. jessica to help with treating .
her practice works wonders and the staff is very helpful .
dr. mary deka is an amazing gynecologist !
she makes you feel comfortable and at ease .
i always look forward to seeing her .
i am sure that sounds strange when one is talking about their gyno .
: - ) the office is extremely clean , welcoming and modern .
the staff at pv obgyn are amazing as well !
dr. deka 's nurse , grey , is wonderful .
i would sincerely recommend her to anyone !
these people are great .
every time i have gone in there , i always come out smiling .
the staff is knowlegeable and you do n't leave with questions .
he 's a blast and very caring .
i think it 's very effective because i am surely sore after leaving today .
i visited this place a few times for gel polish .
this salon is so nice and upscale .
the polish selection is the largest i 've seen .
i felt sincerely cared for , and look forward to my next appointment .
thank you , jon !
simply put , we could not be more pleased with dr ball .
i have to say i 'm very impressed with walmart 's vision center .
the staff has been friendly and made me feel very comfortable .
and the price was reasonable ( duh its walmart ) .
for the price it was an excellent experience .
very professional & courteous ... thank you so much for a pleasant experience .
we 'll see you soon !
i have been getting lash extensions for 3years now .
linda is really just incredible .
amazing lashes and maybe a massage.. you ca n't get any better !
i would give this place 5 stars .
the food is good and i love smoothie here .
this is a great place for anyone who is trying to eat healthy .
i would like to cpme back again
wonderful staff and expert doctor .
only drawback is long waits .
dr gregory t bigler is excellent and highly recommend him for surgery .
very professional and the staff is outstanding .
he can speak mandarin chinese which he did with my wife during recovery .
great job and thank you so much for your excellent service .
came here to treat myself for my birthday .
which is so cool cause it 's hot af outside .
the lobby area inside is very modern .
the front is fast to greet you as soon as you walk in .
the tech was explaining what she was doing as she did it .
which i really appreciate because i start feeling claustrophobic if i have trouble breathing .
she had such an angelic voice it was so calming and relaxing .
she also had a very light hand .
glo medspa is great !
megan is wonderful with peels and my skin has never looked better !
charles is the best with injectibles !
i love his work and he has the nicest staff ever .
his new office is very pretty and love the new location as well .
trust me-go to glo and you wo n't regret it ! !
he was my family doctor for yrs .
imagine when she told me it was dr .
lol i was thrilled to find my favorite childhood doc after all those yrs..btw .
i am 49 now .
his office manager goes above and beyond .
i am impressed with the overall professional , yet personable staff !
thank you , red mountain team !
he is one of the most dedicated individuals i have ever met .
friendly , courteous , professional care from the front desk to the massage therapist .
this was the best massage therapy experience i 've ever had .
all words describe my experience at physicians physical therapy .
i felt like a priority .
i felt like a person , not just a case they were treating .
gabe is an awesome trainer , to say the least !
he really does care about you and takes his work seriously .
friendly and well stocked .
i was so excited and appreciative i nearly cried .
the veggies and fruit are priced great and very tasty and fresh .
i was visiting las vegas for the weekend and wanted a massage .
we all loved it .
definitely would come back .
i have been going to elements for over a year and love this place .
great therapist and i am always able to book last minute if need be .
amy does an amazing deep tissue .
i highly recommend this place for a relaxing or more therapeutic massage .
front desk is always so nice .
do yourself a favor and schedule a consultation with ashlee .
i promise , you wo n't be sorry
getting a root canal is not my idea of fun .
but it was definitely needed with the kind of pain i was in .
my regular dentist referred me to this endodontist for some special care .
the office is located on the second floor of the professional office building .
the staff has a tremendous amount of patience for their patients .
the doctor and his assistant made me very comfortable and reassuring .
before i knew it i was done .
love the team here .
they are great , really nice and knowledgeable .
i have been seeing jessica for my annual exams for the past 3 years .
jessica has a wonderful , kind and caring bedside manner .
she is knowledgeable and thorough .
i feel very comfortable talking to her about any female issues i may have .
she is non-judgmental and truly cares .
she is truly amazing !
the rest of the staff has also been great !
my thanks to the entire staff for a great first experience !
johnie was very professional and took my child 's needs as her own .
super friendly staff all around .
when we left , my child was chatting the whole way home .
it has been the best health decision ever !
dr. b does amazing work and it is worth the price !
i had my veneers done 10 years ago and some new recent work .
the staff are fabulous .
i highly recommend them ! !
the staff are also very friendly thank you dr. ha !
the chiropractor who changed my life .
you never feel rushed .
best dentist office i 've been to in a long time ! !
everyone was really friendly and honest .
will be back for sure
no complaints over all .
this location i have been using the last month .
dr has been working out the stiffness in my back no issues or complaints .
i did buy a plan and have been going weekly .
dr kalish is dedicated to his profession and highly recommend .
she will make your stress disappear .
my wait time was minimal and staff was very pleasant .
she is very professional and knowledgable .
i would highly recommend her if you 're looking for a good dermatologist .
i 've been very impressed with the friendliness of the staff .
everyone here is very professional , warm and friendly .
would recommend them to anyone .
i found dr. mcadams on yelp and the reviews here are right on ! !
highly recommend ! ! !
i researched the `` miracle '' hangover cure businesses online .
boy , did they ever !
matt m. was fantastic !
he asked questions and explained everything he was doing .
i felt better within 20 min and almost symptom free .
the headache was definitely not as bad as it was before the treatment .
such an amazing experience at this location .
she then took me back and asked me questions to personalize my massage .
no other massage place has ever done this ! !
i would highly recommend this location and will definitely be returning .
thank you for allowing this teacher with a wonderful day of relaxation and pampering .
awesome for getting your cpr card !
they were really nice and definitely taught us well .
the teachers are debbie , les , and lynette .
they use sanitized equipment and made sure everyone felt welcomed .
i went in for a consultation and had a great experience .
i would recommend this office to anyone !
very professional and efficient .
i really enjoyed the scalp shampoo ; was really nice .
- believe the reviews - this place is very safe and well run .
staff are very nice , polite and helpful .
pretty easy to travel to from wherever you are .
staff will help you get on your way when you are finished .
located - `` upstairs '' - they do have an elevator .
again - i highly recommend .
the review on yelp are accurate .
i really had a great experience with everyone and they were professional and friendly .
i have referred few of my friends to them as well .
a good place to relax during my busy trade show week !
after standing for 10 hrs per days , this place is like heaven .
service are good , everyone have a smile on their face !
will be back next time i go to vegas !
i love this place ! !
shout out to kathy .
she 's the best !
you can tell they really care !
they made sure i was comfortable the entire time from start to finish .
i would go back there anytime and feel like i was in good hands .
i even got a copy of the cd as i was leaving .
dr. rouhani and staff are absolutely top notch .
wonderful dentist and support staff .
my five year old has always been apprehensive about dental visits but not anymore !
her preferred hygienist is summer and she is amazing !
she was gentle and reassuring .
that 's no small task , because my little lady is tiny but mighty .
dr. putney is fantastic too .
she has a warm demeanor and exudes a passion for dentistry .
my kids and i look forward to their twice yearly check ups .
they are hands down the best ever ! !
the care you receive at azcam will be tailored to your individual healthcare needs .
truly supportive to get you feeling better .
this was one of the better experiences i have had !
( never had a tour before during a visit ) .
i took the 6:00 a.m. class and there were only 4 of us though .
the workout was tough , but well organized .
great massage , hit all the tight muscles .
very good customer service .
i 'd highly recommend this business .
dr. goldring and his team are absolutely amazing ! !
totally awesome experience ! !
usually when you have botox , results to take effect are 24-48 hours .
a very dramatic difference .
very happy & will return .
i was contacted by sarah , the owner who got me in immediately .
my lashes last up to three weeks .
the new number is 702-342-3601 ! !
i saw the sign out front that said `` great with kids '' .
and after realizing their name , i went into the office .
i told them i was there because i saw they were great with kids .
so after a month , i cancelled my appointment .
i knew i had to get the work done .
and i was so informed of every action that was happening .
i did n't have to listen to music to distract myself .
their voices were soothing to the procedure at hand .
once the first procedure was finished , i went to the second .
they care for their adults as they do children .
it 's what they do .
you 're smile is waiting !
thanks one stop nutrition !
we have used blacker ortho for all three of our children .
we are extremely happy with all aspects of this office .
my kids never minded going and the results speak for themselves .
you wo n't regret it
love the phytosalad , bean burrito and of course the legendary onion rings .
it 's definitely pricey , but the service is great and the food fantastic !
i 've never reviewed tj ?
i love their flowers & how cheap they are .
i have always received a great massage .
been going to brookstone for years , have always felt well cared for .
dr.g is awesome , obviously caring and honest .
good stuff here ... .and i am critical .
i would give 10 stars if possible .
i have always been the biggest chicken when it comes to dentists .
i have had such bad experiences .
thanks to the reviews on yelp i found dr. mcadams .
all i can say is wow !
this was the best experience from the appointment process to the actual visit itself .
the staff is so cordial .
the place itself is ultra modern .
as it turned out i needed a tooth pulled .
i felt absolutely no pain !
the demeanor of dr. mcadams was so soothing .
candice his assistant was a doll .
i would highly recommend this practice .
again , let me say even 10 stars is n't enough .
thank you so much dr. mcadams .
we brought our boxer here .
she was a rescue about 7 years old when we got her .
took her for heartworm and a full check up .
staff was very nice , explained everything they were doing .
suggested updates for vaccination and prevention .
they handled lola with care and we will go back this summer .
great facility and staff .
family owned and operated with all the newest technology and oh so friendly .
i recently moved from vegas to texas .
i 'll admit it : i 'm still the adult scared of the dentist .
luckily i found floss and everyone there is really amazing .
they 'll explain everything and why it is or is n't necessary .
it 's also a great place for kids both my nephews go there .
dr. picot has always been honest , courteous , and friendly .
and the work he has done for me has been excellent .
dr. picot has a high-tech office .
my last dentist took 4 weeks for a permanent crown !
this place is amazing !
the staff really are welcoming and truly want you to succeed !
it 's not a stuffy atmosphere and i actually look forward to seeing them .
i have had several procedures done by dr. meger .
i have only great feedback for him and his staff .
i will not go anywhere else for facials or any other treatments .
i am 60.5 years old in my profile pic .
this review is for the avondale location where mitchell served as my therapist .
i 've been going to my dentist for about 5 years .
i have never been so satisfied .
my cleaning was perfect and gentle .
i would show anyone my before and after photos .
i 'm so satisfied and i ca n't stop smiling .
awesome staff , ca n't wait to come back .
first time going to sam 's spa and it was an amazing experience .
i will definitely be coming back for another massage .
i will recommend this location to anyone in need of a full body massage .
gina is the best !
she knows how to connect with patients and does everything she can to help !
the facility is clean and the staff is super friendly .
i had a massage today with madily .
the whole experience was wonderful ! ! ! !
the staff at the front desk were warm and helpful .
this was my first time with madily and she was excellent .
she was professional and caring .
i am a part time az resident .
i was delighted by dr heap and his entire staff .
definitely a 10+ out of 10 for inspire dental !
i 'm very happy !
edit : her name was nu
ciro is the best personal trainer and physical therapist i 've ever had .
i recently had a total knee replacement .
he has been a tremendous help in my rehabilitation .
i definitely enjoyed her massage techniques on my neck and lower back .
i look forward to seeing her again on my next trip .
it asked `` are you bored of your regular workout routine ? ''
i always do get bored easily ! ''
the energy level of the trainers here is incredible .
the theme is , `` never give up . ''
today was just a taste of what their boxing classes are actually like .
there were grimaces , sweat flying everywhere , groans , and then also laughter .
not the typical combination you would get when you 're working out hard .
that 's what makes this place unique .
you can tell they are striving for a fun , yet motivational atmosphere .
i always feel totally at ease with his suggestions and his results are exemplary .
i would recommend him to anyone .
she shapes my nails perfectly , exactly how i want , m .
the salon itself is decorated nicely , very modern and clean .
they always offer something to drink , which is a very nice touch .
overall great experience every time .
the service provided at custom eyes is excellent .
dr. sukanthy is a wonderful doctor .
the staff are very friendly and approachable .
they make sure you are not waiting long and your needs are addressed .
i recommend everyone to come to custom eyes !
! love me my doc kotoske ! !
i have been seeing chiropractors most of my adult life .
the problem was not severe .
treatment was paid through our medical plan .
this is now a reasonable out of pocket expense .
this is definitely a five star .
dr. kanarish is incredibly knowledgeable and great at answering questions .
in fact , the entire was was professional and knowledgeable .
our puppy liked dr. k , too , and gave him kisses right away .
after only a few visits .
given , you are covered at all times , but still odd .
best part of my day - totally helped with my dental anxiety .
i would highly recommend foothills family dental ! !
i found this place through yelp .
i had an amazing experience .
i was seen promptly and left in approximately an hour .
i highly recommend this family practice to all of my friends and family .
if i could give this place 10 stars i would .
they exceeded all of my expectations !
best deal in town .
this place is fantastic !
always willing to give advice and personalized attention .
i 'm a repeat optic zone customer and fan .
i have yet to find cheaper designer glasses in toronto .
second , selection is excellent .
service , style , selection .
this place is great .
came here before leaving vegas ... with knots and tight all over !
got tila and she worked my knots out like no other !
next time i 'm back in vegas i 'll definitely be coming back ! !
let me tell you , it was well worth the drive .
i had the best massage ever , i was almost sleeping during the massage .
highly recommend going to see him .
i had a great experience at bright now dental on cave creek rd .
however , the hygienist was amazing and awesome .
i will come back again and make them my dental office .
latest equipment and a highly trained nurse does it .
i found dr. nielson online with examples of his bonding work .
i met with 5 doctors .
a few recommended 4 veneers , another said my problem could not be fixed .
the office is nice , the staff is super helpful .
i ca n't say enough good things about dr. nielson .
i would recommend and return .
thank you so much for giving me my smile back !
loved this dr 's office .
friendly and knowledgable staff .
dr. jeppesen is awesome and i highly recommend him and his facility .
dr. dom is not only an excellent chiropractor , but great person as well .
he also has gone out of his way to help me .
he is intelligent and likes to give back to his community as well .
let him be your healthcare quarterback !
who are extremely professional and trustworthy .
i look forward to the hour and half getaway each time !
i can only handle the intensity maybe once a month sit every other .
when i arrived , kenta made me feel welcomed and at ease .
he was thorough in asking about my problem areas to be targeted and treated .
i felt rejuvenated and tension free at the end of my session .
i highly recommend the women 's center .
the have a doctor there in case there are any issues .
it is great to have a place staffed with females for females !
this place was very relaxing and quiet .
staff was very friendly and ambience was nice .
i had a great massage !
they also had really great service and good tea with the massage .
we have been patients of dr. cotton 's for three years .
she is a wonderful dentist and is so caring with my children .
i ca n't say enough about how great she is !
the dentists and staff at brennan dental are wonderful !
extremely professional and actually care .
i highly recommend them and will not go anywhere else !
the location was easy to find with ample parking .
recovery was simple and i had absolutely no side-effects .
no nausea , no chipmunk cheeks , no swelling or bruising .
just to let people know .
yelp usually asks for a service fee to let your good reviews out .
tldr : worth going .
my entire life was dictated by how bad the pain was that day .
found a groupon with a great deal .
____________________________ pros : - the 1st chiropractor that has truly helped me .
- does n't want me to be a long-term patient .
cons : - none to speak of that i can think of .
really a great overall experience .
( x-rays and exams ) .
hour-ish for two people .
we were even given copies of the xrays for our personal records .
____________________________ first week : 5/8/17 3 adjustments .
tues weds and thursday .
my back used to crack and pop every time i moved .
my lower back was in piercing pain .
5/15/2017 week 2 : 3 adjustments again this week .
for the first time , my muscles around my trouble spots are actually relaxing .
i am feeling a relief from pain already , which is a massive feat .
my pain has switched from joint pain to muscle pain .
i ca n't believe it was this easy .
honestly came down to going to the right chiropractor .
more updates to come .
really hopeful now for the first time in over 10 years .
5/22 week 3 : 2 adjustments this week .
started doing stretches and workouts at home this week .
had a few times this week where i woke up without any pain .
pain is now manageable .
no longer taking pain medicine all day .
5/29/17 week 4 : 2 adjustments this week .
doing more workouts and stretches this week .
muscles are still sore , but the workouts are easier now .
still some joint/back pain but it 's only been 4 weeks .
still not needing pain meds any longer .
ice pack still close by .
6/5/17 week 5 : 2 adjustments this week .
waking up without being in any pain this week 3 days now .
starting more aggressive stretching and workouts .
the muscles are the biggest obstacle at this point .
minor joint pain still in my trouble spots .
dr. justesen is a wonderful dentist that cares a great deal about his patients .
i have been a patient of his for over 20 years .
my mother was a patient of his and i now take my daughter .
they do n't pretend to care about their patients but truly do .
i highly recommend dr. justesen for all your dental needs !
dr. poremba and staff , so caring and finest people .
i want to thank dr. poremba and mary for treating me so well .
this is a great place to go , i highly recommend dr. poremba !
i wish i had seen years before !
been seeing and using maria for years for laser hair removal .
very detailed and does a great job .
they are a weird breed of hipster meets tree hugger meets hobo bohemian .
that aside , the food is pretty good , if you are going meatless .
i like the soups and juice , smoothies .
prices are good and so us service .
this place is amazing !
i had the most wonderful massage with patrick and facial with liz .
both of them were very calming and made me feel very comfortable .
the decor is really cool with all sorts of music memorabilia .
dr. rehl is amazing .
he is knowledgeable and thorough .
after careful examination and deliberation he concluded that surgery was not necessary .
his expertise saved me a $ 40,000 surgery .
if you have sinus problems dr. rehl is astute and extremely honest .
i had an amazing experience both times !
brandy is wonderful , she made the whole experience so pleasant .
just a little more plump !
friendly chiropractor that did great .
i would definitely recommend them .
just had a great massage there .
easy to make an appointment ( even a same-day one , at that !
) , staff is friendly , and they take a variety of insurances .
i was blown away by her expertise , friendliness , and concern .
highly recommended on all counts !
the relaxation lounges are a must .
especially after a massage .
and then after some time in the steam room , or in the whirlpool .
just anytime , its an experience all on its own !
all perfect stocked with the items you would need .
the patio pool is where it is at though !
and my oh my , what a view .
who would have thought a lump of rock could be so soothing and beautiful .
check-in was very easy and pleasant .
dr. faught was incredibly friendly and down-to-earth .
i look forward to visiting the office again !
i could n't be happier with north scottsdale peds !
waiting rooms and exam rooms are comfortable and clean .
love that they have a sick and well waiting room .
my son had to have emergency surgery the next day .
thank you for your care dr. cesal and team !
i have found my new home !
love pop nails ... .its very clean and professional .
i well definitely be returning ...
took my mom to get a consultation , i will review after her procedure .
she got approved to get jell injections for her bad knees .
the staff in front when you walk in are so friendly and sweet .
doctor is very kind .
everyone from the receptionist to the surgeon was impressive .
professional , knowledgable , and at the same time patient and caring .
absolutely worth the money .
i had my free consultation done downtown toronto .
an extremely impressive clinic full of people who are proud of what they do .
could not be happier .
i have had a great experience with toca across the board !
would recommend this clinic and dr halal to anyone .
it was the `` low cost '' dental that brought us in .
they do accept most insurances but have great low-cost options if you do n't .
dr. van and dr. unger are great !
you can tell they like what they do .
the location is ugly though .
the service is beautiful .
it is wierd though that they have cookies in their lobby .
shouldnt they have carrot sticks or something ?
this place recently opened and is absolutely amazing !
my boyfriend and i booked a one-hour foot massage for $ 25 each .
the room was dark and filled with relaxing music .
we were fully clothed the entire time .
this was one of the best massages i have ever had !
they know what they are doing !
you 'll leave relaxed and refreshed .
we certainly will be back soon .
my new favorite spa- open on saturday and the staff and providers are amazing !
dr. chow and her staff are very professional , knowledgeable and patient oriented .
they take their time explaining everything and listen carefully to your concerns and questions .
patient education seems very important to dr. chow .
the eye examinations are varied , technical and extremely thorough .
you are in good hands when you trust dr. chow for your vision care .
dr. rouhani is the man !
i 've been seeing dr. martin for about 3 years .
would highly recommend dr. martin !
dr. chen is very professional , knowledgable and thorough with your procedure .
he 's upfront with what you 're getting and i really appreciate it .
i 'll have to compare how long this last for than my previous years .
it 's hard to find an honest medspa .
i 'm happy i found this place .
will never go anyplace else .
we found this spa on a visit to old town scottsdale .
everything they do is professional and luxurious .
i highly recommend coming here and indulging your inner beauty !
all i can say is wow !
when i 1st got there i did n't know what to expect .
i will definitely be visiting detox body cleanse again !
that `` ceragem '' machine is honestly a blessing from above !
they have reasonable prices and willing to work out a payment plan if needed .
i liked this massage here .
the person that massaged me was petite but boy was she packed with power .
she beat me up good .
i had the hot rocks as well and boy was that hot .
i 'll definitely come back again .
good service , lots of parking and good massages .
what an awesome place to have dental work done .
hardly had to wait and the staff and dr are so helpful and professional .
everything was explained to me before any work was done .
i felt very comfortable and highly recommend this practice .
prices are very fair .
my whole family will start using this dentist .
best place for a smoothie ! !
so much cheaper than jamba juice !
the staff is really cool and friendly .
dr. racanelli and his staff made me feel so comfortable .
i was pleased with his work , and how supportive everyone was .
dr. pack is amazing !
he has been my dr. for about 5 years now .
quick exams ... does n't bs you and is extremely honest .
who would n't want that ?
thanks to him and his staff i am healthy and cancer cell free !
always a good experience and glad this office is here in gilbert .
no goofy recommendations and quality care .
dr. gawley is an incredibly talented plastic surgeon .
dr. gawley is by far the best surgeon for breast reconstruction in town .
we highly recommend him to all breast cancer patients in need of breast reconstruction .
his work outside of breast cancer is equally outstanding .
if anyone needs a dentist .
we had a awsome experience at this new office we went to .
you ca n't say that about dentist visits .
the hygienist were very knowledgeable and had light hands .
my husband who dreads the dentis even agrees .
he hated our last dentist .
they are very gentle and extremely good .
one gal is great with kids too including my husband .
you 'll get unbelievable service .
if it was n't for our daughter anastasia we would not be as satisfied .
aleena was the best at explaining the why before the price .
which was amazing to add .
we recommend dr philipp and his team to anyone .
before we forget , natasha the assistant is great and highly recommended .
thank you for all your help , we tell you care .
absolutely love this place !
not only is dr admire top notch , his staff is the best too .
i highly recommend dr admire to all my friends and family .
there are two locations located in the city : southwest and henderson .
the athletic trainers / techs are helpful throughout the therapeutic exercises .
they stick with the individuals until they feel they can exercise on their own .
the therapists are also so great !
they provide treatment with comfort and relief .
i ca n't be thankful enough for the help they have provided .
wow ! ! ! !
wish i could give more than 5 stars ! !
upon stepping in the door amazing energy and aroma hit me ! ! !
i love the fact that when i left i knew more than going in !
will for sure be a regular in the future ! ! !
( hugs ! ! ! )
saddened at another bad experience with a vegas provider , i turned to yelp .
she fit me in for an appointment later that week .
he was very thorough and has great bedside manner .
their office was modern , spacious , and inviting .
while my eyes dilated , he let me browse frames .
they had such a wide variety and price points to choose from .
my cost share was thoroughly explained to me prior to purchase .
they work fast here !
thanks eyes on las vegas for all your help !
here from out of town with an urgent glass repair need .
they were fast and friendly !
dr. rose and the staff are super friendly and responsive .
i never have to wait longer than 10 minutes in the waiting room .
i have referred several friends and all have been happy patients .
it 's important to evaluate long term treatment and experience .
consider long term experiences .
this is a great clinic and you will not be disappointed .
chenin orthodontics is very well run .
all of the staff members are so friendly , knowledgeable and patient .
the office is kid-friendly and totally fun !
both doctors are amazing .
do n't get sick .
but if you do , come here .
it 's the best hospital in the valley as far as we are concerned .
and we live near / closer to competing hospitals .
but we drive here .
very excited massage green finally opened in north scottsdale .
great service at a great price and super friendly staff .
she is the best doctor that i have ever had .
she listens to her patients .
which is a rarity with doctors nowadays .
she is a rare gem in gilbert .
you will find no doctor better .
definitely coming back the next time i 'm in town .
so glad that i did .
i could n't thank him enough .
i ca n't say enough about them .
i got peach and mango flavors together and it tasted very good !
she is just fabulous !
i am so excited about the obvious improvement after just one peel ! ! !
she 's a miracle worker i guess .
i have also had a massage from rosie and she is superb !
prices are great and distance from strip is very reasonable .
love this compounding pharmacy !
also to my surprise , they have an assortment of doterra oils .
looking forward to going back to browse when i have a little more time .
solutions is a great place to get off addictions and make your mind right .
the staff is very caring and help on most of your recovery .
they make you feel like you are part of community .
i highly recommend this rehab if you are looking to change your life .
best massage i 've ever had !
i ca n't recommend this location enough .
i 've been to quiet a few of these foot spas .
it 's usually hit or miss with them .
i did n't have an appointment for this specific zen foot spa .
i was greeted immediately by a pleasant front desk attendant .
i selected the basic package .
i was taken back to a very clean and tidy area .
my therapist did a wonderful job and was very nice .
the prices are great .
the service is great .
and i got this place through the google .
everyday when i visited this place , made me comfortable and good explained everything .
they are gon na counsel and try to help you .
this dr. is top 's .
she is one internist who does not try to just make money ! ! !
she spends the time necessary with all her patients .
myself and entire family highly recommend her .
my father is alive today due to the efforts of this awesome doctor .
she is a credit to our medical community .
absolutely love this pharmacy for my pets ' meds !
i would recommend this pharmacy to anyone , anytime .
i suffer from intense dental anxiety .
i found andrea when i bought a living social deal .
i 'm so glad i bought it !
spirit apothecary is fantastic .
i just visited for the first time today .
i usually frequent other stores in lakewood as they are closer .
however , i will be going here from now on .
amazing selection , just about anything you could possibly need .
prices are great , and the employees were friendly and helpful .
very welcoming environment and i ca n't wait to go back .
i have been seeing dr. wells .
when you need a procedure the staff is the best .
they have never disappointed .
they have r.n 's with you at all times .
they have competent anastesiaolgist .
you are made comfortable during the entire procedure .
i have recommended many friends and work associates .
if you have any questions relax and ease your mind .
you are in most capable hands .
keep up the great job .
they take bcbs which is why i chose them .
emd is awesome from the staff to dr. wellman .
the office is clean and the atmosphere is really inviting .
i had a lot of work done .
there was no pain at all .
i could n't until now .
i will never go anywhere else .
at emd , going to the dentist does n't have to hurt anymore !
thank you banner urgent care saturday night staff !
by far the best dentist i have ever been to .
i like most people get really nervous at the dentist .
the entire staff is wonderful .
andrew gives a great massage ... especially good with the neck area .
staff is always friendly and professional .
it 's about time .
southview dentistry where have you been all my life ?
this was just what i was after .
we recently had a couple poor experiences .
the folks at southview are professional and truly care about your comfort .
definitely what i 've been seeking .
only went one time but i want to go weekly .
it pushed all kinds of toxins out i could feel it afterwards .
the next day my skin was clean fresh and glowing .
is small and cute and hannah was so nice and friendly .
she also educated me on nail shape most efficient for my nails and desires .
i made a next appointment immediately after ! !
i had a facial and i loved it .
had botox treatment as well .
mesa pediatrics is my choice for my son 's pediatrician .
their doctors and staff are friendly .
they have appt times available when i need .
they do n't make me wait too long in the lobby .
the only lil annoyance is that sometimes their phone lines get tied up .
small price to pay for an office that i feel comfortable with though .
to paul e. 's comment below .
i 'm surprised they did n't send you home straight away .
the studio itself is beautiful and everyone was very welcoming of a first-timer .
i love body fit .
after each session it feels like you worked out every muscle of your body .
the instructor and owner of body fit is marcus niemo .
he definitely keep its interesting .
i 'm definitely jumping on the body fit band wagon !
i think you should too !
started 8/20/2011 ( 61/365 ) .
the dr that was in a couple weeks ago is awesome !
he is so friendly and you can tell he truly cares about his patients .
he took time to answer all my questions .
i was very pleased with the service .
stephanie is very professional and extremely nice .
i left my appointment not only feeling great but with so much knowledge .
i would definitely recommend .
couple deep tissue massage with my boyfriend ! !
complementary shuttle ride to the place and hotel .
make sure you tip the driver both ways !
our driver was jenn .
she picked us up right on time .
this place is n't fancy with all the frills like inside a hotel spa .
it has a nice vegas decor .
pictures of elvis , barbara streisand , beatles , etc .
use the restroom before you get started !
i got douglas & my bf got brenda as our massusers .
first , the massusers introduce themselves and ask a few questions .
they says to undress completely and go under the covers .
you will be draped with double aheets throughout the service .
the massage beds were heated nice and warm inside a chilled room .
i think douglas used a unscented lotion .
which was great because i am sensitive to weird smelling lotions .
my bf had shea buttter .
douglas started off nice touches and started to hit all my pressure points .
he did my shoulder and back really well .
no facial ( thats separate ) i do feel much better .
a little sore but a good kind of sore .
my bf says it was okay .
at the end of our session they waited outside until we got dressed .
they were waiting with a cup of water .
then we paid and asked for a receipt .
and they do n't give out receipt .
oh wells no biggie .
then our shuttle took us back to the hotel .
now i 'm soft , smooth , and less sore !
the dentists and staff at inspire !
dr. kris heap was great and my hygienist is perfect .
i was very concerned with getting a lot of crowns replaced .
other dentists had tried and failed .
she did some beautiful prints first and then began the encapsulation process .
i am very grateful for jodi and the placenta lady .
i highly recommend her services .
the front desk people are the sweetest !
so nice and accommodating .
do n't have anything bad to say since everything went well .
once you find a good one stick with them !
let me start off by saying charles is the best !
he puts you at ease and is extremely knowledgeable where to do the injections .
i brought many of my family to him and all were happy .
not to mention the best selection in eyewear .
if they do n't have it they will find it = ) )
the moment i walked in dr popat greeted me and was very friendly .
the cost of the appointment was reasonable and he met all my expectations .
i highly recommend this orthodontist and will visit him again .
tl ; dr dr. tepe is fantastic , highly recommended !
i went to harvest of scottsdale earlier this week to buy a vaporizer .
there were problems with it and i had written a review reflecting my experience .
i will definitely be a return customer and i recommend harvest wholeheartedly .
out of desperation , i decided to give her a try .
however , i did mention it to teresa .
now for the massage .
thank you teresa and thank you elements for hiring her .
i wish i could take that little lady home with us .
all the associates in this store are extremely friendly .
worth to be mentioned is mr. takis .
he helped me a lot .
i had a groupon for this place and decided to try it out .
the waitress was very friendly and helpful with the menu .
all of it was absolutely amazing !
everything was super fresh .
she has been doing this for a while and knows her stuff .
he was an amaaaazing masseuse !
bubbies pickles is the best !
just like grandma made them !
i absolutely love this place !
went here with a coworker after two tradeshows a week long .
did the massage as well as the facial .
the service there was also amazing , i felt relaxed the whole time .
wish this place was closer to home !
after six months it looks as if my billing issue has been resolved .
crossfit tempest happened to be a short 2 miles from me .
as i expected , the wods were pretty intense but incredibly satisfying .
**a tip for people new to arizona** arizona gets hot , hot , hot .
the weather in the morning is actually pretty nice and optimal for wods .
let 's just say it was a learning experience .
dr. singh is an excellent diagnostician and a wonderful doctor .
very happy that he 's back .
i love trader joe 's .
i do a good part of my grocery shopping here every week !
the back office staff are amazing .
you call you are telling them the situation and they tell well thats great .
you could tell she wasnt even listening to you .
and i was sent to er the night before per my drs orders .
and this was the next morning .
so yea the front office need new employees before something happena terrible to someone .
thank you dr yelma , brittany , dr copeland , monique , sue .
you guys are awesome .
i especially enjoy going to see karley who works there !
i had lasik with dr. wellish in 2004. my vision was horrible- 20/2700 .
eleven years later and still no glasses .
lasik was life changing .
if you 're considering it , do it .
dr wellish is the best .
the office was organized & on time .
they know what they 're doing .
i absolutely love nexcare urgent care .
i always get in fast and get treated so well .
their diagnosis is always spot on and the prescribed treatment works every time !
as well as the front office staff and nurses , etc .
i recommend nexcare every chance i get !
never even knew about this place !
by far the most empathetic wonderful staff i ever encountered ! !
this is a terrific establishment !
they are very professional and prompt getting you in and out for your procedures .
i have now made my second appointment and am very comfortable coming back .
his staff is very friendly and welcoming , a real asset .
ca n't beat it !
there 's several rooms with treadmills .
the cycle and row machines now too .
* lift - full weight room on the lower floor .
there 's more lifting equipment on the 2nd floor and some dumbbells .
there 's also some a lifting room in the men 's locker room .
ca n't verify if there 's one in the ladies locker room .
2 medium size courts .
i 've never used it but it 's there .
saw our primary as a squeeze in early this afternoon .
just got back home from there .
appointment was actually on time , even as a squeeze in .
hub 's ear is now wax free and he can hear again .
like the attitude dr yu has .
straight to the point , no nonsense .
if more stars were available they would get them .
my son is a kent state student who ran out of contact lenses .
thank you ronna and glanville & hussing optometrists .
you are hero 's !
great little spot for work physicals , dot exams and immunizations .
we love this rec center .
the fitness center is great , clean and has great equipment .
the hours and prices are great too .
the staff is always friendly and helpful .
tot town is a great bonus as well .
what made our first experience with this spa exceptional was their accommodations .
i love the bulk stuff , and the fresh sandwiches .
i will definitely be coming back for years to come .
thank you guys for making it so easy to take care of my chompers .
got my lashes done by nela and had such a great experience .
if you 're looking into getting eyelash extensions look no further than the ilashlab .
very worth my time and money ! !
i can definitely say my first visit wo n't be my last : )
i see dr. cressman & he is the best !
he 's friendly & knowledgeable .
very enjoyable experience mixed with great conversation .
if you are considering getting permanent makeup , tiffany is your girl !
wish i would have done it sooner .
i 've been going to senza pelo med spa for at least 3 years .
everyone there is very pleasant .
it 's across from christown on the west side .
i turn on missouri and come in from the west on montebello .
it 's worth it !
amazing little vegetarian restaurant with delicious , simple food and a really inviting concept .
my wife enjoyed the fennel/pumpkin bowl while i indulged in the mole bowl .
we will definitely be back !
this place is clean and organized .
the employees smile and are pleasant .
they move in an orderly fashion and the wait is not to bad .
you need them to see .
shocking statistic i know , but it is true .
some , better than others of course .
hence the need for places like this little gem !
what a gorgeous office space they have here .
on top of that , the staff here is amazing .
friendly , helpful , warm and caring .
the doctor is such a nice guy .
seriously ... .he rocked my socks .
probably the most important variable of all !
this location is convenient and close to many other shops and restaurants .
i definitely will be back in the future !
summerhills dental is a wonderful caring place .
i had my teeth cleaned and x-rays .
the dental tech and dr. cynthia allen were gentle and very through .
beats any other health food shop i 've been to in the city .
my family of 4 ( including me ) had appointments last saturday .
we were late , but all of us were still able to be seen .
the staff members were friendly .
dr. lao was the stand-in doctor that day .
he was nice and pleasant to talk with .
it was an overall good experience .
first i love this place , the staff and especially dovonna ! ! !
after surgery i developed some complications and got an infection .
this lead to a large lump of scar tissue .
dovonna personally called me back and discussed some treatment options .
i love that my wellbeing is always a priority here .
i highly recommend blue skyes for all of your wellness needs .
dale ann dorsey is the best i have found .
even when i pester her she is always in good spirits .
the spa is very clean and beautifully decorated .
the massage therapists here are so compassionate , professional , and skilled .
both massages i 've had here have been so relaxing yet thorough .
i always feel so much better afterward .
i 'm way more energetic , and i 'm already noticing my tummy tightening !
getting stronger and stronger every day and keeping up with my meal planning .
i want 20 lbs off !
and i 'll keep it off and more by staying with my fbbc family !
btw , emmanuel is great !
amazing manicure and pedicure .
a hidden gem in mississauga .
the staff is very friendly and inviting .
definitely will come back !
i believe they specialize in nails and facials and massages .
i 'm coming for a massage next , as they have registered massage therapists .
i felt welcomed at shop although it was filled with girls : )
an awesome , thorough , and thoroughly relaxing deep tissue massage !
true dentistry was great .
the office was very nice and clean .
the first thing i noticed was how warmly we were greeted .
somebody give her a raise !
my son let her look in his mouth and even clean his teeth .
this is above and beyond.. not to mention genius .
5 stars across the board .
this place is great !
not to mention that they know what they 're doing !
side note : i love watching them interact with the elderly patients .
the elderly ladies love the attention and being able to talk .
best staff and best prices .
this is my favorite dispensary .
lots of selection to choice from and best flower in valley !
amazing ! ! ! !
hired for life ! ! ! !
on time ... real massage therapist ... .really truly amazing ! !
it 's a pretty good clinic .
they have low wait times and friendly doctors .
there should n't be poor ratings of the clinic because people forgot their id .
prompt service , easy appointment scheduling , covered by our insurance .
the actual exam process is quick , clean , and efficient .
trying a new therapist today but all have been great so far !
front desk in the evening is awesome !
they really seem to enjoy there jobs !
clean and quiet in lobby .
always a pleasure to come to dr. constantinou 's practice .
i am very glad to be a patient here !
i am new to az and was referred to dr. thompson by a co-worker .
super efficient , warm , friendly office .
dr. thompson and chelsea made a great team .
this is an excellent practice .
all three of my kids have had braces .
the office staff and the doctor are wonderful
he is extremely patient , understanding , and knowledgeable .
i would highly recommend dr. hall .
this is my third time here and i love it .
i love the deep tissue massage instant relief !
i have been going to spectrum whenever needed for a few years .
he and his staff were wonderful .
3 times is a charm and there will be no more !
my mom and dad just moved in .
a major landscaping upgrade is underway , and a major caf upgrade is underway .
all staff were very friendly .
i 'm new to las vegas and very happy to have found floss !
i called this office and they were able to get me in next day .
the wait was short and staff accommodating .
i am satisfied with x-ray , exam , cleaning and fluoride treatment .
i saw dr. chen & medical assistant dulce this morning at the chandler office .
they made me feel valued and cared for and put me at ease .
every single one of my concerns were addressed and completely taken care of .
look no further- book your appointment right now .
parking is also kinda sucky
i am extremely happy i made the choice to finally get my lasik surgery .
they are very attentive and kind .
bianca then asked me for my information and to fill out some forms .
she gave me some instructions to follow preparing me for my next appointment .
my pupils were dilated so they could see deep in my eye .
the next day was surgery day .
thank you all for your help and amazing service .
i definitely recommend them if you ever think of getting your lasik .
it 's challenging but so worth it !
just remember to bring cash ; )
dr. sharma and her staff are caring and knowledgeable .
they answer questions thoroughly and are very gentle .
i would recommend them to anyone !
phenomenal holistic treatment for the mind and body .
patient friendly and willing to explain diagnosis and treatment
great first impression love the decor !
this is why my whole familia will come here for our dentistry .
great job to the hygienist summer see you in two weeks .
always fresh produce and good quality product .
he is the absolute best .
i ca n't comment on sprockets since i have not used that area .
easter sunday the store was very sparse with shoppers .
i had a few other items eventually and went thru the check out .
he just had this empty cart that he was invading my space with .
then he drove right in front of me as he was leaving .
this seemed very out of place and not normal considering the circumstances .
thanks dr kotoske and his whole staff you are all awesome ! !
i wish i had found this group years earlier .
they have been wonderful with the entire family including my young son .
you ever have a slight headache , pop an aspirin , right ?
cant sleep , take a tylenol pm , right ?
i do not take or believe in western `` so called '' medicine .
eastern is the original way to go .
thats what brings me , here , to tak yuen tong .
it really is a hidden gem .
amazing variety of teas , a plethora of extracts , herbs and natures medications .
its the way life and the health industry should be .
ill be back for acupuncture soon .
i have n't run into the same issues as the other reviewer here .
dr. suarez is the most detailed doctor i 've ever seen .
very thankful to have her as my primary doctor .
very professional and you go in quickly .
linda is the best !
such a cute salon , quiet and nice atmosphere .
linda was so fun to talk to and the time flew by .
best deal and service by far !
dr. poremba is legit .
in other words , they care about your time .
more importantly , he does great work .
i highly recommend dr. poremba if you are looking for a dentist .
i can not say enough wonderful things about this office and staff !
i 'm so happy to have found this pt office !
i went in on a saturday afternoon .
it was n't to busy .
everyone was very nice .
i only needs a manicure .
in and out quickly .
very clean and prices are reasonable .
we have been patients for over 7 years .
dr. sidhu is awesome !
so great with my kids !
my kids love her !
my lashes look great !
she also offers mobile massages .
i am saddened to read the two posts ahead of me .
i went to this location on rainbow and found it to be highly professional .
i witnessed a beautiful , clean , up-to-date office .
i did hear some spanish but the patient was needing that language .
i saw no language barrier .
i 'm not sure why those other two reviews were so bad .
i highly recommend this location .
i came out very happy and relaxed .
i seriously would recommend forrest and forrest .
we are having another baby and will be flying her out again across country .
super cool shop ! !
alex the security guard was super friendly ! ! !
all in all a fun experience !
can not say enough amazing things about this practice .
the staff is kind , considerate and always professional .
they truly care about you and/or your child 's well being .
she cares , she jokes , she 's knowledgeable , etc .
even check out was easy .
absolutely , 100 % fantastic service , support , and medical knowledge !
super duper bonus : they have real gowns to wear .
none of that shitty pink plastic/papery crap here !
dr thompson was very friendly & caring .
the staff was amazing.. maria was very knowledgeable .
very affordable eye contact fitting $ 40 .
i am very happy & satisfied with the service .
i really do n't praise doctors much but this one is an exception .
oh yeah , and did i mention he even has a sense of humor .
i love this place .
my favorites are pure recharge , berry punch , and caribbean way !
quality smoothies and one of my favorite places in this area .
my husband is even obsessed !
best provider and customer service !
if your searching for the best , then stop looking because here he is .
i 've had two massages by kari , and both times were great !
thank you to everyone i 've encountered there , you 're awesome !
i i have been coming here for a year-and-a-half now .
we were tired from walking at the strip and this was heaven sent .
we will come back for sure !
i am so excited to show off my new smile !
thank you sooo much true teeth whitening !
where target and soccer fields reign supreme .
well , no longer !
i love this facility .
easy to access all of the equipment you need .
swimming , cardio equipment , weights , basketball courts ... just the works .
the y really does formulate a great deal of community .
biggest gripe , as many would agree , is the parking situation .
good luck finding a space at 5pm on a weekday .
you 'll circle that old building for half an hour before landing a space !
i recommend biking if possible .
much less of a headache .
very nice , helpful , and no-frills .
they just do what you need and that 's all .
i also love the baskets of bible verses near the entrances/exits .
it 's a nice touch .
glad to see this organization is focused on the needs of spirituality as well .
love being a member here .
they have earned my business for life .
the delivery is so helpful .
the soap is an added bonus .
thanks for helping me get my medications on time .
the experience is that of walking into a 5 diamond resort spa .
i feel genuinely confident recommending this place to anyone !
john is really helpful and knows his stuff .
i was very impressed with simonmed .
very clean professional looking office .
highly recommend the copperpoint location .
i see nothing wrong with this facility .
the triage nurse was the one that surprised me the most .
she could hear me cough and actually offered me a cup of water .
the doctor was quick and to the point .
very nice very clean all employees are very professional and very nice .
the denist himself was very informative and helpful .
i give this facility 5 out of 5 stars .
his staff are all pleasant , amazing , and professional .
the office is clean and they conveniently have netflix for pateints .
i could n't have asked for a more professional and knowledgeable dentist .
i found her on facebook !
she is very passionate & compassionate !
she absolutely found her `` calling '' .
& she truly enjoys the career path she has chosen !
i have had numerous health issues the past 6 months , with frequent hospitalizations .
she is very knowledgable !
looking forward to getting my life back !
thank you ashlee..you are truly amazing !
american addiction centers was supportive and stuck to a routine which was crucial .
entire staff was polite and helpful .
will return again in the future for sure .
curtis was very knowledgeable and professional .
everyone form the front desk to the doctor was very professional and sociable .
in addition , it 's a very clean atmosphere and a beautiful office .
very warm and welcoming .
it 's very nice to see good business managers out there .
today i had one of the best therapists i have ever had there .
thank you taylor for the awesome job .
this place is awesome !
call ahead and ask for lynn or danny .
i think it has a lot to do with who massaging you .
it 's so relaxing and this feeling of rest just comes all over you .
i started with a dead sea sat soak .
then i had a wonderful massage by james .
he was very thorough and professional and really opened up my neck and shoulders .
then i did the bio mat ion session .
i fell asleep i was so relaxed !
very glad i found this place .
i agree completely with the other three reviewers .
dr. berelowitz is a wonderful doctor and his care has been great .
my only complaint is that it is hard to get an appointment .
friendliest staff and great massages .
i 'm a member and get massages once a month there for $ 69 .
always impressed with scheduling and service .
facility is very clean and cute !
the owner is there frequently and is so sweet !
especially my gut '' his reply was `` what gut ? ''
there ya go , thanks doc .
that was the best answer ever .
had a tummy tuck a year ago and still is looking gutless .
there is no one better , thanks again doc and kelley his assistant .
this was a tranquilizing and much needed massage .
joy started in rome , italy and teaches yoga .
even with plane fare it is less then in ny .
they deserve everyone of these stars .
i love dr doubrava .
he is so patient and understanding .
one evening i called him on a friday .
i saw a black shadow in my eye and was petrified .
i see dr doubrava a couple times a year to keep tabs on it .
he 's very honest and understanding .
i did n't get any special lenses .
i 'm 80 years old .
i am so happy about that .
he did a great job .
i was going there prior to the change of the new dentist .
the office is clean and efficient with barely any waiting time .
the staff is very accommodating and friendly .
very professional and great team .
sara had cleaned my teeth and was so sweet and helpful !
great place and quality work .
price point is excellent and she 's always on time !
this place and the instructors are awesome !
i absolutely love that no two workouts are ever the same .
i really do n't understand all the negative reviews for this dentist .
i have been going here 7+ years and i think she is great .
i will continue to go here as the service is top notch .
dr. scott has been my doctor for 4 years now .
received a massage from ana - she is the worst .
her phone was ringing .
she scratch my head not massage .
she did n't work on mu knots instead i am too skinny .
i was checking yelp for a good foot spa .
i read all the review and i 'm glad i did .
i decided to go and make an appointment with joe .
i will be back to see him .
i am so pleased with the product and the final outcome .
i had braces as a child but my teeth had shifted .
everyone should love their smile .
got me into the right contact lenses on the first appt .
everyone was friendly and i interacted with every employee on my first visit .
have already had friends go to see them .
i love dr hannah !
he changed my life i am 1 year post surgery 100 lbs lighter .
i have so much energy and a better life style .
supplements are available for purchase , as well as iv treatments and shots .
her staff is friendly and provide excellent customer service .
she also has later afternoon appointments ( no saturdays ) which makes it convenient .
highly recommend this office .
he 's *that* good .
and some really great business opportunities have presented themselves out of nowhere .
i think al had a large part in all of this .
give it a shot -- what do you have to lose ?
this place was great .
will be returning , and it 's on a great location .
they overnighted meds my dog needed .
and they helped ! !
best massage i 've ever had .
great atmosphere , service and location .
i will be back .
i am a regular here so i know the staff .
they are super friendly and efficient .
i love this location and its convenience
i 've been going here for over 2 months .
the staff and doctors are very nice and professional .
i recommend this place .
the facility was clean and had a relaxing vibe .
good prices , too .
available for emergencies , quick response on critical issues , professional , courteous .
extremely happy with this great place !
the trainers are very easy going and encouraging .
i went in for a lung infection .
got there right after they opened and was seen right away .
the np was fantastic !
she was very kind and extremely thorough .
she covered all the bases , prescribing an antibiotic , cough medicine , etc .
the exam room was very clean too !
the staff is very friendly and helpful .
the pharmacists are very knowledgeable .
this is a true neighborhood pharmacy !
by far the best massage place i 've ever been to ! ! !
i always see lisa .
she 's such an amazing masseuse !
doctor rouhani is awesome .
i am super happy with the services and the results .
he truly cares about you and the work he puts in .
i highly recommend smile concepts .
great service , great products , fair prices ... : ) but ! ! !
they all said your doctor must of did a great job !
i think they are right !
thank you dr. daccache .
a friend and i went on 9/2/18 and had massages and pedicures .
it was extremely crowded .
i have been to spas all over the world and this place was crowded .
the services were amazing ( massages ) and very good ( pedicures ) .
i had elizabeth a perform my massage .
hunny ... her 30+ years of experience truly showed .
my attendant was very good and was very complimentary of my dry feet .
y'all there were no snacks in the spa .
they had water and i swear two pitiful looking oranges in the bowl .
i was like wth .
every spa must have snacks .
now i know to ask from here on out !
i 'm going to add one more vote of support to the chorus .
essence of life has so many great products and the pricing is great .
in my opinion , dr. schroeder is the best !
i should also note that his staff has been wonderful as well ! !
great place cheap prices friendly staff .
needless to say we went back multiple times while we where there .
this is an awesome shop with a wonderful selection of an eclectic assortment .
the owners are helpful on any information you might need .
the jewelry in there is even handmade by the owners .
i went to the women 's imaging for a routine mammogram .
it was that time , my doctor said and i dread these exams .
who really likes their body parts being smashed ?
i arrived at for my 11:15 am appointment about 40 minutes early .
i really love when i do n't have a long wait time .
they respected my time and glad everything went smoothly .
my thoughts on mammograms now are they are n't that bad .
thanks for making this a good experience for me and respecting my time .
this is probably the best walk in clinic i 've been to in years .
the downside is the wait times but overall the service has been exemplary .
receptionists have been courteous and efficient .
the doctors have been very professional and more thorough than my family doctor .
dr. rick is the best !
his injections do n't hurt .
he 's conservative with his treatment .
he loves what he does .
he moved his office into scottsdale and i drive from aj for him .
lilly is an amazing hygienist !
the office is so friendly , helpful , and professional .
dr. davis puts you at ease , answers all questions .
and makes you laugh .
i would n't go anywhere else .
it 's worth every penny you pay !
the entire staff here is great !
everyone here was very friendly .
i highly recommend them .
i highly recommend brookstone dental .
judy is an excellent hygienist and very knowledgeable .
thanks to a great team !
we have been here twice now , and both experiences have been wonderful .
the staff was very nice and the wait was n't very long .
they did n't give us any grief about bringing her in at all .
they staff really knows how do handle children and comforts the parents .
i will always choose this facility .
today my daughter 's regular rmt , stacey grigsby , was unavailable .
without periodic massage , neither of us could function .
so we opted for a newly hired rmt , natalie aviles .
she knew exactly what to do to give my daughter substantial relief from pain .
now after an hour 's massage from natalie , she 's feeling much better .
you 're in good hands with these people !
dr. black was such a great person to give this exam .
he was helpful , informed and patient .
i recommend this place for your eyecare needs .
they got us in and out quickly !
on top of everything , our exam and glasses was covered 100 % ! !
i scheduled more appointments for my husband and i on the spot ! !
she did a good job and i like the result .
they may want to communicate a bit better about confirming reservations .
came here for the first time today and was very pleased .
the cooling spray for numbing was great and it helped tremendously with the pain .
the technician was knowledgable and very nice .
will be coming back here for sure !
i really appreciated how thorough they were with me as well .
the guy at check in was very friendly and helpful .
megan is very knowledgable and i 've had great results .
be sure to try the vi peel !
my wife found this place searching the internet .
the consultation was awesome and free ! ! ! !
amy , suzette , and juanita are awesome .
they are compassionate and make you feel like you 're their only patient .
our insurance is great but stopped covering fertility , of course !
we are seven weeks pregnant as of today .
their is no clinic i would choose over green valley fertility partners .
mind you this is sunday !
checked her vitals , did an ultrasound , gave her an iv .
they are the greatest !
dr lundgren is a miracle worker !
not only is he great but his staff is amazing !
we wo n't be going anywhere else !
much more reasonably priced than strip spas and a very short taxi ride there .
our morning weekend walks always takes us here .
great atmosphere and bakery , hot/cold foods .
place still looks bustling .
i have had a neck injury with herniations , scar tissue and the works .
this felt great and increased the range of my neck movement .
great service and specials !
i really liked carly she takes her time you and answers all your questions !
they do n't oversell you like most places !
great place , totally worth every penny .
i would definitely recommend this place to go to when u want a massage !
everyone here is so nice & comforting and welcoming !
well , she sure did !
she even gave me some stretching exercises to help improve my back problems .
you are an angel and a lifesaver !
they were very helpful in filling my prescription for my cat .
i saw dr. banfield for a root canal yesterday .
first of all he is so nice .
the money i spent for the laughing gas was well worth it .
it made 45 minutes feel like 10 although it was quite funny tasting .
i went home with ibuprofen which i took yesterday .
would recommend 5000 % .
they also call to remind you when you need cleanings .
that personal touch goes a long way .
mandana kheshtchin and navid javadi are both extremely gentle and personable .
they are down to earth and reasonable in their prices .
i had a 60 minute massage with maxfield .
it felt like a very slow , focused massage that pinpointed troubled areas .
also , the place seems very nice , comfortable , and a little fancy .
marshall the pharmacist took care of me today .
i 've been getting my teeth cleaned here for the past 3 years .
i highly recommend this office .
the staff is extremely friendly .
their services have helped prevent me from getting cavities .
so glad i found dr gombert and his fine staff a few years ago .
found dr gombert and he 's been just as great as my previous dentist .
the entire staff is awesome , from reception to the hygienists .
i love cloud nine !
i 've been going there for massage for many years .
they never keep you wait and the staff is very friendly .
i do n't think i 'll ever use another pharmacy .
she makes the entire experience informative , fun , comfortable , and easy .
you will not be disappointed !
i met the owner 's daughter upon arrival .
she was super nice and helpful shortly after we walked in .
my only disappointment was my purchase on a whisker for the matcha tea .
it was $ 20 and it did not work .
hence why it was n't working the way it was supposed to .
we thought about returning it - but change our mind on our way there .
we will order another one via amazon , no biggie .
i learned so much with just one trip .
the shoes are pricey but it 's totally worth it for the comfort !
plus they are n't cheap made in china shoes so the quality is excellent .
i only used the travel clinic here and could not be happier !
they had flexible hours that worked with my schedule ( open weekends !
can you believe that ? ! )
dr. van was so great .
i decided to come here since they had a great pedicure special going on .
( why not ? )
when i walked in , i was greeted by everyone .
hannah was my nail technician , and she was amazing .
i definitely needed a pamper , and this place just went above and beyond .
i would definitely recommend this place ! !
5 stars all the way !
dr. mendenhall is just great !
he listens , and is caring .
any concerns i have have been addressed or referred to a specialist .
well i like a good smelling dental office .
he staff and doctors are very nice .
dr. gandhi and nancy were simply wonderful .
the office is clean and the staff friendly .
definitely recommend this place .
i 'm wearing contacts for the first time and they are awesome !
i 'm excited that i found such a nice group so close to home !
they do have saturdays which is helpful .
pros : - student discount !
i got 10 % off which saved me $ 500 .
- personal consultation , which you can cancel at any time .
- relaxing pill ( valium ) and massage chairs before your procedure .
cons : - dr. stein has a long waiting list !
you 'll have to wait a bit before you get an appointment .
dr. troupe and the team at polished dental do absolutely outstanding work all around .
my entire experience was easy and inviting -- it is such a friendly environment .
i am so grateful !
you wo n't be disappointed if you make an appointment with megan !
i am always happy with my results .
she is friendly , easy to talk to , and excellent at her job .
my fav place to lunch with friends .
it 's the best .
i could eat the salad bar every day
i am currently going to dr. racanelli for invisalign .
i wish most places would keep you in the waiting room so short .
they put espn on a flat screen in front of me while they worked .
dr. racanelli has good bedside manor and explains everything in great detail .
we could n't have done better ... the service is great and very personal .
we are so glad we found this family .
i love this office !
i saw dr. crum for my pregnancy and she was amazing and very knowledgeable .
the phlebotomist is best !
i will never let anyone else draw my blood .
she was always so fast and definitely knows what she is doing .
i ca n't imagine going through another pregnancy at another office !
had first appointment and really liked dr. wolfson .
he took my husband and i together .
i have lots of medical problems so he is dealing with them as needed .
easy to talk to .
had a facial and some injections today .
the staff was so friendly and knowledgeable .
i 'm so excited to go back and refer all my friends .
i 100 % recommend this place .
from the moment i walked through the doors i was at ease .
2016 is a new year so i figured a new dentist to start fresh .
once inside , it is beautiful .
it 's very dark yet tranquil and smells like relaxation .
i enjoyed my massage from shannon .
very professional , clean , and tranquil place .
i 'm glad i got to try this place out .
rubber flip flops from cvs to the rescue and i was good .
it was so needed after a morning of early morning travel .
i will definitely be back if needed when i return to vegas .
dr. k. has been my doctor for some years now .
he is located in the tall building on the children 's sunrise hospital property .
i have had nothing but terrific experiences here .
some with views and a few with none .
those get kinda claustrophobic feeling for me .
each room also has beautiful wall art .
that 's usually what i spend my time doing while waiting .
and it 's not weird having a guy gyno .
i completely recommend him to anyone and everyone for gyno services .
prompt , reasonable fee , personalized service - finally a vet i trust !
vet techs and receptionist are all very friendly and prompt .
i usually can get an appointment the same day .
we 're glad we were referred to him .
we had a toddler with a broken clavicle .
doc gave us a figure 8 brace .
x-rays are done in-office .
great service to us as parents and our little boy who was 2 .
i highly recommend him for his professionalism , kindness and beautiful office .
his staff are all so kind and helpful .
the new facility is stunning .
so clean and fresh .
the doctors are all very thorough .
dr. caplan is great .
she listens to the concerns and also respects the parents input and preferences .
high quality care here for sure .
they are easy to talk to , prompt , professional and flexible .
all the way , two thumbs up ; i recommend them with great confidence .
my wife and i decided to treat ourselves to couple massages .
i was reluctant , but i am so glad we have done it .
i look very forward to our monthly couples massage .
the staff at gilbert and germanne is very attentive and nice .
my wife swears by the salt scrub foot treatment !
the therapists are top notch as well ! !
i like the staff and the wait time is always short !
i started training 4 weeks ago with seth .
the first few sessions were tough .
i began getting stronger right away , and appreciated the encouragement from seth .
thanks to seth for helping me get my body and strength back !
had my cleaning today and it was great and fast service !
i saw hieu , dr wong and zabee !
thanks for a stress free visit !
this place is as good as it gets .
-and finally ... free meal at noodles & co. with your visit receipt !
i mean what ? !
i have found my dentist !
i really loved all the help and great customer service !
yeah i guess u could say i like the place .
for a fresh change he is not that businessman only thinking of profit .
his medical knowledge is second to none .
he also exhibits an exemplary bedside manner .
he literally will hold your hand throughout the whole process .
he is also very honest about treatment .
standing next to dr. fisch is his staff .
this is honestly the best dental office i 've ever been to .
i came in with severe sinus pressure and congestion .
after a week of dealing with this i was at my breaking point !
the staff here was so nice and efficient !
they really made my whole experience here great !
i could n't believe how gracious , efficient and caring this office was !
i will definitely be back !
he was very concerned and actively involved in my treatment .
i ca n't put in words how amazing this place is .
i have always been nervous coming into the dentist for any reason .
blown away by this place and will be a customer for life !
this place is always busy .
would recommend for 2 to 4 people .
the quinoa onion rings are delicious - order it with chipotle mayo .
i also love their hot sauce .
i 'm not vegan or vegetarian and i 've enjoyed everything i 've tried .
not only is this location beautiful but the staff is very friendly and helpful !
they have definitely helped me change my opinion of dentists .
i had n't even thought of reviewing roadrunner until i saw someone else 's .
my siberian husky was diagnosed with valley fever and prescribed fluconazole .
( sometimes a toy , sometimes treats . )
and so it went for about a year .
then i moved to san diego .
apparently , valley fever is not so common there .
then i got the price for a month supply of fluconazole .
same pills , same dosage , triple the price ! !
we took our dog to the animal hospital as a last resort .
every vet who saw her x-rays said we needed to do surgery immediately .
they stood to make a great profit off of both hips .
would highly recommend if you 're looking for a professional , kind atmosphere !
i have nerve pain in my feet and the sea salt massage is wonderful .
i go there now after every work out .
the food here is really great !
i had the falafel tacos and quinoa onion rings .
the tacos are super messy .
they also have really good hot sauce .
once i got my food though , the service was pretty nonexistent .
this place also gets pretty packed .
they do have a patio to sit outside as well .
i 'll be back , and hopefully service will be better next time .
probably one of the most unique spa experiences i 've had .
i had the one hour reflexology ( whole body ) plus shampoo .
the head massage is fantastic !
ask for jenny -- she does a great job !
clean , serene atmosphere , great value and an overall relaxing , therapeutic experience !
for a ymca , the dowd is an awesome gym .
the athletic conditioning class is no joke !
you will 100 % be sore the next day .
i also go to the morning spin classes .
the instructors vary by day , but there 's a great mix .
in addition , this year they did a million dollar reno .
and once the reno is 100 % complete it will be really awesome !
i love everyone there .
the staff and dentist are very helpful and attentive to my needs .
they left me smiling and i look forward to my next cleaning .
i had a wisdom tooth removed at this office earlier this week .
dr bond and his staff were great !
they deserve the 5 stars i 'm giving them !
this is definitely one of the most comfortable offices for gynecological visits .
dr quinn is a very good dentist and i never feel any pain .
i 've been going to this dentist for over 4 years now !
thumbs up for the dr and his staff !
they also call to remind you when you need cleanings .
that personal touch goes a long way .
mandana kheshtchin and navid javadi are both extremely gentle and personable .
they are down to earth and reasonable in their prices .
i went to charles for juvederm lip injections .
i had gotten my lips injected elsewhere and was very unhappy with them .
charles is super friendly and made sure i felt comfortable during the whole experience .
at $ 29 for a single visit you ca n't beat it .
they first go over your problems so they can focus on a specific area .
i have referred several people to the joint .
i had a broken wisdom tooth with a cavity .
i was in and out in less than an hour .
everyone was friendly and professional .
i even got a shirt !
he listened , did n't rush me through anything - i was definitely satisfied !
phew ... these things are usually hit or miss .
and it was amazing ! !
this was our first visit but it wo n't be our last .
great options , prices and service , fantastic place !
i had a really great experience with affordable dentures and implants .
something you can probably only appreciate if you 've been in a similar situation .
my mom had trouble holding still and repeatedly failed to follow instructions .
carlos never stopped smiling and encouraging her .
jennifer assisted with the surgery .
she was incredibly kind , gentle , and thoughtful .
dr. athari has an amazing sense of calm about him .
he walked us through everything and talked to us throughout the procedure .
always helpful , knowledgeable , kind , and gentle .
it took a day to get a call back to schedule .
we waited a little while in the office too .
that 's worth waiting for .
overall , they work like a well-oiled machine .
we got to meet the whole team , including their on-site lab techs .
every single person met us with a smile and kind words .
i can not thank dr. athari enough for creating an environment like this .
that 's a major difference worth noting .
they also have an on-site lab , which saves costs as well .
anyway , again , sending a huge thank-you to dr. athari and his staff .
you guys are beyond awesome .
the staff at spectrum dermatology is wonderful , everyone is so kind and helpful .
thank you lauren , you 're the best !
the people who works here are very nice and helpful .
they accept most insurance as well .
thank you , lisa .
happy to give dr. rehl the 5 stars he deserves .
i would give him 10 !
i just needed to know that this was going to be addressed with laura .
i recently had an eye appointment here and had a very good experience .
the staff were friendly and provided prompt services .
they were knowledgeable about my insurance benefits and selection of eyeglasses .
i am a repeat customer there and will return again for any concerns .
i definitely recommend this place for your vision and eyewear needs !
love coming to dr. pfondevida !
always has time for our family , and his staff are amazing !
tyler and kristine go above and beyond in customer service !
we are happy with everything and have been customers now for almost 3 years !
the entire staff are amazing and i ca n't recommend them enough .
today i had a mammogram at the ahwatukee simonmed imaging office .
laura was so kind and professional .
the exam was less painful than normal , and she was quick to finish .
i would highly recommend anyone needing a mammogram to request laura .
dr malek is a true artist i would recommend him to anyone ! !
i have referred friends of mine to him for botox etc ..
i highly recommend this location as i have seen great results .
he helped and after 3 treatments the pain and knots were gone .
i would recommend him to anyone .
i 'm from portland but visit scottsdale often .
the staff from the front desk to doctors were amazing .
there is a big difference between given options and a sales pitch .
i 'll be back soon !
however , the last time they were spot on .
while i was there , the nurses and doctors were great .
i was scared and they were so reponsive and kind .
wonderful front desk staff smiled right when i walked it .
saw molly m , who was very pleasant and helpful .
beautiful office and well organized .
i was able to get an appointment last minute too !
my masseuse rebecca , was amazing !
you could tell she was very experienced .
great service , friendly staff .
thank you charles for making me feel pretty .
i love my lips .
you 're a true artist .
i can tell how much you love what you do .
i ca n't thank you enough .
you 're awesome & your staff makes me feel so comfortable .
the dentist took his time to explain my treatment options .
his staff is super nice and the office clean .
i actually had a pleasant experience .
i went in for a root canal .
dr ike hardy strikes me as knowledgeable , skilled , and trustworthy .
he really makes you feel you 're in good hands .
the staff were nice and friendly .
i had the best pedicure ever here !
the spa food i ordered was delicious and tasted pretty healthy .
one dish is enough for 2people to share .
downside : i had a chatty cathy getting a pedicure next to me .
the tea that they had tasted artificially sweetened .
i was horrified , as i stay far away from unhealthy preservatives .
i stuck with water .
the spa pool was nothing to write home about .
definitely was not relaxing at all .
lots of loud people drinking too much .
it 's easy to make an appointment and they usually run on time .
we 're able to access all medical appointment notes from home which is awesome !
we definitely recommend her !
they released my back pain .
i can walk upright again .
i will go back my next trip .
he is so personable and trustworthy .
he knows what he 's doing and makes you feel comfortable .
i 've gotten botox , dysport and juvederm with him .
he has a great eye for perfection .
i recommend everyone to him .
thank you charles for always making me feel my best !
before stepping into the doors , i have never taken a cross fit class .
i have to say , these trainers blew my mind ! !
how awesome is that ! !
the place is so clean and organized .
the instructors ... fantastic ! !
they really focus on safety and are really motivating .
everyone was so welcoming and did n't show anything they could n't do .
if you sign up , you 're getting more then your money 's worth !
these guys are really passionate about what they do and mean business !
but are also fun and are really inspiring .
my extended family and i have been going there for years .
this is a great place to get a very inexpensive facial .
i love the product lines they use , hylunia and rhonda allison .
i brought my husband here for a fever and nausea .
the front desk staff was friendly and efficient .
the entire center was very clean and well kept .
the doctors and nurses we interacted with with also very friendly and efficient .
would definitely recommend if you 're not feeling well !
my first time here and was very pleased with the customer service all around .
they have a really nice selection of glasses also .
staff was kind and courteous
so i 'm back yet again with worsening asthma symptoms .
their appointment system sucks ! ! !
u have to leave a message and then they 'll call you back .
and it 's always nice and cool in there which is a plus .
hence my pain ay quest labs yesterday .
it was a really quick visit but i did n't feel rushed at all .
as i exited chaos inside where the doctors gather , i mean utter chaos .
i mean really care ! ! !
visited the scottsdale office today with our daughter .
can honestly say it was the best office visit our family has ever experienced .
not to mention the quickest appointment ever ! !
everyone we had the pleasure of interacting with was very friendly and knowledgeable .
highly recommend dr. hrasky and his pa trent !
i 've come here for a prp facial , botox and fillers .
the staff is always very accommodating and friendly .
on top of that , their prices are fantastic .
i see kristen for tattoo removal and she is amazing !
she made such a difference in my tattoo after one session .
i had had four prior sessions somewhere else and the results were very different .
dr bates was very insightful and pleasant to discuss the options for my pain .
i would recommend him to others .
dr. burdorf and his staff are great , very easy going and personable .
appointments are easy to book and waiting times are very little .
dr. burdorf has helped my neck feel much better and stronger .
we would highly recommend rescue my speech !
dr gettelman is awesome !
i have been terrified of dentists of any kind for my entire life .
he cares about your concerns and has a very calming demeanor .
ca n't say enough about this wonderful professional .
ca n't thank him enough for making my dental visit comfortable .
i had scrub wrap massage package .
i will go back ! ! !
this location is so much better than the umc clinic mom visited for years .
mom is now here due to her doctor having transferred recently .
we were greeted immediately and seen very quickly with no wait time .
jay was so amazing .
he was so caring , gentle , and kind .
we were in great hands and are so thankful .
our little girl even received a popsicle afterward .
i highly recommend this location .
thank you so much for taking such great care of our girl tonight !
we recently had another little girl who we also have seen here .
dr. ankrah is their primary doctor , but we 've also seen dr. ball .
they are both wonderful .
dr becky has been amazing for my children .
we love you dr becky !
the massage was awesome .
really worked out some soreness .
beautiful studio , peaceful and relaxing .
nichola ( aka kerry washington ) was the bomb !
my daughter had to get braces and was very nervous .
nichola was awesome and made my babes experience the best .
the entire staff seems awesome .
i would like to also thank the lady that handled the billing .
absolute dental is the absolute bomb !
thank you guys ! !
medshape made me lose 27 ponds in 3 weeks !
the workers at medshape are really nice .
judy gerber is the best at this .
her home office is clean and her rates are very reasonable .
i have been using her for many years ( hormones change ) .
i had a liposuction procedure this morning .
the staff was there 15 minutes early .
made me very comfortable in the lobby .
i am a regular shopper , great store for prices and convenience .
my only caution , check the expiry dates on everything .
i highly recommend above & beyond acupuncture .
i was not sleeping and was becoming irritable , anxious and depressed .
the md recommended non-steroidals , more cortisone injections , and most likely surgery .
i was not satisfied with this plan !
paul employed cupping and acupuncture and had me out of pain in no time .
i have no numbness or tingling , am sleeping peacefully and exercising again .
i feel like i have my life back !
the office is very peaceful and paul exudes a calming , healing energy .
i saw sarah for several months while living in las vegas .
sarah was incredibly helpful to me during a very difficult time in my life .
sarah was easy to open up to and her guidance was a tremendous help .
one of the best counseling experiences i 've been a part of .
treated my daughter so well .
i finally got the answers i was looking for regarding my daughters skin issues .
i 'm so thankful for this office !
we left here so relaxed .
we kind of just randomly stopped in here one day because of the location .
the owner explained all of the services and benefits to us .
she even recommended some tea from her country , which was delicious !
we both got a 60 minute massage , which was absolutely amazing .
in fact the best massage i 've ever had .
tip- do n't wear makeup !
we booked an appointment in the morning for same day service .
they have lockers for your belongings and shoes .
we 'll be back !
my review is for 3/17/16 .
i was a first-time customer and found out about this place through groupon .
yaaaay ! ! ! ! !
open til 9pm 7 days a week .
i 'd refer him to anyone !
heather gave me a 90 minute deep tissue massage and she was awesome .
he always leaves exhausted but happy & feeling amazing .
the front office staff deserves 5 stars as well .
michael is a master at managing all kinds of pain .
dr tobin took great care of me .
i no longer have to change batteries every few days , what a relief .
this place is amazing .
i was puking all night and had an extremely high temp .
which is awesome , if you 've ever been to an er .
they typically take a few hours , not a couple .
they were all very friendly !
and it was a wonderful experience !
what a night and day difference between that place and sw spine and sport .
i have seen dr. wolff and dr. komar and ashley the nurse .
they are all so incredibly nice , patient , caring and knowledgable .
and they have done a great job .
i have had much relief under their care !
the oral surgeon , dr. baddam was so fast and efficient .
christine totally put me at ease and calmed me down .
these girls are very skilled at what they do .
their kindness will never be forgotten and truly give hope to doctors out there .
no doubt you will want to go there for the best care !
shout out to danielle for you constant support , encouragement and heart of service .
jamy and i thank you all , from the bottom of our hearts ... .
this was the best decision i have made .
thank you for providing my family with the best care .
we chose the brand and flavor ... and guess what ?
they were out of stock until monday .
i could n't have been any happier .
the tooth matched my existing veneers perfectly .
thank you dr. chow for being so patient with me !
very nice , comfortable and unpretentious place .
professional and courteous staff and massage-therapists .
ca n't go wrong with this convenient and accessible 'spa ' .
after taking the tests with the optometrist i was introduced to dr. marc .
i really appreciate dr. marc for the honesty and professionalism .
i was visiting las vegas and dropped in at this great box .
omar is a boss- great coach with a great vibe about him .
we 'll be back whenever we 're in vegas again !
carmel foot specialists at the park rd .
office was welcoming , attentive , friendly , and thorough .
the staff made me feel comfortable despite by broken foot .
the doctors and tech staff were willing and ready answer any questions i had .
i highly recommend dr. kaiser and dr. miller for all of your foot needs .
i was in charlotte on vacation and needed immediate attention .
i was able to be scheduled quickly and get everything i needed .
he listens to your concerns and does n't rush through your appointment .
his office is one of a kind-exquisite !
i felt like i was at a spa not at the dentist ! ! !
karina gave a fabulous massage .
so relaxing and wonderful .
michaella was a fabulous hair stylist .
she did exactly what i had hoped for my hair and it looked terrific !
i was so happy .
i ca n't recommend them enough !
a very warm , welcoming , relaxing , non-intimidating salon .
hiteck does not offer this service but prints them on the spot for you .
we had marie for the anatomy scan some weeks back and she was amazing .
so i made an appointment here and they got me in that same week .
i am sooooo happy i chose those office to go to .
the receptionists were very intelligent and kind .
i noticed they all made very good eye contact .
i also never waited more than 5-10 minutes for my appointment .
the dental assistant was one of the nicest people i 've met .
the doctor was phenomenal .
his name is dr. chow .
appreciate too for the new customer discount nicole gave to me .
definitely a place to stop when next in vegas !
absolutely worth my 5 star rating !
dr gawley is confident , optimistic and easy to talk to .
when i visit the radiologist and oncologist , they 've all complimented his work .
if i could give dr. vanyo-novak ten stars i would .
she is friendly , understanding , and empathic .
she listens and explains .
very happy to have found her .
dr susan wilder is truly the best of the best .
i wholeheartedly recommend both her and lifescape medical !
it has been nothing but a positive experience .
i always had a great experienced every time i come here .
mia , did a great job as always .
job was excellent with my teeth cleaning .
she 's friendly and caring .
dr. khorshid and his assistant martina , thank you for the amazing service .
hence why it caught my eye .
puny i know but stick with me here .
i had to head over to pick up his glasses .
when i walked in.. it looked like a eye glasses spa .
will be making myself an appointment soon as well !
every person i have been in contact with are friendly and patient .
this time i had kevin as my massage therapist .
he is , by far , the best i have ever had .
and i 've had many masseuses .
even some i visited regularly .
i am so grateful for the skills these therapist have .
thank you so very much kevin !
i will be back !
we drive 45 minutes to come here !
dr. randi rubenzik treats my 13 year old daughter with such respect !
her assistant , danielle , is just the same !
we will continue to make this our primary dermatologist !
everyone was very friendly , professional and helpful .
after a brief chat with her , i met the hygienist .
arrive in advance as parking is a bit hard to find in dormont .
we visited the spa yesterday for a treatment and massage .
may come back again but just letting everyone know this is what they do .
i 'm so happy i found this place !
10/10 highly recommend ! ! !
the shop is still around !
as an mma fighter , i absolutely love request a test .
i 've used them twice already and they 're awesome .
you can create an account and your results are online for download anytime .
once i got over my issues , i found angel dentistry .
it has been a completely different experience and they have been nothing but wonderful .
thank goodness my insurance got switched back and i can now resume my visits !
happy girl and happy teeth !
and dr mcnulty and no & si sure as hell came through .
and the office is kind of run down honestly .
i was pretty shocked when they took me anyway .
i would 've been fine coming back the next day .
from beginning to end , a good experience .
easy check in , smooth sailing through judic 's tech meeting .
the optometrist was friendly and efficient .
thanks for making it easy !
will definitely send friends and family here .
first time here for a specialty prescription .
double checked with me before filling script .
seats for waiting with a tv .
easy , strip center parking .
nice part of town too !
had the thai burger , fries with miso gravy ... ..fantastic ... ..
i love stopping here to pick up healthy supplies .
they have canidae dog food which is wonderful and my pet loves it .
i 'm not a vegetarian but i love the food here !
the flavours are all very innovative and i always leave feeling very satisfied .
i highly recommend this place ! ! !
caitlin who helped my friend and i signed in was super friendly and informative .
love , love , love this office !
everyone is so nice and helpful !
dr. kelly virnig is the jam !
best eye doctor around !
i followed her too this office from a different office she use-to work at !
i have had the best experience at synergy .
my pt ben has worked so well with me .
my first visit i had a brace and a walker .
by the end of my first hour he had me walking unassisted .
the attention and care by all the employees surpassed my expectations .
i can not say enough wonderful things about synergy .
what a great group of professional , knowledgeable and kind people .
i highly recommend this place for a great massage in charlotte .
i was riding my mtn bike on blue diamond and cimarron .
i got hit n run from behind and was knocked unconscious .
i spent 3 months in hospital ( 1 month in coma ) .
i 'm now going to ati for therapy .
i highly recommend this place .
they are patient and get you on the road to recovery .
i especially recommend jenna and lupe .
they have nice place and great job teams massage  i like so much .
it is really nice place and the service is great !
the price is reasonable !
i definitely will come back again and bring my friends also .
i always feel better after a visit to the joint and highly recommend them .
one of the best pediatric dental offices i 've been to .
i love the interior design of the place .
their whole office has a sea life type theme .
he made the girls smile and feel comfortable .
dr. wrye is awesome !
awesome , amazing , honest , gentle .
dr. crow is the best .
i told him no thanks and went with a friends referral to dr. crow .
dr. crow and staff i can not thank you enough .
i am out of pain .
tooth fixed and done right .
did n't break the bank either .
thank you so much .
and the chips with hummus .
i would come back here again but with specific products in mind .
and get cash back at many places ... including whole foods !
that money can be used as credit for your next ride .
i switched to dr. vicuna last year and could n't be happier !
she 's very knowledgeable and makes the appointment an enjoyable one .
her staff is also great as well .
this is the best dentist office i have ever been to .
yes nasty plaque and calculus .
so , i come back another day to meet with susanne , the hygienist .
this is where the real fun started .
yes , a deep cleaning and espn all at the same time .
what more could you ask for ?
if you can request susanne for your cleaning you 'll be happy .
my wife and i both were .
but she got me in right away .
the dentist , dr. whelan did some beautiful work on my sons teeth today !
happy i found them for my kids !
this place is amazing .
dr. r is wonderful .
his office is spotless and his staff take care of themselves .
they also work with you financially if you do n't have insurance .
i highly recommend him .
he may cost a little more than others but the quality is worth it .
i recently decided to move forward with invisalign .
dr r and chelsey were wonderful explains everything so i have a positive experience .
you get what you pay for and they are competitive with pricing !
the best dentist ! ! ! !
this man is a wonderful , gentle and caring doctor .
i have found my new forever dentist .
when do you hear that kind of review ?
this gym features erika waltz cardio dance on sundays at 9:00am .
she is the most amazing dancer .
she also teaches thursday mornings but sadly i have to work ! !
do not miss out ! !
you will forget you 're exercising because you 'll be having so much fun !
... and i would not miss a chance to train with pfs and brandon .
to call premier fitness systems .
i 've been here a few times .
i am always able to relax even while i 'm waiting for my appt .
denise did my facial tonite .
annie is my choice for massage , she is incredible .
i like this place !
the juice flavours and options are limitless and very tasty .
would recommend to anyone !
booked a swedish massage here with my friend while visiting vegas .
we had a great time !
the price was very reasonable , especially compared to spas at the hotel .
just off the strip .
took a cab , and got there in a few minuets .
the place was very clean and friendly .
i absolutely love the dcor .
you definitely feel like you 're in vegas !
this is a great place for relaxation !
it started off with being picked up by their own transportation .
then i got the most relaxing massage , followed by a mani and pedi .
this was all included in one package which is such a great deal !
it was hard to make out the car since they match every other vehicle .
2 ) use no chip nail polish .
once i left the spa , i noticed my nails smushed a bit .
i was getting married that day and i was a bit disappointed by that .
within a day , the polish broke off .
other than that , i would highly recommend this place !
staff is friendly and appointments run on time .
dr. bates has excellent bed side manner .
my back and shoulder issues are resolving which i am grateful .
my whole family goes to sunrise dental !
i always tell people who are looking for a new dentist to go here !
we love everyone in the office .
beverly , the dental hygienist , gives the most thorough cleanings .
she really takes her time and is very efficient .
you can tell that she really loves what she does .
dr. seto is great too !
she very nice and give very thorough exams !
they are all very accommodating and considerate .
i 've been going to dr. weingartens office for a few months now .
he did my ear & nose surgery he is awesome !
the staff is nice too which you do n't see very often .
i would definitely recommend this office .
i finally found dr. bernard from lifesigns ! !
dr. bernard is actually the best dr. in town .
he 's so amicable and personal .
like the old school drs .
thanks again , welltrac .
the atmosphere and professionalism was excellent .
the staff was definitely the best part of my experience .
chad took my imagination with my mris .
he was absolutely fantastic .
he was knowledgeable and thorough .
i could n't of asked for a better experience .
simonmed in henderson puts all other radiological practices to shame .
thank you to everyone at simonmed henderson , you all are amazing .
thank you for your help !
i was very pleased with the service i received from pearson eyecare group .
that never happened and i have been stuck with glasses ever since .
i am now a contact wearer again !
yelping i found great reviews on pain stop n. scottsdale and dr. mitch .
i have degenerated disc and arthritis .
no pain pills just great care .
recently had 3 wisdom teeth removed , the bottom ones were impacted .
they made my experience super relaxed & easy .
5 stars would absolutely recommended to anyone in the area for the best care .
i love everyone here !
i had a great first experience , warm greeting for my consultation .
in all , we highly recommend this practice .
that is ob gyn burt webb , md .
along came dr. webb to my rescue .
he is compassionate and thorough .
his staff is great .
charlotte is a skilled ultrasound tech and amanda is welcoming and thorough .
front office is proficiant and accommodating .
office wait time was minimal .
east to get an appointment .
medicine in the usa is not practiced that way .
it is her responsibility to have her records forwarded to her new physician .
her review sounds hysterical and it is very unfair .
would i recommend dr. burt webb ?
if you want one of the very best , the answer is yes !
i am bummed to see a 1 star .
not to mention the guy at the window joe , is super nice .
he remembers little things .
i ca n't imagine bad customer service at this location .
great establishment with wonderful staff .
absolutely would recommend to a friend !
do yourself a favor and book an appointment !
i took my dog to agape and it is like night and day .
my dog could barely move or lift her head on our first visit .
we tweaked her diet and dr b worked her muscles and did gentle adjustments .
after 3 visits lucy is a new dog .
arcadia well woman was the best !
had a specific situation with insurance , etc .
staff is friendly and help you correct any bad form while doing the routine .
if you 're looking for a professional , this is the place ! ! !
love , love love !
dr. candace and dr. emily are fantastic and treat you with respect .
love being treated and love the acupuncture .
his staff is awesome as well .
would recommend him definitely !
dr quan is amazing .
i 've got to tell you , it was not fun .
he showed me a few gentle exercises which i did as recommended .
he wanted me to come back four days later .
i did n't see any improvement but kept my appointment .
more deep massage , etc .
this time he did electro acupuncture .
this session was easier ; massage , acupuncture , and cupping .
typically a pain cycle like this will last three months .
i 'm so glad i found dr quan !
the office is comfortable and spa-like .
they will even text you if you like to communicate that way .
this place is quite the opposite .
every detail is paid attention to .
i would recommend every healthy pregnant woman to deliver here .
i would have paid twice as much to have such an amazing experience .
never once did i think i needed a hospital or any kind of intervention .
i was so empowered that i was able to block out the pain .
we were back home in our own bed just a few hours afterwards .
her class was a powerful experience and she even takes pictures during the birth .
i chose babymoon inn because they do so much more than midwifery .
they have nurses , lactation consultants , classes , massages , and a doula .
it was also far more professional .
i will definitely deliver all of my future children there !
i have had really great experiences with dr. mcadams and his team .
everyone at the office was really friendly .
good dental practices do exist !
the owner is friendly and extremely accommodating !
will definitely visit whenever i 'm on carson !
so glad we did !
i had full body massage $ 30 for 1hr .
felt like a $ 150 massage !
forgot her name sorry !
i was referred to dr berardi after being diagnosed with breast cancer .
i never regretted my decision .
we never felt rushed or foolish for asking a multitude of questions .
a pre-cancerous lesion was identified on my nose by dr. rubinzik .
then a mohs procedure by dr. kim with closure by dr. stutman .
can not say enough about all the staff , very courteous and prompt .
angela is an excellent masseuse !
she is just amazing .
she combines many different techniques and tailors the massage to your needs .
she is very knowledgeable with anatomy & the different mechanisms that cause injury .
i definitely recommend her !
eternal thanks to optician jason l. ! ! ! !
i was there last week to get glasses for my niece .
truly thank you jason .
you have our family 's love , respect and gratitude .
this is a great medical spa with a good prices and friendly staff .
everyone was very friendly and professional and made me feel at ease .
pam was my hygienist and she was excellent .
in need of an amazing massage ?
have knots the size of baseballs ?
do n't care about ambience or decor ?
want to walk out feeling good and revitalized ?
look no further than tokyo shiatsu clinic aka suzuki shiatsu at the beaches/the beach .
it 's a one-room clinic with massage tables .
it 's a good thing you keep your clothes on , huh ?
all the staff were very kind and good with my sick baby .
i 'm so glad my baby was able to get relief so quickly !
i made my appointment and was seen very quickly .
the staff is so friendly and available to answer questions or concerns .
i had a regular exam , x-ray and teeth cleaning .
my teeth have never been so clean .
he checked for everything regarding the mouth and even lymph nodes and tonsils .
i have never had this level of service from a dental office .
they have won a new patient over .
this will definitely be my hme dental office going forward .
other places charge 150-250 $ just for consultation .
not an urgent care place more like a check up place .
i had a really bad rash all over my legs .
i took the medication and it actually cleared up my rash .
great experience worth the wait .
recommend this place if you have no insurance .
so happy to find this place !
everyone is so nice and professional .
they really make sure that you are completely satisfied with your massage .
i will continue to come back once a month !
been coming here for over a year now .
dr clark is amazing .
neck and back adjustments .
overall , it was a very positive experience and we set up future appointments .
her assistant chance is also great .
i 'm normally very fearful of the doctor but this place is awesome !
staff has always been nice to me and always get treated properly .
i had my first thai massage today and it was extraordinary .
it 's been called passive yoga and that 's what it felt like .
i am 63 and used to be quite flexible .
dominic stretched and pulled my limbs and muscles like i was young again .
prices were very reasonable .
facility was new and clean .
this therapy has been integral to my recovery .
i 'm able to sleep peacefully , enjoy more flexibility and move without pain !
i had shoulder trouble for 2 years !
i could hardly move my left arm without pain .
i tried everything short of having surgery !
a friend of mine suggested acupuncture as an alternative .
well i was sooo desperate i thought what the heck ! !
dr lee was really nice and very comforting .
especially to someone who had never done acupuncture .
within 2 visits i was able to move my arm without pain ! !
after 5 visits i had full range of motion ! !
of course your mileage may vary .
in other words your results may differ .
and let me tell you i have made some doozies ! ! !
my shoulder and i can not recommend dr lee enough ! !
artistic created boutique instead of the typical clinical `` sterile '' looking optical space !
notice the displays ... nice touch !
so your insurance will be footing part of the bill !
they have plenty of great looking less typical eyewear for men !
plenty of styles for ladies too !
many brands i have heard of and a few i have not !
wish they had some they did not !
near `` al 's pizza ''
best choice i 've ever made .
i got 2 teeth extracted on my 1st visit like nothing .
the facilities are beautiful and liked that they use new technologies too .
definitely would recommend it to family and friends .
they suggested meds , ice , and `` rest until you feel better '' .
that is a band-aid , not a cure !
my teeth got 5-6 shades whiter and the process was painless .
treat yourself to a younger smile !
you 'll be glad you did !
at least i sure am !
thank you true teeth whitening !
i 'll be back for maintenance every 6-12 months because i love these results !
i discovered this place on yelp and i 'm hooked .
i 'm halfway through my treatment and i am seeing fantastic results .
the technicians who work there know exactly what they are doing .
i loved robin and nancy ! !
i highly recommend this place if you 're looking to get laser hair treatment .
they 're affordable , offer discounts , and care about their clients .
this place was awesome .
i had my very first mri done here this morning .
todd took care of me and did my mri .
he made me feel so comfortable !
i was nervous before going in but he made me feel very calm .
i highly recommend this office .
tribe classes : i am coming up on my fifth season of tribe classes .
i have tried core , life and fit .
i love them all ! !
justin , sandy and ericka have been my trainers thus far .
all are engaging , encouraging and personable .
i work with some teammates and others are members of the gym .
this gym is the best ! ! !
the facility is always clean .
every time im there , you see young staff working hard and with smiles .
the bathrooms are well stocked with refreshments and they always smell good .
other perks : owner is always there and says hello .
they knew exactly where needed to be worked on .
never felt like they were rushing .
we will be coming back on our next visit to vegas .
other than that , this place is great .
the selection is the best i 've seen .
the customer service is never anything but perfect .
go see thomas , he will take good care of you .
dr. lawyer is a fantastic doctor .
he spends time with me and makes sure my lenses are perfect !
the office support staff are welcoming , friendly , and efficient .
let me start by saying , i never write reviews , good or bad .
that being said , i 've been to shea women 's care twice now .
my appointments are usually early morning and the wait time is almost non-existent .
the nurse practitioner , nancy jorgensen , is so wonderful !
i immediately felt at ease once i met her .
i honestly ca n't say enough good things about her !
as far as the staff , i thought they were very efficient and friendly .
but we love dr.garcia just the same !
she is attentive , thorough , caring , and knows what she 's doing .
the staff is wonderful as well .
you wear comfortable clothing and do not undress like a typical massage .
you could n't beat it !
i normally pay one dollar per hour back in nh .
on my second visit i asked for specific areas to concentrate on .
if you are ever in the area you must give them a try !
they are a full service fertility practice conveniently located in henderson .
gvfp provided all of that and more .
you 'll love this team !
i have used dr morley for 3 years .
he has exceptional price plans and no ripoffs .
can i give this place 10 because it deserves it .
so i went in during the day on a monday .
i discussed i was looking for a reflexology & body massage .
i 've been to about 8-10 foot spas in vegas as well .
give them a try !
i recently had surgery here .
and i am thoroughly impressed with there patient care .
check in for the surgery was very smooth and everyone was so friendly .
i ended up having my surgery bumped up by an hour .
they explained everything to me and ensured that i was ok and comfortable .
otherwise everyone else was very kind and comforting .
overall very impressed with patient care at this hospital .
usually , i make an appointment for blood work .
the place was pretty crowed at 10:50a.m .
but , i was in and out in 28 minutes .
so , pretty quick service , imo .
my tech , anna , did a great job on taking my blood .
i hardly felt the needle go in .
also , considering we have deep vains , they find them with little effort .
my daughter had a veneer break while visiting a couple of years ago .
she called dr angel 's office .
she had issues with that veneer several times and had gone to several dentists .
dr angel was the first dentist to fix it correctly .
everyone at dr angel 's office is friendly and professional .
the waiting times are short , yet i have never felt rushed .
she also does n't try to convince you to have unnecessary procedures .
the office is comfortable , clean and conveniently located .
almost made the experience enjoyable !
they are always encouraging .
thanks dr v & yolanda !
edibles have always been a1 and i especially enjoy the elixirs they have .
the selection of frames and different styles is awesome !
and the prices are very good .
thankyou for another great experience .
do i get a prize ?
kay tran eye wear opening event vibe fashionable .
lots of fashion editors and gals about town at this party .
i felt so under-dressed !
i love hearing stories like that !
the result : the kaytran fit .
that 's the worst ! )
i 'm tempted to buy eyeglasses again .
shop nothing was brought but i wanted to buy lots !
mama needs a new pair of aviators .
obligatory catchy remark pink but no pink eye .
website as it 's online and in other retailers : www.kaytran.com
i have been coming to brookstone for many years and i absolutely love them !
thank you dr.goldring and his wonderful staff .
best of all the consultation is free no obligation to anything .
super excited to become a part of the got ta yoga community !
we love the originality of each instructor and the various styles of vinyasa yoga !
dr. doug pospicil is an amazing dentist !
he is thorough , gentle , and conservative .
he has the highest integrity and his team is also wonderful !
technician tiffany is superb in both skill and customer service .
jaime & donnie were part of the package .
i turned over my grill to donald while he was in dental school .
they are already outfitting their office with state of the art equipment .
donnie 's sweet mom is holding down the front desk .
they have a lovely assistant you might mistake for rihanna .
and then do n't come crying to me .
i tried to tell you .
if you 're smart you 'll try to edge into their inner circle .
as great as they are at their profession they are even better friends .
i have been going to body fit for over a year and love it !
marcus is amazing , a great trainer and very knowledgable .
i am down 24lbs since i started and i feel better than ever !
people are friend and really enjoy massage therapist sharon .
she is very in-tune with her clients and their needs .
i had an amazing 80 minute peppermint deep tissue with korinna .
truly one of the best massages i have ever had ! !
she was personal , professional and had fantastic technique .
i then had a signature facial with norma and my skin feels wonderful ! !
she gave me a number of great skin care at home tips too !
i highly recommend a touch of las vegas and will definitely be back ! !
always get the soup .
it is fresh , filling with veggie goodness , never overcooked or lifeless .
everybody can eat here .
my skeptic of vegetarian anything , friend loves their vegan burger .
the fries are amazing .
he also followed up to ensure things improved .
i would definitely use this service over going to urgent care .
i have been thinking about lasik surgery for years .
these guys made my decision easy .
not only was it the best decision but the staff was so great .
they are the best !
i have followed her since i was 16 and will always !
she has always made me feel so comfortable and safe in her service .
she has an amazing energy and the most fun personality .
you will never leave here disappointed .
i have been going to linda for almost a year .
she is amazing at lashes & massages especially for a reasonable price !
i think her name is dana .
dana - you rock .
i had another awesome experience there .
such a huge fan !
impress with my visit on july 30 @ 1145pm .
you will never find a better dentist .
the staff is fantastic , and the office is clean and lovely .
i wish there were more stars to give !
everyone here was so welcoming and friendly and chill .
best dentist office i 've ever been to .
she had very pretty eyes .
i am 27 and i will be attending this dentist office for life probably .
we came here with a groupon .
we had smoothies and paninis for a late lunch .
i had the lemongrass and sesame paninis with beef .
it was great ! !
the menu has many options and the prices are reasonable .
4 stars for food and drinks and 1 star for the groupon discount .
i absolutely love this dental office .
dr. v is incredible , compassionate , and honest .
i would highly recommend this place to anyone who lives in phoenix .
her staff is awesome too .
i would never go any where else but here .
thanks again for everything .
i joined in february and have been going 3-4 times a week .
the location is very convenient and the staff is mostly friendly .
the other gym-goers mostly keep to themselves but are nice enough .
i ca n't comment on the equipment since i only do the classes .
very professional and kind .
i would definitely recommend their facility for physical therapy
i have never considered doing much else as i aged .
i was dedicated to `` aging gracefully '' .
the lines on my face had me horrified !
she was super informative .
i went home to give it some thought .
it was nearly painless and gail was very professional .
the office is conveniently located and very pretty .
the staff is super friendly .
spending a day here is like spending a day on vacation .
all of the staff was considerate and friendly , and the services were flawless .
i ca n't wait to come back !
the opposite is actually true .
the woman who helped me ( i ca n't remember her name unfortunately ! )
it 's so great to find retail gems like this shop .
already feeling better coming back two times a week .
very fast effective and reasonable price .
i had looked into natural birth many times throughout my first trimester .
after having yet again another bad experience with an obgyn i felt hopeless .
i found babymoon inn online and scheduled a tour based on the amazing reviews .
at the end of the tour i was holding back tears .
fast forward to the labor and delivery .
most amazing experience of my life .
i was so blessed by how much they did for me during labor .
i could not have asked for anything to go more smoothly .
i felt so much love and support .
the experience was truely empowering and life changing .
i ca n't say enough about how wonderful my experience was .
i have recommended him to several friends , all of whom love him !
my lines are perfect , my breast are perfect .
i feel so bad those other women did n't have dr. turkletaub .
i am so happy with my surgery .
thank you times infiniti dr !
my husband and i came here for massages .
everyone was very friendly and we loved the rock-n-roll theme .
i highly recommend doug .
i will definitely come back here when i 'm in las vegas again !
my smile has transformed !
but invisalign is so much more than that .
before invisalign , i thought how complicated it must be .
that has n't been my experience at all with dr. brigham .
he and his staff really make the whole process easy .
they go above and beyond for their patients .
you can feel the love and care they have on every visit .
we are n't just patients , we are family !
i definitely have something to smile about
this place is amazing .
everyone is very friendly , professional , and has great attention to detail .
this especially goes for gretchen who cleaned my teeth the other day .
she 's the best !
dr hood is the best ! !
i will never go anywhere else .
these folks are the very best on the state hands down .
dr shelly is awesome !
her holistic , organic approach to health and wellness is refreshing .
her positive attitude and wealth of knowledge is amazing .
wonderful front desk staff , they 're great and flexible with billing .
great massage by lisa ( 20+yrs experience ) .
90min for $ 50+ $ 20 .
a zoo next door ?
i hope management looks into it !
these folks are really nice and accomodating .
the quality of care was terrible and did n't help at all .
i did my two appointments and was going to give up on chiropractic .
from my first visit , i knew it was an awesome decision !
aided by dina ( who gives an excellent massage before the adjustment !
) , dr. cheree provided complete symptom relief for me within a couple appointments .
went here for my shoulder because i had surgery done on my labrum .
you learn alot in terms of posture and proper movement while performing the exercises .
it helps out big time .
i had to learn the hard way .
i 've seen other doctors in las vegas , and have felt rushed .
my appointments with dr. barrettoko are far from that .
i was also scheduled the same day i called for that visit .
i will definitely be continuing to stay with this practice .
the new office is much nicer , it 's clean , and organized .
superb , quality service every time .
goes beyond a massage into therapeutic benefit for any areas needed .
great to support # local as well !
i have been coming here for nearly 3 years .
they were also quick to call with any lab results .
my appointment was easy and painless .
dr. newton is friendly , efficient , and just gets to the point .
it 's also been really easy getting prescription renewals from them .
i have no complaints !
ylena is a miracle worker !
i feel more relaxed and rejuvenated after every visit !
i got ta say , cool experience !
after explaining to me the condition of my scalp ( learned lots !
i decided to buy them and give it a try .
the session itself was also $ 90 so total i spent $ 180 .
overall it was a great experience and the service was great .
i 'll give the products a try for awhile and go from there .
i am now smaller than the day i got married .
i 'm smaller than my high school weight !
one of the best doctors i know !
he takes time with his patients and very knowledgeable .
dr. burdorf is highly recommended for any type of neuro orthopedic rehabilitation needs .
a+++ in my book .
brandy was our ultrasound technician and was fabulous !
we could n't have had a better experience .
you wo n't regret it !
my mom recently passed away and had been under the care of sage hospice .
thomas was patient , caring and truly cared for my mom .
he was very good about following up with me , which i appreciated .
he was respectful and knew how to help her get through the rough spots .
i have been going to the dr. dameron for some time now .
they are also very good at notifications .
i love the email reminders in my outlook box .
love it here and so glad i found my go to dentist
it 's because it 's prices are so freakin good !
my girlfriend told me that the diva cup is $ 10 cheaper than elsewhere !
my gioavanni shampoo is $ 6.99 instead of $ 9.99 .
all the products we use are significantly cheaper here .
how do they do that ?
dr. shelly is the best !
i love this place !
always very welcoming and comforting as well .
justin is very compassionate and patient .
you can almost feel him earnestly wishing you to be better .
her name is evelyn , she was extremely patient , kind , and knowledgeable .
my wait time was about 20-30mins but i think it was worth it .
background : i lift and do crossfit .
candice at the front is amazing as well !
making appointments and checking in is always a joy !
i loved this no-frills , just-massage approach .
very professional , the perfect amount of pressure , and great student offers .
i will definitely be back and recommend to all !
the first script took 5 days .
the refill 1 day .
it was kind of a mini-miracle for me .
unfortunately , they charge anywhere from $ 20- $ 40 per 1ml shot !
i need that every other day .
i had a doctor willing to prescribe but he had to know the ingredients .
he agreed it could do no harm but also needed the ingredient list .
it is at least covered under my fsa so my cost is pre-tax .
it 's made an amazing difference for me .
i ca n't speak to anything besides vitamins .
just the b-complex mic shots .
i have been going to dr. pico for as long as i can remember .
very happy with my service here .
coming from a horrible pharmacy on dysart , this location is heaven sent .
come here , it 's worth the extra drive .
absolutely the kindest and most experienced care for your loved ones ( pets ) .
i love the natural approach and integrative approach to caring for our pets .
she is the best at what she does and a true professional .
cheri has improved my complexion dramatically .
my skin just glows !
her room is inviting and relaxing .
you will not be disappointed .
had my first microdermabrasion treatment recently .
it was so relaxing , and my skin looked much brighter and smoother afterward .
i really liked the way the doctor was training the new assistant .
he was very positive and detailed in what he was asking for .
i have had the best experiences with aurora eye care .
kara was absolutely fantastic !
the receptionist sarah was very helpful and kind on the phone and in person .
kara greeted me with a smile and a warm handshake .
the massage room was beautiful .
kara has warm hands and just the right amount of touch .
she did a mixture of swedish and deep tissue .
she was so nice and a delight to be around .
so i recently went in with a pretty bad ingrown toenail .
pac julie was terrific !
she was so kind and gentle !
made my visit way better than i expected !
definitely recommend her if you ever have an ingrown .
i walked in for an exam and they got me in super quick !
the dr. was very nice and answered all my questions .
i will definitely go back to this office .
everyone was friendly and accommodating .
i had an 80 minute swedish massage .
it was a very good massage and i was very relaxed .
this is my favorite canna-clinic location .
the staff is quick and super friendly .
i 'm glad to have one on the east-end now .
they are usually sold out of pre-rolls this is a downside to this location .
if you refer a friend you get a free gram !
thank you camelback derm !
megan is truly one of a kind .
she is incredibly knowledgeable and up-to-date .
clients can be confident that they are receiving the absolute best care !
dr. limkemann and staff are bringing back the family practice .
thankful to have found them .
truly compassionate , caring dr and pa 's and ma 's here .
it is so refreshing .
keep up the great work !
each treatment enhances the smoothness & i believe firmness of my skin .
the sheppard office was very clean and the staff were extremely caring .
they work efficiently and truly care about the care the patients receive .
i would definitely recommend dr. moncarz at the sheppard location .
went here because the scottsdale location had a line out the door .
my vet let me know about roadrunner .
he called in antibiotic eye ointment for my guinea pigs .
bullmoose orthodontics is a fabulous family life changing practice .
dr dykman and his staff are innovators as well as miracle workers .
thank you so much bullmoose team ! !
i thought i 'd end up waiting for hours to see a doctor .
place would be smelly or the nurses would be rude .
i was surprised that everyone was so so nice !
they attend to me immediately .
even the nurses were nice .
it 's 2am and the staff is just so kind .
i feel safe coming here .
no surgery was needed ; just rest and immobilization .
my physical therapist was heather b. and she was fantastic !
i noticed a huge difference between my first and last pt visit .
day 1 , i could n't even walk on my broken foot .
it 's been 5 months since i broke my foot .
we highly recommend our local elements massage !
i had a great experience .
i recommend this place .
i really could n't be happier .
i love skin laundry ! !
it 's the best thing i 've done for my face .
it 's quick , effective and there is n't any downtime .
i immediately notice my skin is smoother and bright right after my treatment .
love this place , and all their products too !
thank you for all that you do to improve our health and well being !
got a massage here from a groupon deal , absolutely amazing .
we did the 90 minute and it was worth every penny .
the foot salt scrub was great also .
super fast and easy !
but check in online before you head there !
a real grocery store on uw madison campus !
i came out feeling great with recommendations for future sessions .
i will definitely be going back .
josefa is a very gifted , intuitive and straight forward coach .
she really hears you and works with you to help you help yourself .
ca n't really explain , you 'll just have to try one for yourself !
p.s did i say she is awesome ?
yes , she is !
once in , both the doctor and assistant were friendly and very efficient .
this time , no wait at all , was escorted right in .
again , very friendly , efficient and pain-free .
ca n't beat that !
recommend dr. dachs and his office highly .
i never knew i could love a gym so much !
tons of comfy seats , windows and free wi fi too !
free wifi at the gym ?
yes , i totally go to the ymca to get my wi fi on .
they also have a cafeteria-esque food joint .
i can do that because of the spacious locker rooms they have .
oh yeah , i guess i should talk about the actual gym component eh ?
dr. admire is simply amazing .
my recovery after my surgery was almost immediate .
his staff is very supportive , professional and personable .
i will continue other services with his practice .
he is life changing !
this office is great !
i highly recommend this dr !
i went in for consultation and it was determined i needed a root canal .
yoga for every body .
got ta yoga lkn offers something for everyone .
from hot vinyasa to yoga for athletes to prenatal , they do it all .
great teachers and personality .
this is a great retirement community .
residents are allowed small animals on premises as well which helps with companionship .
there is a gym and activity center so that residents may also get exercise .
lastly , my grandmother 's favorite -- -- a beauty salon !
i have major anxiety going to the dentist .
my daughter 's appointment went incredibly well .
i was very apprehensive but they made me feel very comfortable and reassured .
i would refer this dental office to anyone .
the price is very affordable !
the staff was friendly and kind !
the place was very clean and well kept .
we will definitely be back ... .
my son 's curvature kept changing for the worse .
it was quite heart breaking to hear .
she was so kind , patient and answered every question i had .
she fitted him for his brace and got us going on the right track .
whenever an adjustment needed to be made we had no problems getting that done .
the staff at omi is so friendly and professional at both locations .
they always have smiles when you walk in .
i am so grateful for her .
thank you for helping logan !
best dentists in the southend .
outstanding service and are very conservative when it comes to treatment .
dr. perez is amazing .
my entire family is under his care and we could not be happier .
he 's the best doctor we 've had .
time in the waiting room was minimal , which is likewise rare .
he has special knowledge in sports medicine and recovery ( esp .
i ca n't imagine finding a better , more qualified , more caring gp .
i have known dr pico for several years .
he is an amazing dentist .
i completely trust his judgement with patient care .
i can attest to his excellent dental skills and bedside demeanor .
i recommend dr jeff pico without any reservation .
the customer service is wonderful .
they are so kind and helpful .
thank you for all that you do .
i would highly recommend roadrunner pharmacy .
i went for a consultation .
his staff was very nice and he was very nice and truthful .
he realized i was having trouble speaking with a new flipper .
he adjusted it for me before i left .
he worked with precision and determination .
i felt , and spoke much better when i left .
i love the staff & their customer service !
my favorite place to get my supplements !
they have truly become a part of my fitness journey !
raylynn is amazing , very kind , attentive and talented ! ! !
the spa is nice and service is wonderful all around .
i highly recommend a visit to this spa .
it sounds like i own the place but i do n't .
however , i did schedule another appointment already for next week .
all that for $ 39 plus tip .
dr greg can fix any denture or partial in an hour .
he is reasonable and fast .
he does quality work .
i highly recommend him .
my last denture repair was $ 95 !
he even helps you on weekends .
this is far better !
got an eye exam here today and had an overall good experience .
the staff was really nice and helpful .
the only downfall was the wait .
saw the doctor an hour after checking in .
awesome , friendly doctors with a real passion for what they do !
good prices , the scheduling was sometimes difficult .
my lashes looked nice !
dr. perez is a very thorough doctor .
takes his time with his patients .
highly recommend him for all family wellness needs .
very quiet and relaxing environment .
had some nice himalayan salt-related items for sale .
the mammography tech was very professional as was the ultrasound tech .
for any future imaging , i will choose this location anytime i possibly can .
that 's when i found jennifer , and decided to take a chance .
my self-esteem has improved and i feel that my whole life has changed .
dr. nemanic really helped me .
i live an active lifestyle and was experiencing hip pain .
i felt instantly less pain after my first visit .
now i have no pain at all !
thanks for your attention to detail and care .
this is the best nofrills in toronto .
its so clean & the prices are fantastic !
instead of just pointing to were to find your item like some stores do .
the customer service is fantastic ! ! !
they treat you & everyone who walks through their doors like family .
dr judy is compassionate , caring & an amazing doctor .
no more hot flashes , great energy & other irritating menopause symptoms gone ! !
i feel 20 years younger !
her staff is always wonderful !
honestly i do n't do many reviews .
this business deserves my review .
they are al great and i love their team .
they really care about their customers and i really appreciate them .
i can not speak enough about how much i recommend them .
perfect place to do your nails and eye brow waxing .
there services were exceptional .
they used very good products and the place was so clean !
the doctors here are amazing !
they care about you and your treatments .
i am always happy to see them and then me .
looking forward to a long relationship with this practice .
my experience with abc dental is simply awesome .
dr kevin and martina are the best tandem i 've ever come across .
i did n't realize there was a difference in acceptance in the plans .
no questions or nothing after going to him for over 10 years ! !
i appreciate your loyalty to your patient 's and what they go thru .
i have never had an issue getting an appointment .
dr yang and the other staff are super nice .
what a great place .
this is a wonderful service to our community .
a much needed service with a great friendly staff .
this was the best experience i 've ever had from a oral surgeon .
dr. bond was very professional , efficient and engaged .
he made sure he answered all my questions in regards to my process .
he checked on me after my procedure and answered my questions during recovery .
i had additional questions later and he still followed up .
i would recommend him for any procedure .
so happy this process went so well
i was seen within 10 min and out within 30 min .
everyone was so incredibly kind .
above all , it was a saturday night !
even though i was sick , it was a great experience ! !
my sisters and i have been going to dr. macdonald for 10+years .
the staff is very knowledgable and super friendly .
***bonus*** there 's an ice cream machine ! !
thank you melissa and jamie .
we absolutely love this pediatric dental office !
it 's a beautiful office and all of the employees are friendly and helpful .
we have seen all the dentists here and they are wonderful .
they do n't overcharge and stand by their work .
my family has been patients of dr rios for almost 20 years .
his staff is friendly , courteous , and always helpful .
dr rios is very professional but also very down to earth .
he takes his time with you and can carry on a nice conversation .
i think the office is very generous when it comes to your needs .
michelle has done my lash extentions and facials for years .
my favorite store in the whole world i 'm in there almost every day !
this location in particular has such friendly people working there !
not to mention there baked goods are great !
i recommend the snicker doodle cookies , there so good !
i wish i could give this place 10 stars .
i was like holy cow this is legit .
so barbara and i signed up .
it is just positive , encouragement , family and friends .
it was seriously the most amazing experience .
! but they give you everything you need to succeed .
i ca n't tell you how much i love this place .
if you are unsure .
do n't be just do it .
you will not regret it : )
seriously fast and friendly service .
i call and tell them i need to reorder my cat 's medication .
really great all around .
even send a little toy for her !
: ) love this service !
she is amazing and knowledgeable .
also love their romaine lettuce , sugar pea pods , and grape tomatoes .
can be a social outing on saturdays .
love to try their cheeses and they have a nice selection of crackers .
very glad they came to our area !
great coaches - great motivators .
also what a great group of amazing people !
everyone treats each other as family ... . go forbidden army ! !
jj is probably the sweetest and one of the best at this location !
i am going to miss her once i move to florida .
i highly recommend this location !
whole foods has a lot of great vegan options which is such a relief .
it does get a little pricey but you are buying quality .
also if you bring your own bag you save 10 cents !
i definitely recommend them for skill , friendliness , location , and overall experience !
he has become not only a personal trainer , but also a great friend .
the gym itself is great .
has everything needed to keep my workout filled with variety and challenging .
it was my first visit to westbrook vision .
everything went on schedule .
i used the online scheduling function and got a call within 30 minutes .
i was able to schedule an appt the following week .
dr. was very clear and concise of the status of my vision .
i found frames i really like .
this is my first yelp review for whole foods on greenvalley parkway .
i usually come to this whole foods about three times a week .
this place is definitely gets a five star review from me .
the most friendliest staff .
they make the best sandwiches and are always so nice .
thanks you guys ! !
if you need medical supplies she is the one to go see ! ! !
very generous fully stocked , can order what you need right away ...
perfect atmosphere and friendly staff .
the massage itself was perfect !
great atmosphere and facility .
i have been seeing dr. cherrington for over a year now .
dr. cherrington recommended a crown for me based on an x-ray he took .
i believe there is a high level of integrity here .
the place is soooooo nice .
the decor , the ambiance , the space itself make you relax .
i 've got the indonesian package : facial , body scrub and massage .
i ca n't say i got the best massage ever but it was good .
the scrub was very interesting .
they offered me a snack and a tea after all .
i lounged in the beautiful rest area .
every body who works there is so nice and attentive .
i would definitely go back to that spa .
dr. aseem and his staff are wonderful .
lynda may be the nicest person i have ever meet .
i highly recommend bella smiles .
the front cashier greeted me when i entered and when i left .
amy the fnp was great !
had my first appointment today as a new patient .
everyone in the office was welcoming , friendly , and professional .
i bought the groupon , and got an appointment right away .
they start out with a 20 minute foot soak and then a massage .
i liked that the masseuse did not try to engage me in small talk .
i will definitely go back .
i always tip at least $ 20 for a massage anyways .
i know that all massage therapists have to pay taxes on their tips .
i am a tipped employee so i get that .
i think with the groupon , that made the total around $ 60 .
a good price for a massage anywhere in this town .
i am also a real person .
: ) and proud of it .
and a glass of champagne each .
dr. donna was super awesome as was deirdre at the front desk .
awesome people , plenty of equipment , and good energy !
lots of class options as well as open gym time .
dr. martin is wonderful !
her medical assistant and the nurse practitioner at this office are also fantastic .
i have had horrible experiences with cvs-just the pharmacy , not the store itself .
rude pharmacist and techs .
that are just flat out mean !
if all cvs pharmacy staff were like her i probably never would have left !
making your company and store look amazing !
the latter is true of dr. douglas ' staff .
thorough is the first word that comes to mind !
one time i did have to wait for a bit in the exam room .
an added benefit is having the lab `` in house '' .
thanks dr. gibson for all that you do !
do not hesitate to get in here ! !
dr bradshaw was amazing ! ! !
my dog was noticeably better right after his 1st treatment ! !
my only regret is i did n't try this 3 months ago ! ! !
i ca n't say enough good things about this place !
dr nestlerode is fantastic .
he has this great office with a super friendly staff .
anita is the first person you will meet .
she 's just wonderful .
she 's sweet and knowledgeable .
from there the service continues , from quick xrays , down to the cleaning .
dr. nestlerode does the cleaning himself !
you get personal service here .
how many dentists do their own cleanings these days ?
he also does the cleanings by hand .
no ultrasonic machines , which makes most people wince .
hand scaling is more acurate .
all with a no-pressure approach .
with my busy schedule , this is a great service for me .
once you see dr. nestlerode you will wonder why you ever went anywhere else .
i 'll have to ask about that next time .
they strive for comfort , affordability and creating a beautiful smile in everyone .
i certainly believe that !
the workouts are challenging yet enjoyable .
i actually look forward to working out and everyone there has been so supportive .
they do a great job for a reasonable price .
the staff is awesome and the dentist is even better .
sherri at elements is the best massage i have ever had !
i am a manicurist and suffer from neck and shoulder stress .
she is very knowledgeable and is great at what she does !
i would recommend her to anyone who likes a deep tissue massage .
sherri is the best ! !
such an amazing place with an outstanding friendly staff .
dr. swanick is such a talented and amazing person .
she make a you feel comfortable and makes every procedure easy !
i always leave her office feeling great and confident .
i truly do recommend her for any procedures !
i found dr serrick originally through yelp .
it was the day before christmas and i threw out my back .
i have an si joint that likes to come loose .
my hubby was referred to dr. glick for eval for melanoma .
he had his initial appointment with dr. glick and was very pleased with him .
he personally called my husband with his biopsy results .
he had me laughing all throughout the procedures and did n't skip a beat .
his sutures were clean straight .
he was focused and fast .
his office staff is pleasant and helpful .
top notch health care with comic relief .
i have been here twice and both experiences have been great .
the office is beautiful , peaceful and clean .
when you walk in , a big glass waterfall greets you .
i loved the hygienist , jaycie , too .
there was no discomfort with my cleaning and she was very sweet too .
i think that is great !
he is not pretentious and a team player .
the professional staff helped us thru the mmj process from start to finish .
they even followed up with the state .
very happy they will be handling the renewals .
this is the place that gets the job done .
jackie did a great job cleaning my teeth .
she was very cautious about my sensitive teeth but also very thorough .
pity , i wish they still had this around .
the thing i usually get when i come here are the bowls .
most of the time i get the macro greens .
i 've had other bowls , but i kinda like this one the best .
another thing is that they have daily soups that they keep changing up .
fresh is one of those places that 's good for everyone .
i 've been with dr. vicuna for over a couple of years now .
she 's definitely knowledgeable and friendly .
i received a massage from james today and it was fantastic .
he is a very talented therapist and will definitely be returning !
so i stopped going .
i decided to hunt down a new location and grouponed for brazilian waxes .
i lucked out w skin of dreams and had sandra as my waxer .
ladies , i highly highly recommend her services .
it is true the more you go , the lesser it hurts .
just go to skin of dreams and request sandra !
you wo n't regret her kind spirit and great services !
i have been coming to this office for at least 12 years maybe longer .
it is always very busy .
it is a huge office with a lot of people working here .
even more patients.they seriously must see hundreds of people a day here .
even though i have now moved to another town .
i still come to this office .
they really do try to get you in as quick as possible .
yes , you could be dead by then .
this place gets you in asap , never more than 2 days .
her ma is fantastic as well .
the blood lab is right there on the property .
which makes it great that you do not have to drive anywhere else .
good medical care , fast appt. , every thing you could need .
ample parking , very convenient .
yesterday was my first appointment at seventh street dental care .
every one treated me so well .
dr. nack is so compassionate and caring .
i am so relieved to have found my dentist !
thanks to brigham orthodontics , i am on my way to a perfect smile
it can be a bit nerve wracking to say the least .
doctor racanelli makes it so easy to get dental work done .
when you find a good dentist , you know .
and you follow him ! ! !
my results have been impeccable .
this man and his incredible staff have literally brought my dreams to life !
i could n't be more ecstatic !
if i can do it all again , i would in a heart beat .
i felt prepared and confident i was under the best care possible .
the hours in the dental chair flew by !
i was more then fine .
doc worked so meticulously and carefully in mouth i did n't even feel him .
and yes , you should consider flying across the country as well .
your teeth are the first thing people see when they see you .
trust me- it 's worth it !
the best dentist i 've ever been to .
he really seems to care about his patients and to listen to them .
the hygienists do a great job at assessing your teeth and gums .
i would definitely recommend as opposed to some other dentists i 've been to .
absolutely recommend this place ! ! !
love the boot camp on saturday
excellent experience all the times dr. liu has completed work on me .
i feel it was my good fortune the day i walked into his office .
i would recommend him to everyone wondering where to find good health .
very nice staff , from check in to check out !
nurses were all very kind to my dad as well !
i visited solescape based on the solid reviews and they are right on .
she is an artist and your skin/muscles could be her canvas ! ! !
emily will not disappoint .
she has a gentle voice and presence but amazingly strong hands and energy .
one thing i feel like solescapes could improve upon is bedding .
regardless , i will go back .
thank you , emily !
well first of all let me say that the service is great .
2 hours later the wife feels great and rejuvenated .
i had a great visit with dr. cheree and her assistant dina this week .
she listened to my concerns and targeted specific areas .
the staff is great with the kids , friendly , and generally pretty quick .
my children never complain about going to the dentist .
fabulous doctor , fabulous staff .
incredibly knowledgeable , and amazing bedside manner .
he also performed my hysterectomy .
he obviously has an incredible reputation in the medical field .
dr raia was so great and so was the staff at their surgery facility .
it was quick and comfortable , with an onsite cafeteria .
the doctor explained everything .
overall i will be back for another .
i cant wait to see my baby !
i know dr. leah wingeart as a colleague .
i would definitely recommend her as another professional in the mental health field .
i have n't met a friendlier staff .
everyone i talked to was kind and made my experience great !
i 'm so excited i found i dentist i want to go back to .
i had a good experience here the other day .
i was assisted by darion .
he was kind , patient , and professional .
he helped to get the lens replaced in my eyeglasses and sunglasses .
all of the employees i encountered were very nice .
there were only 2 employees available to adjust the eyeglasses that were ready .
dr. pozun is great , one of the better doctors i 've had .
the only reason i give them four stars instead of five is the staff .
others do n't return phone calls promptly .
i want some ! )
but the other front desk staff are generally unfriendly if not rude .
as i wrote earlier , very much recommended .
dr bigler and his staff have been wonderful .
i 've been a patient for 2 years and have excellent service .
i would highly recommend this doctor to anyone
i received a recommendation to southview from a coworker and so glad i listened .
if that is the case , check out southview !
barely visited this store in the last couple of years .
have within the last year rediscovered the store , as prices seem more reasonable .
some items are actually the same or cheaper than longos and loblaws .
i was super shocked .
what sets it apart is the service .
there is almost always someone i 'm there you help you .
they will ask you if you need help as well !
rare for a chain grocery store !
this one time , there was n't a sample i could try .
i asked and the associate there quickly opened a bottle for me to try !
that 's customer service .
items are in stock even on weekends and weekend evenings .
check out never takes too long either .
they always open up new lanes and the cashiers are so friend .
they go above and beyond to tell you info or talk to you !
i 'm not complaining .
lace was masseuse and was just amazing .
as a world traveler and experienced spa goer do n't miss this boutique .
i 'll be back later this year on my next trip to the states .
say hi to molly !
dr. pervaiz is knowledgeable and professional .
he is now my primary care physician .
his staff at the rainbow office is pleasant :
best spa in vegas .
stay off the strip to get superb customer treatment and normal prices .
after tips less than $ 300 !
will go here every time i visit !
this example has made us dynamic eye care patients for life .
nothing bad i would say about this location .
however they did notice a fluid build up in her abdomen .
my husband was satisfied with the service he received during that visit .
she was very thorough and advised is daily about her condition .
i completely understand their reasoning .
pvsec is a fantastic state of the art facility with wonderful providers .
it 's worth every cent .
i recently moved here and have kaiser .
that being said there are no kaisers in nevada .
luckily healthcare partners of nevadas urgent care on wynn accept kaiser .
besides that great fact , they are fantastic there .
they also have great prices for the medications they prescribe .
since i do have unacceptable insurance at most places this is great news .
i would really recommend anyone go here .
i absolutely adore all staff here .
either dentist is a great choice .
my biggest fear is being judged for how bad my teeth are .
i dont like going to the dentist .
so i usually dont .
i have a habit of waiting until im in excruciating pain before caving in .
after one visit to this place , you wont ever go anywhere else .
i literally drive all the way across town .
yesterday , i went in and had a facial done with cindy hernandez .
all i can say is she was amazing and worked magic on my face !
the whole staff was nice and the place was beautiful and clean !
i am so grateful i found stephanie she is amazing and so knowledgeable .
i enjoyed the wrap process i was so relaxed and kept falling asleep .
i highly recommend dr carter !
dr. stephen is very friendly and caring .
i bring my daughter here regularly for her checkups and shots .
her staff are also very polite and accommodating with your schedule .
i am telling all my friends about this experience !
this was such an amazing massage i 'll definitely be back !
5 out of 5 stars for this gem !
i highly recommend getting a consultation ( it 's free ! )
what a great place for spa and salon services !
i went with 4 friends and we all loved it !
we had massages , facials , manicures , and pedicures .
the place was clean and relaxing .
the staff is very friendly , helpful , and professional .
the decor is so much fun !
bryanne did such a great job on my mani/pedi .
patrick is an excellent masseur !
$ 8 from the cosmo .
my 3 children have all had braces with dr. noorda .
he always has a smile on his face & makes the kids feel comfortable .
he genuinely cares about each & every patient & strives for perfection .
the facility is spotless .
the appointments are always on time .
i can not say enough good things about dr. noorda and his staff .
i highly recommend them and would give them 100 stars if i could !
thank you dr. noorda & your out standing staff ! ! !
any negative reviews are from just generally awful people .
i was there when a patient threw a clipboard at their front desk person .
and she was pregnant .
the pas are all wonderful as well as the physicians .
it 's a busy practice .
they spend a lot of time with you compared to other places .
i wo n't go anywhere else .
dr. pack delivered our second child , which had complications .
as nervous parents , we could not have had a better experience .
i would ( and have ) absolutely recommend dr. pack !
when i got to urgent care i did not want to wait all night .
which is why i am writing this review .
i was feeling so much better just after 20 mins .
thank you micole neely and your wonderful staff !
source centre is a very welcoming and calming environment .
dr. leo took the time to explain it to me and answer any questions .
i have scoliosis and tendinitis in my hand and wrist .
my overall wellness is better for it .
i would highly recommend source centre .
i absolutely love this place , and treasure dr. kim .
she 's thorough , answers all of my questions , and is incredibly personable .
i have never been a marc 's fan .
and i was surprisingly impressed .
i visited yesterday to get my lips done & had a great experience .
everyone there was friendly .
i am sharing pictures for reference !
my lips are still slightly swollen but seem to be healing well .
music is fun to dance to .
so happy canada is open to drugs !
i highly recommend this company based on my personal experience .
dr. shelly o'connor is a great chiropractor !
her personality is another awesome feature of her service !
there 's no down-side to seeing dr. shelly !
dr gawley and his staff are incredible !
i had a mommy makeover done about 6 weeks ago .
i have had 7 kids , and my body definitely showed it .
i had a tt and ba .
my husband and i are thrilled with my results !
he went over and beyond my expectations .
we are forever thankful for dr. gawley !
in june 2013 i decided to make my health a top priority .
at that time i was a complete mess .
i could n't climb a flight of stairs without being out of breath .
i had joined 24 hour and quickly became disappointed with the trainers .
july 12 , i will be competing in my second mens masters physique competition .
stephen , seth , aaron , steven q. , jayson are the absolute best .
i have met a lot of wonderful people there .
everyone has a story to tell .
there is so much inspiration and motivation at tpt .
these guys are the real deal .
give them a try you wo n't regret it .
updating on another fantastic experience .
had a few old fillings redone by dr. leon banchik yesterday .
dr. banchik is the most amazing dentist .
the staff remembers me by name and explains everything to me .
did n't have to wait .
private room for my friend and i. jay was great .
hot stones and oil are a must .
i went to carmen today for ipl treatment and she did a wonderful job !
i will definitely be back !
i highly recommend dr stratton .
he has a great staff and they do great work .
i have had cleanings , root canals and caps .
they are very customer oriented .
so glad i found them .
i 've been going to dr. jyoti patel for over a year now .
she is a great doctor and her pa christie is amazing as well !
everyone there is so nice and try to work with your schedule .
these people also really care about their patients .
we absolutely love healing hearts and everyone there .
natalie answered all of my questions and addressed my concerns .
she was more than great ! ! !
i do n't think we could go wrong with anyone at this office .
this is an excellent program for those seeking help with recovery .
they are doing something special here .
they a first class gym with an awesome boxing ring !
incrediblely motivating 12 step meetings ... .the best ever !
i liked the staff that really care .
helpful employees and fun place to visit .
if you have n't heard- you get all the samples of oil/vinegar/wine/liquor you want .
in fact , they are encouraged .
some of the stuff is pretty reasonable .
for example , the calamondin vinegar is amazing .
it has like a citris/lime flavor and is like nothing i have ever tasted .
also , give the pumpkin seed oil a try .
way funner than the `` oil and vinegar '' stores in the mall .
soon they will add liqueurs to their portfolio , which should be very exciting .
also , small selection of wine there .
tip : bring your own containers ( can you ? )
because those add up .
and , ask the staff for pairings .
for example : mango vinegar and chili oil .
i had my implants done at layman shirman and associates .
always a pleasure to work with dr. shirman and their staff .
if you 're in pain , dr. kevin kaldy can help .
little to no waiting usually .
he 's kind , caring and committed to helping his patients .
we went to whole foods last night for some treats .
one of those items was the rich and delicious chocolate moose pie .
i will be back to whole foods !
great service and really helped me with my tension .
very friendly staff and set-up process .
then they shrug their shoulders .
do n't wait for your primary care doctor to help you .
go into foothills sports medicine and get evaluated by matt hubble .
you are amazing ! !
today was my first visit to the joint .
all i have to say is 'wow ! ''
i am really impressed with dr palazzo .
everyone is very sweet , we never have a long wait .
my family would recommend to all family and friends .
i had a groupon and got an hour massage for a very discounted price .
went in today and had some questions about supplements .
i received the best prenatal massage from selina .
i love the atmosphere & the customer service !
hailee did such a wonderful job on my nails & took her time .
i 'm a happy little lady .
finally i found a place 100 % satisfied i wan na going back again !
finally i have nothing complain and happy to leave !
i tried many times already !
cheap fast and always their work is great !
this is my go to spot nail salon in las vegas
omar is an excellent trainer , great crossfit gym ! ! ! ...
i went to elite earlier this year for three months .
this gym is expanding and offers great services for all training types .
i recommend this gym !
fantastic one-hour facial with tara .
very knowledgeable and knew exactly what my skin needed .
i will definitely be back on a regular basis !
their medical spa is fantastic - excited to try other services .
kim is awesome ! ! !
the quality of service and attention to patient needs is fantastic .
dr. sandness-johnson knows her stuff !
finally i manned up and made an appointment .
i am a fan !
everyone from the office staff to the dentist was fantastic .
their dental hygienist is awesome .
i was in desperate need of a cleaning .
i required three visits to get my teeth clean .
the idea of coming back for multiple visits scared me .
the hygienist did a fantastic job .
she was quick and whatever she did there was virtually no pain .
when i left i actually could n't wait to return for the other visits !
the dentist also did an amazing job fixing my broken tooth .
this doctor is awesome .
he explained the procedures , made me comfortable and fixed me teeth .
i highly recommend desert springs dental care to everyone .
i have very temperamental skin ... normal to dry complection along with hormonal/cystic acne .
my coworker mentioned skin laundry and how your first time is free !
usually it 's $ 65 a treatment .
the location is very clean and professional- and they all are very informative !
ask whatever you need to feel comfortable !
the specials they have are worth it !
the process : you check-in .
you wash your face .
they bring you into their room .
cleanse your face again .
start up the treatment and discuss a routine for your skin .
10 minutes later- you 're checking out !
sure , let 's do it !
go treat yourself to a free treatment on your next day off !
it is so worth it .
one of my favorite smoothie places with some of the best staff .
vegan pineapple spinach smoothie is amazing and delicious !
the dentist is down to earth and shows extreme consideration with her patients .
his office is always immaculate .
he greets me with a smile every time i walk in to see him .
they have options for everyone ( literally ) and at a great price too !
dr roderick and his team are wonderful !
super timely , very efficient and so kind .
i just switched to this practice last week and thrilled i did !
dr. k is the best vet !
we have four dachshunds and he takes great care of all of them .
best of all , we can tell that he truly cares about our dogs .
you ca n't beat dr. k !
the staff was so courteous !
madison and the guy who did the mri ( sorry .
i do n't remember your name ) were just so awesome .
i always go to simon med for any `` imaging , '' .
i was able to get an appointment sooner .
it was really great to have all these helpful people .
got ta love this place .
they offer some great weight loss options and it 's not that pricey .
elizabeth is the best ! !
definitely worth checking out especially if your looking for a new weight loss program .
down 20lbs and i ca n't complain !
love the hot stones on my back and the foot soak .
would have preferred a little more privacy than just a drawn curtain between rooms .
felt a little strange leaving the blanket on while getting my back massaged .
the staff were very nice , friendly and welcoming .
thank you , we enjoyed our massages and will be back .
what a fantastic experience .
went for laser hair removal .
i will be going back asap .
highly recommend them to everyone !
dr. d is the best doctor i have had .
he listens and really tries to figure out what 's wrong .
just had the most fabulous anti-aging facial & an eye rescue treatment .
my skin looks beautiful , but my eyes are unbelievable !
no wrinkles , no puffiness !
cheri petroni is the very best in her field !
looking forward to another special day for me !
dr. pollock hands down is theee best doctor i have ever been too .
he is super nice and sweet , funny too .
never a wait and the staff is friendly and inviting .
my new go to location .
i 'll def be back .
dr. poe is really an amazing chiropractor .
his wife is great and they are just a great place to go .
my tooth was killing me .
amazing , all around ! ! !
i was beyond impressed by his knowledge and experience in his field .
his energy is so uplifting , upbeat , positive and very caring !
i informed her that i could n't be happier .
my pain vanished without a trace just like magic .
folks you hit the jack pot if you have dr robert as your dentist .
it 's so easy to overlook the options on the second floor of sears .
fast service since they are hiding in a sears .
great new frames/lenses for $ 30 copay in just 10 days .
so far , i 'm really happy with my decision .
they sell out of some drinks by the end of the day .
been to many dentists here in vegas but this one has been the best !
dr iongi is my favorite !
she has always been very thorough and helped me achieve the best smile possible .
highly recommended to anyone and everyone ! ! !
dr. ngo and his staff were professional , friendly , and knowledgeable .
i highly recommend s & l dental !
awesome surgeon ... i was skeptical about this place due to the location .
i was dead wrong to be skeptical , very modern office with friendly staff .
only took 30 minutes for two baby teeth extractions and expose an impacted canine .
no nasty side effects so far ... would recommend to anybody i know .
i am so glad that i found sandra !
she is super friendly , professional , and does a great job .
i just have n't tried those out yet !
i definitely recommend sandra !
excellent staff , procedure and outcome .
i could n't be more happier with the results .
stopped by around 1 pm to buy white non-cargo petite scrub pants .
amanda showed me the product , i tried it on , bought it .
i was in and out in 5 minutes .
they do their jobs well .
healthcare professionals get 10 % off , bring your badge : )
found a good eye dr. here !
i was thrilled and it was only $ 69 total .
others charge $ 150 for the same service .
he seemed very consciencious !
i would go here again in a minute !
but the real deal with porcelain veneers and crowns are just incredible .
not to mention , both of our lashes look amazing .
it was absolutely amazing i ca n't even believe it - so convenient ! !
very very good experience- every muscle was touched !
the doctor and office staff are exceptional !
i was especially impressed with doctor pfondevida .
he was professional , caring and efficient .
i would recommend eyes on las vegas to anyone !
suzy was the one that cleaned my teeth and she was fantastic !
her and dr.chase were very informative and listened to everything i had to say .
so happy i came across this place !
dr lao and his staff are terrific with kids and parents ! ! !
wonderful caring and so accommodating ! !
megan is so good at all to be done there ! ! ! !
so far so good , beautiful workout area up top and wonderful indoor pool .
i highly recommend this faculty to anyone that 's interested .
i 've taken all three of my boys here .
they 're always so friendly and take the time to get to know you .
the place was clean , calm , soothing and staff were friendly and professional .
great prices and excellent service .
they even showed me how to floss properly !
great staff and great experience .
dr. black has always been very thorough .
just an overall good experience every time .
charles was fantastic , very knowledgable and so professional ! !
i am so ecstatic about my results from charles .
he is the only injector i will be going to in the future !
i ca n't say enough good things about pvsec and their doctors .
all three departments have been amazing .
the results of the tests showed excess cortisol .
the cardiologist worked tirelessly with us and a pvsec internist .
the cardiologist even called us on christmas eve .
the service and care is beyond expectation .
hands down best dental practice i 've ever been to .
staff is professional and friendly and dr. nielson is just fantastic .
so happy with it .
he definitely has a gift !
so i was very skeptical about coming to this dentist .
we had a mid-morning appointment and were the only people in the waiting room .
she even took xrays ( which she had always thrown a fit about ) .
i actually felt very comfortable .
we will be going back for their next check up !
beautiful offices and katherine weidenbach , np-c , was excellent .
she did a complete exam for anything abnormal in a professional , competent manner .
i would definitely recommend her .
blake was amazing ! !
his office was so clean and he was so informative .
the machine was so quick did n't even hurt .
way cheaper and more effective than any other place i 've gone to !
definitely coming back to fix more of my tattoos
i had a great experience at terra vision .
all i had to do was pay the difference , easy & effortless process !
i 've seen dr. amanda on multiple occasions and am never disappointed !
she is super friendly and knowledgeable , listening well to what hurts and where .
trader joe 's has a new loyal customer !
everything about this visit was outstanding .
now , that kind of treatment will keep me coming back !
and the wine selection was ahhhmazing ! !
i totally think wine should be it 's own food group !
i mean i left with four bottles that i 'm looking forward to trying !
what can i say ... i 'm a sucker for wine .
just had my first hydrafacial over at light touch laser .
sally is really informative , kind , and easy to talk to .
the result was really soft and smooth skin .
the application feels really nice and cold and refreshing !
the medspa is really clean .
the workouts really push you .
great trainers and i love i quickly i have been able to see results .
i have been going to dynamic eye care for 5 years .
the personnel are very professional and provide excellent customer service which is beyond reproach .
one satisfied army ranger 1sg , retired
above & beyond acupuncture -- it 's the perfect name for this clinic .
) , i highly recommend paul to help you find your way .
this experience has been so much more than just acupuncture .
paul has really challenged me to be very honest with myself .
i was never in the present .
and i mean never .
i used to view life in black and white .
but now i 'm seeing in color .
my entire family has been coming to cd for years .
laser hair removal to injections to normal up keep .
the entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful !
they have a discounted puppy plan that covers all vaccinations and microchip implant .
go anyway , it is spectacular .
i bought the book ; - )
i have been here several times and loved it each time .
i have done the full body massage twice and the foot massage once .
i love the amount of pressure they use .
very firm but not overly so .
going back again this week !
dr. whelan helped my son with his tongue and lip tie .
best chinese foot massage ever ! !
wow amazing team so polite and friendly , i lucked in for sure !
had an emergency broken tooth and needed to go to work .
teeth are important in the service industry .
the bella smiles team did me straight .
i had the tooth fixed and my smile was looking just as new .
it was done so quickly and smoothly .
i know where all my teeth will be cleaned and worked on moving forward .
thank you dr casey and dr chawla .
i ca n't say enough about how great a therapist she is .
talk about working the aches and pain out ! ! !
i could n't ask for a better dentist for either me or my girls !
at brookstone dental care you are treated like family !
thank you brookstone for all that you 've done for me !
i have been going to drs .
thomas and rosko 's for 5 plus years and i would highly recommend them .
the doctors do a great job and they never hurt you .
dr. rose is the kindest and nicest primary care physician you 'll ever meet .
overall , top marks !
i used over the counter eye drops and nothing !
so thankfully dr. ortiz was able to figure it out .
he also educated me on what they do and how to prevent my issues .
i just went for my first visit at arcadia well women .
the doctor and staff are so friendly .
i am looking forward to meet her again and continue my treatment .
my hands look so much younger now .
it 's looking smoother and creamy again .
the skin seems to be tightening up too ... .with less creepiness .
this is so exciting ! ! ! !
a good warm , not a bad warm .
this is all mind boggling to me .
this is beyond what i expected ! ! !
i ca n't wait to see what happens from today 's appointment .
any pinkness or evidence of the treatment itself is gone by the next day .
no down time is a bonus for sure .
she really understands how seriously this affects my opinion of myself .
i am so incredibly happy i could just pop ! ! !
the phone people have all the records at their fingertips and are very pleasant .
shipment is free and trackable .
take both my daughters here !
moved away and came back to take them to dr. jensen again !
i really love it here !
dental assistants and front desk are always sweet .
i was blown away .
every last person in this practice is a gem .
i was a little doubtful about going to a `` chain '' .
i had bad experiences at local eye care chains .
the dr 's here all have huge experience .
the front staff fantastic .
and that one guy- whatta trip !
the saturday dynamic flow classes are awesome !
the class is a full hour and is the perfect weekend workout .
the class has a mixture of cardio , strength training , and plyometrics .
i am very thankful that i met dr. gross .
he is very knowledgeable and very professional .
i cried a lot when it happened and could n't look at her eye .
its very hard to see that when you are a parent .
she was taken by an ambulance to the hospital .
he cares a lot for his patients and that 's very important .
also the staff at the office are very nice always with a smile !
thank you dr robert gross .
my daughter 's eye is looking good now .
i am sorry it took me this time to post it .
this is my go-to spot lately .
the staff is very friendly .
everything is clean and smells good .
the price is too good to complain honestly !
one of the best nail salon 's i 've ever been .
clean , professional , and accommodating in a very reasonable price .
il y a un bureau de poste aussi , et le service est impeccable .
j'aime le fait qu'ils vendent les fruits maintenant aussi !
my girlfriend and i came in for a couples massage .
we were directed to the lounge .
it was relaxing for the meantime till our massage therapists came to greet us .
they were kind and good in their craft .
definitely come check this place out if your staying in vegas near the strip
i have been going to cheri for waxing services for about 7 years now .
she is very professional and knows how to make me feel comfortable .
she is knowledgeable about her profession and always looking for ways to improve .
we did the couples massage .
my massage was great .
all of my problem areas were addressed .
the employees were awesome .
the location and facility was great .
we will be back next month .
healthcare at its best .
i like the way they teach you about living a healthier lifestyle .
not just pump you full of meds then send you on your way .
they cover all aspects of health
i had the 60-minute foot spa .
after the climb to conquer cancer , the lady conquered my tired feet !
this is my favorite quest .
i made an appt and was in and out in less than twenty minutes .
very clean and incredibly nice staff .
would definitely recommend this office to others !
amazing staff and a wide variety of services !
the office was clean and everything seemed to be organized and easily accessible .
all in all , my experience here was easy and went smoothly .
i could n't have asked for a better experience .
thanks new life new image !
you 'll be seeing me again !
i love trader joe 's .
the people are friendly .
the products are great .
the spinach and artichoke dip is out of this world .
i always feel hip and cool shopping here .
i have never seen people park so poorly anywhere else in my life .
i take pictures of the terrible park jobs and send them to my friends .
they do n't have much selection or variety .
4 stars , because they have my heart - but are still inconvenient .
i was still terrified ! !
i had pretty much no pain after surgery .
another great thing is that everything is taken care of in one place .
mri , dr. appointments , surgery , and physical therapy .
they make it so convenient for you which is so much appreciated .
i highly recommend dr. bigler .
he 's not only a great dr , but a genuinely wonderful person !
i saw orsi weekly for approx 8 weeks until my arm was completely healed .
orsi used a number of different therapy methods as the injury continued to heal .
i greatly appreciate the professionals working at this facility .
she was super sweet and seriously amazing results ! !
i strongly recommend tamar for teeth whitening .
awesome prices and well worth the money .
my therapist was very nice and was in touch with how comfortable i was .
the massage table is nice and the warmers are great .
that only gets filled out your first time .
unfortunately i joined at a different location and the information did n't transfer over .
overall a good experience .
great place to unwind and relax .
james gives a fantastic massage and is super welcoming and friendly .
the staff is professional and the entire place is always very clean .
i will definitely be going back !
totally amazing ! ! !
the dentist at this specific location was so awesome !
this was my daughters first dental exam and she was so great !
this place is so cute !
and most importantly , super clean .
they have little snacks and drinks for customers in the waiting area .
and the two people that did my nails were super sweet .
definitely will be back every time i need my nails done !
i do n't even know where to start !
i must be prepared next time !
from start to finish i was so very pleased by their phenomenal service .
amanda is so good with kids and so is dr. galada .
i love being assisted by someone who is compassionate about their job .
they are all compassionate people here .
what a great experience for any child , especially it being their first visit .
we can not wait to go back in 6 months for another cleaning .
they are what they say they are , `` affordable '' !
this is their only kids ' office that they have here in las vegas .
terrific doctor ... dr. jacoby is a true gem .
love his staff too .
i highly recommend this doctor .
visited bernadette boyle ( aesthetician ) on 7/29/16 at the ironwood office .
front desk friendly , no wait , escorted back promptly .
she did not push any of their services and i could n't be happier .
i scheduled another visit for some laser treatments .
check out was great with beth !
been coming for a few years .
we are always seen on time , friendly staff , and they take insurance !
dr. fulcher and his staff were very friendly and knowledgable .
not only was dr fulcher good with adults but my kids loved him !
dr. kotoske was the same .
he was very positive , nice and reassuring .
i almost cried this time because dr. kotoske made me feel so great !
dr. maloney was absolutely helpful and friendly !
great optometrist to go too !
dr. olson is a total rockstar !
i had a fleur de lis tummy tuck per his recommendation .
his breadth of knowledge was vast , and his attention to detail unsurpassed .
i had a great experience with massage envy .
the whole experience from beginning to end was relaxing and amazing .
i just about sank into those comfy couches !
i love coming here .
the staff is friendly and they know me by now .
i love their salad bar because it 's fresh and i enjoy the variety .
i get an iced coffee here pretty much every morning .
i would rather get coffee here than starbucks .
honestly can say this is the best hospital ive ever been to .
i have been to other hospitals in the valley and none of them compare .
then another day for the surgery .
i know that wouldnt have happened if we came here .
i recommend everyone to come here .
i went to then because the great review about kids .
i took my 2 yr old and she loves it .
she always wants to come back for her turn .
the staff here is very friendly and always remembers who you are .
we still go here even now that we moved across the valley !
also they never make you feel bad for having unhealthy teeth .
come here if you want a friendly atmosphere !
i see lori here , who is a np .
she always listens to what i have to say .
she does my pap smears .
she 's very talkative , bubbly , and eccentric .
she tells you everything that she 's doing .
lori is the best ! !
i brought my 3 sons to see dr. zedek and have had phenomenal results .
dr. zedek is very informational and straight to the point .
he is also very willing to help .
i would definitely recommend !
regardless of that initial `` wtf..mate ? ''
moment i decided to give them a shot at being my visual providers .
i showed up on a saturday with prescription on-hand and tried on frames .
i did go home and thought about it .
returning on monday , my order was still ready to go .
i was told a week ... the glass were ready in 5 days .
i am a patient of dr. strohman .
this guy is as solid as they come .
he communicates exceptionally well , has extensive knowledge on pretty much all related topics .
if you are looking for a dr. in the area check him out !
i am so thankful to find dr rehl .
he truly is a godsend .
he took me on even though i was a new patient .
his staff is on point .
they are so professional and ready to assist .
my wait time was reasonable .
god bless him and those that work with him !
i just love this place ! !
i give them 10 stars if i could !
at first i was hesitant on trying the phone number on the website .
my wife came down with an illness the day of our arrival .
i called and spoke to dr. logan who prescribed her medication .
we picked it up at a local cvs .
my credit card information was stolen so i only had cash .
thank you dr. logan !
excellent dentist and hygienists .
marjie is one of the best massage therapists i 've ever visited .
visit her , you will not be disappointed !
i never would have thought i would find myself so pleased .
if i described this practice in one word it would be `` dedicated '' .
thank you from one of your newest loyal patients .
dr.maria muyot has been our kiddos pediatrician for 14 years .
she is always so very imformative and attentive and caring to our kids .
dr. weiner has seen our kids too and he is a very good doctor .
he too is very patient and caring for my babies .
the entire staff is very friendly and welcoming .
you can easily get same day appts .
i reccomend desert pediatrice to anybody with children !
tammy the owner does an amazing job with all of my skin care needs .
she is very experienced and knowledgeable .
check this place out !
to me , his experience surpasses that of any doctor i know .
open late night and the budtenders are highly knowledgeable , professional , and nice .
the budtender opened up and let me know how cbd has help his depression .
highly knowledgeable and not pushy or annoyed to answer questions .
so far i have had a very positive experience with the dental health services .
he really made me feel at ease .
i then came in for a cleaning and was seen by gene .
barb is hands down amazing !
i had restylane silk put in and absolutely loved the outcome !
days after the procedure , i had a few questions and texted barb .
she was great and answered my questions right away .
i would n't recommend anyone else to my friends and family !
we left with smiles on our faces & rejuvenated bodies ! !
very speedy urgent care .
i am now in my seventh month of seeing kenta at one self therapy .
the improvement i have seen in my back/neck/shoulders/sciatica/hip is incredible .
kenta helped with that .
i can not think of another time/s i have had better massages .
he is simply the best !
i am so happy that i made reiki a priority on my wedding day .
i also look very happy in my photos , instead of a blubbering mess .
thank you , josefa , for an amazing session when it really mattered !
i love the core institute .
i saw dr. scoggin - awesome doctor !
i went forward with the recommendation and am very happy with the results .
i am so grateful for their support and help .
was quoted a wait time of 2+ hours for care .
i only waited about an hour though .
once i was able to be seen , i was out in a jiffy .
friendly and efficient professional staff .
i agree with the other reviews about bailey nelson .
the staff were indeed not pushy at all .
the inside looked amazing .
very minimal , a few nice looking plants .
i will be back for sure .
this is good value for your money .
this is how they save on money i guess .
i guess for the eye wear nerds this wo n't do .
i recently had a massage from bridgette .
bridgette took note of that and worked on my upper back .
as a runner , i really appreciate this .
they seem to have the appt .
times down so there 's no waiting .
an expert at her craft .
stellar discounts available at groupon and yelp , that 's how i found them .
i used groupon for initial visit and yelp to help pay for the plan .
fortunately , i have n't had to see him much ; - )
my 18 month old daughter had her first dental visit today with dr kim .
espace nomad is such an amazing place to relax and unwind .
when i walked inside , i noticed how clean and serene the place is .
after filling up the forms , we were then introduced to our masseuse .
we were led to a room downstairs .
after this , they started our massage and it was heavenly .
i have never felt so relaxed !
they made it easier on me with their friendly & positive demeanor 's .
dr. garcia is wonderful .
we 've been taking our son there since he was born .
she is very thorough and caring .
i would definitely recommend her to my friends .
i will say the wait times can be extremely unpredictable .
work on getting people in and out !
you are covered the entire time and can be completely clothed .
partitions are all around so you 'll have a semiprivate room .
we tipped $ 15 each .
i am new to the area and fractured a molar .
i googled the nearest dentist and found dr. rudnyk .
his office was able to work me in within the hour .
i feel very fortunate that the nearest dentist happened to be the best dentist .
he now has a patient for life .
i have been taking my son to see dr tripp for two years .
dr garcia is awesome and so is her staff .
everyone is sweet and my kids love coming here .
highly recommend this optometrist and practice .
the space is so welcoming , relaxing and just comfortable .
all for a true `` wow '' experience ! !
i 'll definitely return !
andy , the receptionist was very pleasant and helpful .
the facility was very clean .
i was seen right away , there was no waiting .
the customer service was excellent .
no babies just yet !
i really look forward to my care here throughout the years !
dr gill and pharmacist gary are both amazing !
very happy they are downtown and another location in liberty village soon !
these two are great !
i ca n't rave about the wellsh eye center enough !
everyone in there was beyond friendly while maintaining excellent professionalism !
i had no complications with my lasik .
i ca n't believe i waited so long !
i would recommend them to anyone considering lasik .
i really liked him !
he can be a little rude but he is a good doctor .
i can not tell anything about my results since i am still in treatment .
this office has a wonderful group of doctors and very helpful staff .
i highly recommend visiting this office !
dr. keller is an expert at what he does .
especially nurse fischer who always delivers great care with a smile .
he is very friendly and welcoming the moment you meet him .
and omg the staff is also just as sweet and kind .
she is extremely talented !
is highly recommend her .
blake was very knowledgeable and helpful .
he is afforabel and i would definitely recommend him .
morning crew is super chill and helpful .
great tips and ideas on how to reach my goals .
went there for my first day today .
i loved this place !
wish i came here before !
love , love , love your cookies .
i have not felt like this in a very long time .
best experience i 've had getting my teeth cleaned .
i 'm hard of hearing and every effort was made to accommodate me .
also extra effort was made to make the experience comfortable .
putting moisture on my lips before the procedure was wonderful .
i 've never had that done before and my lips were always sore afterwards .
but not this time .
all the doctors at alliance are great including dr. park and dr. pierson .
the spa is off the strip and very close to the rio .
a 80 minute massage is priced right at $ 100 .
the hotel massages are generally much more than that for just 50 minutes .
it was 80 minutes of gentle but soothing strokes and pressure .
this is an awesome place .
i woke up in the morning with great pain in my neck and shoulder .
i thought it will go away quickly but it did n't .
dr. xiao is very friendly , and she listened carefully to understand my problem .
she is also very professional and she has clear treatment plan for my issue .
i go to gretta for facials and love the job she does .
afterwards my skin glows and gretta is a delight to spend the hour with .
i would recommend a facial with gretta anytime .
you will not be disappointed .
based on my needs i chose lasik .
the entire procedure was very quick !
i was surprised at how fast and painless it was !
today , my vision is 20/15 , that 's better than 20/20 .
thee nicest optometrist ever !
its always a pleasure seeing dr. maloney for my annual eye check ups.. trust !
you wo n't be disappointed .
the absolute best customer service .
got a chicken salad sandwich and i do n't remember smiling so much .
steven at the deli made ordering an experience .
his love for life and people shines through .
now that is leadership and service at his best .
i will definitely be back ! !
i love this store , period .
this is the place i go to make my body hum .
this is a grocery shopping experience beyond compare .
i seriously could shop here every day !
if you care about your health and your body , shop here .
i am a massive fan of fresh .
in fact , i own a `` fresh # 1 '' foam finger .
strange to some people , but completely normal to me .
friendly and helpful staff , good selection of frames , very thorough eye exam .
they also have a great referral program .
so nice and friendly !
instead they encourage you to be better !
he was nice and calming but i did find that he was very rushed .
procedure itself was essentially pain-free .
by day 4 the swelling had reduced and tearing subsided .
visual acuity is decent , with some blurry vision but otherwise good !
i come here almost every week or every 2 weeks .
the staff is always super friendly and sweet and remember my name !
loooove how thick the smoothies are , i hate super watery and runny smoothies .
it 's sooo bomb and nowhere sells anything like it .
i told all my friends about it and they order it now too !
love , love , love this place .
you can also ask to split it into two cups .
the pre-natal massages are amazing and everyone is always incredible friendly .
do n't pass them up !
definitely pleased with the office and staff .
the environment was warm and friendly .
the office was very clean and modern .
staff was professional and kind !
i love the friendly atmosphere and individual way to workout .
there are very professional trainers and experts .
i will recommend this studio to my friends .
a quick google search found dr. foust quite near me .
open on weekends - yes !
could they get me in on short notice - yes !
that alone would have sold me .
the environment in the office is laid back and modern .
the options were explained to me and bam - i was outta there .
now i have a new dentist .
i am in las vegas for ces .
scouting around i called dr. logan .
still good service i get here
but ... not all was good .
kristine did an amazing job on my botox and lips !
i 'm planning on going back for several more procedures in the near future .
everything i look for in a great chiropractor !
the place is clean and cared about , with excellent `` machinery '' inside .
at least i have not seen anything getting even close to it .
good job guys - keep it running !
my old stylist referred me to rejuvenation when i moved to madison .
it also seems much less expensive than it should be .
the only thing i do n't like is the chairs at the shampoo station .
no need to look any further !
well i have been coming here for last 2 years .
i have n't had any problems with any of the staff .
i see sylvia menasco who i love .
she is sweet and understanding and easy to talk to .
i did come here several years ago and saw one of the main doctors .
i think dr. tyre .
love the fresh fruits/veggies , great prices on stocking up on essentials .
they are friendly and can recommend wines , too .
love the goat cheese , chicken dumplings and sorbet selections .
great staff and provider !
i am extremely happy with there services and overall pleasant demeanor .
you can always tell a great provider by there employees .
we bring our whole family here .
the kids actually do not dread going , which is rare .
they really are a wonderful dental group .
you would be happy at this place .
i rarely write reviews , but this place deserves one .
first time in today , and def wo n't be the last .
top notch instruction , and challenging for any level .
i do n't know omar well , but he seems amazing .
great vibe in the studio and it 's designed well .
nv family care has the nicest staff !
they offer so many services so need to go several specialist .
we just love him .
highly recommend him for any orthopedic problems .
thank you dr z ... .
omg talk about great friendly service ! !
i 've been going to elite for almost 2 years now .
i never thought i would find a gym i actually enjoy .
chris ( owner ) and his team are friendly and fantastic .
i consider them all my friends .
elite is a clean and well equipped establishment where anyone is welcome .
i highly recommend checking it out .
one word : heavenly .
solescape has a very welcoming and relaxing vibe .
the woman at the front desk was also very nice .
we started off by al sitting down with me and asking me any concerns .
he told me that he does ashiatsu , which i 've never had before .
he was kind , warm , and funny .
such a nice guy !
i was a little nervous ( feet ! )
but it was soooo relaxing .
an hour massage cost $ 75 ( plus tip ) .
expensive , but seriously worth it .
i honestly ca n't think of one thing i 'd change .
this was the best , amazing , relaxing ... all the things .
thanks , solescape and al !
i 'd definitely recommend taking your pets here .
i went in with a partially collapsed disk .
every other place recommended surgery .
finding a doctor is always nerve-wracking .
i was a patient here for nearly 6 years before moving to new mexico .
i liked that dr. sakon is vey matter- of- fact .
i rarely had to wait more than 20 minutes for an appointment .
the office staff was always friendly .
i 've been going there for over a year now , for cleanings .
i was impressed with the nice decor and friendly staff .
i had heard horror stories from friends about pain and swelling .
need any medication and went on with my day !
tammy the tech was friendly enough .
i will return to them for future orthopedic and sports medicine needs .
i have only had one root canal before many many years ago .
i had to have it redone due to it getting infected .
my dr was ethan baker .
the evaluation seemed rushed but after i was sure , everything went great .
that was a nice change from other dr 's who are completely quiet .
he also seems to say what he is doing next to keep you informed .
while the initial arrival was rocky , it all went well and ended well .
i would go back .
dr. roskus gave me straight , beautiful teeth with invisalign .
i could n't believe what a difference it made !
his recommendations were exactly what i had been looking for , in a smile .
i used my groupon to go see nela .
she was sweet and did a wonderful job !
i highly recommend their products and them !
this is by far the best dental experience i have ever had .
everyone was very nice .
they really made you feel comfortable and at home .
all of the equipment was top of the line and up to date !
my cleaning was quick and painless .
i was in an out in less than an hour !
did i mention that i left with a new patient goodie bag ?
he was amazing with her .
he even high five-d her after her filling !
great off and a great staff !
this place was amazing !
brandy was so nice and friendly with our first ultrasound ever !
she took us in right away and made us feel comfortable .
the room was so big and was very neat !
this definitely deserves 5 stars ! ! !
i definitely will be back !
the office staff were very nice and helpful .
the office is very nice and clean .
there was no waiting time to get in .
will definitely recommend dr ryan
dr. menta has been providing excellent chiropractic care .
the pizza bar is perfect and offer the awesome 2 for $ 5 slices .
they had a warmer taste to them .
the basil tasted just like fresh made pesto .
i also tried the chilli oil and that one had a zing to it .
my tongue was tingly all over .
she creeped me out a little .
this natural products store has been around for quite some time .
at least over twenty years , servicing the southern and eastern areas of charlotte .
not many food items here but some .
what you will find the most of is nutritional supplements .
a very good selection too .
this place does big business with omega-3 fatty acid products .
another big seller here is pet foods ; for both cats and dogs .
the shining stars here are the owners and clerks .
there were multiple people checking patients in so we were n't waiting very long .
not sure why -- -- -- -- probably cause he was cute or something .
no , jk- i really do n't remember .
anyway -- we were in and out in 1.5 hours which is pretty fast .
everyone was polite- no one was rude at all .
there is a big waiting room in the er check in area .
needs some big time upgrading .
it could be scary .
the chairs are really old looking .
it 's time for some upgrades .
the cafeteria also in this area , as well as the gift shop .
access to the rest of the hospital is an elevator away .
all in all -- good experience !
husband walked out with achilles tendinitis and meds !
professional , clean , and always on time !
special thanks to my dental hygienist beverly udeli !
this company consistently provides exception service to my customers .
jason is timely , professional , and provides incredible customer service to our clients .
the same day results are a huge help as well !
thank you guys for the great work .
anyway , what a tremendous improvement .
to start , paul will consult with you to assess the problem/s .
along with that he has given some nutrition advice and reading recommendations .
he truly has a gift and i can not recommend him enough .
we took our son to this er for a simple stomach virus .
they did such a thorough job that they found a tumor in his chest .
the radiologist saw an enlarged thymus from the x-ray .
i will forever be thankful to the doctors that did their job that day .
i had a groupon for facial and had a very relaxing experience .
she made me feel at ease .
i did n't have any issues and her place was clean .
i would recommend her to anyone .
dr. miller is an outstanding surgeon and i am thrilled with my new breasts .
they 're absolutely perfect ! ! !
i will definitely return to dr. miller for any future procedures !
literally the best massage i have ever had .
the massage therapist and receptionist spoke little english but did great work .
the results were fantastic .
i wished i lived in az to go there regularly .
this office is awesome .
i love the workouts , the positivity , and staff .
favorite place to shop !
it is all about experience at this whole foods .
clean , safe , convenient
i am losing weight and understanding better how this is supposed to work !
jennifer is great and very through the staff is wonderful also !
wellness check up for my girls appt .
at 9am in to see the dr and nurse within 1hr .
i like fast appt 's .
can not wait to return .
i got a package and that 's not typically something i do .
i would definitely recommend them to my friends and family .
great job and thank you !
clean , trendy and cute nail and lash shop .
i was able to walk in and get a pedicure right away .
the polish section was very organized and made my process extremely seamless .
they showcased some samples that look amazing !
millie , who was my tech is absolutely amazing .
she 's patient , a perfectionist & not once did i feel rushed .
love it , bigger place that i went before .
my son loves the colorful wall ( nemo & dory ) .
the doctor & nurses are very nice , fast & friendly .
went here yesterday with a living social deal for a massage .
once back there , it feels just like being in a luxury resort .
i thought the couple 's mani/pedi and hot tub spa room was especially adorable .
) , i got a little worried .
here was this cute little girl ; perky , but pretty tiny .
however , i was thoroughly impressed with her skills !
so this was a nice way to qualm those concerns .
there were only 2 real drawbacks to my massage .
and second , it was pretty cold in there .
however , overall this was a fantastic massage .
it felt so much longer than an hour , and in a good way !
this is the most awesome vet clinic i have ever been to ! !
i will always go here from now on .
dr. casey is totally awesome !
you owe it to your pet to go here .
suzi is starting the process of helping my back heal .
i have only just started but first impressions are everything .
my first impression of suzi is that she is very courteous & knowledgeable .
i 'm not very comfortable with massages but suzi made me feel very comfortable .
i always get complimented on my nails whenever i get them done here .
this review is about vanessa because she is the shit !
truth be told she is the messiah of acrylics .
this is because of her technique and how she applies the nails .
on the weekends , she 's busy as hell .
it 's madness ! ! !
you have better luck booking an appointment with her monday/tuesday/wednesday .
gel pedicures start at $ 35 !
most places charge $ 45+ !
the nails techs are nice and professional .
i 'm picky and for the most part they are patient with me .
complimentary refreshments as you wait .
i contacted pritchette for my elderly mother .
their 10 perfect reviews made them an option i wanted to pursue .
i am grateful they have taken such good care of my mother !
made our visit as quick and friendly as possible .
i could n't help but see a negative rating above .
and i can understand how someone could feel that way , at first .
dr. kaplan , is quick and to the point .
those qualities are hard to find together these days !
i would not change my team , for anything !
he did n't bat an eye at taking on such a risk factor !
i thank him each and every day in my prayers !
the staff is also very caring as well as proficient !
thank you all , at academic urology , anthem .
from a very grateful , and still alive , patient !
respectfully , kathy t .
i have been going to this location for quite some time .
i have never been disappointed .
kim is the sweetest and best masseuse i have ever had .
one of the most caring dentist i have ever been to !
excellent work , fast , efficient and everything you could ask for .
i never liked going to the dentist ( who does ? )
but with his outstanding staff and pain-free work i no longer put it off .
currently have another lab under the care of dr mackillop for epilepsy .
on all visits everyone had been professional and clearly loves animals .
it truly is `` you get what you pay for ''
great staff all the way around .
would recommended this to anyone in need of physical therapy .
pablo is great to work with and informs you well .
everything was set up at the house by the time the patient arrived home .
megan , the nurse , is extremely compassionate , thorough , and informative .
i definitely recommend infinity hospice care .
daisy mountain veterinary hospital is everything i 've ever looked for in a vet .
i brought my 3 month old daughter in due to wheezing and coughing .
i 'm a mother of 6 , but having a 10 lb .
baby struggling to breathe is a nerve-wracking situation .
( let 's hope not ! )
by far the best experience i 've had in 13 years as a mother !
this is pretty much the only straight up smoothie shop in the madison area .
but smoothie king knows what 's up .
it 's my hangover cure and my energy boost .
i prefer these guys to getting a coffee at starbucks .
visiting las vegas from australia .
first visit to the office and everyone was very helpful and welcoming .
explained all technical terms and insurance information in detail .
grand opening was predictably busy even during early afternoon .
staffs are so friendly and helpful .
i had no issues with the staff at all .
maybe they were having a good day .
you 'll get it every where the doctor spend time with you .
i have learned to not schedule anything for 3 hours after appointment time .
staying with this doctor , at least he cares .
we had a great experience !
i would recommend them !
they provided care that made sure my family member was comfortable .
i can not say enough good things about the staff at sage .
i was very fortunate to have their care and services for my loved one .
they made everything as easy as it could be during a tough time .
thank you sage hospice for the professionalism and care you provide .
i went for a quick bite during tiff .
i was seated and served quickly .
it was so satisfying .
i grabbed a fresh pressed juice to go , which was expensive but delicious .
absolutely the nicest people you will ever work with !
price was more than fair .
i would not hesitate to use them again .
i tried this location of the joint and i am definitely a fan .
my wife and i were in scottsdale and she wanted to try botox .
sensational skin came highly recommended , and i must say they did not disappoint .
she came out and was very impressed .
a few weeks have went by and she looks amazing .
everyone was so nice and helpful .
my wife and i are recommending sensational skin to everyone ! !
dr. sifri and his staff were all friendly , polite and respectful .
i find that both of these things often elicit judgmental responses .
i love this doctor .
he was so thorough .
he took his time and asked all kinds of questions .
he diagnosed my problem and solved my issues when my regular doctor could not .
his office is old school .
charts are paper , no credit card machine , etc .
i highly recommend him .
in fact , i wish dr. abrams could be my dentist !
but , i think their secret weapon is sam !
he always remembers my kids and he is always so personable with them !
they are very quick once the kids are in the chair !
all in all i think jfk is a great place for kids .
they have a very friendly staff too .
the hygienist is super nice and the assistants are all great too !
i have never had a problem with any of them .
they really seem to care about their patients here .
the staff at the front desk are kind and efficient .
i never waited longer than 5 minutes , which is very impressive .
the surgery was over in less than an hour , including prep time .
thank you dr. bond for taking such good care of your patients .
awesome staff and dr yee !
helped me out with an urgent eye concern !
i recommend this place highly !
i had a treatment this weekend !
google red light therapy .
they are a wealth of health info .
i 've learned so much !
and feel so much better .
my favorite spot to buy items for my hookah .
prices are reasonable and staff is always friendly and knowledgable .
dr. will is awesome !
i sought out chiropractic because i had terrible headaches for years .
he puts a lot of time into each treatment and i feel great !
brendan treats each individual as if they are an all-star and olympian .
thanks brendan for all that you do to help others !
- cristin van driel , cvd coaching
charles has done my botox and has done an amazing job !
then he works his magic !
you must definitely make an appointment with him if you are considering some botox !
i will definitely be back !
leah is a kind , compassionate and extremely knowledgeable therapist .
i highly recommend her !
pearson eyecare group has phenomenal customer service .
dr. black was great too .
i would highly recommend this place .
jessica is wonderful with color , technique , and conversation .
definitely give this place a look !
the office staff is also on top of their game .
it was above and beyond .
now this place is very expensive .
i think my 1 month cost about $ 250 .
ca n't remember the exact number but it was close to that .
the gym is really big .
they have 3 main training areas , a small octagon and a boxing ring .
the training staff here is really good and they do know their stuff .
you 'll then pair off with a partner and start doing lessons .
it 's all there .
i felt light , my back and leg pain desapeared
products work good for me .
top notch customer support !
i wish i had stumbled across fresh earlier .
i enjoy the personal attention and professional advise they give .
use this place for all my supplemental needs , highly recommend .
i have been going here since i have lived in vegas .
the staff is wonderful and very helpful .
dr. vu is great and straight forward .
staff is polite , kind and very understanding .
especially if you do the online check in .
my father is a disabled army veteran .
we coordinated his disability case with this firm .
they provide sensarional customer support and address any concerns you have .
optimism is n't the best part though .
dave actually follows through with it until the very end .
what he explained to my dad and i was pertinent information .
the hearing went according to what dave told us .
my dad ended up receiving the benefits he deserved for his disability .
we are extremely satisfied with how this ordeal turned out with this company !
i see kylie at the scottsdale location and she is awesome !
she is very caring and really takes her time with you .
i brought my 17 year old daughter to dr.kwak-tran and she was very helpful .
she spent a lot of time with her and eased all of her concerns .
very nice and her front desk staff was very nice and friendly .
this place is awesome .
my dog chewed the arms off of my glasses .
i went in there with them .
right away they got me somebody .
will always go here for my glasses .
i 've seen doctor young 3 times now .
he is a great and knowledgeable .
everytime i 've had an appointment its been a great experience .
he and his staff are very kind and helpful .
he listens to my concerns and answers my question .
i would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a spine specialist .
dr. hsu and his staff are amazing .
being see him for over 15 years and could n't be happier .
they are always extremely professional and helpful .
my entire family uses him now .
very professional and painless .
i would definitely recommend to friends and family .
thank you guys for making my teeth white !
heather , the dental hygienist is the best !
she is oh so compassionate and kind !
heather 's professionalism and kindness makes going to the dentist a pleasant experience .
she put me at ease right away .
she was very sweet and knowledgeable in her profession .
she is thorough and prompt .
she always works with you and understands life issues .
i love this location even more now : ) thank you .
friendly professional staff pa was great talked to us not down to us .
made my daughter feel at ease and comfortable .
biopsy was done to make sure all was ok .
had a great experience at today nails .
foot massage was amazing as well as a gel manicure .
i would recommend this place to visitors and locals .
ask for lou , ivy , ben , or kevin .
there was no wait for services and everyone was so kind !
they go above and beyond for their customers .
i chose them because i liked the style of their eyewear .
the prices are good and they are cognizant of budgets without compromising your needs .
she had somewhat of an accent and we ca n't quit remember her name .
she was more than helpful .
when someone thanks you a simple your welcome !
or have a nice day would n't hurt !
she does not belong in that office not with an attitude like that .
called up and was able to get an appointment the next day .
follow up appointments were scheduled super quick .
friendly staff and great doctors !
glad they opened up in old town !
my girlfriend and i went to several consultations looking for breast augmentation .
dr. meger came highly recommended .
his nurse theresa is by far the best ! !
she recommended a bigger size and we are both glad we went bigger .
the office staff is great , nice and friendly .
i highly recommend dr. meger for all your cosmetic surgery needs .
second , debbie is fantastic .
she did an amazing job .
i 'll definitely go back to this shop and plan to request her again .
update : debbie has moved on from massage envy ... just fyi .
i just moved close to their area and i was glad i found them .
the massage experience is amazing and consistent .
needless to say that i wake up not feeling rested .
i was able to float for the first time and truly enjoyed it .
when you hear floating in the dark for 1 hour sounds a bit daunting .
seeing is understanding : you are in control of the environment .
your pod is a private room with shower .
you control lights sound/music and can leave pod door ajar or completely open .
this establishment is very clean and organized .
i really appreciated the staff they were very informative and made feel at home .
i really look forward to floating again with true rest float spa
i think this place is amazing .
i would highly recommend kharma life center .
i 've driven by many times and finally decided to stop in .
we are very pleased with the experience especially because there is no appointment necessary .
i signed up today for the monthly family membership .
dr. roach explained the entire chiropractic process .
there was no wait time and we had the room to ourselves .
service was good and it was definitely worth the value .
everything about this salon is as good as it gets .
scheduling is efficient and accommodating to a busy schedule .
everyone is welcoming and extremely personable .
i would highly recommend this salon !
scheduled an appointment for a massage after a long day in conference .
best massage i 've ever had !
loved loved loved my treatment here .
i bought a groupon for ionic foot detox and shampoo with a scalp massage .
now my hair is permanently soft and wonderful .
... still 5 stars after filings !
nice to go to an all around efficient doctor 's office here in vegas !
finally , a solid dentist !
i am a patient of dr. weingarten for more than 10 years .
i am very happy with his services .
he is highly professional and i like his bedside manners , too .
the office staff people are pleasant and well trained .
the place is cram packed with tons of organic stuff .
the prices ca n't be beat .
and chances are , you 'll find something new to try .
that 's the best part about visiting this store !
they used to get it at wal-mart in iowa !
i called and andy in the grocery department was super helpful !
mom and dad bought 3lbs for $ 5.99 .
honestly , i love whole foods for certain items .
next time i 'm in , i will be sure to ask !
she 's kind , intelligent , and incredibly skilled at her craft .
i 'd entrust her with my life .
best ymca in charlotte !
i 've been going here for years .
( how you know when it 's good ? ) .
i enjoy not having to think about my workout so i do take classes .
here are some of my favorites : barre- with julie !
for insurance i do n't think it gets better than anthem bcbs .
i mean , c'mon .
that 's pretty awesome . )
armed with my new insurance , i went in for an evaluation and cleaning .
it did n't hurt one bit .
i liked that touch .
look no further than smart dental .
dr. sifri and his staff are wonderful !
i have had a problem in my shoulder area for over a year now .
the session was painfully good , i feel 100 times better .
the pain that i was constantly feeling has subsided greatly .
i will be back for follow up treatments .
nice clean rooms and pleasant staff .
some of the music selection is odd ( religious ) .
this place offers great spa services at really great prices .
the students that perform the services are all very thorough and friendly .
but for the price , who really cares ? ? ?
nice gym where you can olympic lift as well as all other types .
his strong pressure was right on - intense , but good !
thank you for everything !
it was a very relaxing experience .
kudos to your operation and great job !
i will be back forever !
found them on groupon and i 'm so happy i did .
alan did my deep tissue massage and was absolutely amazing !
they are lucky to have him .
sometimes i feel like the therapist is rushed and not into their job .
when someone has their hands on you , you feel their energy and intentions .
i could tell that he enjoys his work .
he was n't rushed .
this is huge for me !
i cant wait to go back .
already booked my next appointment with alan .
they have great packages and do chair massages as well .
give them a try !
i got a groupon for their sauna and jade table massage .
the sauna is just great !
the missing star ... a shower for a quick refresh would be awesome !
i was iffy about it since it was a groupon .
i had kayla do my lashes she is amazing , funny and friendly !
not to mention my eyelashes look amazing !
she gave me her personal number just incase anything happened .
keri is an awesome hygienist who custom tailored a maintenance program for me .
the offices and facilities are first rate and expertise unmatched .
summer ensures that billing is always detailed and correct .
such a great experience !
charles was very friendly and gentle .
the salon is very nice and clean .
i 'd had injections once before , but this experience definitely outweighed the first .
i 'll be going back when it 's time for fillers again .
best grocery store ever .
came here a few weeks ago for my ultrasound !
she answered any questions we had .
she also explained everything we were looking at !
and so cool she texted us the photos right away !
the pricing is extremely reasonable .
although they are all students , they have really good knowledge .
i get a standard facial every time .
they record and save your information for your next visit .
i would recommend them .
i use to go to to ulta and spent over $ 60+ a facial .
for the same service , $ 30+ .
i 'll definitely be back soon .
dr. roach is seriously the best .
they do a free body-fat composition with specific details .
it 's hands-down legit !
they also offer protein supplements without sugar , which is ideal .
additionally , the store is super clean and the service is top-notch .
if you ask a question , they will answer it in a friendly way .
there are no attitudes here at all .
quick and easy way to get after hours care .
- especially when you have a sick and cranky toddler in the back seat .
but it 's worth it !
dr. harouni is very kind and warm , and very , very smart .
there 's even fruit and coffee in the waiting room .
both dr tang and his staff are friendly , kind , and efficient .
i would recommend dr. tang to anyone looking for a new dentist .
she was very , very good .
this was a 90 minute massage .
go see brittney it 's worth it .
i 'll make this short ... sort of like my visit to urgent care .
i was in and out in an hour .
they were professional , kind , understanding and did exactly what i needed .
they did the job and all was well .
this was my second visit and i am totally happy with them .
i 'm glad they 're near me .
i love the macrobiotic soba noodle bowl w 369 sauce on the side .
pisses me off they do n't have calorie counts .
bathrooms clean and nice .
i first saw him for recurring foot , ankle and knee pain .
thanks for all of your help dr. serrick , you 're amazing !
they fixed their issues with wait times .
i have had great success with medshape over the months .
they ended up helping me lose 55 pounds so far .
i just wish she was at the mesa office more often on fridays .
i woke up this morning with fever blisters/cold sores aka herpes on my lips .
it stops the spreading .
while on vacation i had an outbreak due to having a fever all night .
i had one valtrex with me .
she said call an urgent care in vegas .
i called this place.. dr logan answers to the phone .
apparently the laws are different out here .
he was very careful in his process .
$ 50 and i was done .
the women 's locker room alone is enough to rant and rave about !
my favorite thing about this gym is the classes .
i really love this store !
i like the fact that i can purchase healthy food nearby is great .
the prices are not too high and they offer a good variety .
my only complaint is that the cashiers are so unfriendly !
this is definitely the best place to go to for any dental work..
this is the most amazing place if you are looking for scar revision !
dr mall and mitchelle took great care of me .
i recieved genesis laser and a few cortizone shots !
both painless and very reasonably priced !
this is the place to go if your looking for any skin care needs !
i like the brittney who i saw today .
it was interesting to have 2 trainees in the room with me .
i was fine with it .
i talk a lot and always have away to make them laugh .
eases up the atmosphere of the room .
they had two kitties about 10 mo .
we saw a gray and a black kitty .
shots , spaying , chip and declawing is schedule this next week .
she 's now gained a new name of `` coco . ''
she has a facebook page too as `` coco 's kitty page '' .
we welcome your visits .
please `` like '' and enjoy her adventures .
i love dr. layman and her staff .
if you need braces then i recommend santucci orthodontics .
they make you feel pretty special sometimes .
you get 5 geckles per visit as long as you meet the requirements .
their staff is awesome ! !
recently i broke what 's called my 'bite corrector . '
its a bar inside my mouth attached to my braces that corrects my bite .
unfortunately it broke on a saturday evening .
i do n't even know if they were open yet !
now that 's awesome !
i highly recommend santucci orthodontics !
dr. rowe is very kind and patient ... and fast !
very pain-free , stress-free experience today getting a couple of fillings .
i was dreading it , but dr. rowe & her team made it easy .
the service dog , zach , was a nice touch too .
i felt very comfortable here & would highly recommemd her .
i do recommend this place super clean or looking for weekend appointments ! ! !
my cousins and i went here for a facial/massage package and were blown away !
all of our therapists were awesome !
my massage therapist , douglas , was amazing !
i shall definitely return to this place every time i 'm in vegas !
literally the best doctor in history .
he 's not like my best friend or something this is a real review .
i have nothing but gratitude for his plastic surgery for my injury .
our family loves this dental office .
dr. trevor is amazing !
great staff , very clean office .
kim did my chemical peel and my mothers facial today and it was wonderful !
she is very sweet and fun to talk to !
she is very careful , gentle and incredibly knowledgeable .
we will definitely be returning to see her !
update : surgery was a success !
i can not wait to be myself again !
i ca n't believe i feel like this !
never had to wait .
usually go in right away which i like .
the dentist was very kind and gentle .
glad i found this place .
i highly recommend bateman dental .
my favorite dentist by far .
actually enjoyed going to the dentist for once .
would definitely recommend this to family and friends .
i had a fantastic massage .
ian and amy are great and really are passionate about their work .
what an amazing experience !
i found this place through a living social deal .
all i can say is i am so happy i found this place !
actually , i could say so much more but i will keep it simple .
very clean brand new location .
dr. luca made my first experience with acupuncture so pleasant ! ! !
10/10 would recommend to a friend .
i highly recommend the hydration station and the red light therapy !
i 'm excited to add this stress relief into my weekly routine
dr. patti did an adjustment that helped me more than i thought chiropractic could .
i had a hemorrhoids banding procedure with dr. shih .
he 's the best doctor ever .
he cares about his patient so much .
before the procedure he explained everything really detail .
since one of my hemorrhoid size is too big .
i trust him and he made it .
i felt so happy and blessed .
nurses , cnas , and therapists are the most caring people .
every office visit he actually likes to have a conversation and is very compassionate .
the wait however is just crazy but that 's expected in a doctors office .
also i see jessica gdovin as well and i loooovvveee her !
i honestly will never go anywhere else unless they close down !
i 've always wanted to try an oxygen bar .
this place is a medium-sized booth with a couple people behind the counter .
there were a couple seats available with a few other people at the bar .
i was pretty stoked it included a massage as well .
it 's not an overwhelming scent but it is pleasant .
it 's an awesome combination of oxygen and a little massage .
they do try to sell you their stuff but are not pushy .
but that 's another review .
the people are so nice and the store is very clean and well arranged .
we will definitely keep this store in our repertoire .
until next time toronto ... .
but the cheese and wine bar are what really get me going !
it 's that good .
this advise goes for the wine too !
( but i always get some good ol ' brie )
extremely friendly & highly professional atmosphere .
doc k is a leading expert in pain management and is fantastic !
doc jarrett makes my back feel like a million bucks ! !
unfortunately his day does n't have much `` wiggle room '' .
quick , friendly , helpful and great for specialty medications .
probably one of the best retina specialist in town .
took my dad to see her for diabetic retinopathy .
very approachable and explains everything in layman 's term .
i am 6 weeks post breast lift and full tummy tuck .
i am so happy with the results .
the comfort level with him was awesome .
he was very down to earth & he answered all my questions .
he was not pushy or arrogant in any way .
i was very satisfied with his excellent surgical skills & his personality .
i would recommend dr. olson to anyone .
i went to dunn orthodontics for my 9 year old 's consultation .
i have to say , i love this place !
i 'm amazed at the professionalism and ease of the appointment .
what a great place !
the facility is clean and kid friendly .
i highly recommend dunn dental !
the best orthodontist/dentist office in town !
my family and i have been going here for years .
the staff is very polite and professional .
my family and i will be patients for life
what a fantastic experience i had the past few days with this establishment ! !
this place went above and beyond !
when i went to pick her up , everyone was great yet again !
also very reasonable prices !
love this place and finally found a perfect fit vet !
absolutely first rate health care treatment and the staff is likewise top notch .
i would not go anywhere else .
the ringing , while it has n't completely stopped , has gone down considerably .
some days it disappears so i 'm hoping it continues to improve .
my mouthguard is legitimately one of my favorite things in the world .
thank you so much dr. chase and brittany !
i have gotten really excellent care here .
caught some things that could have been easily passed over .
she also addressed all the minor issues that i brought up , too !
just really thankful to be going here .
great staff and dr. merger does excellent work .
so happy with my results and i felt comfortable the whole time .
thank you , ruby .
she was also extremely kind and helpful about suggestions around las vegas .
i ca n't wait to go back .
they offer memberships so i 'm thinking of joining !
like a previous reviewer , i needed an affordable option .
i 'm new to the area and i needed a dentist here .
at $ 49 with the coupon , who could say no ?
when i arrived for my saturday ( yay ! )
the office was small and older , but clean .
thorough , knowledgeable and very personable .
she , too , was very nice and thorough .
and it only took one try .
i went to totum for the first time this morning .
i took a 7:15am spin class , and i was not disappointed !
the class finished with 5-7 minutes of pilates , and 5 minutes of stretching .
i would absolutely return to her class in a heartbeat ( pun intended ) .
the front desk receptionist was also lovely .
she asked me , as i was leaving , how my class went .
she had a genuine interest in ensuring my experiencing was elevated .
i will definitely return for more butt kicking !
heather was very knowledgable and i trusted her opinion .
the office was clean and modern and the receptionists were very professional .
i recommend this clinic and heather to anyone looking for successful treatment and care .
worth the monthly investment .
therapist ensures your comfortable and relaxed .
i love this place .
the massage is relaxing and enjoyable .
i trust her to do a superior job the first time .
staff were kind and courteous and worked with my schedule .
very grateful as i am feeling much better !
amazing environment , wonderful service .
my husband and i loved it .
highly recommend this place !
an oasis in the desert .
fantastic doctor and staff .
i had a great experience as always coming to this practice .
very professional and knowledgable workmanship conveyed here .
renee was super friendly and made me feel so much better !
i would definitely recommend them .
i would highly recommend lindsay .
so happy to have lindsay in charlotte ! !
the spa was amazing !
i 'm excited to finish the rest of my treatments here !
what can i say ?
the universe must have heard me because i ended up here .
paul is an amazing healer , he helped me mentally , spiritual and physically .
i know i have work to do and he helped me to realize that .
everything about this spa is absolutely gorgeous and such a unique spiritual experience !
the treatments here are five-star resort expected .
they are extremely professional and consistent .
i always know what to expect !
i especially liked the cold shower , steam room and inhalation room .
food is pretty good that my friend and i order poolside .
here 's the cons that i recently experienced .
the pool area was dirty and needed basic maintenance and deep cleaning .
the rubber mat poolside was really dirty .
towels seemed to be very aged and worn .
they were super busy no did n't have enough staffing .
i 'll be back even though i had a few complaints .
maybe they will see this and do some house keeping !
the office is very clean and well equipped .
clean efficient and organized .
we love this office .
dr. limkemann is great he takes time with you and is very friendly .
they offer same day appointments .
i highly recommend dr. gary brigham for invisalign .
and the office staff is so accomodative to your schedule ( not theirs ) .
i could not imagine anyone being any better for this procedure .
he is knowledgable and professional in his job .
i was concerned about the wait time .
they actually got to me very quickly and efficiently !
the office is very clean and modern .
i also was not pressured to purchase any eyewear .
i highly recommend this company and office !
first time in a fresh on a weekend and they have brunch from 10-3pm !
this probably also applies for the other locations .
i 'm craving the pancakes again already !
my 13 yr old has chairi malformation .
she was down 15mm and needed a decompression surgery .
dr blum was a charm ! !
he was very good about leaving her hair and not shave happy .
her scar is the best i have ever seen vs thousands i have .
they take great care of my two dogs and my cat !
very affordable as well .
they are clearly in this business for the love of animals over the money .
and they adore animals !
sooo amazing she treated me so well .
definitely will be coming back to get more facials/massages .
lorna is super professional , kind , and allows you to relax .
loved my facial and she also makes you feel super comfortable .
exceeded expectations and beyond soothing .
also , the staff is beyond genuine .
dr k and his staff are amazing !
they are all incredible with my pet for boarding and his medical needs .
they have fit me in their schedule during many emergencies .
i highly recommend dr. karim sirsy for a family medical doctor .
dr. sirsy is very nice and professional .
i can see the dr. very quickly and the staff is very nice .
you will be very happy with dr. sirsy and his office .
really there to help you the best they can .
i 'm pregnant , in my first trimester .
on a saturday afternoon i suddenly had severe tooth pain .
i was so concerned and miserable .
he saved my tooth ! !
these people are amazing , well priced , caring and attentive .
this one is my favorite thus far .
$ 38 for 75 minute massage with hot stone is a great deal .
i 've never been disappointed at this spa .
all of my masseuse 's have been very good .
what an amazing staff !
dr. noorda is incredibly professional , thorough , and personable .
and walking around las vegas .
you can spot a `` noorda smile '' anywhere ... they 're absolutely perfect !
laseraway at scottsdale quarter has good customer service and a friendly staff .
i was attending for tattoo removal .
instead they just have a set price log .
i wish more healthcare was like this !
i 've been coming here for as long as i can remember .
i 've never been disappointed with dr. cherrington or his staff .
they have the best hygienist in town as far as i 'm concerned .
every time i 'm in the office there is something new .
thank you ruth and dr. cherrington for being the best !
she is also outstanding !
lauretta is simply the best !
she is extremely knowledgeable and my skin is finally on the mend .
i love her chemical peels .
i have had 5 treatments so far , and the results speak for themselves .
pca products and an amazing aesthetician make all difference .
sarah knows her lashes .
the glue she uses does not make my nose burn .
it 's worth the trip from henderson .
the atmosphere is extremely comfortable with the fluffy bed and good music .
i will definitely keep getting the bundle fill till i leave vegas area .
eaxctly what i need !
first , despite the other reviews i thought the staff was excellent !
not sure why other reviews have been bad .
get a reality check kayla ...
i was completely clueless when i met ken nair .
i had no idea how i really affected my wife .
that 's pretty awesome .
i came here with a friend a while back , and they were amazing .
i would definitely come back if i was in the area !
she also discounts a session $ 15 in your birthday month .
but i need n't have worried about the salon .
so do n't worry about it guys .
and gals , you 'll be right in your element .
jillian is an experienced lmt with a broad skillset .
then head across the parking lot for a healthy bite at mad greens .
i 'm a twenty something year old .
from the beginning i was treated like his own son .
just holding a conversation with him is intense .
one , a world renowned colon hydrotherapist and the other an independent filmmaker .
i ca n't stress enough how much of an inspiration he is .
i 've had only one other chiropractor in the past and he was great .
all of the staff are super nice and never try to up sell you .
my therapist , jason , does wonders on me .
when i left an hour later the sanitizer had been filled .
charles does a great job every time .
fun friendly environment and is always on time and ready for me .
would definitely go back again plus recommend my friends .
this location is newer and so clean .
they are so professional and really take care of each patient .
laura has done my mri and was amazing .
she really went above and beyond .
a nice woman also just did my ct scan today .
i have many scans and will only come here .
dr. ngo is an amazing dentist !
i 'd recommend him and his staff to everyone looking for an excellent dentist .
i love whole foods !
when i first walked into this store it was overwhelming .
you do n't have to be rich to shop here .
these healthy selections last me atleast 5 working days .
weekly i spend $ 25- $ 30 for a single female .
got the couples massage here for our 5 year anniversary and it was fantastic !
my 6ft tall boyfriend had trouble fitting his feet in there comfortably .
carol melim has been my therapist for several years and is amazing !
i 've seen real progress !
but other than that it 's fine !
no charge to me they did ultrasounds and a pregnancy test .
i am not very religious and nobody shoved religion down my throat .
the office had such a welcoming feel right when i walked in .
the staff seemed happy to be there .
an upbeat , positive environment .
dr. dimassa was great .
looking forward to being treated by this great team of professionals .
my dentist is smart .
was on a blind date and the guy asked me who my dentist was .
i chuckled and told him dr. nestlerode .
call the office and schedule an appt with anita .
and do n't be afraid to ask for extra novacaine .
very clean locker rooms .
never had an issue not being able to get on a cardio machine .
they have a nice rack of magazines near the 30 min limit cardio machines .
they recently added a seated incline leg press machine .
they offer hot yoga and the yoga studio is beautiful !
the multipurpose room is also nice and has garage doors that open up .
this showed me she truly wants to help folks !
i would recommend her to anyone and with huge confidence !
i have had nothing but great experiences here so far .
my initial visit went smoothly and quickly .
the dental hygienists and assistants were very kind and professional .
the visit to get my braces applies also went well .
i am glad i chose this establishment to go on with my braces journey !
this place is hugh !
staff is friendly , doctors are great , very patient and caring .
how i found andrea is quite the story in itself .
i was willing to settle for anything - it was an emergency ! ! !
from the minute you meet andrea you feel like you 're right at home .
she 's super warm and makes you feel very comfortable .
i started out with just my brow waxing then moved onto her fab facials .
andrea is honestly the best !
two weeks later the doctors performed a mid calf amputation .
after a difficult two months , she was ready for her first prosthetic .
pro care was a few blocks from our home .
first visit she carried her leg in a bag .
not a good start .
therapists do n't accept excuses .
pretty soon he was pulling the walker to make her keep up .
each visit the therapist introduced new exercises to get ready for the next steps .
now , he follows critiquing each step .
steps and curbs are a particularly terrifying obstacle .
going to be walking from now on .
success and end of professional therapy is walking with a cane .
looks like that is a week away at this rate of improvement .
it 's been a physically exhausting , a little painful but mostly terrifying journey .
miracles take work sometimes .
the therapist and staff at pro care work miracles daily .
it 's been an amazing transformation with a motivated patient and expert care .
customer service is the best .
he never rushes and is very knowledgeable .
my daughter feels comfortable and he makes her smile .
the office is always clean and the staff is always polite .
literally stop here daily !
always so friendly and helping me get exactly what i want .
friendly and knowledgeable staff .
my 7 yr old felt very comfortable as a patient there .
i really love this store !
this pet store really cares about customer service to the fullest .
i think that is awesome !
this could be by far the best place to get a massage at .
i paid $ 80 for a deep tissue massage in may this year .
i cant rememebr my therapists name , but she was amazing .
her hands were perfect .
got to spend my birthday here .
what an amazing day !
ca n't wait to go back !
just got my first section done today .
really happy about the result so far .
really clean place and friendly staff .
he has so much patience , and is a true professional .
i started seeing her during my pregnancy .
everyone i 've ever sent to her absolutely loves her and feels immediate relief .
she is an artist and master of her trade .
i am so grateful to have such an amazing practitioner for my family !
i wanted to give a shout out to the camp transformation center !
he wears many hats ... and he wears each one exceptionally well !
his office staff is pleasant , efficient and accommodating .
... and now , all is well .
... he saves lives .
and tip the ladies at least $ 10 .
they do an incredible job & for the price , they definitely deserve it .
they even use hot stones on your back .
it 's pretty great .
wow , where to begin ?
this woman is amazing !
i had back pain for 8 years .
personality aside , ashlee knows what she is doing !
by week 6 my pain was gone ! !
but that is how engraved the pain was in me and even my mannerisms .
now i carry him around all day and never feel a thing !
thank you pch for your help .
dr. foreman made the dentures fit very well in my mouth .
he was amazing ! ! !
he was professional , friendly and respectful to me .
right away he saw the healing and mouth and changes in my oral needs .
i 'll continue coming back .
i 'm fortunate indeed !
the best ymca around ! ! !
they have two indoor swimming pools .
they also have a fabulous sauna both dry and wet .
they even have a jacuzzi for your enjoyment .
they have a few rows of showers and an exit directly to the pool .
one of greatest things that is cherished by many guests are the laundered towels .
you can enjoy as many as you like during your visit .
no problem - your in luck ! !
they have a store that practically has everything you could dream of wanting .
they have that taken care of too !
smoothies , hot cooked meals , quick on the go grab food .
pretty awesome , now come find out for yourself ! !
i 've had brookstone dental as my dentist for fifteen years .
i 've always hated going to the dentist , like most people .
i never wait more than five minutes to be seen .
dr goldring and his staff are very personable and fun to visit .
i highly recommend brookstone dental .
i have changed primary physicians 3 times in as many years .
not because of the doctors , but because of terribly incompetent staffs .
hilcrest dental really is as good as it gets !
extra kudos to dental hygienist sherlisa !
some day they might even update their website .
my mom has been a resident at scottsdale memory care for almost six years .
this memory care facility is the very best of the best ! !
the nurses , and medical director colleen , provide exceptional care for the residents .
i can not say enough about the professionalism demonstrated at every level here .
had a great first visit !
will definitely be back !
i love this place and she always does a consistent great job .
she pays attention to detail and is very maticulious about her work !
from check in to finish this office has been fantastic .
very professional , knowledgable , answered all my questions .
definitely recommend this vet !
i 've been to this clinic 4 or 5 times .
got my tkr surgery there .
i just love that hospital !
the nurses , assistants , housekeeping , everyone !
i like dr. patel & the staff @ bella vista internal med .
the doctor is very conscientious and thorough .
so the cost of some of my meds had doubled .
and i thought they were expensive 90 days ago !
i have received calls from the doctor 's office with updates of test results .
thank you dr. jigna patel .
fell in love and went again 2 days later .
the main takeaway though is the damn quinoa onion rings !
holy they are sooo good .
note that its $ 6 and they legit only give u like 5 rings .
whatever , well worth it !
the grilled veggie n pesto wrap is my fav .
like who does n't like pesto right ? !
i have tried it in the tortilla and on a bed of lettuce .
the side of kale slaw is nothing great .
the fries are also amazing here !
shocker - the regular ones are better than the sweet potato fries .
do not get the cornbread ever though , its dry and nasty .
the doctor talks with you and makes you feel comfortable during the adjustment .
had a wonderful foot and body massage .
very professional and price is within the top 10 spa 's in vegas .
thank you abc dental for the great service !
my appointment was right on time , love when that happens .
her assistant was really nice and helpful and so was dr. kim .
polite , professional , and thorough ! ! !
i would n't go anywhere else !
overall a great experience .
i scheduled a eye test and finally had to break down and get glasses .
from the actual md to the sales representative , they were very attentive .
they have a great selection of quality frames which i liked .
most places just have the same old bland frames .
i was very happy with my experience .
a whole new concept in the world of chiropractic care !
come on people , not everything is reheated with a microwave oven .
luckily for us , we got the joint .
oh well , that was few years ago at another place .
now , i do n't have any of these problems with the joint .
at 12.50 a week , why not feel better !
first impression dentistry is awesome .
the waiting area is very beautiful and the staff is extremely friendly .
i felt at ease during my procedure .
i moved to az and was looking for a gynecologist , i saw mary .
the staff there was very friendly and mary was incredible .
she was so sweet and made me feel so comfortable ! !
fantastic dentist ! ! !
from beginning to end this was a great experience .
i love the convenience of three locations , and saturday hours .
thank you floss dental and orthodontics ! ! !
i see kevin , who is a nurse practitioner .
he is up to speed on all the latest technologies and lasers .
he 's very kind and very personable .
i highly recommend arizona laser for tattoo removal .
good music playing too !
then i can go down the hallway and get my prescriptions too .
they even have physical therapy in house .
pretty much a one-stop-shop for medical care minus surgeries .
i definitely recommend birthing your first , second , or seventh baby here !
my all time favorite store to buy all my lvft apparel .
they all clearly are good at what they do and enjoy doing it .
thank you dr. daccache .
i would definitely attribute this to the lasers used at this location .
best place in town hands down ! ! ! !
i love this place !
i called , and was able to get in same day .
the staff was super professional and put me right at ease .
i have definitely found a practice that i can feel comfortable coming back to .
amazing staff and doctors .
if you are looking for a good eye doctor you cant go wrong !
so i booked it right away with cindy .
i recently moved to las vegas and my skin is freaking out !
i came in today with extremely thirsty skin .
she did a moisturizing mask after the pumpkin facial and derma sweep .
thank you , cindy !
it makes me feel ... .happy .
i love being in here , even if i 'm just wandering around aimlessly .
its almost like an adventure if i do say so myself .
ever need any excitement hop on into the fun train , only stop marc 's
the facility is beautiful , calming and very clean .
someone is always available to answer the phone , too .
i highly recommend infinity hospice care .
not to mention , very informative .
tami , the assistant , is awesome and very courteous .
if you 're in the market for a chiropractor check out charlotte chiropractic center .
got the swedish with breanna .
wife and i stayed here and booked a massage at the joya spa .
the staff is extremely nice !
i cant say enough great things about this place !
i ca n't wait until my next massage with kristen .
also be sure to check out kyna aka the stretch ninja .
i absolutely love this place
you can spend a fortune here but it is so good .
even the small bakery section is yummy .
fruits and veggies are really nice here , quality and organic .
this place is amazing , i could have stayed there for hours .
the staff was super helpful and walked me through delicious oil and vinegar tastings .
next time ill try the wine or scotch !
absolutely the best in town .
honest , professional and very friendly .
i always feel comfortable and relaxed .
my hygenist is very good and cleaning is pain free .
dr. bobbett has always been honest and offers many options to dental issues .
now he is more diligent about his teeth than i am ! ! ! !
what 's up with that , sprouts ?
still , the fact that the store is even there is a huge plus .
dr. bates is the best chiropractor in the valley .
i drive all the way out to gilbert to see him .
he totally resolved a chronic shoulder issue that i had been suffering from .
i have also seen him work wonders for athletes that i work with .
i , love love love blue skye 's massage clinic .
davonna is great and very professional .
pick up the phone and make an appointment .
) , and i 'm not exaggerating when i say it was life changing .
by the end of this year , i will have had 2 dental cleanings .
i only blame myself .
here they give it to you straight .
also , the smoothies , my gosh .
there are few things i despise more than going to the dentist .
the experience is all about comfort and great dental care .
i went to my first dentist in phoenix for over 20 years .
i conveniently forgot about the dentist until a crown fell off .
they were able to schedule an appointment for the next day .
i think i 've found my dentist for the next 20+ years ! !
this is one of those parts of having a baby that is truly indispensable .
call placenta benefits immediately after your baby is born .
the little capsules you get in return are magical .
mood regulation , milk production assistance , just overall feeling so much better .
an absolute must for every new mom .
give yourself an amazing baby gift .
the elements of health got me on road to recovery .
bet my life would be quite different now had i only come here sooner .
one of the most caring and compassionate doctors i have ever met .
my mom found out she had stage 3 breast cancer .
he had her in 2 days later performing a pristine surgery .
her recovery was spotless !
the whole staff here is amazing !
my son will definitely be coming back .
thank you guys so much !
i very highly suggest going here .
also the dog in the place is awesome .
had a foot issue .
they got me in and out and diagnosed faxed prescription to pharmacy .
i regularly go to in touch wellness for massages with nick brown .
it 's one of the best investments i make in myself and my well-being .
great location , super nice office staff , extremely convenient .
high quality previously prepared foods with a great variety .
i highly recommend this location for anyone living in the no .
dr. galla works miracles !
he has helped me out tremendously over the years .
you will not be disappointed !
dr. barakat and her staff are excellent .
the office is clean and upbeat .
very happy to have found opus 1 .
this is one of the best experiences i 've had in while .
we had a fantastic experience at dr. budd 's office .
his staff was wonderful and understanding .
i ca n't say enough good words
i love the staff at brookstone dental .
they are very personable and listen to my needs .
dr. goldring is very personable as well and makes me feel very comfortable .
i had briana , let me tell you , she was incredible ! !
super quick , painless , all the above .
she found a vein immediately .
thank you so much briana !
so they 're really quick .
glad i chose to come to this location !
highly recommend this place !
what an amazing an passionate dr !
scott is my massage therapist .
and every time i leave there feeling sore , but amazing .
he has magical hands that can get down deep and release the muscle knots/tension .
i recommend scott for your next 90 minute session .
great customer service too !
i hate to give a poor review given that people were nice .
however , wait time is terrible there .
i waited 30 minutes even though i had an appointment .
anyway , i spent 90 minutes there overall just for an eye exam !
i did not even want to meet this new dentist , dr adriatick rama .
i also got word that this new dentist is all about corporate dentistry .
i love the new location and the new staff .
chris the hygienist is now probably my favorite hygienist of all time .
wish i could give more stars .
they are real pros .
so i 'm new-ish in town and was in desperate need of a massage .
my back is messed up !
so off to yelp i went .
i 'm going to echo the rave reviews .
i saw katrina and the experience was pleasant from top to bottom .
katrina managed to surprise me with different moves/techniques to work on my knots .
also , the online booking is great .
i made my appt from the ease of my home at 10pm one night .
i 'm a fan and will be back .
check out this locally owned business .
the prices are fair and business appears to be brisk .
eta - reading and spelling is fundamental .
he always said his spine was crooked and it was confirmed .
dr. young was great with my 5 yr old daughter .
he was able to pinpoint at least one problem and help us with that .
he was super helpful .
dr. budd is super friendly and has fantastic office staff .
they know your name and make you very comfortable .
my daughter loved the prizes & incentives & contests .
had a tooth pulled in and out in under an hour .
def will be back to get more work done .
anyone and everyone needs to switch their dentist to dr rouhani .
just called for info on a wheelchair rental .
i will recommend this place
our problems were different , but both very straightforward .
the front sign is very small on the building and easily missed .
it says arrowhead family and sports medicine .
my husband and daughters have been patients of dr. romine for 14 years .
she is a phoenix top doc .
i ca n't imagine going anywhere else .
charles is the best ! !
he is professional ! !
this is the only place i will go for botox and filler ! !
i highly recommend this place ... they are so friendly !
my therapist was kayce and my husband had gizelle they were both outstanding .
we left feeling so relaxed and just really good .
scott is hands down the best doctor in the las vegas valley .
we drive from centennial hills for his care and compassion .
high praises go to dr. kartnizel and his staff .
he 's simply the best ob/gyn in the valley in my opinion !
out of 10 appts we only had to wait overtime once .
the exam rooms are cozy and feature wall art from his clients .
i went to see dr. joy for my neck and shoulder pain .
his adjustments are smooth and very comfortable .
he does muscle work and acupuncture as well which not all chiropractors do .
the mindfit glasses were also great .
i 've never been so relaxed .
i always look forward to my treatments .
give dr. joy a shot .
you wo n't regret it .
my wife and i went there for a day of relaxation .
after checking yelp reviews we decided to try this place out .
we called the evening before and scheduled the for the next morning .
no issues getting there .
they provided me with lunch as well .
the place is very nice on the inside , very relaxing .
there was absolutely no wait time in between services which i liked .
we spent a total of 4+ hours there and loved every second of it .
all of the technicians were nice , friendly , and professional .
we will definitely come back on our next trip .
i would recommend this place to everyone !
the office is so clean and everyone is so nice .
the insurance is great and would continue to go back !
my father is undergoing chemo ; has mouth sores all over his mouth .
he could n't even eat !
it took 4 days and my dad could eat again and stopped losing weight .
these guys are amazing ...
i 'm currently at solutions .
so for my experience had been mostly positive .
it has its issues like any treatment program that deals with alcoholics and addicts .
i would recommend it to anyone seeking treatment .
my surgery was so easy , fast and painless .
everyone was so helpful .
it really just could n't have been easier .
my vision is clearer now than when i wore contacts or glasses .
but i do n't have them in ! ! ! !
this surgery to me is life changing .
i have worn glasses for 34 years .
thank you to everyone at nevada eye care/nvision .
this is the best decision i 've ever made .
babies do n't just pose for pictures on command .
with yellow rubber duck ! ! !
she took the time and was patient so thank you guys .
keep up the good work and create long lasting memories for us .
what a wonderful experience !
everyone was so nice and customer service centered .
the doctor and the hygienist are just so wonderful and thorough .
i would highly recommend this team to anyone !
from minute one the people here were amazing to me .
i was a mess of emotions and i fell apart a little .
everyone smiles and makes me feel important .
i would go on and on because my team deserves many accolades and compliments .
i was greeted right away by the really nice girls behind the desk .
i only waited for about five minutes before my name was called .
dr. tounian was so nice and made me feel very comfortable .
the office was very clean and very friendly .
excellent care by him and his dental technicians .
very efficient & professional office .
friendly , pleasant people .
keeps a bowl of hershey kisses on the reception counter .
what 's that about ?
: - ) definitely recommended .
this my second visit to this nail salon thanks to groupon .
she 's very meticulous and extremely thorough , no shortcuts with her !
when you make an appointment make sure to ask for her .
honestly the best dentist experience i have ever had .
i think most dentists lack being personable and taking the time explain things .
thanks dr. ngo , you da best !
the receptionist was really nice , and the staff was very attentive .
stacey was my masseuse and she was great !
would definitely come back .
dr. majewski was extremely friendly , kind , accommodating , and knowledgable .
drove out to enjoy vegas and why not a massage .
i found sams spa , what an awesome experience .
my girl , encore was amazing and so professional .
will definitely see them on our next vegas stop .
the front desk guy was so nice and helpful .
thank you all for an amazing appointment .
this is my favorite place to go and look at my baby .
the owners are friendly and knowledgeable .
i highly recommend going here to see your baby .
i just had an amazing hour and a half massage ! !
my therapist aaron was absolutely superb !
through his pressure point technique all of my tense areas are now relaxed .
i feel like a new woman !
their customer service is awesome ! !
i am so blessed to have found dr. catherine chen-tsai !
she is definitely a keeper !
dr. mitch is a very warm , caring and professional chiropractor .
i have had the best care and treatments from dr. mitch and his staff .
going to his clinic is always a very positive experience .
i am always looking forward to my next visit .
dr. mitch is the best ! ! !
14/30 down ! ! !
great workout kat ! !
i still hate squats ! ! !
thanks for pushing me to be the best me !
we asked several friends and this place kept coming up .
we made an appointment and headed in .
we saw dr. mcclend ( i may have spelled that wrong ) .
first the office was incredibly quick to get us in for a well check .
secondly the staff was super friendly .
the nurse who too us back was very thorough , very nice .
when we got to see the dr she was equally as friendly .
she addressed our concerns and spoke about a few she had .
she then have us a formula sample and coupons !
overall we were impressed !
we will be bringing our other children to this office as well .
but it 's not a huge deal .
sam 's spa was amazing .
from the masseuse to the environment , everything was excellent !
by this morning i could barely get out of bed .
he made a few small adjustments and i was 1000 % better instantly .
looking for a great dentist ?
this is the place for you !
very friendly and helpful especially when it comes to payment options .
i had a nasty cold and went to visit ashlee for cupping .
her kindness and dedication is unreal !
i am terrified of needles .
i do n't want to be anywhere around them .
it is time to try something else that might work .
i walked in with sweat over all over me .
when i got home , i was feeling sore and tired .
worried that i put myself thru all that for nothing ... guess what ?
but guys ... .it was worth getting over all my fear of needles .
dr lee is awesome and i 'll definitely come back here again .
he does accept insurance .
trust me it is worth it than taking pain killers
i am always anxious to try something closer to home .
it boasted of being made in house with natural ingredients .
it brings it into the open which is a good thing .
the first part of the store has accessories .
past the glass door is where the medicine is .
got a blueberry oatmeal cookie that was terrific .
the vape is nice , effective medicine and tastea natural too .
a fun find for sure .
absolutely amazing dental practice !
this team cares so much about you and your health !
they take every possible step to ensure a comfortable and pain free visit !
wait times are fantastic and pricing is more than fare !
love this place had a bad back and mr paul fixed it right up .
i would recommend this place to all my friends and family
just left a review on google but thought this might be more helpful .
i can honestly say that i had a good time getting a cavity filled .
it was painless and i can not even tell that it 's there .
amazing service and completely superior communication ! !
also a super value.. love this place
he truly has an eye for detail .
my lips always look great ; full and natural .
never over the top .
charles also does a fantastic job with my botox and xeomin as well .
he takes his time with his clients and is extremely professional and easy going .
nurses and dr kiepert are very nice .
took my daughter and son and had me in and out very fast .
will definitely continue coming here !
see you in 6 months : )
compassion in today 's world of medicine controlled by bureaucrats and compounded with paperwork .
( no , i did n't smoke weed ) it was all natural .
i 'm about to go back next week to try the infrared sauna .
have a stress free day : )
i absolutely adore dr. judy .
she 's thorough , thoughtful , and genuinely cares .
dr. judy fixed everything i was experiencing .
even the things that i did n't think were that big of symptoms .
she saw it all and was super kind !
just make sure you block out a few hours for your appointment .
she wants to know everything and she 'll work to fix it .
so that will take a while !
after each donation power aid will also be provided to rehydrate you .
hands down best facials i have ever had .
great at waxing , everything .
i 'm sad to see less than 5 star reviews for this business .
her business does n't win best of charlotte year after year for nothing !
located on northwest corner of guadalupe and higley in the tia rosa strip mall .
was previously located near baseline .
we were in and out within a little over an hour .
the back office assistant was very friendly , kind , and very geniune .
tina , the store manager , and her team went above and beyond .
i did my microderm with tiffany .
i had a great experience .
i took him to my vet for xrays , blood work .
xrays showed degenerative disc and arthritis along his spine .
prognosis was very poor .
treated with steroids , pain medication and rest .
little to no change in three weeks .
i made an appointment for a consultation .
a thorough exam of my cat was completed , a treatment plan was presented .
weekly adjustments along with other therapy had a noticeable improvement in two weeks .
i am so thankful i found dr. pfafman .
his care and treatment of my cat were spot on .
the waiting area has a separate area for those with cats .
the reception area and rooms are always clean .
my appointments have always started on time .
the techs and other office personnel are welcoming , friendly .
they offer a variety of alternative and holistic therapies .
acupuncture has recently been added to the services offered here .
you wo n't be disappointed with the care your pet receives here !
they get you in and out fast .
and have a good variety in prices and brands for glasses /contacts .
i 'd reccomend going here for sure .
thank you cerna team !
i am the owner and being prejustice here .
if you want a really really awesome theraputic massage give us a call .
located inside the senator 's inn b & b
we walked in concerned that everything would be expensive and pricey .
i was so pleasantly surprised .
good $ 5 wines !
the produce is fresh and your employees are friendly !
i got a free re-usable bag from a super nice lady !
you have met and exceeded my expectations trader joes !
great for budget grocery shopping , especially for items on sale .
hey , it 's a no frills !
this place is a real hidden gem !
they did and the receptionist was super nice and accommodating .
we got there 15 min early and they helped us out right away .
what a great spa .
my friend and i both had 80 minute deep tissue massages with add ons .
i had the aromatherapy with lavender and my friend had the foot exfoliation .
we both had an amazing time and will definitely be back .
i really liked my massage therapist .
she was definitely skilled with deep tissue massage and was professional the entire time .
i will definitely be back the next time i visit .
best in las vegas .
bianca is also hands-down the best massage therapist at massage envy .
i absolutely love this office !
and they did not disappoint me ... not one little bit !
dr. vu is wonderful !
knowledgeable and so helpful .
and got right to the issue at hand .
the front desk gals and supporting staff/assistants are also very personable and welcoming .
thank you all so much ! !
dr. albert is my go-to doctor for health care .
i do n't hesitate to recommend this caring healer and have to many friend..
if i could give this man 10 stars , i would .
we had a diagnosis by 5:30 pm .
he then came to visit us everyday that we were in the hospital .
it is so rare to find a medical provider like dr dewan .
they needed a pre-auth from dr dewan .
my first encounter with maria was a pleasant one .
we were given an app invite so that we can communicate with him 24/7 .
i ca n't wait to get that up and running .
that is a rarity for the middle of the day .
you ca n't go wrong with dr dewan .
great guy and great staff !
the kids had so much fun and even beat me once !
all in all though it was great go back to school excursion !
it was always great stuff .
there is also a huge selection of other items .
i would highly recommend this store to anyone .
best massage for $ 25 .
look past the small exterior and not so perfect location and walk right in .
i have been a patient of dr. yasmin ismail-juma for over 20 years .
she is caring and goes the extra mile for her patients dental health .
she would rather give a patient extra time rather than cut corners .
kudo 's and please keep it up ! ! !
i had a great experience with my eye exam and selecting new frames .
dr. ha was very friendly and knowledgeable .
he explained things very thoroughly , which i appreciated .
jennifer helped me pick out new frames .
she was so friendly and helpful !
let 's ski squaw valley top to bottom couple times !
i may even stand up and wobble in celebration !
oh , and i enjoyed the acupuncture .
the world breaks every one and afterward many are strong at the broken places .
but those that will not break it kills .
it kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially .
ernest hemingway , a farewell to arms
love the staff and doctors ! !
we 've recommended a lot of our friends .
part two - treatment is done .
you want a great smile ?
go to bella smiles .
i 've suffered from tetracycline staining for most my life .
so thankful for dr. wellish !
he sent me home with no charge .
thank god for doctors with integrity !
another visit ( with appt ) .
arrived at 7:30 for a 7:45 appt .
reception was very pleasant .
everyone spoke excellent english and they were all courteous , especially tracy .
better , just a bad finish .
one of the best doctor office experiences i 've ever had .
the office staff , assistants and dr alexander were welcoming and friendly .
michelle the hygienist is fantastic !
she 's fast and does a very thorough job at the same time !
the staff are all great and very friendly !
there all so friendly and truly care !
i 'd recommend dr. roderick to anyone ! !
i love this place , nice and friendly employees .
thank you brookstone for always being there for me , i truly appreciate it .
dr mike has been my boys pediatrician for 14 plus years !
he 's the best !
i love this place .
the food , fruit and veggies are fresh .
also , the employees are pretty cool , never had a bad experience !
the staff is extremely friendly and professional .
you get text reminders on your appointments .
services needed are explained with quoted reasonable prices upfront .
there are no up sells or hard pitches for cosmetic services .
this is just a classic old school family dentist with modern ambiance .
it 's taken me 8 years in las vegas to find this gem .
i found him through one of his wonderful hygienists- katie .
i find leslie to be professional and courteous .
i have been seeing dr.lim for over 15 years .
i have also been seeing monica the hygienist forever.. she is patient and gentle .
parking on dundas and easily accessible by ttc .
i added kierland dental center to yelp because no one has reviewed it yet ?
for the last 30 years of my life .
from the moment i phoned dr. thompson 's office , the staff was amazing .
mine covered nearly all of my visit .
how considerate of them , right ?
i think maybe dr. thompson has a similar germ phobia to me ... ?
they are very professional but also make you feel as though they actually care .
i have never had a doctor do that !
i have found my dentist .
it 's true love .
and i will never go anywhere else .
you will be so happy you did .
and ... to end on a happy note ... no cavities .
today i became a convert .
years and years of tutti fruitti .
and then i check the prices on the things i just bought .
new chapter vitamins were a few bucks less .
eol used to be more expensive than tf .
at $ 12 for 10 minutes , it 's certainly doable .
amazing , fabulous , excellent , superb !
there are not enough words to describe how fabulous dr. becky is .
she is so knowledgeable in children 's health in many many areas .
what a wonderful experience with health insurance az !
extremely knowledgeable and up to date with the current insurance marketplace .
run to him and be saved !
i would highly recommend going to this office and only this office .
what i love most about this sprouts is the fresh squeezed juice !
my husband and i have had one every day of our trip .
brendan cousineau , owner of flex physical therapy , is an excellent physical therapist .
i have been going to see dr mark for around a year now .
i always leave feeling much better
from the moment i laid down , i felt so relaxed .
erika was very friendly and asked me what i wanted her to focus on .
she also asked me what level of pressure i wanted .
i felt at ease and was looking forward to my massage .
as she worked on my whole body .
the pressure was perfect , the lighting was dim , the music was smooth .
the 90 minutes went by so quickly but i enjoyed every moment .
we recommend this place to everyone who needs this kind of doctors .
it the best place in town .
jemery is an inspirational person to me and my husband .
i will never go to another place .
if i can give them a 10 i would .
i would recommend this off to all they are amazing .
i 'm a gluten-free vegan ; can my life get any worse ?
it 's a conscious choice .
you see , i have this terrible thing called `` food allergies . ''
dr. anderson was great following up to make sure all was progressing well .
fantastic staff , they are all professional , courteous and attentive .
they are all well trained and very hospitable .
i had dr. stein perform my surgery .
he is a great surgeon , patient , welcoming and professional .
i would highly recommend bochner for laser eye surgery
it 's good for your health ! )
, check out his sessions .
you will be so glad you did ! !
what i am even more happy about is no medicine was involved !
this will be my dentist office from now on !
ivy was so professional and strong .
defintely coming back very good massage .
ivy was so professional and strong .
defintely coming back very good massage .
ivy was so professional and strong .
not only does he use the latest technology , his staff is very friendly .
this is the 1st day after surgery and i 'm already seeing 20/20 .
if i can give the doctor and his office 7 stars , i would .
dr. ely is my favorite chiropractor of all time .
he is such a great guy and competent professional .
i highly recommend this practice .
cette fois-ci j'ai t comble !
j'aime galement cet endroit pour l'utilisation des produits biologiques et souvent vegan .
shout out to lacy who treats me each month for my elite membership !
i am loving the results .
this 53 year old gets mistaken as early 40 's all the time !
oxygen bar at the venetian is excellent .
makes you feel very calm and refreshed .
it was my first time there , but not in the building itself .
today we went in for well checks and flu shots .
we were seen by dr. mitra .
he talks to the kids and makes sure they are comfortable .
he also spoke with me and allowed me to ask questions .
not once did i feel rushed .
actually was n't until the following week but leia ( ? )
i really appreciated this because when i called to make an appt .
leia also took care of us when we came in .
she was so helpful and kind .
the dr. was great with my son and pleasant to talk to .
the exam was very thorough and he explained what was going on really well .
for the following monday , but have my husband come in instead .
unfortunately , this appt .
did n't go as great and why i took off a star .
my husband and i have very different styles .
he liked one brand 's frames and i liked some other more expensive frames .
this is about the time things got a little ... uncomfortable .
these comments really rubbed us the wrong way .
i seriously loved this place so much !
the office staff was friendly and welcoming as well .
you guys are wonderful , keep up the good work !
i love this place .
i go in every two weeks or so .
i 've never been disappointed .
he does a great job on my neck and shoulders .
she is gentle and kind and always leaves me sparkling clean !
the staff is great !
and the doctor is awesome too !
and she was fantastic !
super friendly an very informative .
i love reading yelp reviews but have yet to write my own .
the 'crunching ' in my knees is actually going away !
i 'm sure you wo n't be disappointed ! !
loving my experience with red mountain .
the atmosphere is peaceful .
the service friendly & prompt if needed .
follow the program with light exercise & it 's easy .
the first 2 weeks were hard after that it 's a breeze .
they will give you the extra push or advantage you need .
i cant wait to do my next weigh in .
the heat here in las vegas is a major contributor .
regardless of what i did , i never felt replenished .
i was still feeling bad when my boyfriend suggested we order an iv .
cheri was imwarm , quick , and personable .
she came in , answered all our questions , and got set right up .
i highly suggest using their services in the upcoming months of record breaking heat !
excellent bedside manner , at the comfort of my bedside .
dr. jim is very nice and friendly !
along with getting worked on my dr. jim , you get a massage .
first off , she was n't friendly at all !
it was very unprofessional !
baby # 3 was born at babymoon last february .
it was a wonderful experience , even better than my first time with them .
babymoon is truly is special place .
i wish every woman could deliver in such a safe , beautiful environment .
see you for baby # 4 , if the time ever comes !
love the ladies and services at laseraway .
she understands and recommends only what one needs .
i have purchased and received everything from botox , juviderm and voluma .
i would recommend these folks to anyone .
place is n't bad at all ! !
48 bucks from head to toe and service is great ! !
they have smaller private rooms and a common area for larger groups .
i was just reading some of the reviews for my doctor .
i feel like she took her time with me and listened to my concerns .
intelligent , compassionate and beautiful to look at .
i wish i had gone to see her sooner .
absolutely recommend vida bella ! ! !
staff is awesome and welcoming .
it 's also very affordable .
i also have gone to becca for my lashes and she never disappoints !
it was so affordable and beautifully done .
very even glowing color !
the dynamic flow fitness class is the best workout i 've ever gotten !
brandon is an amazing trainer who makes sure everyone gets the best workout possible .
he 's always pushing everyone to make it count and get the best results .
the class is a great combination of cardio and strength .
i will definitely continue to attend this class !
freddie 's has the best prices in town !
they are so helpful and will answer any questions and they are so honest !
you can tell she is incredibly driven and passionate about her work .
dr. brown also explain the cost of everything and gave me choices to make .
lots of progress has been made and i feel a lot better .
definitely would recommend him .
i will always recommend glo medspa !
my wife came home one day raving about this office and the staff there .
now it 's my turn to get a few things worked on .
i was disfigured and miserable .
one side was partially paralyzed and the other completely .
we were amazed , but it shows just how effective this therapy is .
this laser helps the healing process exponentially .
his staff are all caring and professional .
none was able to find a reason or long term solution for my pain .
he took the time to explain in detail what was causing my pain .
that was about three years ago .
plus he 's just a real nice guy who genuinely cares about his patients .
he 's not cheap but he 's worth every penny .
his staff is great too .
i have had several treatments from him .
he is well trained with lots of positive energy to share .
he is also very deep and thorough if you can handle it .
he certainly have earned my gold seal of approval .
this practice has been so good to me with my last two pregnancies .
i have been very happy here .
that means a lot .
front end staff is good and they are nice .
i 'm so impressed by doctor david and his thoughtfulness .
really good specialist and nice person .
new to the area .
brought both my daughters for their yearly exam .
the staff and doctor 's are friendly .
thank you dr. josh and dr .
and krista , too !
my coworker mentioned skin laundry and how your first time is free !
usually it 's $ 65 a treatment .
the location is very clean and professional- and they all are very informative !
ask whatever you need to feel comfortable !
the specials they have are worth it !
the process : you check-in .
you wash your face .
they bring you into their room .
cleanse your face again .
start up the treatment and discuss a routine for your skin .
10 minutes later- you 're checking out !
sure , let 's do it !
go treat yourself to a free treatment on your next day off !
it is so worth it .
we started our infertility journey two years ago .
first , the consult was free , which was refreshing .
we appreciated how real he was with us .
we walked out of there happy , relieved and optimistic .
three feelings we had n't felt in a long time .
we were so heartbroken , but were eager to try again .
we tried a few weeks later with a frozen transfer .
we waited ... then went in for our first beta .
he called and said my numbers were low , but in the positive range .
he prepared me that it could be an early miscarriage .
i prayed that our second beta numbers would go up .
not enough for him to be certain tho .
so , i went in for a third round of blood work .
it went up significantly !
we were so relieved and over joyed .
what a beautiful sound !
they are helping us complete our family and making our dreams come true .
it 's definitely worth your time
again , 100 % spot on .
thank you so much for the best 2 hours i 've spent in years .
i feel like a wet noodle .
think it 's time for a nap .
i love the staff .
i love the hospitality .
i love my masseuse .
thank you to all of you .
you are a great team .
they were very professional and gave amazing massages .
this place is great !
they go above and beyond .
i went in for chest pains and they were very thorough on their exam .
we definitely have a new place to take our entire family !
the staff at valley pain & wellness is courteous and professional .
i have suffered with chronic back pain for many years .
the approach the doctor 's use has made a big difference for me .
if you live in south chandler or south gilbert you should check them out .
i 'm really surprised by all the negative reviews .
dr. hawkins and the ladies in the office are amazing .
from the beginning the girls were super sweet .
it has n't even been 30 days and i 'm feeling better .
i 'm so happy with my decision .
had my second laser appointment with christina and loved her !
she did a great job and i hope i get her again !
did a ton of research on best laser hair removal facilities .
i was very impressed with this location 's professionalism , cleanliness , and efficiency .
no waiting , very quick appointments , and excellent results .
best spa experience i 've ever had , without a doubt .
first off - best massage of my life .
the facilities at the montelucia are amazing .
everything is clean and new and it smells delicious .
i see camelback mountain everyday , yet the view from the terrace was breathtaking .
perhaps after i find a second job .
dr matt is the best !
a dentist who really cares and that matters !
give brookstone a try - you 'll be glad you did !
this practice is wonderful !
everyone is so friendly and helpful .
would highly recommend this office .
dr. roles has been life changing !
his perspective on wellness has transformed my life .
what else is there to say ?
if you are looking for complete care , this is the place to come !
dr. loud and her staff are amazing .
my wisdom tooth cracked and she was taking a look to talk extraction .
she called within a few hours and gave me a breakdown for everything .
including options on sedation , her opinion and their prices .
i never once felt pressured or uncomfortable .
these are wonderful people .
they make you feel as if they generally care .
i love my dentist !
and , no , i 'm not nuts !
dr. hogan herself is lovely and so kind and professional .
she does n't exude that preconceived `` scary dentist '' notion at all .
i have nothing but great things to say about dr andrew carter .
we had a hard time conceiving and decided to do ivf .
dr carter has answered all my questions and even my call on a sunday .
quick , efficient cleaning , and very friendly staff .
dr. badalmenti fixed a cavity for me in no time at all .
i am so impressed with the staff at this facility .
i got caught in traffic and was over 45 min .
this was so far and above a courtesy .
the office is spotless and cheery and the staff so sweet and accommodating .
i could not recommend them more .
great tip from a fellow hawaii resident .
just finished a conference and hubby flew in .
very clean establishment and friendly staff .
we had the first appointment at 10am and they were waiting for us .
the foot deluxe deal was awesome and perfect for us .
then they moved to the legs and feet with the addition of hot stones .
then the back was next and perfect ! ! !
i would definitely go back on this trip .
just $ 40/hr and it felt like it it was a couple hours .
highly recommend to do this at least once while you 're in vegas gambling !
they even give you cold bottled water and yummy asian crackers .
we will definitely be back ! !
seriously the best eye care i have ever had .
great selection and knowledgeable staff .
trust your eyes to dr lucas .
dr dixit is very professional.. i was literally unable to function .
i was referred to spa caladae by someone who raved about their services .
i love this place !
they have amazing skills !
i wo n't go anywhere else now .
they have a convenient location right off of steubenville pike also .
do yourself a favor and check them out !
anyways , the store always have things in stock especially the special advertised items .
the employees are for the most part helpful and the store is fairly clean .
glenn has a lot of training and experience .
customer service is great !
very friendly staff and you are in and out .
i 'm happy and sticking to it !
vanessa is a master at acrylic nails .
i 'll definitely be going here for my nails time and time again .
this was my first visit to any plastic surgeon .
i called to get a consultation appointment .
candice was amazing , warm , friendly and knowledgeable .
i am interested in getting a mommy makeover and facial fillers .
candice asked questions and informed me of the cost of different procedures .
she took so much time to answer my questions .
i felt like i was speaking to a good friend .
candice scheduled a convenient appointment for me .
i took the earlier appointment .
the office is beautiful , clean , white and nicely decorated .
candice has a warm welcoming smile and knew me by name already .
she really is amazing !
she asked if i would like water , how nice is that ?
she took me right back to another beautiful room .
she set me up with some videos about the procedures that interested me .
they were very informative .
he asks questions about what i would like to achieve .
i was most excited about botox and fillers when i arrived .
i have these bags under my eyes that drive me crazy .
he explains that it will not completely take them away but it will help .
i am totally on board .
he explains different breast and tummy tuck procedures .
he asks questions about what i would like to achieve .
dr. olson has tons of photos of previous patients before and after photos .
he has done beautiful work .
he also had different implant choices and explained the pros and cons of each .
he is very nice and knowledgeable .
after that he takes me in for an exam .
his assistant was present for the exam .
he was very professional .
he nicely informed me that i have tuberous breasts .
i had no idea , now i have a name for my weird breasts .
this knowledge was really quite a relief .
i have always felt weird about my breasts .
i absolutely do , no more side boob ! ! !
i have more side boob than regular boob .
i think this was my favorite discovery !
she is super nice and helpful .
i see myself for the first time with a shape .
dr. olsen 's assistant asks if i would like to get filler today .
absolutely , i did not expect them to start the same day !
dr. olson was amazing , funny and totally put me at ease .
i got my filler and am so happy with the results .
i end up communicating with a couple of his previous patients via yelp .
it was so nice of them to respond to my questions .
i read all the reviews possible on dr. olsen and they are all amazing .
i can not wait to book my surgery !
i will update once i have undergone my surgery !
i ca n't express in words how wonderful margie is .
her standard of care was great throughout my entire pregnancy and birth .
she did so much more than deliver my baby .
she imparted wisdom that i 'll carry with me till the day i die .
i highly recommend select physical therapy .
i 've also worked with amanda and kevin during becky 's absence .
they are all highly skilled and very professional .
lisa at the front desk is great too .
best chiro around , quick and very efficient .
price is great and chairs in the waiting area are way too comfortable .
great location and amazing customer service .
i highly recommend christina if you 're looking to get laser hair removal done !
enjoyed checking out scrubs and beyond tonight .
the sizes go quick for sure .
customer service was perfect .
dr. chen is my new favorite botox master .
he is so relaxing and peaceful during his appointments .
makes things a lot easier .
looking forward to my next appointment .
dr. ting is extremely friendly !
my 3 year old loved him .
affordable dental for kids has dentists that are extremely patient with kids .
kiera is very friendly as well .
i would definitely recommend them to anyone ! ! !
ahaha i ment irene ! ! !
: ) all the staff is wonderful and very extremely nice ! ! !
walked from the hotel which took about 5 minutes .
i was the only patient there at 7 am on a friday .
the facility was extremely clean and the wait time was minimal .
i had multiple nurses talk to me and one doctor .
so the list they gave me was not accurate .
my `` go to '' for everything healthy !
prices ca n't be beat .
amazing staff , truly knowledgeable .
danny and kelsea make my day
thank you for all your help !
the first yelp review !
just for jenny ! ! !
wonderful~will definitely go back ! thanks again for jenny !
they do very hard job , so please respect their effort !
each challenge is clearly defined with a indidualized action step and clearing result .
the team is very supportive while also challenging me to address any lingering issues .
my relationships with my kids have never been better .
that is truly priceless .
i have never had trouble with scheduling , getting labs , or anything .
dr. deka had the best bedside manner out there and is very knowledgeable !
i 've been going to this office since i was in high school .
i 've even referred my husband the trust built with this office is irreplacable .
everyone does such an awesome job to keep thier patients happy .
well , the research paid off ! ! !
dr. gombert took an old , imperfect smile and added his magic touch .
) , but a boosted jolt of confidence as well .
dr. gombert and his staff are incredible and i ca n't thank them enough .
i am a dr. g patient for life ! !
time for my biannual cleaning .
i was taken back reasonably quickly , and they set to work .
the pospisil brothers run a good office .
there is some variability among the hygienists , but they 're all pretty good .
i see `` dr doug '' , and he 's gentle but thorough .
she also sees my wife and daughter .
so we keep coming back twice a year .
the pearl girls are all so professional and kind ! !
they have tried sssooo hard to make me happy .
there for a while i thought they were going to charge me rent .
what a wonderful organization this is .
love this place , will never go anywhere else .
this review is long over due .
first of all , linda is amazing !
my lashes always look full and beautiful .
i am more than satisfied with his practice .
i will continue to trust my optical needs to dr. z !
stratton dental is the best !
they make you feel like family .
the have the latest technology .
dr. stratton is just a great dentist !
ive only been to one other chiropractor .
but this facility is awesome .
from the treatments to all that your spine and nerve endings control .
if you need some adjusting i recommend active life .
i left feeling so relaxed i went home and took a four hour nap .
the professionalism by everyone from start to finish was great .
the office and ultrasound room are both very nice and clean ! !
awesome place and very affordable ! !
great selection of natural pet food products and knowledgeable staff .
the entire team there was awesome .
the desk personnel made it a thorough and easy check-in .
the dentist assistant put my nerves at ease .
and doctor tom nack really listened to my concerns .
a couple months later i had an issue with the same tooth .
he even called me the next day to make sure i was doing okay .
they are very good and patient with them .
i went back and had them take care of the fillings a week later .
they did an excellent job with numbing me before the fillings .
i did n't feel a thing from start to finish .
very friendly and efficient staff !
got my mani and pedi done love it will be back .
everyone is so friendly and the atmosphere is pretty .
vanessa and erica are great and so is david is so friendly .
dr. cohen is great .
she takes the time to listen and she 's very easy to talk to .
the girls who work here are super helpful and very nice !
they are always willing to help me .
it is a very clean facility too .
my family has been here many times .
we check in online and barely have to wait in the waiting room .
everyone is very nice and the office is always clean .
i 've struggled for a year to find a good massage in las vegas .
i 'm so happy i found massage bliss .
i 'll be using them again for sure .
we see dr. gerlach and she has been amazing every time !
we have also met a few other doctors and they all seem amazing .
we are super happy we chose this office for our son .
great foot massage ! !
ben was professional and helpful without many knots in my neck and shoulder .
he 's foot massage is the best that i appreciate .
master spa delivers that experience and then some !
i will request he service again and i recommend to anyone .
i have been here so many times and love it .
the quinoa onion rings are a great starter .
i really love the squash tacos .
the all star salad is also a great choice .
i always take a cupcake to go !
this medical practice is by far the best .
bottom line , dr danner is a step above most doctors out there today .
would recommend the khavkin clinic to any of my friends and family .
dr. weingarten has been amazing .
i was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and he performed my surgery .
did a great job .
staff has been great as well !
i had a facial as well as a scalp massage from cheri .
i ca n't wait to go back for my next treatment .
portions size is great and there 's usually enough leftover for another meal !
great place , friendly staff .
she was professional and informational !
my personal experience at this office has been nothing but pleasant !
she is such a sweet person .
she also makes me feel comfortable which is a plus !
i 've also had nice interactions with the front office .
sweet group of girls !
i purchased a groupon special looking for a good deal and location .
i was very impressed with jasmine from the get-go .
upon my arrival , she greeted me warmly .
i have always been a huge fan of trader joe 's .
this location lives up to the same hype as all the rest .
i love the selection and the prices .
only problem ... they 're always busy .
no matter what time of day .
i guess that 's what happens when you are that great !
i wish they would bring one closer to rock hill .
a girl can dream ca n't she .
i ca n't imagine going to a different doctor !
the scariest symptom was my loss of brain function .
it was there that i received the diagnosis of chronic lyme disease .
this level of kindness did n't stop after the first meeting .
the clinic is stunning and clean as a whistle .
the staff are so kind and become like family .
as each month passed i saw myself improving .
my symptoms were being eliminated left and right .
the pain that made it impossible to function was gone .
it was the blessing i had been praying for .
and i 'm not the only one who received a miracle after attending sunridge .
i saw cancer patients that reached remission with the help of dr. franco .
sunridge medical brought me the health that i had only dreamed of .
before attending the clinic i had all but given up hope .
great service , great offices , and much appreciated follow through .
their products and protein shakes are really good .
i drink at least 1 protein shake a day , usually chocolate or cinnabun .
i 've told my friends about medshape and now 2 more are joining .
just went here for a birthday massage .
the place was quiet and relaxing .
had my own room .
there was about a 3 minute wait .
she hit so many pressure points with perfect amounts of pressure .
she finished with a shoulder & back massage that was also wonderful .
a little pain , but the good kind .
no chatting , no noise .
just a very calm environment .
i gave a generous tip & i plan to go regularly .
i truly believe i could n't have gotten through my pregnancy without dr. labranche .
my husband and i feel so fortunate having found desert smiles and dr. partovi !
what a warm , friendly , professional staff and office .
scheduling is so easy and you never have to wait .
highly recommend desert smiles for excellent dentistry !
he is by far the best value in this entire state !
i would recommend him to anyone !
he also stands behind all the work he does .
superior treatment in every way ! ! !
the best ! ! !
great massage place very affordable !
i was so nervous to get my lips done .
charles is very personable and listened to my wants and concerns .
i am going to come back to him for future fillers and botox .
i have been seeing uj ramdas at morpheus for a couple of months now .
i was actually surprised that he was able to help me .
so nope , i 'm not going to tell you what i went for .
not only because its personal , but its also unimportant .
before you dismiss it as an option , give these guys a call .
boon was great , explained everything and answered all of my question .
very knowledgeable and a cool guy .
sending all friends and family here .
let me start by saying they were all wonderful .
got x-rays and a cleaning .
brittany cleaned my teeth and she assessed my gums .
she really got in there and my teeth feel so good .
i have n't been to a dentist in years .
so i thought it was gon na my teeth were worse off .
they were informative in what was going on with my teeth .
did n't push anything on me .
i 'm making bella smiles my dentist .
thanks everyone at bella smiles .
my first week was great .
all of the trainers are so nice .
they do n't judge and are really there to help you .
i left there feeling confident .
the staff and the doctors at arizona asthma and allergy are amazing .
i highly recommend this office to anyone needing an allergist .
i feel so lucky to have a whole foods in my neighbourhood .
it 's right there .
but whole foods is so much more than groceries .
i 'm hooked on the lemon bar soap .
they carry so many great products that i just do n't see anywhere else .
they have a great deli section .
i am obsessed with their salad bar .
dozens of fresh healthy salads at your fingertips .
the best thing is knowing the ingredients they use are healthy .
some day i 'll splurge on my friends and cater a meal from here .
martin : recently tried massage bliss and was not disappointed .
my therapist danyelle was very knowledgeable and skilled .
thanks danyelle and hope to see you again soon .
very happy with the change of pediatrician .
i love doctor clark .
i called a few podiatrist offices that day .
she said she could take me .
she did a wonderful job .
she 's really cool , funny and down to earth .
any way she made me really comfortable and was quite accommodating .
thank you dr. clark !
i was unaffiliated and looking for a box to do the wods at .
every class is mixed with beginners to advanced athletes .
each class is an hour long .
at the beginning of the sessions , everybody does a warm-up and stretches together .
wods can range from under 5 minutes to over 45 minutes and in between .
do n't be scared !
you go at your own pace .
you can either go all out or just take it easy .
it 's all up to you .
sure people are watching but we only want the best for you .
we know you are hurting but we all hurt together !
no pain , no gain !
ca n't forget about the infrared sauna in each of the change rooms .
i feel stronger , healthier and happier than ever before .
lifelong friendships and personal fitness goals are bound to happen at rcr .
hope to see you there !
because it was super affordable before in comparison .
i came to dr. olson without knowing anything about chiropractors .
within a few sessions my pain started going away .
i would definitely recommend this place to anyone , no matter the age .
as i 'm a young buck myself .
plus , the front staff are the friendliest ladies you 'll ever meet .
so this is definitely a gem of a place .
this is the only place i or my family will ever go .
i have had experiences with 3 different avella pharmacies .
i called the scottsdale avella and my rinse was ready in 24 hours .
i picked it up and got a chance to meet jennifer and crystal .
dr. garcia sees a ton of patients , and always remembers our girls .
just received excellent service from jacki the pharmacy tech .
amanda does the best pedicure !
feet feel so wonderful !
just had my first hard gel nails set and love them too !
great service and the doctor took really good care of me !
would definitely recommend it to anybody !
great service , great location , great prices !
i highly recommend jake at high park physiotherapy .
he is very knowledgeable and kind .
he has helped my through both a knee and back injury .
i ca n't thank him enough .
cheryl was great , clinic is very clean and organized .
they do a great job keeping you on track with your diet !
if you want an amazing massage , go to keisha !
the front desk staff is friendly and very accommodating .
i only gave four stars only because the facility is extremely tight .
friendly staff and helpful .
dr. wong is always nice and patient when me and my daughter visits .
i enjoyed the hot stones as well as the foot massage .
after the massage he says he feels loose and a lot better !
i 'll be going back again in 8 weeks !
no one ever called me back to set up new appointment .
he said he had no idea that she was so terrible to me .
i now have an appointment set up for this week .
such an awesome crew working here !
the happiest group of people and they are constantly making you laugh .
awesome atmosphere for kids and adults .
what kid would n't want to go back ?
we look forward to going back : )
dr. finebergs office staff is amazing ! !
dr. fineberg saved me from having to have cornia transplants ! !
i got my vision back ! !
i am so grateful for this dr. ! !
he truely changed my life !
veronica came up with a financial plan since i was uninsured at that time .
i could n't be more pleased with the results .
the entire staff is professional , caring , knowledgeable and patient .
i would recommend checking in , when the pain has got you checked out.
the front desk staff is very friendly and that is always appreciated .
i always feel better when i leave alc .
chris is the office manager and she is fantastic .
she always greets me with a friendly smile and a positive attitude .
robin in the massage therapist and she is amazing .
her sessions are very therapeutic and always beneficial .
i highly recommend this office .
soo happy yelp led me to this place !
dr. k is simply amazing .
both of my pups come here .
excellent service and the staff is wonderful ... they really care about your pets !
you can trust this place to take care of your furry family members .
thanks phoenix mountain hospital !
jackson and little leo love to visit !
amazing staff who goes above and beyond .
after difficulty finding an effective provider we were highly referred to redemption .
we have been coming here ever since and wo n't be changing .
everyone in the office is welcoming , professional and prompt .
i would highly recommend heap and bunker to anyone ! !
love this whole foods better than yonge .
theyre very helpful and kind , its not as busy which i like .
i always eat there whenever i buy groceries and it 's always good .
i had breast augmentation done by dr. berardi !
i 'm four months post op .
best decision i made was going with him !
felt safe and love his nurse melody too !
he did a fantastic job and my husband agrees !
charles is the best ! ! ! !
highly recommend for any injections and a natural look .
favourite whole foods in the gta .
i 'm going to make this review short & sweet .
this is the nicest wfs around , service in on point .
friendly helpful staff that will make sure you get your question answered .
the place is neat & tidy , very well organized .
things are well spaced out , easy to find & well stocked .
it 's not the closest wfs to me but it 's worth the drive .
so.. , i had a great experience with pv ob/gyn .
when dr. newman walked in , i breathed a sigh of relief .
throughout my life , i 've seen plenty of dentists .
this staff is my favorite .
i always look forward to seeing everyone there .
staff is always professional and the quality of service is excellent .
cleanings with kim are comfortable and thorough .
reception staff is friendly and accommodating .
exam with dr martin is always a great experience .
dental appointments once freaked me out , but not since coming to this office .
it 's actually always a pleasant experience .
went in for my first microdermabrasion treatment .
treatment lasted for about 20-30 minutes long .
i felt very relaxed and rejuvenated after !
i went to see dr kuranko on the suggestion of a friend .
i have never felt calmer and treated so kindly .
i felt safe and well taken care of .
absolutely love this place !
the only reason it does n't get 5 stars is because of the price .
this store is pricey ! ! !
but i would never be able to shop here on the regular .
i come here for unique health items i ca n't find elsewhere .
i also come here for their amazing vegan desserts and the best .
i first visited babymoon inn a year ago because a friend worked there .
i am so excited to finally be pregnant and a client at babymoon inn !
there are two birthing rooms , each with its own bathtub .
there are two bathrooms available , one with an inviting shower .
the offices are just as inviting as the birth center .
the lobby is cozy and beautifully decorated .
the midwives ' offices are comfortable and non-medical .
( belly checks are done on a massage table ! )
i can not recommend babymoon inn and its amazing staff any more highly .
hands down best staff in the valley ! !
i 've been to fresh a few times and i 've enjoyed every experience .
most of their menu items are carb heavy .
they also always have some delicious sweet treats from sweets from the earth .
make sure you save some room for dessert .
they 're also available on a bunch of delivery apps which is super convenient .
the whole team at floss dental is so caring and professional .
i highly recommend them to anyone !
you will not be disappointed ... .
i am delighted to read that improvements are scheduled .
they are always courteous , professional , respectful , and fun to interact .
otherwise , it feels like i am a passive recipient with no power .
the entire team at this practice indeed visibly care about your healing .
i feel very comfortable going around and asking questions .
thus far , i have completed 8 sessions and i can feel the improvement .
i am really grateful to have found tim soder 's pt !
the professionalism and dedication are constant and consistent ; it is in the air !
the place is always squeaky clean and feels upscale and inviting !
i had an appointment with dr. magdato today .
the office was nice , simple and clean .
it was easy to find and had lots of parking .
the staff was friendly and informative .
dr. magdato was very professional and easy to communicate with .
i could never figure out why my eyes were so dry .
they also had a really good selection of frames to pick from .
ca n't wait til i get my new glasses !
dr alejandro lopez is wonderful .
dr lopez is caring and spends the time it takes to help me .
everyone at the front desk and elsewhere has always been kind and caring .
it is not always possible to have an appointment when you need medical care .
i highly suggest dr evens and his great team !
they have good rates but most important is the 5 star care you receive .
they 're thorough at answering questions and making you feel comfortable .
very skillful and knowledgeable and all around great office .
have been many times and will be back .
thanks spring valley dentist office !
i showed up for my appointment the next day .
the office is extremely professional in appearance .
i met with dr. liu and i think he is very sharp and friendly .
in turn when my grandma had swelling , they sent her to another hospital .
the next day we met shahera who would be my grandmas cna .
her job was to come help bathe , change and monitor my grandmother daily .
more reassurance was given to us .
she also told us what to expect .
we were given a booklet on signs the end was coming for my grandma .
when my grandma passed away , i called the hotline .
he listened to our stories of grandma while we waited .
he also hugged us when he left .
everyone we had contact with at infinity made this process easier .
they sent medications quickly .
supplies came with our cna .
kenta , the oneself therapy guru , actually deserves ten stars .
he would not give up until he identified the issue .
i left oneself today walking without pain and with a normal gait !
this was truly a therapeutic massage .
the setting is classy , comfortable , and well decorated with good music .
kenta is kind and friendly and patient and truly gifted .
our family has been going here since 1982 before dr. innes retired .
he has corrected painful problems and has performed innovative surgery with positive results .
their office is close to home and convenient for parking too !
dr. judy has been so amazing for our family .
she truly is so genuine and caring .
we are so thankful for her .
had a great experience with michelle .
i suffer from muscle pain in my back due to a snowboard accident .
so i go to massage therapists at least once a month .
since i travel i get a lot of different therapist .
michelle ranks on the top .
result : i felt way less stiff .
she really softened my muscles .
went for a heart beat check at 7 weeks , it was great .
had a great expirience .
i just wanted to say how awesome tyler is ! !
i have chronic back pain and tendonitis due to my profession as an esthetician .
tyler is very professional and a great rmt .
when i first arrived i was pretty surprised how big the dispensary actually was .
i recommend the cheesecake or the mango juice both are great choices .
placed an order for catering for a group of 8 for lunch .
i ordered lunch boxes for all .
ordered : fresh deluxe boxed lunch/wraps !
very good and the basil pesto tortellini was the favorite of all .
there are other technicians there so the environment is really nice .
great place for your eyes !
i was interested in breast augmentation .
dr. geoghegan made me feel the most comfortable .
she was very informative , caring , and honest with me .
three years later i have no regrets !
i have had no complications during surgery or after .
i am extremely pleased with the results and would highly recommend her practice .
nancy is the best dentist in the state of arizona !
go to dr. robinson and you will never look for another dentist agian !
the entire staff believes in helping each patient individually .
i was not a number and a chair here .
i was a human that received the specialized care i needed .
jennifer is beyond wonderful !
literally , after just one visit , i became hooked - so obsessed !
in fact , my mother is coming in next week !
she truly cares about her clients .
if i could , i would seriously come back every single week .
she is that amazing .
i can not recommend her enough ! !
: ) : ) : )
absolutely love the girls st skin laundry .
everyone has commented on how amazing my skin looks !
i definitely recommend checking them out and trying it for yourself !
the elite family is friendly and willing to answer any questions .
honestly the most helpful and qualified gym staff i have encountered .
i am in training club which is offered at various times of the day .
stockton dermatology is the best dermatology office in the valley !
the front office staff is extremely polite , friendly , and inviting .
their appointments are flexible and they are prompt and on time .
i would recommend them to anyone !
he made me feel very comfortable and confident i would get great results .
i would definitely recommend him to anyone wanting to look their best .
very personable , knowledgable , and honest .
i never felt like he was trying to sell any unnecessary products or services .
thank you charles for a wonderful experience .
love the people there so i give them 5 stars
dr. beaty was very pleasant to deal with along with her front office staff .
along with the glare reducing coating .
she pushed and she pushed .
she made me uncomfortable and while i 'd visit the office again .
i would not allow her to assist me again .
i got a 1 hour massage from brian and he was very good .
i 'll absolutely come back again .
dr frankie is the best ! ! !
2. you want the best post-natal care in the state .
the office and exam rooms are beautifully maintained and feel warm .
the colors and fabrics are a far cry from the traditional doctor 's office .
the birth center is just absolutely beautiful and cozy .
that 's how you put a diaper on !
i had no idea about the stages of labor !
( yup , all of it was news to me . )
following my birth , babymoon inn continued to be supportive .
the help i received with lactation consultation was invaluable .
what you choose , when you choose babymoon , is community .
dental office as a whole from start to finish was great .
all staff was friendly and knowledgeable !
both my children 7 year old and 3 year old loved it .
dentist was great with both kids !
i 'm always on the hunt for healthy food places !
i ordered a greenhouse bowl ( ? )
she also gave me a free drink card !
tempeh flavour and texture were spot on .
nevertheless i felt very satiated ( not bloated ) .
our food arrived quickly and i was blown away by the cornbread/soup/salad combo .
the portion size was perfect .
my split pea soup was hearty and very umami-filled .
the cornbread ( with flax i believe ? )
was excellent and it tastes 10x better than its classic butter-laden cousin .
it is my new favourite casual restaurant .
i agree with a previous reviewer saying that it 's `` unpretentious '' .
dr. plorde ( spelling may be off ) was fantastic .
i would recommend this place to anybody wanting good quality dental work .
probably the best facial i have ever had .
i first went with my daughter and then went back for myself .
she takes the time to understand your skin and offers healthful suggestions .
the only drawback is that her location is in sort of a weird complex .
i have spent more time and money here than i care to admit .
i 've even come to prefer vegan cupcakes to their more fat saturated counterparts .
i miss this place when i go home to the states .
i wish they delivered .
easiest 5 star review of my life .
megan always does such and amazing job !
i would highly recommend him for crowns .
i 'm so thankful , my smile is priceless !
i 'm highly satisfied and telling everyone to come here ! !
i truly believe there is a place for western medicine .
she spends the time to listen and to properly diagnose your issues .
i highly recommend dr. kwan to anyone seeking a sincere and caring physician .
i usually have little wait once i check in .
what an incredible experience .
her demeanor and professionalism were second to none .
this was by far the best option rather then going to the er .
i could n't recommend this service any higher - well done .
looking forward to utilizing you guys again when needed !
i highly recommend this place .
i am definitely going back .
super friendly staff and affordable : )
the staff is absolutely amazing !
i feel as though she has one on one care .
i regret not coming here sooner !
my son is 2 1/2 and his first ever dental visit went fine .
this will be my son 's dentist .
the place had a clean and nice relaxing atmosphere .
we paid $ 30 for feet and body massage ... ..totally worth it !
will definitely be coming back !
went to this store for the first time today .
it was so nice !
everyone made sure we were finding everything and it was so well put together .
best place to go for a shake after your workout ! !
staff is so nice and remembers what i get !
i was very skeptical , but 1 month later my problem is gone .
i feel grateful to have met dr. miller .
i feel like she was honest and frank with me .
i trust dr. angela miller .
she also treats my husband who is happy with her .
i came here as a kid and now i bring my 2 kids .
so worth it to see dr weiner and dr muyot is good as well .
walking into bella smiles , i came across a dental gem in the desert .
best dental office i 've been too across seven continents .
also , my experience at the reception has been good .
i have had a lot of dentists in my life .
i really like dr todd russell and his staff .
i recommend them to anyone looking for a dentist .
we are from out of state and our families loved the livestream feature online !
we are having a boy !
we will most likely be back for a 4d session in the third trimester .
i felt miserable before the massage session .
she was able to make me feel like a different person after the session .
you are the best !
i love working with dr amena deluca .
she listens carefully and provides skin care for all my family members .
including my young daughter with severe ezcema .
easy to schedule appointments and thorough exams .
i have been a client since 2009 and this place keeps getting better .
they use awesome products and always have a product on sale .
i 've had an appointment canceled last minute bc a student was out sick .
i always treat my out of town visitors with a facial at swina .
excellent clinic very helpful and knowledgable .
even helped me out after hours no charge .
he has helped make this scary journey so much better for me .
he 's my angel !
bless you and thank you dr. hollifield !
had a great experience at rejuvenation spa !
i got a cut and highlights .
i said just a trim and thats just what they did !
the color of my highlights matched perfectly .
now my hair is perfect , will be going back again !
go here ; you wo n't regret it .
( mydrnow- see review via my profile . )
tests : they could do so much on-site .
i needed blood , ultrasound , x-ray , hba1c and some other stuff .
i 'm really impressed .
she was warm , and just really great all around .
ultrasound tech : sandra- once again , lovely- just lovely .
they were just as lovely as everyone else i dealt with today .
dr tripp and the crew at redemption are super easy to work with .
dr. b is the best !
he is pretty much the most brilliant man i 've ever met .
he 's an experienced perfectionist whom provides the utmost care in service .
always accommodating and pleasant to visit .
i always knew that i was in the best hands .
if i ever have another baby i will definitely be delivering at babymoon !
i have had two visits to this clean and friendly officer .
definitely sticking with this office and their reliable staff ; ) thank you !
fast and friendly service .
we went in for a frenectomy consultation .
they have toys , t.v .
's , and an ipad to choose from for the children .
it 's a new facility and very clean .
the atmosphere was very comfortable and my son 's experience was quite pleasant .
what can we say about this little nestled gnc store ?
he suggested these awesome little appetite suppressant/ energy boosters that i love !
i was looking into decompression therapy to help me with my low back issues .
everyone has been so helpful and friendly with me , i consider them family .
even with the pet names , al is a wonderful asset to the team .
you are not treated like a number , but as a valued patient .
quick , friendly and informative .
this clinic is amazing !
they also direct bill my insurance which is a huge bonus .
and , they 're right downtown at yonge and adelaide .
just one more thing to love about this clinic !
ca n't say enough about rebalance .
we finally changed our entire family over to skyline .
the front staff is great and always professional .
dr. kerry green is great , but so are the pa 's .
they listen , which is son nice at a medical office .
i do n't like condescending medical professionals .
we 're excited to have a place for the entire family .
my son needed a simple tooth extraction , we had never been there .
but doctor christensen was able to get him in that morning .
his staff and him included were just wonderful with him .
my friend is a patient there .
the nurses take good care of her and she is always clean .
there are a lot of nurses , aides and respiratory therapists .
the staff are really caring .
i 'm glad to know she is in good hands .
i absolutely love going for my visits with ashlee !
and then the relief i feel after the acupuncture and cupping sessions is amazing !
james has magic hands .
his pressure is perfect !
i wish i could go every week .
my back , shoulders and neck would be the better for it .
i am a meat lover .
a classic hamburger is my all time fav .
so when my friend took me to this vegan restaurant i was skeptical .
i ordered the `` banquet burger '' with bean sprouts and veggie bacon .
and it was so good and super filling .
if you 're like me and love burgers gives this vegan place a try .
tastes amazing , great service and a bonus that it fills you up !
if i am in the area , i will go again !
the staff is amazing !
they are so friendly and make you feel right at home !
i love dr. krugly and dr. bradshaw .
dr. krugly works with me and dr. bradshaw works with my dog .
their entire staff are friendly and obviously love working there .
dr. krugly is excellent at explaining and treating .
i have been to several physical therapists , rolfers , massage therapists , etc .
but dr. krugly surpasses them all .
dr. bradshaw helped my dog when she fell and hurt her back .
i love dr. leverett and his staff !
jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .
i can hardly go a month without a `` fix '' .
and now , she 's got a website where you can schedule your appointments .
i had an excellent dental experience at red mountain family dental .
the front desk staff were friendly and accommodating in scheduling my dental care .
i had the best cleaning and exam .
the hygienist was patient and gentle .
he provided pain free dental work and completed it fast .
everyone thinks i 'm weird because i actually enjoy going to the dentist .
it 's because i 've gone to dr. j. since i was 5 !
( i 'm 25 ! )
he is amazing and his staff is incredible too .
they are always so friendly and welcoming !
they do excellent work and dont do unnecessary things .
i 'm always nervous about x-rays and they also ease my worries .
they also have new hi-tech x-rays that are so quick and painless .
the first person you 'll meet is liz , she runs the front office .
she is such a good example of what 's to come .
very friendly and welcoming and always professional .
if you 're looking for a dentist , this is the one ! !
i was very comfortable with dr. ike .
he emanated a warm , courteous , and professional feel .
the rest of the staff i had contact with were also caring .
i highly recommend him !
i am really happy with family doctors of green valley .
all the staff here are very friendly and compassionate .
i have n't had a long wait at any of my appointments .
i originally had beltone hearing aids and actually stared in a commercial for them .
i lost one pair of hearing aids and they replaced them very quickly .
malisa at miricle ear in henderson nevada is outstanding .
i made my appointment online .
i went in to be seen for a sore throat and possible sinus infection .
he was wonderful and very professional .
once he left the np walked in no less than 2mins later .
overall i was taken care of and had a great experience !
one of the best dentists i have ever had , very thorough and gentle .
the staff including the front desk and dental hygienist are very friendly .
! ..recommend the deluxe with hot rocks !
i had sinus and deviated septum surgery completed by dr. weingarten .
finally i can stop looking for a new dentist !
it was off a regular price that was already $ 550 less ! ! !
it includes retainers and all your visits , no hidden fees .
i can not say enough about how excited i am to have found them !
i will be recommending them to all my family and friends .
you 'll see i 'm right !
today was my very first full treatment appointment with dr. wrye .
without question dr. wrye is tremendously skilled in many treatment methods .
i had a great experience from start to finish with ttw .
when we arrived , we were the only customers .
this store is n't just about retail , it 's an experience .
the hygienist was one of the nicest i 'd ever met .
the new patient exam was thorough and included a short medical history .
he did n't believe that gum recession was caused by aggressive brushing techniques .
if you go to this location , request her you will not regret it .
i left feeling completely pain free .
so ... add $ 27 to your gel manicure or pedicure .
they never answer the phones , which can be frustrating .
however : they are nice .
they know what they are doing .
dr. hofflander was referred by my gp .
he got me in fast for a consult and scheduled surgery conveniently as well .
i was very happy with the surgical center staff and dr. hofflander was great !
great produce , good selection of healthier brands of food and health products .
employees seem happy and willing to help .
got the head and reflexology combo and the ion detox .
i absolutely loved both services .
for two hours , i was pampered beyond belief .
i felt like i was in a state of bliss .
this beats those burke williams any day .
in and out in 20 minutes with no appointment .
friendly team , clean and comfortable waiting area .
we tried a few locations before finding this one .
i 'm sure with an appointment this location would be a breeze .
one issue is no one actually monitors the front desk .
i 've been visiting this dentist for almost 10 years .
i actually go from california to las vegas to get treated every year .
i ca n't trust anyone else with my teeth .
dr. alemi is very kind and i find him to be very trustworthy .
he is always honest and communicates and educates me a lot on my teeth .
his staff is also very present and kind and the clinic is always clean .
i trust him more than i could trust anyone else with my teeth !
he tries to be very flexible and accommodating !
i was skeptical at first , but i was willing to try it out .
i am using the groupon and it 's helped so much !
the staff is so wonderful , friendly and knowledgable !
i recommend med shape to anyone who is considering it because you cant loose .
could n't ask for more ! ! ! !
this place is really great for a smaller shop !
their staff is super friendly and very knowledgeable about their products .
they have the best edibles there and always have a fair price .
i would definitely tell my friends about it !
there is no one better in charlotte than prit !
she has the highest understanding of her clients and unmatched customer service .
he is very kind , caring , and attentive .
i would highly recommend him .
kevin is the best .
he focused on the issues i was having and made it so much better .
in a word - incredible !
ca n't believe all the 1 stars .
anyway , 5 stars go to both dr. andy tran and dr. camille le .
i am soooo happy today ! !
my shoulder has been giving me problems for 2 years .
i 'm open to possibilities .
this is awesome ! !
tonight my shoulder is comfortable for the fist time in years .
dr. shelly is definitely worth seeing .
i feel good right now ! ! !
thank you dr. shelly !
new to cherrington dental .
what an amazing business .
old son had his first dentist appointment and cleaning .
he had a great experience .
the staff is great and dr. cherrington is extremely professional .
you can tell he loves what he does .
i also had an exam and fillings done a week later .
was such a pleasant experience .
i came home and told my neighbor about my visit .
he said he was going to make an appointment asap .
this will be our family dentist for a long time .
i am absolutely 100 % satisfied with every aspect of this office .
the whole registration process was very easy and they have awesome social media discounts .
i will definitely return to have my dental work done here from now on .
i love their pharmacy .
saved me a two hour commute to pick up the medication .
i appreciated the excellent customer service in correcting the doctor 's mistake .
what lebron james is to basketball is what dr. ngo is to dentistry .
if i could give more than 5 stars i definitely would !
this is my guilty pleasure !
my first facial was a gift to $ pa mom .
you wo n't be sorry !
there is handicap parking , an elevator and handicap bathroom , too .
the dentists are so gentle and competent !
they always search for alternatives to making the work you need financially possible .
great personalities and i love the music they play .
very friendly , informative , and supportive- just what i needed at the time .
greatest place to get your eyes checked out for anything .
i then called here and they gave me a fixed price for my service .
i will only go here now .
great place to go i highly recommend .
i 've been a patient of dr. lawyer 's for more than 10 years .
would n't think of changing .
he and his staff are superb .
the owner made booking the appointment super easy .
next she asked us if there was anywhere we wanted them to focus on .
finally we were let into this nice little clean couples room .
the massage was really good and very relaxing .
relaxing music played the entire time which i enjoyed .
first time customers pay $ 27.99 for 1 hour .
they do prefer you tip in cash .
overall everything was amazing and definitely worth the price .
also the bathroom was very clean !
i would recommend to everybody !
great experience here ! !
the staff is great ! !
super friendly , funny and professional ! !
they have help me tremendously !
i 'm neck and back pain has gotten so much better !
i had a massage by jon yesterday .
and last night was the best night sleep i 've had in weeks !
jon gave one of the best massages i 've ever had .
he 's really good at what he does .
i would recommend jon to anyone ! !
if i could give jon 6 stars instead of 5 i would !
he 's that good !
i 've been coming here for specialty prescriptions for the last 2 years .
they are always friendly and provides good customer service .
this is a truly excellent doctor but his office needs major help .
otherwise i would have had to wait months to see the doctor .
what a shame because he is truly an excellent doctor !
just got the prettiest matte black stiletto nails done by mary !
great service , clean salon and a variety of services offered !
i will def be back in the future ! !
thanks pop lash & nails !
not bad , not bad at all .
this is not a fancy spa .
and it 's open late , till 10 pm .
if you 're in the strip mall , definitely worth a visit .
after a gym class , getting a massage treatment by yang feels very refreshing .
if you have coverage , use your health insurance benefits !
physical therapy is so very helpful , the staff is awesome .
the knowledge of the staff is great ...
just got my teeth cleaned and now they feel so much better .
everyone was very nice and personable as well .
we love my left foot childrens therapy .
our family is from honolulu , hawaii .
we come here for speech therapy .
they are able to calm my son so quickly and help him learn .
his tantrums are calmed in seconds .
we miss you all and hope to see you soon !
before seeing dr. leo , i was limited in lower back mobility .
now , i wiggle when i walk - i got my wiggle back !
my hips are moving !
i just experienced one of the best therapeutic massages ever .
i left feeling renewed and ready to take on the world .
i also was welcomed by a friendly staff .
definitely a great experience here ! !
i had rosie ! !
she did a fantastic job .
everyone was very friendly and professional !
i 'm in vegas baby !
make a visit if you need any services .
my toes look great !
ask for danny he made me feel # 1 !
was it busy ~~ yes !
thank you for great sight , great glass frames and awesome fit .
ca n't say enough about jazz and her facials .
she is the best !
very fair pricing , an overall great experience .
my skin has never looked better and i appreciate her approach and technique .
jazz also does n't try to push products or other procedures not needed .
i would recommend her to everyone without hesitation .
dr. roskos has now been my dentist since the late-1990 's .
i would never consider going anywhere else .
the entire staff treats you like you 're the only patient they have .
friendly , gentle , talented people that genuinely care .
wow ! ! ! !
that 's all i can say .
after 40 min in the sauna i felt incredible .
nice and relaxed and already booked another appointment for the weekend with my husband .
very professional , friendly and efficient .
i was in and out in a timely manner .
my grandkids really liked it .
i really appreciate their demeanor .
best dental facility in the valley , bar none .
quick , clean , well priced , and professional .
i took my husband to the nestcare urgent care .
they even have online shopping so you can just pick it up .
grocery shopping is never really my favorite activity , but rbn makes it better .
i decided to reward myself with a massage yesterday .
it was the first massage that i have had in about 20 years !
tricia did an amazing job and i left feeling very relaxed .
you wo n't be disappointed !
i know my go to spot every time we go to vegas , aloha
i had a great outcome after my total knee replacements .
i chose an excellent orthopedic surgeon - dr. sherwood duhon .
his team of anesthesiologists , pa , pt , nurses , office staff etc .
he also has a research team that gathers data from the patients ' feedback .
those information help future patients to make their recovery faster and easier .
it is less stressful when you have the knowledge of what will transpire .
5 stars is not enough for michelle at new image ! !
hair removal and lasers for my aging skin on my face .
she 's very knowledgeable and professional .
love her to death !
10 stars for michelle she knows her shiz !
great , kid friendly office .
amazing and sweet staff .
dr. brown is great with making sure your kiddo is comfortable .
his staff is professional , courteous , and extremely prompt .
dr. ngo is an excellent dentist .
he took time to explain every procedure he was doing .
he is a true professional and has an engaging personality .
we highly recommend dr. ngo !
this has the be the best dentist office i have been to .
they treat you with the utmost respect and are patient .
thank you dental depot for all you do !
what a wonderful morning .
this not your average massage .
considerably different than a western massage .
if you need a strong massage this is it .
i got a foot detox and a massage .
hannah was wonderfully pleasant and nice .
peter gave me my massage and i was happy to feel it .
some hands are just too soft or me , not his .
and sam was extremely polite and welcoming .
i 'll be back !
besides the madhouse that is the parking lot , this is a great store .
all tj devotees are already familiar with the great service and delicious food selections .
i only went early in the morning to avoid the crowds and the lines .
after circling the parking lot a few times , i almost gave up .
inside , the place was slammed .
i cursed myself for procrastinating on getting groceries earlier in the week .
i asked the cashier if this is a typical friday .
he told me it 's a typical everyday !
who knows what goodies i missed out on !
i would recommend him to anyone .
lindsay ( sp ? )
my daughter and i both trust her completely .
they have a hydroworx pool that is the only one in town .
we are excited to see how much further she can go .
dr. becky is an earth angel !
she has been a valuable asset to my daughter 's healing !
dr. becky is so patient , nurturing , and understanding .
she is extremely intuitive & just knows exactly what my daughter needs .
my daughter loves dr. becky !
since being under dr. becky 's care my child is a different person .
it 's night & day .
i did n't know if anything would change .
i cried at our house 1st appointment because parenting had become so unbearable .
i have my child back .
i go to parisa to get my hair done .
she is simply amazing !
the staff was extremely helpful and positive upon my arrival as a new patient !
again , highly recommended to anyone !
best dental experience ever !
the office is brand new and squeaky clean .
when i arrived , the staff greeted me warmly .
cleaning process went smooth .
and guess what ? !
your girl had no cavities .
highly recommend desert inn smiles !
vibe as with all 3 fresh locations : it 's busy .
but service is on the ball .
i ate anything on the menu is good .
i 'm not a vegetarian , but i love how everything has tasted .
the cookies are a nice treat at the end too .
obligatory catchy remark fresh lives up to its name .
i actually now crave vegetables !
( what is wrong with me is another conversation . )
my wife and i love this place and have never received a bad experience .
i am so happy i went to check out swina finally !
i had such a good experience with corina , my esthetician .
what a sweetheart ! .
she was knowledgeable and personable with a gentle touch .
i loved that i was offered a hand and foot massage during my facial .
the product recommendations were on point and there were no pushy sales tactics .
my skin felt hydrated , moisturized and clean when i left .
looking forward to my next facial : )
i enjoyed my donation , frankly .
every staff member i encountered had a great attitude and was friendly and polite .
the actual donating was conducted in a professional matter by friendly staff .
they all acted like they were fast food workers .
she still give us some suggestions , very helpful !
the people are very friendly .
we are traveling from nj .
i came here around lunch on a thursday and the place is busy .
it 's conveniently located right beside broadview subway station .
i think her name is rene .
she was really courteous and wanted to make sure i was comfortable .
i ca n't wait for my next massage ! !
i 'm giddy when they have a huge selection from sunizona farms .
keep it real , guys : )
target by far has exceeded my expectations .
the doctor on site is the best i 've experienced !
he explains things clearly is the most knowledgable optometrists i 've met .
my glasses came in 3 days ! ! !
i was so excited since i 've waited up to a month .
with no phone call .
i highly recommend target optical !
kinda rude new yorker ... but his work amazing !
from the moment you enter the office you know you are in good hands .
the entire staff is extremely professional and knowledgeable .
dr. daccache immediately calmed my nerves by thoroughly explaining my procedure beforehand .
the entire experience was pain and problem free .
i highly recommend this office !
one of my pets is a cat who we will call .
`` complicated , '' or `` high maintenance . ''
and yes , the rates are very reasonable .
she was much comfier .
there actually is a reason that all of these different things have been happening .
and knowledge is half the battle .
i '' m so glad i found them !
it was a comfortable relaxing environment .
fast , easy and awesome service .
go here if you want an excellent therapy massage ! ! !
the price is reasonable ! ! !
the acupuncturist , sophie is amazing ! !
i 've had acupuncture over the years , but sophie is the best ! !
she is well educated in the art .
and she does n't hurt-one reason why i have been reluctant to go .
go here ! ! !
there is no other place like it-a true paradise !
sara is amazing ! ! !
she literally shares me all the infos how to take care of the eyelashes .
i bought the refill deals before i left the place .
very highly recommend ! !
i just `` graduated '' today .
there was always someone around to make sure that i was doing things right .
dr. hussing has been my doc for years .
i 'm always satisfied with the service .
even if they get something wrong , they correct it immediately .
he actually fits the glasses to your face .
he does n't take them back to a room and adjust them without you .
when he retires , i 'll be the saddest customer ever .
my only issue is with parking .
the atmosphere is so calming .
i have been treated here with bhrt and it is amazing !
i am beyond happy and pleased with the results .
the staff is always happy to assist you with your needs .
taylor is a great chiropractor .
love scottsdale skin laundry !
super quick , convenient and effective .
immediate results and no downtime !
awesome process and facility .
i highly recommend this process for a one-stop-shop adult physical .
great value and process ! ! ! !
dr. dewan is one of the best doctors i have had .
he gets to know his patients , takes time , listens , and explains .
my mom ( 89 ) has been with solari for almost two years .
she is in the hospice at home program .
her treatment by the visiting nurse and other staff has been wonderful .
she has on occasion needed to spend some in-patient time .
the facility is clean , the rooms are beautiful and well equipped .
the staff is friendly , attentive , and caring .
mom is eager to see the visiting staff each day .
i am happy by what i see of her care at home and in-patient .
this is a fine place for my mom .
i had a tummy tuck yesterday , 4/25/18 and dr turkeltaun has been amazing !
he has been so attentive and personable !
t ! ! ! ! !
so satisfied with my massage !
we got the full body and foot massage .
the atmosphere was so peaceful , very zen .
they dimmed the lights for us and had very peaceful music .
my masseuse jenny was great !
i literally do not have one complaint .
will not go anywhere else as long as i can go here .
i am not a yelp newbie .
been to hundreds of places but too lazy to write anything normally .
millie seems to change my mind about this .
neck pain is gone calves are loose shoulders no longer tight .
will definite see her again when i come back to vegas
dr. diana is awesome .
she spent lots of time on me and made me feel really special .
i have been to many chiropractors and this office is the most service-oriented !
i recommend this place to everyone .
thanks for my first hydrafacial !
i would definitely come back again for another !
thank you so much , owl .
you have totally committed customers in us !
dr. herrera-tan is such a personable , knowledgeable and heart warming physician .
this is what brought me back to her office .
ivy , gave me a mani that i ca n't stop looking at !
then there was kevin ... my boyfriend said it was his best pedi ever .
i am thrilled with the results of my treatment by dr. faisal a. suba .
dr. suba and the staff were very caring and professional .
i highly recommend dr. suba of alliance mental health specialists .
the spa is clean , smells great , and is relaxing .
the staff is great .
she has a great understanding of the services that she offers .
pvsec is a truly exceptional place .
all the doctors are amazing and obviously very good at what they do .
aside from the docs , the staff is also incredible .
the receptionists are quick and friendly , and the technicians are wonderful .
we can not thank pvsec enough !
thank you sheri for being so sweet and so professional .
i felt like crap and you made it all better .
you work for a great company .
i bought the groupon for a mother /daughter facial .
it was fun and my daughter loved it .
i am really glad that i went .
she waxed my brows .
the atmosphere was really relaxing .
this mail order pet pharmacy is easy to work with and efficient .
ok , so some things are n't healthy even though they 're vegetarian .
highly recommend the bbq veggie burger .
i just started coming here after moving to the area recently .
first impression is definitely great .
dr. goldring provided an in depth analysis .
overall seems like a top class place with great service all across the board .
working with josefa was wonderful .
i still now realizing how much it has benefited me !
almost fell asleep while getting work done , very good and comfortable experience .
will be returning in 2 weeks for more work
i went to see megan on wednesday for a micro-needling treatment .
megan was gentle and thorough .
i 'm loving the results and will definitely be going back .
ca n't recommend dr.hackneyos enough , my go to guy for flight physicals .
$ 85 for a second class medical .
see you in two years !
i just had the best facial i 've ever experienced , by far .
shadif is super informative , thorough and sweet .
big points for being a holistic esthetician too !
keeps the body happy .
no signs for this location anywhere .
it 's hidden in the back of the safeway .
not pleasant to rip off .
i 'll be asking for stretchy wrap or bringing my own bandaid next time .
this eye care office was great !
everyone was on staff was very friendly .
louiza 's level of customer service was dynamite !
gina and bob were helpful when i was checking out frames .
dr.alavian , hannah , and jessica have been amazing .
i 110 % recommend coming to see them !
i would recommend my friends and family to him without a doubt !
i have gone to andrew twice for different issues .
i totally agree with other people about his soothing voice and presence .
if you go to this with an open mind you wo n't be disappointed .
there is never a hurry to get you in and then get you out .
my niece and i had a great experience at this lovely salon !
amazing doctors and staff !
greeted as soon as you walk in and helped if needed .
will always recommend this location to family and friends !
this gym is flat out awesome .
overall , i love it here and could n't recommend it enough !
the staff is very friendly .
they got me in lickety split.. needed a root canal .
i did n't feel a thing which is a plus in my book !
gisselle the assistant was super nice very helpful she made me feel comfortable .
cuz i was super nervous .
dr. truong was amazing !
which tells me he 's serious about doing his work .
gabby very helpful she got the best out of insurance .
i will be back becuz this queen needs her crown ! !
i hope this review was helpful .
have a great day !
dr. singh is a wonderful top notch doctor who takes the time to listen .
his staff are attentive and professional .
in low light i use reading glasses for seeing up close .
i love her compassion and professionalism !
i would n't go anywhere else for my female medical needs !
dr. p is the one !
the rest of the staff is so friendly !
we could not be more satisfied to be spending our time here !
a good friend of mine recommended laseraway .
it 's a very clean place with professional staff .
you can save time by finding the documents online and completing before the appointment .
they cover a variety of areas not just hair removal .
the medical staff were nice and professional .
i would definitely return and i would highly recommend them .
we had a massage and sea salt body scrub which was great today .
devon is an excellent therapist .
yes , you read that correctly .
actually , i love going to the dentist .
and i still like going .
my favorite thing is getting my teeth cleaned .
i was really impressed with this office .
very clean and modern and the back office is really high tech .
flat screen tv playing netflix while you wait .
adrienne , my hygienist was very gentle and thorough .
dr. tounian was friendly and not to mention , he 's hot .
i liked his cliff huxtable sweater .
i 'll be changing my teeth cleanings to three a year .
-sylvia the front desk girl rocks also .
clean nice very professional atmosphere !
i 've never had a thai style massage .
it 's definitely not what i expected , but a great experience nonetheless .
this massage focuses on stretching as much as massaging .
the pricing is very reasonable .
the only thing i found odd was the room layout .
the staff was very friendly .
i will be back .
excellent customer service and they stand behind their work 100 % !
you will never be disappointed here start to finish .
i had a tattoo removal treatment at reset tattoo and was extremely impressed .
i would highly recommend reset tattoo .
thank you so much to him and the whole staff .
we are so grateful to have found you !
my experience with dr. angelchik and his staff was nothing short of amazing !
kristen was so friendly and helpful since the day of my consultation !
i felt very comfortable and welcomed since day one !
i highly recommend dr. angelchik and his office gals to anyone !
the salon was larger than i anticipated , and very clean throughout .
kur health spa is charlotte 's newest secret .
renate gave me such a relaxing foot soak before the infrared sauna .
i jumped into the infrared sauna and it was awesome !
once i was done in the infrared sauna i went to the salt room .
i relaxed in a wonderful chair and breathed in the salt and just relaxed .
it was the perfect way to cool down from the sauna .
i can not recommend kur enough !
* convenient location with lots of parking !
* there 's a little bit of everything .
one of the best dentists in this town !
he has a great staff that are very professional and friendly .
i would definitely recommend smile concepts !
it was a dream come true when this place opened right near me !
tons of spices and fantastic quality/range of vitamins and supplements .
the staff here know me because this is my go-to place .
they 're pretty good at both locations , though .
my most recent trip there i tried the beach bowl .
it was abso-fricking-lootely amaaaaahhhhzing .
they really took home all the points on flavour with this bowl .
the beach bowl is definitely a keeper .
it is a must-try bowl ! ! !
also , the black bean burrito - one of my all time favourites .
i will be having dr. athari do my 7th dental implant .
dr. athari and his assistant made me feel relaxed and comfortable .
i just started coming here around a year ago .
found them through mail advertisement and decided to check them out .
so glad i did !
this is a modern office with clean rooms and beautiful decor .
dr. davis is great at what she does !
this means visits are higher than `` in network '' dentist .
even with that being said ... i keep going back .
a good dentist is hard to find ! !
trust me when i tell you that dr. davis is a good one !
i was very pleased with my two visits .
all the staff members are extremely nice and make you feel comfortable .
consistent amazing customer service .
a great experience every single time i walk into this office .
every single team member is extremely kind , helpful and professional .
i went with invisaline for my crowded teeth .
i ca n't help but smile .
today , i get compliments daily on my smile and teeth .
it 's the best investment i 've ever made .
i was recommended by a friend and i see why .
i 've recommended them to anyone who will listen .
go experience it yourself .
i started out with issues between anthem insurance and apria communicating with each other .
i 've been going there for years .
they 're always friendly and i always have a great massage .
my experience with willow medispa is always exceptional .
dr. rossi is extremely knowledgeable and always explains everything he does .
i feel so high maintenance , but they were so kind .
also , thrilled i got to meet izzy - what a sweetie !
i striny recommend willow medispa they are amazing !
tell them celina referred you !
i 'm quite shocked to see such negative reviews on yelp .
i 'm in and out and with great service .
my daughter has been going here since she was 2 and loves going .
they are very professional and kid friendly .
everyone at this office is very caring , from the dr to the staff .
i feel very confident that i 'll get my issues controlled .
brightstar was our first experience with a home health care agency .
it was overwhelming positive !
met lots of nice caregivers .
they all treated my father very well and we established personal relationships with them .
their care was vital for dad 's physical , emotional and mental health .
their meal preps and shopping made our home life much more manageable .
i would absolutely recommend brightstar for home health care services !
those wishes are the guiding principles followed by the care givers at sage hospice .
god bless the amazing work of these talented and selfless caregivers .
the massage itself was amazing .
it was honestly such a relaxing hour .
to the management : bravo !
thank you massage envy !
newer facility next to tempe st. luke 's hospital .
with my knee still iffy , i chose to reschedule to the next week .
we are now 3 weeks out from the injury .
there were about 12 people in the waiting room .
the receptionist was friendly and bilingual .
there were 2 doctors working out of this office on this day .
then a physician 's assistant ( pa ) comes in and asks what happened .
finally , the doctor comes in and asks what happened .
i will review the doctor separately after my care is complete .
dr. cabi is the best dentist i have ever had .
i 'm always amazed at how efficient and caring his is during each appointment .
his staff is always friendly and professional .
i have been very impressed with dr. cabi and highly recommend his dental practice .
the staff at chenin orthodontics is absolutely amazing !
they are all so helpful , kind , fun and knowledgeable !
my whole family has now gone through and finished treatment .
thank you ... .. for our beautiful smiles .
dr. dewan has been the best so far .
he is seen my sister for diabetes and thyroid problems .
if i have a question , he always have an answer for me .
all the staff is great .
we do n't wait long to see the doctor .
dr lisa is awesome .
tell her diana sent you .
you wo n't regret it .
i 'll be back !
contacted the spa thursday night , through their website .
replied to within an hour to confirm two appointments for the following day .
nothing else was mentioned about it , which i truly appreciate .
simone was my masseuse and she was amazing .
i look forward to seeing simone again in the future and returning to elements .
dr. prabhu is truly a doctor among the best .
he is not only knowledgeable but his kindness and compassion is unfounded .
he demands his staff follows his professional standards .
every member of his team are great at whatever task they are giving .
every specialist he has referred me to are great doctor 's .
insuring continuous good treatment .
he is the whole package .
thank you dr. prabhu .
my 1st time there .
the aesthetician was so sweet n knowledgeable that she put me at ease .
i 'd recommend it n would definitely go back .
the best massage i have ever had in my life .
my massage therapist , stephanie , did a really fantastic job .
the customer service is impeccable .
the spa is very cute , lovely ambiance .
i love they way mary explains and how knowledgeable she is .
consider microdermabrasion and peeling .
quite some time with you and do n't think going elsewhere .
every treatment takes time , the secret is mary and patience .
i ca n't wait for my next appointment , i highly recommend her .
dr. guy torres is my o.b.g.y.n and i absolutely love him .
he 's old school and takes his time .
i never feel rushed and he genuinely cares .
the office staff are all friendly and pleasant .
the wait times are not that bad .
i would n't want to go anywhere else .
i can not recommend dlk dental and dr kowsari enough .
happy with my visits at bella smiles !
so glad a friend recommended this place !
tell me where else you can get that screaming deal .
and that 's just for one .
i am so pleased with america 's best .
i would recommend this place to everyone !
these folks are the best and really care about their clientele .
in fact we would never go anywhere else .
an example on care , my wife had an infected tooth and gums .
this is care beyond any of my previous experiences with any business .
we will never change dental service .
these folks are the best .
after two visits i can feel improvements .
give them a try !
you will be very happy !
it was a tombstone pizza vending machine .
i feel like this should have been the first place we visited .
it is now 6am - just getting out of the hospital .
was looking for reasonably priced couples message and was not disappointed .
relatively close the strip and extremely friendly service .
we did the 70-minute full body message .
great experience and would definitely come back next time we 're in vegas !
dr. roach keeps me healthy and happy and always gives personalized adjustments .
we arrived early , and they were able to get us in right away .
when i went back for my labs , the nurses were incredible .
now , onto the surgery , and the overnight stay after .
my nursing staff was absolutely incredible .
she was prompt with my meds , and very caring .
my favorite nurse , however , was joseph .
) ... but the broth was good !
i do not agree with the negative comments .
the costs are fair and the staff is friendly , including the dentists .
i had my first root canal with this office and it went great !
i was very nervous , but they made me feel safe and comfortable .
i will recommend my friends and family here !
honestly the best dental appointment i 've ever had .
the office is clean with a nice atmosphere .
the office staff is awesome .
the banchik 's are very nice people .
dr. leon did a great job on my general dentistry and cosmetic .
thank you so much !
... well vision source was the perfect place to go !
but seriously , i love this place !
they are able to turn a typical dentist visit into something pleasant .
absolutely reccomend it , even if its not your area
i could not be happier with the decision to swith to dr. noorda !
he told us information no other doctor took the time to tell us before .
kristen catered a dinner party for me with 17 guests .
the dinner was amazing ! !
everything was cooked to perfection .
kristen makes a point to make sure every detail is taken care of .
she really goes above and beyond to make sure everything is perfect .
we had a filet with prawns .
the filet and prawns were cooked to perfection .
you must try the crab cakes .
guests said they were the best crab cakes they ever had .
many guests asked how i found kristen because they were so impressed with her .
i would highly recommend her .
deb was all encompassing of these attributes and more .
i know i will be returning !
my pain doctor of three years left the practice i was a patient of .
i was totally happy with him .
the first thing he did was cut my pain meds in half .
no titrating my medication down gradually .
he had me to start a regiment of epidurals and facet injections .
i had never heard of a physiatrist so googled it to find out .
physiatrists are rehabilitation physicians .
we do n't do that .
we follow the standard of care written by the ama .
come see us for an honest second opinion .
it 's that simple . ''
i could n't believe it ! ! ! !
i made my appointment with dr. fedoriw right away .
they were able to see me the following week .
i found my life again !
thank you dr. wladislaw fedoriw for giving me my life back .
fruit and lounging in the spa room first and then wonderful relaxation .
would recommend to anyone looking for an awesome massage at an awesome price .
great quality at a great affordable price !
i have been to red mountain twice for cool sculpting .
i felt very comfortable there .
i would definitely go back for other services .
they also have new specials every few months which can make it more affordable
pain free dental care !
they even offer free hotstone if you check in on yelp .
the lady was very good .
it was all good , medium to firm pressure and relieved the tension .
she also did a lot of work on my legs and back .
i was really impressed with how much she did for the price .
ok it got wayyy better .
and for goal i wrote all my knots in neck and back-get out .
i went to carmen today for ipl treatment and she did a wonderful job !
i will definitely be back !
not the best massages we had but we both enjoyed it .
i would go back for another try .
420 : dank as heck .
professionalism of operation in general was outstanding .
people were courteous , well trained , and the vibes were irie .
bonus : they have a drive thru and you can order online and p/u .
also they have willie nelson joints .
god bless america man .
dr. hanna and his staff are amazing !
he 's down to earth , patient , kind and an outstanding gifted physician .
i 've struggled with weight issues my entire life and needed an aggressive approach .
not once were they rude or short .
they always helped me .
i highly recommend dr. hanna !
you will not regret it .
he 's everything i looked for in a physician .
thank you so much !
this is an amazing community .
very thankful that i was introduced to this place .
one of the better safeway around .
they have an extensive gf section in comparison to most safeways .
the store is big , and well stocked .
the bathrooms are what you expect but always welcome to use .
my veggies do n't wilt within days .
good on you safeway .
i 've seen many , many chiropractors over a 30 year period .
my back is now feeling so much better and getting stronger every week !
he 's the best dentist i 've been to .
my dentist referred me to him for wisdom tooth removal .
he did a really good job .
my gum healed soooo fast and i barely used pain killers .
of course , it still felt weird but no pain at all .
he accepted a lot of insurance plans .
i purchased a groupon a while back and finally used it .
dr. poremba and his staff are amazing .
i 've been going to them for 3 years .
karolyn the dental hygienist is my absolute favorite .
service has always been excellent and prompt .
i recommend this place to anyone seeking a new dentist in the valley .
dr. whalen is the best : ) office staff is very nice .
always takes his time making sure my handful special need child was comforable .
well educated for all all my questions .
always have great service .
feel like my eyes are checked very thoroughly .
one great thing is i 've never had a billing issue .
starting with the front desk , connie is incredible .
she always greets you with a smile and is always willing to help .
her patients seem to thrive .
then there is kari .
well she is in a league of her own .
i would n't go any where else .
great staff ... efficient and knowledgeable .
did not try to sell me during my consult .
absolute rave reviews for dr. singh and his team at westfield eye !
best teeth cleaning in town .
joanna best dental hygienist .
staff friendly and courteous .
fastest crowns in town .
i had porcelain fused with metal crowns on my two front teeth .
dr willardsen did a fantastic job , his staff was kind and amazing .
fantastic massage , perfect pressure .
this is not one of those seedy places with flashing neon lights open 24/7 .
normal biz hours 930-6. i highly recommend rosie .
$ 105+ tip for 80min .
if you live here like me indulge all you want !
cons : rosie only works fri-sun
dr. van oosten is great !
i seriously can not recommend him enough !
his staff sue and deb are so nice .
they make getting you in for an appointment so easy and stress free .
dr. van oosten is a wonderful chiropractor .
i highly recommend lakewood chiropractic !
i was shocked what my dentist wanted for same results of over $ 500 .
my sensitivity was mild and goes away by the next day .
i used stripes before and never got this great of a result .
i feel the stripes are just as expensive over time and not as effective .
they called the day before and wanted to reschedule it an hour later .
i was a little grumpy about it but i agreed .
you could pay double at your hotel , but why ?
you guys have seriously won my loyalty to the end of time .
this is a great dental office .
i would recommend dr gombert to any of my friends or family .
excellent dentist and practice .
very glad i found him .
i came in for an eye exam on a very busy day .
however , despite the crowd , i felt welcomed by the great employees .
the technicians seemed comprtent and nice , although a little bit tired .
i had my second session yesterday with rotem in his wonderful pool .
omg ! ! ! !
it was so incredible .
he combined many different aquatic therapy techniques with me .
each was so skillful , done with such attention and care .
and every single issue was made to feel 1000 times better .
i feel like a new woman .
you must try a session with him !
more than 2 years later , i now see rotem every week .
he keeps getting better and better !
without his treatments i would 've needed a hip replacement by now .
answered all my questions and then some .
thank you so much !
great selection of frames too at reasonable prices .
thanks again guys appreciate you !
i highly recommend this office .
the new front office staff is wonderful .
this place is fantastic !
they helped my main problem with 2 visits .
oh , they accept some insurances too !
i fell in love with dr. damore from the very first visit .
she was so kind and sweet .
i could tell she loved doing what she does .
she would be the one i would return too if i had my second .
she is a amazing outstanding doctor .
she just delivered my baby girl .
our dog has valley fever and has been on meds for a few months .
i highly recommend roadrunner .
zelly is the best at alliance .
she is so caring , compassionate , and such a great listener .
much needed and appreciated .
thank you , zelly .
this establishment is clean , calm , and comforting .
carol , who was assigned to me was outstanding .
marta thank you and carol thank you !
very helpful and informative !
would definitely recommend to anyone that is looking for a professional and helpful spa !
honest , helpful , caring , and very thorough .
here is no high pressure sales of prescription dog foods or unnecessary procedures .
dr. casey is truly a dedicated veterinarian who cares deeply for her patients .
best dental office i 've ever been to .
purchased their groupon and they did a great job .
complete x-rays and exam .
all staff was great especially the hygienist .
i will be back and bringing all my family .
the staff is really nice and helpful .
they tell you exactly what you need and how often to get it .
i will for sure be going back .
these people are amazing .
the optometrist is so patient and kind .
his office staff are just so helpful .
when my progressives came in , they were incorrect .
but , here 's the kicker .
i have had these glasses for a month .
somehow , i got a scratch on the inside of the lens .
the office has a one-time replacement lens policy if you scratch your glasses .
all it took was a phone call and they are having new lenses made .
i ca n't speak highly enough about eyes on las vegas .
i highly recommend them .
overall , i got what i paid for = happy customer & pleasant review !
i found them on yelp & was impressed by the good reviews .
i made my appointment & the receptionist was so very kind & helpful .
the interior was clean & had lots of personality !
the waiting room was especially relaxing .
the message was a solid 9/10 !
i got a swedish massage with aroma therapy & was very relaxed afterwards .
thank you for a touch of vegas day spa !
i came in the evening of 7/26 and allison helped me .
she was beyond great and so helpful and knowledgeable .
allison was so helpful and patient .
answering all of my questions- and i had alot !
everything was so clean , staff was very friendly and willing to help .
i highly highly recommend shopping here for all of your pet needs !
great customer service and fanominal providers !
i discovered this place by accident and what a blessing it has been .
they are the nicest providers i have found since moving here 2 years ago .
best selection of fish and meats .
really affordable high quality fish , swordfish etc .
prompt checkouts and nice selection of veggies and fruits .
they even have a decent beer selection .
i met him in the hospital when i was admitted .
he 's saved my behind with treating my foot so i wouldnt lose it .
i greatly appreciate your help doc .
i highly recommend dr. krispel .
my opthamologist referred me to dr. krispel @ meadows retina .
i felt she understood my emotional state regarding my eyes .
i felt different at this office .
i give the doctor an `` e '' for excellent !
also , her staff was kind as well : )
everyone so friendly and personable .
the kids love going !
dr keith is great and they really care about you as a person .
they do all they can to fit your budget .
dr. zedek is great !
his treatment worked and my family is better now because of him .
thank you dr zedek .
immediadent in middleburg hts told me to come in right away .
on a sunday ! ! ! !
they recemented the crown and and saved the day .
i had such a wonderful experience i decided to make immediadent my new dentist .
i drove out of my way to the cedar location and was taken in .
dr rachenlii and his staff are so professional and always treat you like family .
simply the best dentist for your whatever issue you may have .
had such a great experience here !
i absolutely loved the results and the environment of this location .
it really is an oasis !
will be scheduling my next appointment very soon : ) .
i originally signed up at this location because it was close to my house .
i really appreciate them upping their prenatal therapists .
it allows me to get in for a massage when i really need it .
the staff is always polite .
great environment , with a great chiropractor .
knowledgeable , friendly and gets me back on my feet .
lori strathdee is an excellent registered massage therapist ( rmt ) running yorkdale wellness .
and lori keeps changing the decor to keep things fresh .
the iv treatment kicked butt too !
made appointment to see if i would be having boy or girl .
i was greeted by terry super welcoming !
was a bit nervous , she made us feel very comfortable .
she was able to tell me what i was having .
very pleased with the experience !
thank you terry , happy i picked your office !
kur is a neighborhood gem .
i value their holistic approach to health and wellness and appreciated the extra touches .
the staff is very friendly .
i was offered strawberry alkaline water upon arrival .
i left feeling relaxed and muscle aches were gone the next day .
kevin was wonderful and got everything moving again .
definitely one of the better thai massage place i have been !
i will for sure come back again .
dr. d does that !
overall the office and rooms are clean .
i have been going to north scottsdale laser & skin care for 4 years .
i go to dr. anderson for my treatments ( botox , filler ) .
they also do monthly specials which is great for your budget !
i love tje atmosphere and the massage is very good .
i truly loved the ezperience here !
love love love dr olson and staff !
dr olson has helped my scoliosis , si joint pain and overall feeling better .
my back is improving each week .
my back is not as stiff as it used to be as well .
this is a great place for chiropractics .
nice new ( clean ) facility .
dr. michael did an outstanding job with my dental work .
i would definitely recommend his practice to friends and family .
love , love anew medspa .
they are very knowledge regarding aging skin .
they do an excellent job with botox and fillers .
they also have an extremely friendly staff !
dr. mack is great and monica is an amazing hygenist ! ! !
friendly staff all the way around ... highly recommend this practice !
pineapple breeze is like crack .
friday is a good day to visit , 5 buck deal .
so rare to find a deal these days ...
my husband and i had massages .
my husband had the deep tissue which he said it was wonderful .
i had the reflexology massage and was wonderful as well .
it is very inexpensive and well worth it .
i would recommend this place to others .
it is just like a big box chain massage but much cheaper .
i am impressed at the look of the practice .
every attention to detail was given in the creation of this incredible healing space .
the space is just so relaxing , i was immediately put at ease .
paul is very knowledgeable and shows much compassion .
he carefully guided me through my treatment .
dr rios is awesome !
just wish they would do better with appointment times .
makes it inconvenient when you have to get to work .
other than that , the care is wonderful !
i was sent here by my dentist for an emergency root canal .
very happy with dr. gettleman and his staff .
i 'd like to say see you soon.. but i hope not ; )
i love kelly chiropractic .
he is an amazing dr. an i recommend him to everyone .
he has helped me tremendously with so many issues .
i will never trust anyone else to work on me but him .
dr. kelly an his wife jane are amazing people .
i know i am in good hands .
so if you want the best chiropractor i suggest you see him ...
this was a wonderful experience .
clean , relaxing environment .
the staff was professional and courteous .
will be visiting again !
patty is a breath of fresh air !
they both talked and joked and made me so comfortable and laughing .
the front staff was sweet and helpful .. the music was awesome !
i am receiving hand therapy at the scottsdale desert cove location .
i am so impressed with brooke allen and her assistants including emily .
they are encouraging and patient .
i like that there is such a variety of therapies they use on me .
my appointments are always on time and i always feel better when i leave .
plus everyone there is so kind it makes it easy to keep going .
this was the most amazing facial i have ever had .
i could n't wait to go back and try the next service .
one chair in your own private pretty little corner .
i 'll go back again and again ...
stumbled in here by chance just due to where we parked !
i was so impressed !
they have soap , shampoo , everything !
the place was large but manageable , clean and staff friendly at the til .
i can not wait to go back !
dr reyes , kathy and everyone else that works in this office is amazing !
they go above and beyond to take care of patients .
they will get you in in a moments notice .
i hate dental visits .
she also prescribed me a mouthwash that was n't even mandatory .
i have culinary insurance and they were the first place i called .
i really like going to dr. olson for acupuncture for my allergies .
my husband suffered with lower back pain and sciatica for over 2 years .
he took his mri 's to dr. patrick mcnulty .
my husband is now living the life he only dreamed of .
dr. mcnulty is a skilled surgeon and consummate professional .
he cares for the patient 's complete health , not only the orthopedic part .
we are so grateful to him and his staff .
i went to the neurology center january 09 this year .
i had read the negative reviews and obviously had somewhat uneasy feelings about going .
but went i did as i had been sent there by the insurance company .
i was greeted by a busy , and full , office .
but the two clerks working the counter were courteous , helpful and informative .
it took about 15 minutes to complete all the paperwork .
after she completed her job dr. yu came in and did additional nerve testing .
all in all i was in the examination room almost an hour .
during that time i was constantly undergoing testing .
also during that time i felt that dr. yu was pleasant and professional .
i do n't like going to the dentist .
good ol ' yelp to the rescue !
great service and staff !
the dentist spent a lot of time answering my questions and examining me .
i love working out with steve !
our family did bootcamp with him every saturday a few years ago .
tldr : the most amazing place i have ever been to or dealt with .
you ca n't possibly go wrong by going here .
i 'm pretty sure they saved my life .
step one extraction of the 5 of the 6 broken teeth .
on 12/13 i had those teeth `` surgically extracted '' .
i was beyond impressed from the minute i got there .
i actually liked them .
preparing myself for the horror of a dental appointment , as i recall them .
i did n't feel anything at all getting the shots .
ok. i 'm impressed but we 'll see how it goes .
so , i honestly felt like i was in the chair 15-30 mins .
i was confused at the end like `` we 're done ? ''
yeah , we were done .
spoiler alert : it went great .
i felt no pain .
i felt pressure , sure but trust me that is definitely not pain .
recovery : after the anesthetic wore off i was actually fine .
the tenderness is gone and the stitches are pulling themselves out a little .
`` are you sure it 's ok for me to swallow ? ''
`` what if i sneeze ? ''
they worked seamlessly with my insurance .
i 'm excited to have a plan .
i 'm excited to no longer have infected broken teeth in my mouth .
i 'm excited bc i have hope .
thank you ! ! !
dr nino is extremely professional and very knowledgeable in dealing with your spinal issues .
i highly recommend his practice .
clean , attractive surroundings and friendly , professional staff who are very welcoming .
overall , awesome place !
lab work done on site .
mini hospital in a strip mall .
great dr , great staff .
just moved to clt and joined the ymca .
it 's been recently renovated and it looks great .
i prefer the workout classes , my favorite is athletic conditioning on the rooftop .
i love love love this place ! ! !
they are kind and really go out of their way to help you .
please support this wonderful business ! !
they have everything from spray tans to weight loss .
super clean waiting room and consultant offices .
i always recommend these ladies .
i love this office .
the staff is really friendly , the place is really clean .
you can come here for either your woman 's wellness exams or for pregnancy .
it 's also great they have labs and ultrasounds on site .
i get so many complements on my lashes !
she is very passionate about her services and consistant !
the atmosphere is very professional and peaceful .
no need for mascara ! ! ! ! ! !
he was thorough , precise and delightful to deal with .
no flash , no upselling , just good solid service .
i was referred to him by a friend and am completely pleased .
i now recommend this terrific optometrist to you !
dr pisano & dr diana are amazing ! ! ! ! ! !
when i started with them i was suffering w chronic headaches .
my headaches are significantly better and my lifestyle is so much more enjoyable .
all dirt cheap ! )
i 'm bound to find something i ca n't live without .
then let 's move to the produce aisle .
cheap produce everywhere ... ..and even organic .
across the board , marc 's food costs me less money than other groceries .
overall very good experience .
actually , everyone working there was just plain and simple : cool .
in fact , even the other customers were chillaxed .
as you 'd hope .
this place is an everything nutri-wonderful treasure trove and the hood is fab .
and the prices are good .
that review coming soon .
this previous dentist was perfectly ethical .
i am so pleased .
dr. kim was wonderful .
the office staff was also very professional .
i 've had several great stylists , however , kelsey is the best !
rejuvination spa is an aveda salon and thus use all aveda products .
overall , their services can be a little pricey .
you 'll get great quality without breaking the bank .
at a cancer center , though , that is less often the case .
it 's a newer place , with giant windows and pretty photo art .
the staff has been great so far , too .
that does a lot for peace of mind and financial and medical decision planning .
then , a kind volunteer showed us the way to our next stop .
so far , two thumbs up .
the office is small , clean and quiet .
dr. david ngo is hands down the best dentist in arizona .
he took his time and explained everything step by step .
kiervy at reset iv was awesome very informative and professional at his occupation .
very quick and convenient than a emergency room ! ! !
every single therapist i was with was great here .
i come to her for a 1.5 hr massage on a weekly basis .
the pricing is not cheap , but it is definitely worth it .
i have not had a massage therapist like her and i highly recommend lily .
everyone here is nice including the front desk ladies .
another great laser treatment with nicole .
she is knowledgeable , professional , and helpful during every visit .
would n't see anyone else !
i am also a snowbird and am only here in the winter months .
she is very good with handling my disease and my vagabond lifestyle .
i 'm very pleased with this office and recommend them without reservation .
hands down , the most amazing spa ever !
incredible atmosphere , amenities , service , and experience .
absolutely perfect from the minute you walk in .
prices are surprisingly reasonable and they seem to run promotions and service discounts frequently .
all the staff were friendly and knowledgeable .
they even made accommodations for my sensitive teeth when cleaning .
i was amazed by the technology this office used .
i felt they did an incredibly thorough job .
i 'd highly recommend them .
easy to find , close parking , very affordable for quality of service .
nice , quiet , peaceful .
the staff is very accomadating as well
he did need surgery but not the same day .
dr yepremyan and his staff were really great at each of our visits .
this dental office is one of the best dental offices in that state !
the service is amazing and the appointment was quick .
i recommend it to anybody looking for a new dental office to go to !
maybe even a bargain . ''
i will definitely be back .
my sister and i started off our day with a pilates class .
the class only had four people , and the instructor was definitely top notch .
i went for my facial soon after wards .
the room and table were very comfortable and kept at the perfect temp .
my aesthetician was great .
my favorite part of the spa was the pool .
the pool is only for spa guests so it 's quiet and relaxed .
the food served poolside was surprisingly good .
my mom and sister went gaga over the turkey sliders .
the menu indicated it had 400 calories , but i do n't believe it .
if it 's true , that 's a work of black magic .
we also spent some time in the sauna and hot tub .
this area was much larger compared to the other spas i 've been too .
he is very conscientious and thorough .
not to mention a very polite caring office team .
love this place ! !
amazing and skilled staff that truly care about every patient .
i came to the spring spa today for the first time .
the service was awesome .
everyone was very sweet .
we all left feeling rejuvenated .
we recommend this spa to anyone who needs some tlc for their body !
excellent care , friendly office , reasonable price .
great service and reliable .
convenient location and an easy online booking system .
this place is awesome ! ! !
we were both sick and got ivs called to our house .
10/10 great staff , prices , speedy arrival , all of it .
first visit was yesterday .
video of what exactly to expect by being adjusted .
i was a little nervous , as this was my first adjustment .
ahh , the relief !
and feeling more flexibility and range of motion is a relief !
the receptionist explained pricing , and all of their packages are totally worth it .
ca n't wait to go back !
awesome place ! ! !
beautiful signs and graphics on the windows ! ! !
made my shopping experience awesome and i will be back ! ! !
i highly recommend this store for anyone ! ! !
thanks freddie ! ! !
great place to get excellent produce , & products !
i just love this place ! !
they are so good to me .
wish i came more often .
membership is awesome , the people are so friendly .
this place is worthy of 5 stars .
much better than many of the chains out there and probably most hotel spas .
seriously , check this place out .
i would highly recommend her for all your acupuncture need .
the office is warm , welcoming and most importantly professional .
looking forward to having dr. crum deliver my babies in a few weeks .
so i made another appointment for the next day .
she was very friendly and gentle .
they had pretty amazing nail polish and gel selection .
my sister had a french manicure and it came out great .
she said her technician was also very friendly and gentle .
she also mentioned that they used implements from a sterile blister pack .
her nails only saw chipping about 10 days after service .
overall i enjoyed my time here .
i will definitely be back when i 'm in the area .
i have been going to this salon for 11 years .
i have watched tina and gretchen grow it into an amazing spa .
from the moment you walk in , the aroma smells like beauty .
i give her full power to keep me young and hip looking .
she has never failed me .
as i age , i feel prettier than ever .
these people are amazing .
fill saddle bags for harley 's with warm blood ... . all day long .
the place was clean adn the wait was short !
the integrative vet med center team has set a new standard for veterinary care .
the team is friendly , accommodating , and put conrad at great ease .
dr. pfafman does n't miss a thing .
he patiently answers every question .
i absolutely love this gym , the coaches and the people who workout here .
this was my first crossfit experience coming from a background of traditional gyms .
there are so many different class times to choose from throughout the day .
saturdays are so much fun because there are usually team workouts .
the coaches focus on form to ensure that no one injures themselves .
all in all , you should definitely drop in and do a workout .
you 'll never want to go to another gym again !
i was so very pleased to find this community .
the staff is superb .
big shout out to jerry .
i would greatly recommend this community to anyone.i wish i had found them sooner .
this is not our normal dentist .
our daughter bumped her tooth pretty hard .
her tooth was loose , bloody gums , etc .
it was about 7pm .
they were one of the few dentists open .
we are grateful we came in .
did i mention how awesome they were ?
neither one would eat the mac and cheese , so i tasted it .
i was appalled at the very starchy sauce and very mushy pasta .
i threw it out .
the same response to the tamales , which i could n't wait to try .
totally dry with no flavor .
i threw them out also .
not to mention the person who waited on me .
i will be much more careful next time i hit the salad bar .
very nice and friendly staff .
quick turn around and as always much appreciated
this pharmacy is exactly what it should be !
they does just that very well here .
the staff are always very nice too , rushed , but still nice .
dr. frankie 's got it going on .
so glad i have him taking care of me .
one of the smoothest office visits i have ever had .
the staff was exceptionally nice to me and made me feel comfortable there .
i had an exceptional experience .
job well done there .
easy to get to .
friendly workers every once in awhile you stumble on a real pro therapist .
this beautiful and surprisingly strong little thai lady real knows her craft .
she 's my new `` best '' .
and i used to live in thailand .
i know what 's up .
you will walk out a rejuvenated new person .
family recommended this place .
kathy is great , the hygienist is awesome !
the dentist dr. nguyen is nice , professional , and efficient .
i had a great experience , highly recommend .
dr. morley is awesome !
what a blessing he and his staff have been .
we found a groupon for a great price for the 3d/4d ultrasound .
it was a great experience ! !
i just had a great experience at the joint !
they asked me questions and were careful to attend my needs .
he was an older gentleman !
did n't expect results !
dr. evans is very personable which makes going to the dentist more comfortable .
she has a sweet personality and overall is just awesome !
professional and awesome staff .
i would recommend them to family and friends .
place is clean and modern .
this shop turned out to be a god send .
great frames , great service , great prices , great optometrist in the back .
simply botox but after 15 years the best !
i will be back for filler and trust in your services .
i love dr. cherrington & his office staff !
dr. cherrington is a very kind and caring man .
i definitely recommend this office to anyone !
they are very professional and friendly .
they put my whole office room together for less than ikea and so quickly .
i 've used them twice already and will be using them again .
this was my first time here .
i was referred over for my fibromyalgia from my primary care doctor .
i had such a great experience as i was dealt with dr.khemka .
he was just the sweetest .
great place , dr kohler is the best !
his dental assisstants , rey and callan are also wonderful .
this dental office is a winner ! !
sometimes the people that make it all happen are never given any kudos .
deb in patient services always greets you with a smile !
daisy ( medical assistant ) who takes my vitals is friendly and professional !
and all the girls in accounts receivable just as professional as well !
chenin orthodonics has provided excellent treatment and care with my daughter 's braces .
very welcoming , friendly environment .
it 's clear that the orthodontists and their staff enjoy what they do .
my daughter 's smile is straight and beautiful , building her confidence .
reward programs keep the kids focused and on track with their dental care .
we automatically felt like a part of his family even though we just met !
thank you for such an amazing experience ( even at the dentist ! )
dr. truong and his staff are top notch .
it is so even toned and clear ! !
my back , chest and face never felt so good !
thank you soooooooo much ! ! ! !
you are a blessing ! !
had my first office visit with sunrise dental this morning .
yes , a dentist office that works on weekends !
so i went in early to fill out the normal paperwork and such .
the reception area was neat and comfortable .
the receptionist was nice and attentive .
no surprises after the work is done !
: ) i then met my hygienist with smiles and welcomes .
she escorted to the back office area which was clean and well kept .
took my digital x-rays and was impressed by the sanitation efforts after the x-rays .
she wiped down everything she touched with those wipe sanitizers !
she went over my teeth , checking the gums and teeth .
that , i knew , just did n't want to hear it .
then the dr thanked me for coming in shook my hand again .
after sitting down with her i agree to that title !
she explained what the picture of the teeth on my sheet and codes .
she thanked me for being a new patient and gave me a welcome gift !
i was given a nice reusable shopping bag with something in it !
amazing staff & even more amazing surgeon !
the folks at this facility take service to a new level .
best dentist i have been to so far !
he has 2 employees who are so nice and personable .
they remember me every time !
i never feel rushed or like another number .
most relaxing and calming massage place in town !
everyone is super friendly and the therapist listened to all my needs .
i will be back for sure for another massage soon !
hands down the best results i 've ever gotten with botox !
the environment is gorgeous .
staff is friendly and very knowledgeable .
overall great place for quality , healthy and quick meal !
unless i have meat , i 'm hungry .
then i went to fresh .
had a bowl of lentil soup and one of their super-protein salads .
i was full , happy , and amazed .
and i joke about the roots and bark .
this is a great place to go for detox and penance .
too loud for my tender little ears .
it 's a large place very open , clean and friendly staff .
large selection ... good product .
i love love love this office !
i went to heatherwood and had an amazing experience !
every time i leave a session i feel like a new woman !
one of my favourite vegan restaurants !
i think every burger/wrap/taco plate comes with a little kale salad , as well .
i believe they use almond grain patties ( or something like that ) .
i was a little disappointed in the crispy chick ' n tenders .
not worth the added price .
service is great , everyone is super friendly .
i 'll definitely be back !
dr.kevin kon was awesome , along with the front desk and their staff .
by far the best urgent care i have ever been too .
five stars for this hospital i was in the labor/delivery department .
the staff here made me feel so comfortable , safe , welcome , etc .
kathy at front desk really bailed me out !
super professional and compassionate .
earned my business that 's for sure .
i love this place , they are very cordial and friendly .
fast and easy to walk in and get your b12 shot .
they are a great help .
esos is outstanding in everything they do with absolute attention to detail .
they are knowledgeable and dedicated to all aspects of health and wellness .
i am a skeptic no more !
highly , highly recommend !
dr. daccache and his staff are the best in town !
he 's incredibly personable and you can tell he knows what he 's doing .
i highly recommend dr. daccache and his team !
had an amazing experience !
i have already recommended it to my friends and will definitely be going back .
it was absolutely relaxing .
he is extremely professional and truly cares about his customers .
this is very convenient and i highly recommend him .
happy to have a new eye dr place .
dr. cravatta is always very thorough and proactive in his care .
although his procedures are expensive , he does not steer you towards them unnecessarily .
he does excellent work .
his staff is always friendly , courteous , and helpful .
i would recommend him to anyone trying to avoid dentures .
i am so impressed with earth dragon .
i found them on groupon , and am so glad i did .
i 'll be signing up for their monthly membership soon .
the first dentist i actually enjoyed visiting ! !
it was a hot and sunny thursday afternoon ... haha j/k .
thankfully they were very understanding and still honored my appointment .
what truly made this visit exceptional was dr. arvin .
i 've probably recommended 5-10 people since i came here .
i love this place everyone is very nice and very helpful .
dr.t & thomas chu are excellent .
give all and any information on questions asked .
we 're even given samples and discounts when we did n't have insurance .
always eases any fears my child or i may have regarding any illness .
excellent i wish i could give them more than 5 stars .
we did a little searching and decided to try this place .
i got a french pedicure and a facial .
i was very impressed .
i would definitely go back if i 'm ever in vegas again .
heartily recommend this neighborhood family orthodontist office .
dr. popat handled braces for both our girls and is top notch .
bravo to this local family-run practice .
this place is an impeccable clinic !
i came all the way from las vegas to get adjustments from dr russell .
he is very thorough and professional .
i felt he really personally care about my lower back issues .
and more than anything , he executes adjustments well .
thank you dr russell you are awesome !
great service but you do have to wait awhile for a doc .
everything about this place is 5 stars !
my whole family goes here now .
you wo n't be sorry .
state of the art !
this review is long 'over-due ' ( har har ) .
allyson 's knowledge and humility struck me immediately .
she truly loves her line of work and cared deeply for my family .
that we met our daughter .
as first time parents we were nervous , but we had plenty of help !
and a birthing tub technician there .
allyson 's post-partum visits are so great .
how have i not written a review yet ? !
i will never go anywhere else !
charles and kristine are absolutely phenomenal ! ! !
the gals upfront are so darling !
i can not say enough great things ! !
she 's very smart , patient , kind and unhurried .
this is a great service !
fast , friendly staff and always ready to help .
my cat loved the toys too !
dr. petroff is a phenomenal dermatologist .
she has great bedside manner , and she truly cares about her patients .
i 've been a client for several years and would highly recommend her .
found this gem of an office while passing by my doctor 's office .
upon entering the lobby i encountered more pink , white and sparkles .
the tv in the waiting room looks like a painting !
they have an amazing full body massage chair along with coffee and water .
the toilet in the bathroom has led motion lights in the toilet .
i had a hand wax while i had my teeth cleaning .
i ended up getting a crown done .
i 'm really glad i found this place .
check out pristine dental !
alma was very informative and a pleasure to deal with .
thank you for the fun experience .
changed my perspective of yearly eye check ups !
went in and seen breanna today .
cody and his staff are amazing ! !
i was truly impressed with their perseverance and dedication .
i can not thank them enough for everything they did .
could n't ask for a better massage !
when i first booked with nicole i was in a lot of pain .
i had injured my back/neck one day before .
nicole is the real deal !
i have visited 4 different location and this one hands down is the best .
that 's because of dr. macintosh .
everytime i leave this office i feel great .
the adjustment offers instant pain relief .
they staff is also very friendly .
would highly recommend this location .
just recieved a massage with matt .
one of the best massages ive ever had .
amazing techniques , great flow .
i could not imagine going anywhere else .
moved out of state for about a year & was at a loss .
is with if you have a question someone will have a professional answer .
with autumn she is very professional and an expert in her field .
i went with my mother for a unique spa experience .
all of it was fantastic !
it was a bit pricey but i feel worth every penny .
best massage in vegas ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
if you need a rub down you must go to this location .
everyone was so nice and professional .
i loved my massage from ton .
nathan mclaws is an excellent dentist .
my family and i have been going to him for years .
we always recommend vista dorada for their friendly service and professional care .
5 star experience every time we 've walked through their doors .
celebrity skin is amazing !
i could n't be happier .
i came in for a dermabrasion .
i 've had them before from other places but jen was amazing .
the room was clean and relaxing .
i did n't want to leave after it was done .
my husband and i had a great experience at green valley fertility center .
we are so happy did !
i was recommended to dr. berry as i have terrible migraine headaches .
i have been going to him for a little over 2 months .
he is very thorough in his knowledge !
i had never heard of a chiro with emphasis in neurology .
it made sense to get to the route of the reason for the headaches .
i am so glad that i found him !
dr. gibson and her whole practice and employees are amazing !
in addition all of her staff including receptionists and nurses are stellar .
this dental office is one of the best dental offices in that state !
the service is amazing and the appointment was quick .
i recommend it to anybody looking for a new dental office to
absolutely fantastic vip treatment .
also , she got an awesome mani-pedi before we wnt to dinner .
great value , excellent atmosphere and outstanding service .
alex is the best ! ! !
we will definitely come back .
the absolute best service i have ever received .
she was fast and funny .
the epitome of great customer service .
screaming it to the world !
no getting bored with the workouts .
everyone encourages you to push yourself harder and keep going !
the divito 's are the best of the best .
the most advanced technology and pain free experience ever .
same day service for crowns and replacements .
work is done w laser technology rather than drills .
one more thing- enrico divito patented the laser technology .
i actually enjoy getting my teeth cleaned .
the office staff is kind , helpful and very very good at their job .
i wish i could give them 10 stars .
i 'm pretty satisfied with the resolution on my complaint .
received a nice facial and the prices for their services are affordable .
i felt a difference in my skin after the pampering .
when i got there is was nice and clean .
which the rooms were enclosed so you can enjoy the experience peacefully .
it is clean , comfortable and there is plenty there to choose from .
the presbyterian facility is large , sited on beautiful grounds .
a very nice facility with caring staff .
i heard april speaking to her client .
i asked her about a product and the procedure .
she explained everything and allayed my concerns .
i had the treatment done painless , great price and an awesome experience .
i always say everything happens for a reason .
my daughter went here after her eyelash technician moved away .
the place was very clean and the staff was extremely friendly .
her old technician was rather rough sometimes .
nothing like that happened here at fya .
tana was very gentle , soothing and very skilled .
there was no pinching , pulling and poking .
there was only perfectly straight , beautiful eyelashes .
been a regular here for 17 years .
however their staff are friendly .
dr. torres is a wonderful doctor and sylvia averett is the absolute best .
highly recommend both of them .
this place is clean and the staff are friendly and professional .
the clinic space itself is gorgeous .
the staff here are so kind and pleasant .
always a smile on their faces .
they make you feel like an old friend or part of the family .
and finally their service is absolutely superb .
top notch dental work and from beginning to end , a great patient experience .
i highly recommend this place .
i have been a patient of dr. schroeder 's for over 5 years .
i love this office and my doctor .
i do n't mind waiting as i know i will get the same service .
why was i surprised ?
because i 've too often left voice mail messages and received nothing .
so , props to elements for actually calling a prospective customer back !
the room was very quiet with light ambient music , perfect for zoning out .
presently , i do n't have any of the tension i normally feel .
one can transfer the discounted fee to friends/family and benefits roll over each month .
this place has a really good selection of supplements .
i have been in here twice in the last two weeks .
they also have protein shakes and internet available to customers .
other than that though this place is pretty legit !
this has been one of my best dental experiences so far .
the staff is helpful .
i need reminder calls ! !
michelle the hygienist is remarkable about answering the simplest questions .
as a staff they just seem on top of things .
first time there , and they made it so easy and quick .
evette was so nice and made the experience awesome .
the place was very clean and easy to find .
very friendly staff , very clean and lovely waiting room .
got me in almost as soon as i handed them my paperwork .
facility has some great technology that helps make the exam quicker and more efficient .
they let me sample before i picked up anything it was great .
i like the convenience !
the doctors and staff are friendly and professional .
i recommend the joint to all my friends and family .
i ca n't recommend this place enough !
i can not tell you how many times quan and jing have helped us !
we are very active and are always pulling muscles or tearing ourselves up .
they both have healing hands .
i have recommended them time and time again to many of my friends .
they all came back very happy .
the staff is very friendly and knowledgable .
he makes himself easily accessible to the patients .
i would highly recommend this office for any of your skin care needs !
i was surprised by the service , attention to detail , options , vibe ...
best manicure and pedicure i 've ever had anywhere .
ben took me at 9:30pm and i was there until 11:30 !
he took his time and did his work with a lot of pride !
i only wish i could bring ben back with me to la !
i will be seeing him every time i 'm in vegas now ! ! !
he is a must !
you were awesome ! !
it was a perfect gift for my mom !
she usually hates getting a massage but this time she did appreciate it !
: ) of course !
staff if sweet , friendly and accommodating .
atmosphere is chic and clean .
my daughter booked for the both of us to get an hour massage .
ruby was the one that gave me a massage .
she is really good .
she asked me where i wanted her to focus on .
i said my upper back and deep tissue .
she really really did a good jib .
the hour goes by pretty fast .
because i checked in thru yelp i got a free foot scrub .
i felt so new when i left .
the massage was greatly needed
eveyone is awesome dr nguyen treats you ! ! !
he dont fool around ! !
dr. faist is an excellent dentist !
his staff is superb , too !
it 's actually a pleasure going to the dentist 's now .
carmen is great ! !
prices are unbelievably low compared others !
she is professional , funny , and great at what she does !
this is a great place for rehab and therapy .
i went there for my left shoulder rehab after my july 2015 surgery .
this place is clean , and it is easy to schedule appointments .
if i am doing something wrong , they quickly come over to correct me .
i have been to other therapy places and would definitely recommend this one !
gina continues as my therapist and i could n't be happier !
as new hires come in , they continue to meet these same standards .
i am happy to have found this jewel in the desert !
these are the best adjustments i have ever had .
listen , jessica is the best .
it 's never painful , uncomfortable , or stressful .
but they 've all been very hospitable and professional .
probably see you in a little bit lol
beautiful store , nice doormen , polite and professional front desk people .
the prices are a tad high but the selection good .
the flowers fresh , even the pre-rolls .
it is worth the trip from anywhere in the valley .
my wife has been having terrible problems with siatica .
in two weeks 90 % of the pain is gone , mobility is back .
dr. donna and her staff have been really great with care and support .
it 's just an all around good place .
to work out the kinks .
friendly staff , professional service .
i 've been coming to this pharmacy for about 2 years now .
this office is amazing i highly recommend it .
dr. zedek does n't make me feel like i 'm `` crazy '' .
he is kind and caring absolutely love this doctor .
i ca n't say enough about how friendly and helpful our doctor here was .
take the time to go in and get a hearing evaluation .
this was my first time going to a cleveland clinic location .
and based on this experience , i definitely plan on going back .
pros -ease of check-in .
-attentive , concerned doctors ( and residents ! ) .
i love a good massage .
had simone the other day .
great skill and strength .
really worked out my knotts .
what a wonderful experience !
these days it is a miracle to even get 2 minutes with the doctor .
here i was able to ask questions and actually get some insightful answers .
i never felt uncomfortable or rushed .
i highly recommend this office .
the pas are wonderful and dr. romine was very attentive !
i came to dr. standley mainly because he was covered by my insurance .
i 'm definitely going back !
best dental experience possible from a person who fears a dental office .
the receptionist was so pleasant and welcoming .
the office wait was only a few minutes .
this is the best shopping experience i 've had for anything .
does joe have a brother ?
i needed 2 pair and still paid over $ 550 !
this was all before i even saw the dr for my exam !
back out to the optician to go over options for lenses .
i felt very comfortable in the lenses and frames we picked out .
they each came in one of those hard eyeglass cases that were so cute !
i have had two appointments to date and both times they have been wonderful .
i would highly recommend .
just got back from an awesome thai massage .
serious stretching and deep deep pressure .
i prefer as deep as it can be .
they always do a great job here .
i have recommended agape to everybody i care about .
i also love the personal training with erin .
dr. wyse is one of the most caring doctors i have ever had .
he takes the time to listen vs. just writing on a notepad .
dr. wyse follows up with you very quickly and actually cares .
i feel very lucky to have him as my doctor .
i also want to note that carmen his nurse/p.a .
is wonderful and give the same quality service as dr. wyse .
my children have been going to this place for the past 2 years .
theres been a lot of new faces in the past year .
the interior has recently changed .
kids dentistry now offers appointments on sunday as well for us working parent 's .
the dentists are super friendly and caring .
the receptionist are nice and warm welcoming .
the paperwork is now all electronic on their mobile device .
there is also a gender neutral restroom .
the pricing is fair compared to other dentists in the nw vegas area .
the location could be a bit better .
i recommend this office for chiropractic and sports injury recovery
came here for a ortho consult and then a cleaning .
both times a good experience , wait time was not bad either .
i have a hypothyroid problem , i thought i could never lose weight .
3 months later and 20 pounds thinner while eating regular food , just less .
this was just the kickstart i needed .
love the staff linda , nicole , jessica and cindy are the best .
dr. brigham is such an extraordinary orthodontics .
he is very meticulous and so professional .
if i can give a bonus star on here i would .
i chose 10 because the customer service is great .
they have always been very helpful and timely .
5 stars from me !
this cvs just recently opened .
the staff are all very friendly .
with mother 's day and teacher appreciation this coupon really came in handly .
it does not apply to any sales item however .
highly recommend this office !
whole foods is my fantasy wonderland !
people frequently ask what beauty products i use on my face .
i constantly default to whole foods in henderson .
i use the acure brightening facial scrub twice weekly , on it 's own .
i moisturizer daily with acure day cream .
i also drink volumes of water & green juice .
real water can be purchased by the case at whole foods .
they also carry neti pots that are good , too .
charles is absolutely the best !
he is gifted and a master at what he does .
i would never go to anyone but him for cosmetic needs .
e & s 83rd & buckeye location is fabulous !
my daughter told me they deserve a great review , so here i am .
dr. cary logan was a god-send to me during a recent visit to vegas .
note , yelp was an excellent resource to help with identifying options !
hence , dr. logan emerged as a front runner with high ratings !
great dentist , friendly staff , awesome place .
staff are friendly , and nice .
the whole process was smooth , and easy .
she is so happy with the overall experience with dr. david mortenson .
we are very happy with the service .
dr. badall and his team went above and beyond for me ! !
i instantly felt comfortable and welcomed .
dr.badall gave me the most painless filling i have ever had .
he 's also super quick which was really nice .
i wish i could remember her name .
i am so impressed with this place .
this review is based solely on my initial evaluation .
finally they called me to schedule my son for an appointment .
we were called back promptly and met with smitha .
smitha was amazing with kids .
she assessed his stutter by conversing with my boy .
she asked me about his home life and possible contributing factors .
i was given some tips on how to help him even further .
after a bad car accident i had to have surgery on my elbow .
my experience with dr. bigler was amazing .
he is an experienced surgeon with an excellent bedside manner .
dr. gustus has been a great fit for me , my wife and kids .
i love going to a dentist that i completely trust .
i have been a patient for 2 years .
he is honest and practical .
he has never tried to sell me anything .
the hygienists are also exceptional !
i ca n't forget them .
they have a professional and respectful attitude .
we love the gentle giant !
gabe is detailed , patient and tough .
all the things you want in a trainer .
it 's awesome and definitely a highlight of our workweek .
makes a case of the mondays much easier to handle .
i highly recommend this place !
friendly staff , and good management !
we liked the selection of frames as well .
will be back forsure !
pursuing healing with paul is a decision that one will benefit highly from .
i am now a true believer in the effectiveness of his work .
he seriously goes `` above and beyond '' for your treatment .
words can not properly express his enthusiasm for his patients .
i am a newer client to arcadia h & w .
great place to get `` adjusted '' !
dr layton is the most amazing obgyn ever .
he has done 3 c-sections for me .
he is absolutely an amazing surgeon .
with each c-section he seems to make the scar look even better .
i cant say enough .
pick this doctor you will not be disappointed ! !
love her , and the staff .
super nice , and very educational .
more spa like than most of the average foot massage places .
the head shampoo should be tried at least once .
it was so relaxing i dozed off .
they even dry your hair for you .
the staff is fantastic too .
your experience is what you make it .
this is an excellent facility and i would never dream of going anywhere else !
i have been to see dr gombert several times now .
but , his staff is equally nice and very capable .
i would recommend this office to anyone .
lorna is very kind and very thorough .
it was a relaxing experience and you will feel very comfortable there .
prices are very fair and reasonable .
the store is clean and organized .
the staff is very knowledgeable and helpful !
great doctor with tons of experience .
( i was 24 at the time .
that 's an unacceptable answer . )
dr. kelly is absolutely worth a visit .
just as an fyi , this doctor does n't accept tricare insurance .
i 've been to this urgent care 4 times in the last year .
the doctors here are professional , especially dr. hogan .
they will help you with it .
super nice staff , helpful and friendly .
dr. glick is wonderful !
i had a spot biopsied that came back as basal cell .
he removed it successfully .
one word : perfect !
their service is the absolute best i have experience at a foot spa .
enjoyed every minute of it .
tip : check in on yelp and get a free sea salt foot scrub .
my boyfriend came here for his first time today .
he was so relaxed and comfortable .
the staff here was awesome .
friendly , kind , and compassionate .
my boyfriend has alot of work to get done here and he doesnt mind !
if i didnt have a dentist i would come here too ! ! !
i gave 20 bucks though.dont be cheap !
how much would you pay on the strip ! ?
james was an excellent massage therapist .
he listened to my requests and applied the perfect amount of pressure .
i highly recommend james .
dr. donna and her team are awesome !
she listens carefully so she knows how to help you .
from the minute you walk in the door everyone is so nice .
they make you feel welcomed at ease and taken care of .
my whole family comes here , and we all love it .
we were able to schedule an appointment within a week .
although the office gets busy at times , they were very organized and professional .
she is very knowledgeable and will answer any questions you have throughout your pregnancy .
she checked up on us daily while we were in the hospital as well .
i went in as a new patient .
had an exam and cleaning .
the staff were great .
dr. wyatt was nice , knowledgable and not bad on the eyes either .
dr. sanchez is the kindest most compassionate dr. i have ever met .
he never makes you feel rushed & answers all my questions & concerns .
i am getting older .
that 's the good news .
i do not take good care of my body .
that 's the bad news .
i know ani and kristen .
that 's the good news .
and that is the excellent news .
treat yourself right and get a therapeutic massage .
tell them bear sent you .
dr. van oosten is very knowledgeable and professional .
he 's helped me to manage .
chronic back pain for years .
the owner is flexible , nice & does a great job .
i always feel better after my messages .
it was good very friendly staff alexis was awesome .
and beautiful waiting area free coffee
we had a 20 dollar discount card which came in handy .
they gave us another discount card to use for next month for 10 dollars .
great facility and care providers .
called in and was scheduled to be seen within half an hour .
close to i10 freeway .
they treat you like family .
they given us the best treatment and explained the process along the way .
they have fun events throughout the year too .
i 'm so happy we came here for my daughters braces .
absolutely love everything about this place .
the establishment , the staff , the doctor , everything .
meredith handled financing and she is absolutely amazing .
angie was always a smiling friendly face to see , as well .
they are a wonderful team .
i will recommend and refer them to everyone , adults and kids .
i 'm incredibly happy with my results , too .
thank you for being so awesome , guys !
everything ( but the wine and liquers ) is stored in cute clay-looking kegs .
and the best part ?
the staff encourages sampling -- of anything and everything .
amazing -- my future greens and sauteed veggies salute you , vom fass !
this is a great office ! ! !
i have been treated by both dr. gunter and jimmy tran .
both are capable and personable even if pressed for time .
my overall objective is always for success in healing .
in my dozen or so appointments everything has always healed up .
that is my kind of office ! !
thanks to all of them -- - : ) : ) : )
great no nonsense optometrist office .
my appointment ran on-time which is important to me .
the doctor is knowledgeable and proficient as is the front desk .
i would recommend this office to friends and family without hesitation .
listens , evaluates your progress , and makes adjustments accordingly .
wants the best for you and your family .
mesa fit body boot camp is as good as it gets !
everyone who works out here is warm and encouraging .
come work out with us and see results ! !
i did not have time to deal with breaking my glasses frame !
thanks for saving the day ! !
off the charts , once again .
david is a master of his craft .
he could charge double what he does , and i 'd still go .
( but please do n't ! )
be good to yourself and go see david !
i am very pleased with the care i received .
my mother had worked for an o.d .
in the past , so i knew what good care was .
and they provided that .
dr. nichols was great .
fees were 30 $ for fingerprinting ... fast service .
some hassle , lack of customer service but no troubles .
the best nail salon in vegas .
customer service was excellent ! !
ask for ben his the best !
every time i go here there is little to no wait time .
the doctors are friendly and courteous and i 've never felt rushed to leave .
i did my diligence and solari hospice care was on my list .
i have had wonderful experiences !
dr. tam is very friendly and professional .
i have full confidence in him and would recommend him to anyone .
i forgot to review my stop at zen .
the service was good , the value was excellent and i 'd definitely return .
i used the yelp 15 % coupon and it was even a better deal .
it 's a nice break from intense sports betting .
i have only ever gotten my card at 1 other place .
i would give this place more stars than 5 but that is the max .
great people helping everyone here .
dylan was my massage therapist and he did an amazing job !
he knew exactly where all the tension and knots were .
i never had a message therapist who is this spot on .
i felt so relaxed and lighter after my massage .
i definitely will be coming back !
the staff is wonderful , accommodating and super friendly .
and without jenn relph i would be completely lost .
she 's a true caregiver .
best doctor i 've had in all my years .
this place is very professional when it comes to nail and lashes .
make my life so much easier !
it really seems like you get rewarded for coming often here .
obviously none of this matters if the massage is n't good .
luckily it was great !
overall , i highly recommend elements for both price , quality , and atmosphere .
first time here , but not the first time with this type of message .
they had good pressure without being painful .
they made us feel very comfortable and friendly
in town for a conference and desperately needed a massage .
found this place on yelp and am so happy i came .
lily was my masseuse and she did an awesome job !
dr bond is an excellent doctor .
i highly recommend dr bond .
great selection of pure advanced pharmaceuticals !
always helpful and professional staff !
the staff is the best at this location ! !
they are always smiling fans happy ! !
i love this place !
had my first prenatal chiropractic appointment with dr gesicki today .
can not recommend her highly enough !
i will definitely be back !
hanger is wonderful ! !
mark and stephanie are the nicest people we have ever met .
they are very friendly and pay attention to detail .
mark is very smart and understands the needs of his patients .
we have taken both out kids to see mark and recommend him to anyone .
the staff there are overworked and just not the coolest .
many times they are short people .
same goes for 5 north .
oncology use to be 4 central but they moved to 5 south this year .
i love those nurses as i had spent probably 7-9 months with them .
gay , edna , jannine are great charge nurses as well .
there 's like new rules going on every week .
the x-ray , mri guys are great , say hi to jen in ultrasound !
leslie and truman are cool too .
he 's always telling me to stay out of the hospital .
jeffrey 's really nice too , along with josh and mike .
the soonest i 've ever gotten a room was probably 4 hours .
so just be aware that you could be waiting a while .
oh the lab people are awesome , i almost forgot them .
they are always patient and gentle with me , which i appreciate .
i always see them when i go to the er .
and lastly the amenities carts .
there 's two carts that volunteers will bring by .
one cart is just newspapers and magazines .
the other cart is the one you want !
they are expanding so there 's been a ton of noise in certain areas .
they are also close to where i live so that 's always a bonus .
such a relaxing , calm place with delicious , healthy food .
the people who work there are friendly , too .
you do n't need to be a vegan or vegetarian to enjoy it .
i loved the quinoa bowls and also the mango mung bean sandwich .
the staff were all very pleasant and helpful .
they listened to my concerns and we 're respectful throughout the whole process .
the pa i saw was fantastic ... knowledgeable and thorough .
will definitely come back if the need arises !
this place should be a model of how to do it .
my tooth was in so much discomfort and pain .
dr brown was very delightful and professional .
i was extremely impressed by her knowledge .
she was comforting , caring , honest and candid with me .
she listened to all my concerns then proceeded to properly fill my troubled tooth .
the best one in charlotte !
i love the workers here .
they recognize u when u are a regular and make u feel at home .
not to mention the great prices and high quality food .
trader joes over whole foods any day
