0	total bill for this horrible service ?
0	these crooks actually had the nerve to charge us $ 69 for 3 pills .
0	i checked online the pills can be had for 19 cents each !
0	avoid hospital ers at all costs .
0	he promises great things them butchers your body .
0	i should have left my body alone .
0	it was not bad .
0	i was out to perfect it .
0	we often talk about how he ruined a good body .
0	i will never forget his dirty nasty slippers coming into the operating room .
0	i should have run from the room then .
0	i just had a terrible experience with dr. jennifer vonya-novak 's front office .
0	i changed my primary care to dr. novak .
0	l left , went home and called a 8 am , no answer .
0	i found her very condescending .
0	i have been getting monthly massages here for the past five months .
0	a couple of the therapists are good , and some lack experience .
0	yet the gentleman working the front desk clearly remembered scheduling that appointment with me .
0	he blamed it on glitchy new scheduling software .
0	i was extremely disappointed and embarrassed , since it was a gift .
0	but what else could we do but reschedule ?
0	so he again rescheduled .
0	this is getting ridiculous , and i 'm considering canceling my membership over it .
0	absolute waste of money .
0	the employee was very sweet , but do n't waste your money .
0	this place would get 1 star if the customer service sucked .
0	she was lacking in compassion , clarity , kindness , and professional ethics .
0	do not waste your time with dr. brown !
0	do your research people , this place is completely unprofessional .
0	my lips were extremely painful , swollen , bruised , and disproportioned .
0	choose a good md .
0	i believed her and had my blood drawn at their lab .
0	i immediately called lifescape and left a message , no one replied .
0	i believed them and left .
0	but a few weeks later i received another bill .
0	i called them a few more times explaining the issue .
0	i 'm really disappointed .
0	how can people trust them if they do business like that ! ! !
0	2. the waiting time in the clinic is too long .
0	i always have to wait there for 30-50 minutes passed the appointment time .
0	3. they do n't have xray machines .
0	good luck getting an appointment before you end up in the e.r .
0	do n't go here .
0	especially not for a full hour table massage .
0	i 'll spare the details , but i definitely do n't recommend this place .
0	they worry about their therapist but not their customers .
0	they said that 's the least they charge .
0	normally it 's full price of your service .
0	i was sent to vision source south hills for a second opinion .
0	however , i was incredibly displeased with how i was treated by the staff .
0	a month later , i received my refund along with an updated billing statement .
0	amongst the revised patient/insurance payment was a statement describing why the revision was necessary .
0	at this point , i do not see myself returning in the future .
0	i hate the customer service here but love the products .
0	maybe things are starting to look up here .
0	it needs to because there is never anybody in this store .
0	they are probably busy on saturdays .
0	he did n't know that by now ? ? ? ? ?
0	the waiting time for this location is 2hrs plus .
0	i would not go to this location ! ! ! !
0	i was told he is the best .
0	my daughter has multiple disabilities from a tbi .
0	she only has the use of that one arm/shoulder .
0	of course the doctor knew her condition at the first appointment .
0	shots in the shoulder and neck did not relieve the pain .
0	then she was prescribed with pain meds .
0	this went on another few years .
0	she was crying in pain everyday and in the night too .
0	she cried and `` begged '' me to cut off her arm several times .
0	we finally went back to lederman again .
0	then he walked out .
0	like he did not already know her condition from day one .
0	i got new glasses , lenses and a new hard lens here .
0	first they lost the order for my eyeglasses .
0	so getting my glasses took over two months .
0	that did n't happen so i called to ask about it .
0	this all again took several months .
0	but i 'm going back to oakland i guess .
0	the office staff just ca n't handle anything .
0	so mary and her husband came out and assembled a few pieces .
0	some large , some small .
0	all in all they did a very good job and were polite .
0	i think that we extended the same courtesy .
0	we actually asked them to come back and do another small job .
0	we needed fixtures attached to all our cabinets and drawers .
0	i told her , no problem .
0	i was ok. then ... ... silence .
0	never heard back from her again .
0	i know mary got my messages because i had gotten read receipts .
0	she just completely ignored me .
0	it was all very strange .
0	stephen w. said `` they 're real pros '' i beg to differ .
0	professionals who own and run their business should always respond to it 's customers .
0	i have never waited less than forty five minutes to see my doctor .
0	people go to spine specialists because they 're in pain .
0	please stop over booking .
0	biggest complaint - not one of the employees acknowledge you .
0	i will never recommend this place to anyone .
0	i had to decline her 4 times .
0	again , i had a miscarriage .
0	there is no compassion here .
0	if i could give less than one star i would .
0	i am incredibly disappointed after reading all these great reviews .
0	perhaps the doctor is great , but his staff is awful .
0	i called to say i was running late .
0	left a message because no one answered .
0	she claims she called me back but it did n't go through .
0	apparently she hit the call back button and it did n't go through .
0	that was the only attempt she made .
0	she did n't bother to actually dial the number i left .
0	she tells me she ca n't get me in until next tuesday .
0	she calls in a gentleman who is the only one who says halfway nice .
0	he steps out and sends in another woman who is also awful .
0	but they managed to change that .
0	god forbid i get any more ill ...
0	i always hated urgent cares .
0	how is that even possible ?
0	$ 110.35 for ten packs , vs $ 60.00 at local pharmacy .
0	i can guarantee you roadrunner pharmacy has gotten their last dime from me .
0	wow , guess my review was a bit premature .
0	i knew this already and was not going to choose either plan that day .
0	had i not gone over my charges as usual i would have missed it .
0	or , will you have insurance this year ? ?
0	this is supposed to be a dental practice helping/caring for patients .
0	where do i begin ?
0	how she has a job i will never know ! !
0	you may if your lucky get 25mins with a doctor a week .
0	clai was completely unprofessional and no way should be employed as a therapist .
0	she is going to get someone hurt or worse .
0	update**** i will never contact this dick face that commented .
0	got referred to this place by my hmo insurance care practitioner .
0	i went in there because i have pain on my arm socket and shoulder .
0	first visit , $ 70 co-pay .
0	still have the same shoulder and arm pain .
0	will be looking for another orthopedic doctor soon .
0	i went to see dr. miner for contact lenses .
0	i was told i needed to see dr. miner again .
0	i 've been growing and also a consumer of cannabis for over 20 years .
0	her response was that she could give me 10 % off another eighth .
0	all the bud was still in the container .
0	buyers beware : do n't let the size fool you .
0	this place lacks quality .
0	you just lost a loyal and high spending customer .
0	set up your game !
0	very cheap though and affordable .
0	but not for me .
0	i 'm used to getting a deep massage .
0	i will take my business elsewhere .
0	i mean really , this is ridiculous .
0	i will provide a time frame for this adventure .
0	current time of yelping : 6:20pm .
0	waiting ... ... . took picture of levine 's children 's room .
0	current time of yelping : 8:35pm .
0	current time of yelping : 8:35pm .
0	waiting ... ... ... . current time of yelping : 9:03pm .
0	waiting ... ... ... . they just called our name ... ... woo hooo .
0	current time of yelping : 9:23pm .
0	current time of yelping : 9 37pm .
0	waiting ... ... ... . dr came in ... ... still waiting .
0	when it comes down to being a doctor , they are the worst .
0	miss diagnosed 3 times and let alone the prices for all their treatments .
0	over all , my doctor now .
0	is not a doctor at all ! ! ! ! !
0	i am also trying to get my records and serum ... total nightmare !
0	the worst neurologist doctor in all of las vegas .
0	unprofessional attitude and he talked down to me as if i did something horrible .
0	he cut me off every time i spoke dismissing my concerns .
0	he actually argued with me over the meaning of paralysis .
0	he is very mean , rude and arrogant .
0	he walked off as i was ushered to the front to schedule another appointment .
0	i left in tears and crying uncontrollably .
0	he lives up to his bad reviews !
0	his personality is as lively as a dead flower .
0	this man is extremely mean and arrogant .
0	i 've never seen an owner on yelp `` fight '' with negative reviewers .
0	unfortunately , this administrative fee will prevent me from ever going back .
0	it 's sad b/c i feel the care was really great .
0	i really only shop here because of convenience .
0	the items they do have are often overpriced .
0	you really have to plan ahead and shop the weekly deals .
0	if you do n't , you have to pay the price ... literally .
0	the staff is hit or miss .
0	this is everything that is wrong with economies of scale .
0	-you will spend excessive amounts of time on hold .
0	-you may never actually speak to a doctor .
0	-no one takes any personal responsibility .
0	working with toca has led to nothing but half-baked information and a huge hassle .
0	too big for their own good .
0	you will feel like a commodity and not a patient .
0	i agreed to take an earlier appointment which took a week 1/2 to get .
0	which i could 've gotten everything taken care in one visit .
0	then i had to schedule a new appointment an additional week out .
0	my daughter likes the way she was treated but their scheduling sucks ! ! !
0	i tried to order contacts online through another company because they were so expensive .
0	stay very , very far away .
0	my husband was with me and he was so shocked he was literally speechless .
0	extremely rude , extremely poor customer service , not to mention extremely hurtful .
0	the owners/managers/whoever will be getting a letter from me shortly .
0	very rude over the phone when trying to get directions .
0	thanks for making me drive across town and getting horrible service
0	a patient for the past three years , with biannual check ups .
0	every time i leave after my appointment i ask myself why ?
0	without a doubt the most screwed up business i have ever seen .
0	their `` central '' appointment center is a disaster .
0	they have supposedly been scheduling same for three days now .
0	by far one of the worst massage places ever .
0	the lady answered phone calls and greeyed people at the door during my massage .
0	they flaunt the ability to make an appointment .
0	however , well good luck with that .
0	be sure you catch them at a good time .
0	i was treated for a leg wound by a wonderful pa , misty .
0	however , today i had some questions about the wound dressing .
0	that was over 5 hours ago .
0	they close at 6. so i called back .
0	and was told that he was `` too busy '' to talk to me .
0	i will call back and talk to misty tomorrow .
0	i know she will call me back .
0	i paid with my own funds and left .
0	i was throughly shocked that this happened .
0	what in anyone 's right mind that this was ok to say to someone ?
0	i 'm open to dialogue around it .
0	all the other doctors/dentists that have seen me have never asked .
0	i asked them to call and they said no .
0	i told them i knew my number and they said no .
0	some really great produce prices , which are what pulled us in .
0	bulk food section was small-ish , i though .
0	i think walnuts are more at rbn , though .
0	basically - do n't believe the low price claims !
0	i think we may go back for produce and that may be it .
0	parking is covered which is oh so nice .
0	one negative for families is no changing table in the bathrooms .
0	yeah , the floor was pretty clean , but still .
0	not a good thing for families !
0	do not use this lens crafters !
0	we paid a lot of money for prescription sunglasses and eye glasses !
0	we live 40 minutes away !
0	i received a text that my glasses are in .
0	my husband drove to pick them up ?
0	they told him they only have my sunglasses !
0	he leaves 10 minutes later i get a text glasses are in !
0	my other glasses were ther .
0	they never even looked !
0	we will never use this place again !
0	unfortunately the pearson eye group also will lose us as customers !
0	we spend over $ 1000 a year at lens crafters !
0	the `` quicklift '' was neither quick or a lift .
0	i look exactly the same and maybe even worse .
0	i had a similar experience that amanda f. had .
0	the first time here was odd because they had to stick me twice .
0	but eventually everything worked it ... for this first time .
0	this time , they stuck me and messed up .
0	i had to holler out for them to take care of the issue .
0	i have n't been back and do n't ever intend to .
0	this place has given me a fear of needles that i never had before .
0	just a couple people know what they 're doing .
0	they all seem to be fresh out of school or something .
0	i was told no , they had to keep rooms open for emergencies .
0	so wait , my dizzy and feel like passing out is n't emergent enough ?
0	a 2-hour wait with a mere 4 patients in the waiting room is ridiculous .
0	if i had n't felt so yucky i would have left .
0	unless they make some changes , i recommend finding another urgent care .
0	the worst receptionists are rude and unhelpful .
0	they do not waste a minute getting your money ! !
0	a disorganized rip off .
0	slowest and worst customer service ever .
0	always under staffed always slooow .
0	they have the monopoly for 2 reasons .
0	well update on the third try getting an adjustment here : 15 min wait .
0	defeats the concept of easy and fast adjustments totally .
0	i never have that problem at the charleston location .
0	damaging to the brand and annoying .
0	unfortunately that doctor was unavailable so i was paired with dr. howard .
0	( medication that contained an active drug that i was allergic to . )
0	the experience was horrible and the quality of care is non-existent .
0	this hospital does not care for its patients nor their well-being .
0	a fairly regular customer that will not be returning ever .
0	umm no sorry not ever returning
0	my unpleasant experience occurred a few years ago , and i have not returned .
0	i initially sought their medical advice on a recommendation from a friend .
0	he was wonderful , attentive , and detailed .
0	blood was taken and a follow-up appointment was set to go over the results .
0	this was the most insulting experience i ever had with a doctor .
0	she said all my levels were normal except for my liver enzymes .
0	huge red flag ! ! !
0	and i 'm talking about a glass of red wine .
0	she basically called me an alcoholic .
0	and on that list ... . hypothyroidism .
0	i have a medical background .
0	this was the worse experience i have ever been a victim of .
0	this doctor clearly did n't care about my ongoing health .
0	i do n't know if she is still there .
0	i think her name was jessica .
0	but that experience will keep me from ever wanting to return .
0	my biggest gripe was the mixing of low and high-functioning patients .
0	my doctor here , william bauer , was pretty nice yet very to-the-point .
0	a bit of an abrasive bedside manner , if you ask me .
0	i personally feel there are better facilities in the area .
0	go here only as a true last resort .
0	if you complain they send a letter saying they will no longer see you
0	sunday morning without a reservation is a 4 hour wait .
0	one person called every hour to fill spots vacated by no shows .
0	since they have nothing ready for me .
0	when i asked `` how can i prevent this from happening again ? ''
0	i called the `` hotel doctor '' last night .
0	told him my issue and he asked me to hold on .
0	the er happily took my money and helped me out .
0	the hotel doctor is a joke that just wants to overcharge desperate tourists .
0	what a horrible way to run a business !
0	it 's difficult scheduling an appointment .
0	i 'm not alone with my review .
0	i 'm not their only patient in need of care .
0	i hear the doctors at md anderson cancer center are great .
0	it 's the difficulty in getting an appointment scheduled .
0	again , the doctor i will be seeing gets outstanding reviews .
0	that describes 360 physical therapy in gilbert .
0	i was recently referred there after having knee surgery .
0	do you think i would schedule that very important appointment incorrectly in my records ?
0	i wish i could give -5 stars .
0	i waited an hour and 45 mins to see the doc , germaine .
0	he talks in circles and never explains your condition , or lack off .
0	i finally had enough and told him exactly what i thought of him .
0	horrid bedside manner , condescending , nasty , disrespectful , etc , etc .
0	really , no kidding !
0	i was so furious !
0	i have never been to a doctors office that actually had a freaking bouncer .
0	run from this office !
0	i was a patient of dr. lind .
0	looked past that and this week had terrible pain in my foot .
0	never heard from them again .
0	the park road office has terrible management and are very unprofessional .
0	i advise getting to a podiatrist who has his office managed well .
0	i have never been treated so badly by a physicians office .
0	this place is a complete price gouging rip off !
0	the environment is nice but the way they do things are almost too nice .
0	i went in for a cleaning and it took them 15 mins or less .
0	this doctor gave my phone number to a omega-3 supplement company without my permission !
0	where are your morals ? !
0	cancelling my future appointment .
0	will never go back .
0	when i asked if it was an infection , he said no .
0	overall , he was condescending towards me and not helpful .
0	hopefully my new ophthalmologist will perform the necessary tests and answer my questions respectfully .
0	my girlfriend had to splint it correctly ! ! ! !
0	i tried this place for the last time .
0	such a rip off .
0	dont go just because its convenient .
0	update : i have been a loyal customer for going on 8 years .
0	i am very pissed off , and have every right to be .
0	stay far away , and do not ever go here .
0	original : my massage therapist is jon .
0	i came out with just as many black heads as i did going in .
0	it was not worth the 70 plus tip for an hour .
0	what a horrible practice ! !
0	they schedule appointments on top of one another .
0	they ushered me into an exam room very shortly thereafter .
0	here 's where it gets ugly .
0	i 'm sitting in the exam room for a good 10 minutes .
0	i hear the door to the exam room directly next to mine open .
0	then i hear this : '' hello , mr. ____ , i 'm dr .
0	this is blatantly rude , greedy , and unkind .
0	i strapped my leg brace back on and crutched right out the door !
0	as i 'm leaving they 're yelling at my back -- - '' hey !
0	where are you going ? ''
0	so i replied -- '' i know when i 'm being played . ''
0	and kept thumping my way out the door .
0	the 2 other poor saps were still waiting in the waiting room .
0	with a 3 pm appointment like mine .
0	did i mention that someone else spoke up that had a 3:15 appointment ?
0	i got to the elevator at 4:15 pm .
0	would be the kind and polite thing to do .
0	dr. amon ferry needs a good wake up call .
0	or maybe a slap to the head or a kick to the tender area .
0	my appointment was ages ago , and i 'm still angry .
0	looks like i 'm not the only one dealing with the annoying rude receptionist .
0	anne marie does an excellent job , no doubt about it .
0	probably because the appointment i made was in a week .
0	she dare to accused me of not properly book the appointment online .
0	she said nothing was on the requested appointment .
0	i 'm always very thorough with my bookings .
0	she actually went in and changed my name to his ?
0	yup , what a moron , super incompetent .
0	she said , `` it does n't allow you to do that . ''
0	by the way , i checked again and screenshot the note section .
0	on the elements massage site breaks down by time slot and therapist .
0	i wanted anna marie , so i choose her time slot .
0	the moron started to ask me what massage pressure i want .
0	she told me , anna marie does n't do deep tissue .
0	so if i want that i have to change therapist .
0	anna marie does do deep tissue massage .
0	as you can see , super irritated with this moron .
0	trying to move schedule around for what ?
0	for her faves for have more scheduling or something ?
0	for sure wo n't be going back her to deal with this moron .
0	went there on 1/3/2014 after purchasing vouchers for myself and 2 friends .
0	the massage was not the best .
0	the pressure was inadequate .
0	we had to comply in order to leave .
0	it was very uncomfortable .
0	this place is an abomination .
0	i have had 2 showers and 1 bed bath since my check in .
0	the occupational therapy is pretty much a joke .
0	when i got to my appointment they forgot to send my x-rays with me !
0	the director of nursing is just as bad .
0	everyone i talk to here have nothing nice to say about this place .
0	things here seem to grow legs .
0	all in all , this was the most miserable medical experience of my life .
0	run , do n't walk from this office .
0	in the past 12 months alot of staff turn over .
0	? , is very depressing decor and colors and the place smells too .
0	its gone from bad to worse .
0	do n't chance it , skip this facility , for $ 6,000 .
0	+ a month , this is pure corporate greed at its worst .
0	what 's the point of an appointment time .
0	will not be rescheduling .
0	plan to taken hours off work if you go .
0	i 'm actually writing this review in regards to the x-ray tech .
0	could not believe how my mouth hurt for days after .
0	to bad the dentist has to suffer because of her techs .
0	i found this place via groupon and decided to give it a try .
0	what was not ok was an unspoken minimum $ 10 tip .
0	if i could give a rating for zero stars i would .
0	we were treated with anything but respect and dignity .
0	saw this pharmacy was near by and needed a prescription filled .
0	a cvs pharmacy on a saturday should be open , right ? !
0	the pharmacy closes at 6 on saturday .
0	i asked the cashier who was sitting on her cell phone for assistance .
0	should n't have even bothered .
0	expect a long wait .
0	i waited about 2 hours just to be seen .
0	bring a book or laptop or sleeping bag !
0	only good thing is , parking is easy and convenient .
0	are you kidding ? ? !
0	your stuff is already overpriced and it 's weird to ask !
0	i had already purchased the 3 so i wanted to finish them .
0	let 's just hope i do n't see these fools outside their job .
0	products frequently precipitate , orders are never on time , customer service is terrible
0	wow what a crazy first impression ! ! !
0	completely disrespectful of people 's time ! !
0	i went to this location a few months ago but forgot to leave feedback .
0	i was sore the next day from the spots where it was painful .
0	their office staff are rude as heck ! ! !
0	do these people ever pick up the phone ?
0	i need an appointment .
0	at this point i 'm asking the dr for someone else .
0	i did n't have to wait on evdi .
0	in ten minutes had an appointment and they where nice on the phone .
0	i still have nothing from natalie pyles , personal trainer .
0	also works out of fitness elements .
0	her facebook page is just as ridiculous as she is .
0	a group of us are getting together to present something .
0	it is may , 2017 , and still not one cent .
0	check her out on facebook , and you will see what i mean .
0	there i found 2 0f the three things i went out for .
0	i am certain that this is stomach flu not only food poisoning .
0	i had stomach flu in college .
0	i know the difference .
0	super bowl sunday was ruined .
0	i have never eaten their prepared food .
0	i never will eat or shop there at that location .
0	i am from austin .
0	i know and like whole foods , but this place is terrible .
0	first visit was quite helpful .
0	i will order from the soap company directly from now on .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	if you are thinking about bringing your compound pharmacy needs here - do n't !
0	this month i called in my refill 8 days prior to needing it .
0	they said it would be delivered on the 22nd ( a week away ) .
0	there was no delivery on the 22nd so i called on the 23rd .
0	the earliest they could get it done was in 7 days .
0	they said again , 7 days .
0	the doctors are limited in time and knowledge .
0	not to mention an average office visit is $ 175 .
0	the staff often seemed clueless and rude .
0	not sure how or if there is any regulatory organization monitoring this tragedy .
0	the selection is not terribly wide .
0	given its proximity to penmac , its tiny cheese section felt embarrassingly pathetic .
0	its price does n't seem to be competitve either .
0	one of which was a painful biopsy .
0	this has thus far turned out to be false .
0	this also has thus far turned out to be false .
0	the office staff blamed corporate .
0	corporate tried to blame the office staff .
0	not because it 's necessary .
0	they sprung a painful biopsy on me during an office visit .
0	as far as the biopsy , another requirement of bcbs .
0	i had the same screening 14 months prior .
0	again , they told me it had expired .
0	a screening that according to my age , i only need every 5 years .
0	they have also refused to explain why they put me through a painful biopsy .
0	i will also mention they use an out of network anesthesiologist .
0	she told me she 'd balance bill me for any co-insurance or deductibles .
0	that 's not balance billing !
0	i am fully aware it 's my responsibility to verify my own insurance benefits/requirements .
0	hoping other women do not end up going through a similar experience as mine .
0	there 's a reason this review is still posted here and elsewhere .
0	huge scam ! ! ! !
0	this place over charged me for services for my wife .
0	they made me feel stupid for being concerned .
0	i never received that explanation of benefits .
0	by reading the other comments it looks like they ripped off many people .
0	please stay away from this business .
0	someone should report them to the irs and the authorities .
0	was told i could cancel by submitting a written letter to cancel .
0	i told her i 'd find the number myself ( which i did ) .
0	she called me and left a couple of voicemails ! !
0	dr. zak is very unprofessional and hateful .
0	there is a difference between 'not sugar coating things ' and being completely inappropriate .
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
0	do not go here if you are pregnant .
0	i 've had three massages here over the last six years .
0	my 60-minute massage lasted 48 minutes and was below average .
0	i already paid though so i suppose i am stuck for now .
0	now the is n't anyone at reception at all .
0	i 'm leaving , this is ridiculous .
0	i threw up in the waiting room for an hour before being called .
0	the lack of knowledge displayed from the entire staff baffled me .
0	i then waiting for 20 minutes before anyone came in to check on me .
0	he never looked at me or examined to ensure i was okay .
0	the lack of knowledge , compassion , and assistance at this office is sick .
0	also.. you will wait 1 to 2 hours past your appointment time .
0	please do not go here .
0	please take a patients allergies seriously when the clearly spell them out for you .
0	oh and have you ever heard of hippa ?
0	i was seen here today by np rebecca gonzales .
0	she is unfriendly , uncaring and unprofessional .
0	i felt like she was annoyed that i was there .
0	she did not bother to hear/listen to me about my illness .
0	she had her mind made up and that was it .
0	the rest of the staff was professional and friendly and the facility was clean .
0	.. do n't think i 'll be going back anymore waste of money for sure
0	friends and i were looking to kill time before dinner .
0	it 's a little hard to see from the road .
0	honestly , this place did n't feel clean .
0	the leg/foot massage itself was not very comfortable .
0	like , it was painful and i usually have a high threshold for pain .
0	i did n't leave feeling relaxed .
0	i would n't recommend this place .
0	i was in vegas last week with three of my friends .
0	this was one of the worst massage experiences i 've ever had .
0	the employees were rude and scammed us out of our money .
0	we quickly argued this fee since it did not state it on the groupon .
0	but again the groupon did n't state anything about any additional fees .
0	yes , you read that correctly .
0	they wanted me to pay more for less service .
0	the massage was not great at all .
0	the guy i had was really rude and unpleasant .
0	this is a horrible establishment and people should go elsewhere .
0	think twice before buying this groupon ... horrible experience ...
0	sorry when did tips become mandatory ?
0	at 50.00 10.00 is 20 % why do they think they should get more ?
0	and if they do i have the right to decide that not them .
0	loved them for years now i am not returning .
0	plenty of places on spring mountain to try for massages .
0	we 'll go to another location .
0	this year being over eighty you would think more attentive treatment would be given .
0	he was given medicine that was shooting pains in his head .
0	he made his appointment with same complaint .
0	it was cancelled without notice .
0	he drove 30 miles to just be turned around .
0	nothing resolved new appointment .
0	i can find no reason for this type of treatment of a patient ever !
0	each visit i interacted with new staff members that were `` in training '' .
0	i would expect better from a board certified doctor 's office .
0	i do not recommend this facility for non invasive work performed by technicians
0	i was not happy at all with my experience here .
0	we did n't have to wait for a table and got seated right away .
0	the store looked really busy .
0	i ordered poutine and salad .
0	both of the were awful and the fries was cold .
0	the salad had no flavouring nor seasoning .
0	it was honestly horrible .
0	i would have done a better job doing a salad .
0	the fries for the poutine was cold but the sauce was lukewarm .
0	i genuinely did not like the food but thats not a major issue .
0	i 've been there before and i would 've just let it pass .
0	every restaurant had bad day .
0	i 've been here twice and their food last time was good .
0	the waiters seemed really uninterested and only came by once to change our water .
0	here is where my frustration is .
0	the bill costed me 19.78 and i give a 20 dollar bill .
0	she asked me change and i said no .
0	it makes no sense getting change for few cents .
0	she then looks at me and asks me that she wants tip .
0	i was speechless not because of the tip but because she was very rude .
0	my friends are there too and they were also asked for tip .
0	i only heard 'tip . '
0	and she said that there was a 15 % tip requirement .
0	i then ask her how much 15 % would be .
0	the tip was n't even going to the chefs .
0	which again , the food was bad .
0	honestly , i would have left the bad food get away .
0	i did tip her at the end of the day .
0	few bucks was really not the issue .
0	it was how badly i was treated that day .
0	i will not be visiting again .
0	that being said , the clinical staff at udhs is truly excellent .
0	all have been extremely friendly and polite .
0	the wait time is typically between 10 and 15 minutes .
0	the dentists are also wonderful .
0	dr. christine wankiiri-hale is exceptionally friendly and knowledgeable .
0	otherwise , i recommend their clinical expertise .
0	the customer service is poor , extremely poor .
0	first i have visited many foot spas .
0	then she said `` you want to add $ 20 tip '' ?
0	i said , i 'll add a tip when the massage is done .
0	i said , i would give a good tip if the massage was good .
0	she said , `` this is not a restaurant '' .
0	within about 2 minutes the phone rang and she ran to answer it .
0	then , came back and resumed the massage .
0	then she came back in with the phone , talking .
0	i asked if she could call that person back .
0	she said no , because it was her insurance agent .
0	i asked again if she could call back .
0	then she said to me , `` just give me 5 minutes '' .
0	she left the room .
0	i got up , got dressed and went out to the lobby .
0	i told her i needed a refund and i was leaving .
0	she told me `` you saw me hang up '' .
0	i said , i came to relax and you have answered the phone twice .
0	i really just want to get a refund .
0	she said she could not reverse the charge on my credit card .
0	so , she then reached in her wallet and gave me $ 50 .
0	she said she will try to refund $ 10 .
0	do n't go here .
0	plus the area is a bit sketchy !
0	has anyone gotten their money back from scammer natalie pyles ?
0	another lie from this fake .
0	do not sign her for personal training .
0	i just spent an evening with food poisining .
0	i had the soup/salad/cornbread combo .
0	soup was carrot lime .
0	i 'm a musician and this was my pre-show meal .
0	i thought i was doing something good for myself .
0	turns out something in the ingredients was bad or dirty .
0	i had to bow out of the show .
0	just thought if let everyone know .
0	might not be so `` fresh '' at fresh .
0	so here 's how my visit goes -- literally like 4 mins .
0	i need new shades and i have a aaa-membership -- win win .
0	i do not need a prescription , just the glasses .
0	husband stays in car because i am gon na be that quick .
0	try on a pair .
0	try on another pair .
0	have you been helped ? ''
0	and my response is `` no ! ''
0	i understand that you are going to close in 15 mins .
0	and that you have lives to live .
0	and today , you did a very bad job .
0	but today was bad ! !
0	3.25.18 4:40 pm 7700 w. arrowhead glendale , az
0	i get a reminder call for my appointment .
0	my dr. is great been visiting this practice for 15 years .
0	the front office needs a lot of work .
0	time to look for another dr .
0	absolutely some of the worst customer service i 've ever had .
0	first they repeatedly `` lost '' the credit card numbers we had on file .
0	avoid at all costs .
0	i tried to make my daughter an appointment to see the pediatrician .
0	i did n't even make it past the front office girls .
0	i guess we will just find another pediatrician that is more understanding .
0	unfortunately a very weird and average massage .
0	not relaxing therefore a low rating .
0	dr. brown was very cold and impersonal .
0	the worst experience in my entire life .
0	would give negative stars if i could .
0	try basically any other plasma center than grifols/biomat/talecris .
0	by far one of the worst doctor 's offices i 've ever been to .
0	i had no chance to ask any questions yet alone discuss my concerns .
0	she had the worst attitude i 've ever seen .
0	do n't come to this place ! !
0	the staff was friendly and the visit was quick .
0	once we got the bill though , we were extremely disappointed .
0	we will not be going here again .
0	drive just another minute south to a totally different urgent care with honest workers .
0	pretty disappointing sleep study .
0	i almost walked out as soon as i got there .
0	my husband has really good coverage and they where in plan $ 20 .
0	we wont begoing back there after that .
0	i 'm about ready to leave .
0	i 've been here since 10:00 am for a 10:15 appointment .
0	i 've been sitting in the examining room for a half hour .
0	i had hoped the waiting time issue had been resolved but it has not .
0	i 'm back to a one star review at this point .
0	i 'll find a practice that respects my time .
0	like any other whole foods .
0	atleast aj 's staff knows extensively what their product is and super friendly .
0	for organic produce i rather go to sprouts .
0	thanks but no thanks .
0	do n't use the on-line booking tool !
0	i was told to come back in 2 days .
0	calling my primary to use another provider .
0	the front desk staff are nasty , rude people !
0	as if we enjoyed going in !
0	otherwise we , would n't go in !
0	the definition of insanity is doing the same thing and expecting a different result .
0	i must be insane ! ! !
0	i 've been coming here for years and nothing has changed .
0	the front office staff is still just as rude as ever .
0	that is so sanitary ! !
0	the reviews are not exaggerated they are the truth .
0	never coming back ! ! ! !
0	went to there order corner near the salad bar buffet .
0	needless to say i wo n't be returning to this place !
0	i was absolutely upset with my experience today .
0	i went for an appointment at the chandler location , and saw dr. le .
0	do n't they have records for that reason ? ?
0	dr. le was hard to understand and did n't seem helpful at all .
0	doctor green is a joke .
0	sounds like his problem not mine !
0	i made an appointment with another doctor today .
0	i do n't see how it can get any worse .
0	is n't that what you 're there for ?
0	he ridicules people and has a really bad attitude .
0	just walked out after waiting two hours for a chest x-ray .
0	unfortunately it is the only diagnostic test you ca n't make an appointment for .
0	it has since been countless calls , 2 messages and 2 emails .
0	this `` spa '' is a scam .
0	wo n't ever go back there .
0	if you want an overpriced hack job , this soul-sucking spot might be okay .
0	blue please ... .thanx mom , that 's what i thought you wanted .
0	what ? ? ? ? ? ?
0	you 're the professionals - you did not ask the correct / all questions .
0	do not go to this walmart - they are idiots !
0	soo i go here based on reviews ! ! !
0	wish i had n't .
0	appt time for my daughter was 1:30pm ! !
0	we left at 5 mins till 5pm ? ? ?
0	took almost 4 hrs to extract 1 tooth .
0	but service was soooooo slow .
0	we will never come back here again for any dental work !
0	we were the only ones in the lobby .
0	i was a patient there for several years .
0	they have a couple great doctors who deserve better .
0	she began by saying i understand you do n't want to take a physical .
0	none of that was in the conversation .
0	she was one of the least personable people i have spoken to .
0	i found out about 3 months later that i was still without life insurance .
0	i wish doc mike had better help .
0	for the record doc mike is great , they just need better management .
0	dr. angel is a sweetheart and she has ( mostly ) an amazing staff .
0	but do n't expect any type of customer service from the girls up front .
0	if i could give a zero i would .
0	i am currently going to pick up my child from the hospital .
0	they have lied to us about everything .
0	then their story changed but i have the proof .
0	he made her think these drugs were the answer .
0	she was not following the program and they allowed it .
0	my daughter did n't like him either .
0	they told her dad that she requested to be in the outpatient program .
0	they were like a cult when it comes to her treatment .
0	there is soooo much more inconsistencies .
0	they gave her drugs against our requests .
0	but i am sure they do n't care at all about that .
0	so she will have to wait longer .
0	very bad experience..luckily i have proof of all the inconsistent stories and lies .
0	so , this two-star review is n't for her part .
0	i took my paperwork from my np and headed over there .
0	as i was leaving , i heard them still talking about it .
0	i made my boyfriend go back with me and hold my hand .
0	massage therapists are awesome but front desk is terrible .
0	sucks but it is what it is .
0	sad that i will have to find a new therapist .
0	i wanted to write a brief update of my smi experience .
0	doctor called in prescription on 4/18 .
0	told on 4/19 that i had 3 times to pick up next day .
0	friday partell called system down had to pick up tuesday .
0	tuesday told not ready will deliver thursday .
0	called friday said they would deliver between 6-8 pm .
0	what kind of service is this ?
0	it 's now been one week and a half !
0	no excuse for this bad service !
0	others reviews are on point .
0	made an appt for 4 o'clock .
0	was told to go in 15 mins early to do paperwork .
0	at 5 o'clock i was still waiting .
0	people ca n't get service without being loud and rude and complaining ?
0	if they ca n't handle their workload then do n't schedule so many patients .
0	it 's not rocket science .
0	be prepared to pay out of pocket , in addition to your co-pay .
0	well , apparently the pa office is hurting to get every dollar possible !
0	while the staff were nice the wait was ridiculous .
0	it 's close to the strip so it 's mostly out of towners .
0	avoid it if possible unless you want to be there half a day .
0	they stated that someone would be in contact with me shortly .
0	no one called me back , and they charged my card the next day .
0	i feel dismissed and disrespected .
0	i learned the hard way that dr. welker is not the practitioner for me .
0	i had been searching for a cpap provider .
0	i finally got ahold of someone .
0	first , i am very happy with the diagnostic services at this location .
0	they are good about mailing you results , which is always an appreciated follow-up .
0	this is unacceptable way to do business .
0	i still have no credit .
0	i was in a car accident and referred here from my chiropractor .
0	doctor basically told the staff to tell me to make it last .
0	why am i being blamed ?
0	oh my god are you kidding me ? ? ! ! ! ! !
0	i had the most rude lady today drawing my blood .
0	the first thing she said to me is `` whats your problem ? ''
0	i told her i was just nervous and i hate getting blood taken .
0	she told me to deal with it because nobody likes it .
0	what the hell ? ? ! ! !
0	she needs to get fired asap ! !
0	she bruised me pretty bad !
0	i do n't know why i keep going back here ... convenience i guess .
0	this place is the worst though .
0	what 's up with that ?
0	ugh , next time i 'm going to costco ! !
0	so , i stumbled in , signed in & found a seat .
0	the services they provide are good .
0	their scheduling and billing are terrible at best .
0	the results were outstanding ! ! !
0	being on time and billing though are catastrophic .
0	usually , you wait 15-30 minutes beyond your scheduled time to see the doctor .
0	unfortunately , i had another immovable appointment i had to get to .
0	so we ran through everything and she suggested i do the immunotherapy .
0	that leaves me with my billing complaints .
0	i have been there 4 times .
0	for anyone in accounting is this gaap ?
0	heck no it is n't .
0	this is irs puts you in the pokey kind of accounting .
0	this place is in desperate need of a coo and a cfo .
0	and with her care and long hair products we do n't get split ends .
0	sincerely ben the receptionist and the clients that heard you on speakerphone .
0	can i give this place zero stars ? ?
0	i could write a negative book on this place .
0	so my friend two years ago recommended this place .
0	but they started getting shady about 6 months ago .
0	a different doctor every time .
0	then he started treating me like an imbecile and showed no good bedside manner .
0	can i curse in my review ?
0	going on good faith as i do care about my health .
0	um i am not a fool , a random doing invasive work !
0	i walked out getting nothing done and went for a second opinion somewhere else !
0	glad i did as what they said was an emergency was far from it !
0	especially if you do care about your health !
0	i have been told by everyone and their mother how great redemption psychiatry is .
0	to compare , i 'm paying $ 2.50/month for my current meds .
0	unfortunately that 's not the worst part .
0	instead , i was interrogated to admit that my dad abused me .
0	that had potential to ruin one of the most important relationships in my life .
0	i challenge everyone to be aware of this next time .
0	the people are nice , but that 's about all .
0	but i guess that 's their version of express .
0	if you can find a different shop for your pedicure .
0	positives : my appointment began on time .
0	the nurse was efficient and moved with rigor , the office staff was personable .
0	negatives : the doctor was less than compassionate when it came to my issues .
0	i explained that i have chronic sinus infections that linger .
0	i explained that green/yellow mucus is in my throat and nose daily .
0	i also explained that my sense of smell seems to be deteriorating .
0	he did not address this concern .
0	i went to the desk to provide the $ 60.00 copay .
0	i asked for a print out of what i was seen for today .
0	i was told it 's not ready , but can be mailed .
0	i do not feel like my needs were met .
0	i was told its easy to find !
0	.. well it was not .
0	i tried to talk to customer care , again with the machine .. seriously ?
0	i have been spoiled by world class treatment at umc .
0	i have been a patient of dr. burns for over ten years .
0	i see her for my yearly women wellness check ups .
0	they do n't see each others patients .
0	i explained how this was an emergency .
0	which they would n't provide to me for another week .
0	i have never been so displeased with a physicians office .
0	i was about 15 minutes late because i went to the wrong location .
0	too bad because it used to be a pleasurable experience .
0	orthopedic services were average , very forgettable !
0	the billing is extremely disorganized and very poorly managed !
0	i received a bill in september for services rendered 10 months earlier !
0	otherwise , i would n't give this store a second thought .
0	their products are pretty much all overpriced .
0	these people seem to find it very hard to say `` hi . ''
0	no people skills whatsoever ! !
0	one guy in there is pretty douche-y .
0	i do n't bother to find out his name .
0	i do n't like her at all .
0	she 's real confrontational and does not care if something is bothering you whatsoever .
0	the appointment lasts for all of 5 minutes .
0	she then weighs you on a scale she bought from walmart .
0	does n't she have record of that ? !
0	she is a bit difficult to get in touch with .
0	she also charges md prices when she 's just a nurse practitioner .
0	very expensive and very rude.. would n't recommend them to anyone !
0	the women running the business is a very scary-looking and rude woman .
0	she does n't even have nice teeth herself .
0	groupon holders beware there are way better ways of getting whiter teeth for $ 100
0	this place is a scam .
0	i bought a $ 49 groupon , towards $ 1,500 towards an invisilign treatment .
0	i was dumbfounded , and left it alone .
0	extremely long wait before nurses to respond .
0	my sister is a human being and our loved one ! ! !
0	the casting team and physical therapists here have been very competent and personable .
0	others seem to appreciate him so maybe it depends on whether he likes you .
0	we found him to be arrogant and impatient .
0	other doctors had recommended surgery but we were hoping for a noninvasive second opinion .
0	she has been using it `` normally '' , and it hurts .
0	it 's been hurting since it was broken , and never really stopped .
0	she is not the type to complain unless it is serious .
0	and when she tells me something hurts , i believe her .
0	probably `` dr. haber '' did n't believe her .
0	but i suppose that comes hard to those with too much hubris .
0	the woman i talked to was very rude and showed no empathy .
0	it 's a required medicine .
0	who knows if i 'll be able to find someone or not .
0	the concept of time means nothing to this group .
0	have a 2pm app't ?
0	how about you stop booking folks in the p.m. instead ?
0	and it 's not just stockton , it 's the pa 's as well .
0	poor service culture here .
0	my advice to anyone reading : got a rash ?
0	dash off to another firm .
0	if i could give this place no stars i would .
0	this was one of the worst experiences i have received .
0	i contacted them in regards to my complimentary consultation .
0	i do not recommend this office to anyone !
0	i have no respect for dr. dalley and her staff .
0	i read the reviews .
0	one review brought tears to my eyes .
0	dr. dalley was my doctor then and thank god never again .
0	i remember my ( first pregnancy ) .
0	i was feeling strange .
0	i was sent to have blood work done and something else .
0	i took her advice she did the surgery .
0	years past and once again i was pregnant for the ( second time ) .
0	one week later i tell my mom that something does not fill right .
0	i said ; ( mom i think that i am still very pregnant ) .
0	i say to her ( what did you take out ) ?
0	i could have died .
0	please to all the women ( pay attention to your body ) .
0	i told her i do n't have medicaid .
0	she needs to get her time accurate .
0	i told her i never told her that nor did my mom .
0	she said `` oh , what did you tell me ? `` .
0	i was so ticked off .
0	i was like wtf did i just see ? ? ?
0	i could n't take anything he said seriously because of what i had seen .
0	she was so unprofessional and a straight up rude b**** .
0	i was also told my appointment would only take 30 mins .
0	well some of the other reviewers are correct .
0	i went here because of all the excellent ratings .
0	the staff was super nice and made me feel comfortable .
0	the computers were having issues that day and had problems with the xray .
0	so i never got to see why i was having tooth issues .
0	never gave me pain meds or anitbotics after i went twice .
0	so she had me reschedule again to do it again .
0	oh and she measured my cervix wrong .
0	( i always make sure my insurance covers ) they said yes etc .
0	the lady at ( prenatal valley ) had to edit all of my information .
0	they 've always told me no .
0	which is a lie because now i have a balance owed of $ 147 .
0	for the `` emergency 's `` .
0	thanks to this location i now owe all together roughly around $ 600 .
0	so thank you to all whom participated in my negative experience ! !
0	he then said they only sell the flavoring for the shakes .
0	i hope they pay close attention , as you will continue loosing patients .
0	the doctors that i have encountered have been uncaring , rude and unprofessional .
0	i will never be returning to this practice .
0	in addition i had two kids with me .
0	she barely helped me through the menu and was just unpleasant in general .
0	i will find another location to visit based on this experience .
0	***** long term patient***** be careful !
0	i started going to southview in 2012. polite , kind , fancy equipment .
0	annoying and time consuming .
0	there were 2 very bad experiences i had .
0	1 - a crown broke when i just moved to europe .
0	it was very hard to manage with it broken .
0	why do that when you know i grid my teeth ! ? !
0	he said because the top was protecting those teeth , i was fine .
0	i was n't going to get work done in europe .
0	only my back molars are touching .
0	this was not the case with southview .
0	i recommend seasoned dentists .
0	please learn from my costly error of going to this practice .
0	my experience with junction optometrists has always been poor .
0	the two optometrists i have seen were excellent ; helpful , competent and friendly .
0	unfortunately the pricing and the staff are way below par .
0	and there were a lot of forms !
0	it felt as though many of the questions were unnecessarily duplicitous .
0	again , i decided to work with them and reschedule .
0	turns out , they had n't .
0	by this point , i had given up .
0	they clearly do n't have a working organizational system , which concerns me .
0	ultimately , i decided to book with another dentist in the area .
0	i found the sales staff to be a bit aggressive .
0	maybe it 's just me .
0	she looked confused and in disbelief at what she was seeing .
0	children do not belong in a hot tub to begin with .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	outdated salon with rude , horrible customer service .
0	i asked for a trim and the result was an uneven mess .
0	save yourself , and your hair , do n't go here !
0	horrible customer service experience ; could n't even get past the receptionist .
0	refused verified insurance coverage , inaccurate cash pricing , poor attitude .
0	overall an underwhelming and less than positive experience .
0	my feet have been killing me .
0	i do n't know why .
0	now i regret it .
0	ok these people do n't speak english well .
0	she just lightly rubbed them .
0	see you soon healing touch !
0	wo n't go again .
0	my child needed some fillings and we found this dentist had positive reviews .
0	do not use them unless you have money to burn .
0	extremely poor commuunication and listening skills- highly suggest going elsewhere !
0	i never thought i 'd see the day when walgreens became classier than cvs .
0	this place used to develop photos , now it does n't .
0	once the procedure was performed , they wanted to charge me full price .
0	this made an already difficult day worse than we could have ever imagined .
0	great customer service after i called twice already .
0	managers came outside and rectified the situation .
0	they were great and apologetic .
0	it happened and that 's why good managers will address it .
0	i take back the nice things i said .
0	but this place would definitely not be my first choice after reading this review .
0	worst experience of my life !
0	dr. thomas redid an old filling and chipped my tooth next to it .
0	had to go back to fix it .
0	he sliced my tongue on the drill .
0	i ended up having to go to another dentist to fix all his mistakes .
0	he left a filling to high and messed my bit .
0	he is very rude and unprofessional .
0	i have a crazy confession to make ... . i hate whole foods !
0	i especially hate this whole foods .
0	i do n't get the love.. sorry people .
0	*their salad bar sucks .
0	their cottage cheese is runny and gross .
0	i adore menage a trois wine .
0	i typically buy it at smith 's for between 6.99 and 8.99 a bottle .
0	why does whole foods charge 16.99 a bottle ?
0	i hate you whole foods *prepared food is n't that good !
0	pizza.. sucks.. ( come on settebello is in the same parking lot !
0	) , pasta.. awful and inedible .
0	sandwiches are just ok.. just ok for these prices ?
0	nothing is that good or worth eating at these prices .
0	*i 've found expired salsa on their shelves.. expired by a freaking year .
0	just cancelled and move to fitness connection for $ 10 bucks a month .
0	serious over crowding issue .
0	been here for over 4 hours and still have n't seen a doctor .
0	they are always short staffed .
0	went there this weekend with my husband .
0	you tell them your problem before being processed.dr .
0	zima pakzad did absolutely nothing to help him .
0	an urgent care that gives no care ? ? ?
0	she told him to go to the hospital .
0	how is talking to him going to help his medical problem .
0	the place was dirty .
0	blood on the floor in the waiting room , right next to couch .
0	they office staff even had bad appearance .
0	it looked like 80 % of them rolled out of bed and came in .
0	do n't waste your time here .
0	they do n't help .
0	my original review was very positive i did enjoy my message from breida .
0	it 's they only place where my eyes came in contact with anything .
0	the former activity director was very attentive and helpful , not to mention business-like .
0	recommend all veterans to not go to this neurology center ! ! !
0	unhappy patient of va , who was reffered here , big mistake ! ! !
0	made an appointment three weeks ago to see a doctor .
0	i had to wait that long because he was very busy .
0	do not come here .
0	the office seems very old and creepy .
0	each room had a floor fan and a beat up desk .
0	one of the hallways did n't even have its lights on !
0	just completely dark , very creepy .
0	the place just looked completely deserted .
0	( at this point i was very upset and frustrated ) .
0	moral of the story ; do n't trust zocdoc with their recommendations .
0	i should 've checked yelp to see what people had to say .
0	this could 've all been avoided if i had seen all these reviews first !
0	and do n't go to this practice ! ! !
0	the most unprofessional and unpleasant experience i 've had the displeasure of living through .
0	i started treatment in november 2014 for laser hair removal on two areas .
0	other than that i was satisfied with the personal at this location .
0	now for the hair removal .
0	it did n't work - at all ! ! !
0	all of my hair is back , with a vengeance !
0	if that 's the case , then why did n't it work .
0	even the very minimal touch-ups is an understatement in my case .
0	very dissatisfied with the results .
0	they did the next morning .
0	the nurse practitioner i saw ( dr .
0	so far so good .
0	`` , he said .
0	i had him check my two moles .
0	he said we 'll keep an eye out on them .
0	again , `` what else ? ''
0	i showed him the skin tag by my eye .
0	so i wasted my pay for this place .
0	time to find a new eye doctor !
0	this place had decent yelp reviews so i went with it .
0	initial scheduling was a breeze but rescheduling was a nightmare .
0	with each call , i was asked to verify my insurance information .
0	`` it was n't recorded , '' was their response .
0	on the day of the appointment , i arrived fifteen minutes early .
0	what 's up hipaa ?
0	after the phone call she said i was not covered by vision insurance .
0	alas , i was covered and just in time for my appointment .
0	i called a week later after not hearing from the office .
0	`` one pair is finished , the other will be done this afternoon .
0	we 'll call you . ''
0	we 'll put that pair together today and call you for pickup . ''
0	meaning i was lied to the day before .
0	and again , no call .
0	i waited two more days .
0	i 'll call you this afternoon for pickup . ''
0	bummed , because they 're so close .
0	but i wo n't be going back .
0	i 'd rather have 12 unmedicated kids with add than deal with her .
0	i do n't have time to make notes about this '' .
0	if she worked for me she 'd be fired in a hot minute !
0	they even faxed me proof they were waiting on her !
0	buffy is amazing and dr. piacentine is great !
0	front office girls are not friendly .
0	probably trained by latisha .
0	i went to dr. rick office for general dentistry is great .
0	he is good and gentle .
0	now i had to go for oral surgery to close the pockets .
0	i was told no the gaurantee was cancelled when i left the practice .
0	one implant has cost me $ 7,421.00 which is horriable .
0	i do not recomend him .
0	dr. knirk is completely incompetent .
0	accuses patients of faking .
0	lies right to your face .
0	avoid at all costs .
0	this place is keeping itself in business by promoting weekly and monthly recurring customers .
0	some chiros will help you .
0	nice receptionist , but morally bankrupt premise that their business is built on .
0	dr. kotoske is terrible .
0	please go anywhere else .
0	i did a rhinoplasty a few years back and he made my nose worse .
0	my new nose looks swollen and it still hurts .
0	they did absolutely nothing but hurt .
0	i am more self conscious about my nose than ever .
0	it 's not like it 's a one time mistake .
0	he did the same exact thing to my sister 's nose 6 months later .
0	so this is a habit .
0	well it ca n't be a professional opinion when you make something worse .
0	from one civilized person to another , please do n't go to him .
0	it will save you money and time .
0	doctor-patient manners are non existent .
0	i was then told i could come in the next day to see someone .
0	dr. young was condescending and overconfident when my husband came to him for help .
0	this location in particular , was a huge disappointment .
0	think i am looking for a new office ! ! !
0	i 've been coming here for grocery once a week since they opened .
0	i buy the organic veggies fruits and chicken .
0	however , the meat price has gone up twice since amazon took over .
0	i stopped buying meat from here .
0	they went bad within a couple of days .
0	the quality of the deli is not as good as before either .
0	i got a 30 minutes reflexology , the massage itself was okay .
0	i did like the fact that the place was clean .
0	wow , for a $ 20 massage $ 5 tip is pretty good !
0	but they expect $ 15 and up !
0	but that 's not right !
0	the owner should pay them what they are entitled to .
0	one star , because you 're not able to give a zero .
0	made an appointment for a stat childrens x-ray .
0	came to the appt , and waited over 1.5 hours ! !
0	ridiculous and will never go back .
0	3 ) the doctors here are psychics !
0	they are n't very effective for eye pain !
0	you guys really are the absolute best in medicine !
0	remind me to drive right past this place if i 'm ever dying !
0	the staff is terrible .
0	they have called me twice the day of to try to get her in .
0	who is in charge of this place ?
0	my doctor recommended dr. romine .
0	i arrived this morning 20 minutes early to fill out paperwork .
0	i was told dr. romine was booked .
0	at this time i was told they would try to work me in .
0	we received none of the services that are standard with a complete physical exam .
0	the pa barely looked up while going through the forms we completed .
0	the bulk of the visit was watching her type the info into the laptop .
0	i still need a physical , a pelvic exam , and a breast exam .
0	yep , i still need all of those things .
0	all other concerns will be saved for another provider .
0	it was early but i packed up the kids and went to the hospital .
0	as though that were my fault .
0	and it 's costing me $ 175 .
0	forewarned , parents of young ones .
0	if i could do no stars i would .
0	had a hot stone pedicure from the owner ben .
0	it was the most painful non relaxing experience .
0	he cut me three times .
0	i had a prescription sent over to this pharmacy at 8:30 in the morning .
0	i showed up at noon my lunchtime to pick this prescription up .
0	the young lady helping me have no idea what workmen 's comp .
0	well it 's workmen 's comp .
0	and then i find out the prescription cost $ 35 .
0	the owner doesnt care of client who visit with the groupon .
0	totally , stay away from this so called clinic spa ! !
0	rude admin staff and very hard to reach .
0	always had to call several times and/or leave several messages .
0	always felt like i was bothering them .
0	great smoothies , terrible service .
0	everyone who works there is nice but sooooooo slow .
0	be prepared to wait 30 minutes for your smoothie .
0	we have visited many times , never had on complaint .
0	i was very disappointed & felt a waste of time and money .
0	all i got for my money was you 're doing a great job !
0	you are an ideal tmj patient .
0	just keep on managing it .
0	my oral surgeon first was one of the top at ucla .
0	it 's well worth it !
0	the hours are posted and they are never here .
0	they also never answer their telephones .
0	do n't waste your time and money on such a. u professional place .
0	twice what most dentists in toronto charge .
0	i was very happy with their service , until i shopped their price .
0	stay away from this place .
0	go to doctorcare or cholla medical instead .
0	i bought a 60-minute massage session from groupon .
0	i walked in 5 minuets before my 10 am appointment .
0	the massage therapist gave me some paperwork to complete .
0	i will never go back there again
0	i had a new patient appointment and wo n't be going back .
0	i needed a new doctor and searched online for the best female doctor .
0	finally a male doctor came in the room .
0	he was very nice but i never even found out what his name was .
0	the salon was empty , only one associate working -- `` amy . ''
0	we then promptly began the foot soak .
0	i closed my eyes .
0	i opened my eyes and saw that she was texting on her cell phone .
0	she looked up at me , said `` sorry ! ''
0	and put her phone away .
0	and put her phone away .
0	finally , two minutes later i caught her texting a fourth time .
0	that did it for me .
0	she said , `` sorry , sorry , sorry . ''
0	we ended at the half-hour mark .
0	i asked how much i should pay her for a partial hour .
0	she said twenty dollars .
0	-- -- - i did n't know whether to be angry or laugh .
0	gold spa foot reflexology , sorry .
0	i went to cdc chinook for ultrasound .
0	they told me to drink water an hour before which i did .
0	the technician was almost 40 min late .
0	no one called and said that it would be late .
0	i had to sit and be tourchered for almost an hour .
0	it 's unacceptable to tourcher people like this .
0	finally i could not wait anymore went to the bathroom .
0	i just do n't understand why .
0	for procedure like this it 's not ok to make person wait that long .
0	i ate the white food for 48 hours .
0	honestly i get a better result from the strips .
0	i wo n't be back or recommend this to anyone .
0	had an appointment at 3:30 to get my sons 15mo wellness and vaccinations .
0	i pride myself on this .
0	so this just threw me over the top .
0	this review is partially about the center but mostly regarding kenneth houchin , md .
0	my wife had a cva ( stroke ) which took part of her vision .
0	the last visit we had he back-peddled stating that her vision might improve .
0	i say `` soooo what ? ! ''
0	an idiot is an idiot regardless of title or position !
0	long story short ... do not go to dr. kenneth houchin !
0	i had my initial appointment to see ann marie for some postpartum troubles .
0	so i sat there , and sat there .
0	they let me into the counseling room and i sat even longer .
0	here ann marie was with her and said she 'd be right there .
0	it was not a great way to start rapport .
0	i never got the email to begin with .
0	i forgave this time .
0	again , i went up to the same receptionist and asked how much longer .
0	i replied that is was already 30 minutes past my appointment time .
0	but obviously she did ! ! ! !
0	seriously , so sad and ridiculous .
0	receptionist was rude , badly dressed and thought she knew everything .
0	blue cross blue shield is the worst health insurance company i have ever had .
0	when i try to go inside the door was locked .
0	i looked at the hours and they should be open .
0	a lady showed up to the door and said there was no doctor there .
0	i joined yelp for this one and only review !
0	you 're lucky my finger accidentally hit a star .
0	well , that happened , twice actually .
0	$ 1300 cash and then addition $ 47 to reattach .
0	very rude front office .
0	dishonest and unethical provider .
0	please do your research and follow your gut .
0	i wish i would have .
0	there were several red flags .
0	i would never recommend this place .
0	you 've been warned .
0	i have bruises from the classic massage - `` light to medium '' pressure .
0	also do not recommend the c and c scrub .
0	just a sugar scrub , and then you hop in the shower .
0	drink had no alcohol and was also pricey .
0	personal preference is a smaller spa .
0	do n't care for the forced 20 % tip either .
0	i will tip well for great service , but this was n't .
0	never have they answered my phonecalls or returned my calls .
0	failed to send out prescriptions multiple times .
0	staff is rude and lacks empathy .
0	doctor is a joke .
0	the nurses and doctor seemed more interested in bickering than helping my kid .
0	i 'm avoiding dignity like the plague from now on .
0	my dentist must have sold them his patient list before moving to illinois .
0	i walked in to have a crown re-attached .
0	my dentist ( b. costaras ) was not their .
0	they did have one of the dentists available to re-attach it .
0	also take notice the charge amount does not display in the signiture pad !
0	we cancelled ... and disputed the credit card transaction !
0	i typically enjoy my time practicing yoga .
0	dont waste your time ! ! !
0	worst experience ever i took my daughter who had been throwing up mucus .
0	she refused and ddnt change my prescription .
0	that the urine sample was no longer needed .
0	i called the pharmacy and was told the medicine cost over $ 170 ! !
0	so again why was it prescribed ?
0	this trip was completely worthless ! ! !
0	last time i will be going there .
0	please do n't go there
0	this facility is horrible .
0	then they have no personality when talking to you .
0	you can not make an appointment without waiting at least as week .
0	kind of ironic with how many dr and pa 's they have there .
0	needless to say looking for a new dr .
0	always understaffed , always takes at least two hours .
0	never went back ... . almost done coming here too .
0	most staff is usually kind but all are horribly slow .
0	so i have changed doctors and hope to have a better experience next time .
0	do not go here .
0	i then waited another 10 minutes before they had a student doctor come in .
0	i wait another 5 minutes and someone comes in with a swab .
0	talk about spreading disease , gross .
0	i was sooooo frustrated with my experience .
0	do not waste your time with this office .
0	the oil they used which smelled like lube made me itch afterwards .
0	it was just a bad experience .
0	i will never go back again
0	i am very conflicted writing this review .
0	this store always seems to run out of items that are in the flyer .
0	currently , potatoes are on sale but on monday they have run out .
0	same problem as some others .
0	these guys are flakey .
0	making and breaking appointments .
0	not returning calls and emails .
0	this was the most interesting restaurant i have been in .
0	super expensive for some really bland , boring food .
0	just because its vegan/vege does not mean it has to be terrible .
0	the decor is 100 % salvation army , pieced together from a thrift store !
0	and it took an hour
0	i adore and respect my physician , dr. koppenbrink .
0	the problem does not rest with him , as he recently joined this group .
0	when i leave the office , i always ask what my copay is .
0	both visits i was told there was none , as i have medicare .
0	i have spoken to the office to no avail .
0	the phones are always busy if you wish to not talk at a machine .
0	i had a very important meeting , and wanted to look my best .
0	i waited 20 minutes , and still no stylist .
0	that is no way to run a business .
0	skip this place if you really want to get your hair done .
0	i also paid hundreds of dollars in deductible .
0	when i refused to pay her extortion she put it on my credit .
0	i am still fighting this .
0	she is shady and her work is terrible ! ! !
0	i recently moved to madison and chose this optometrist office based on yelp reviews .
0	i 'll start by saying the doctor and technician were very strong .
0	i felt like i had a solid eye exam .
0	my poor review is based on the cost practices of this office .
0	i 've worn the same brand and strength of contacts for several years .
0	in this exam , they confirmed that prescription was still the right one .
0	they did not fit me with new contacts .
0	be smarter than me !
0	ask more questions about the price of the services before you go !
0	this place is horrible at so many things .
0	they are the supercuts of doctors offices .
0	it is quicker to go to a lab to get your blood taken .
0	i have had 2 female doctors that i have seen at the practice leave .
0	they push , push , push , unnecessary tests and medications .
0	upsell , upsell , upsell at this place .
0	it is a joke .
0	went to doctor zedek in hopes of pursuing cognitive behavior therapy for my anxiety .
0	unfortunately , i paid $ 150 for a less than 10 min conversation .
0	if you are looking to pursue actual therapy i would not recommend him .
0	their basic pedi does n't even include a massage .
0	extra $ 5 for that .
0	and to remove your gel polish is an extra $ 5 .
0	definitely not worth the pric
0	finally , i went in one last time , had two cavities ! ! !
0	never got them filled , and never went back .
0	she swore i was just taking it wrong .
0	i vomited all over myself at work .
0	he changed me to another medicine .
0	she then was condescending about the medicine the other doctor put me on .
0	i 'm not a doctor , i did n't choose it .
0	this medicine eventually made me ill also .
0	i emailed her about it and she did n't bother responding .
0	it 's like a factory line .
0	do yourself a favor and look for a different doctor .
0	i know i will be doing so .
0	it 's not a coincidence that she only has 1 star reviews .
0	they are very limited and only open one saturday a month .
0	after trying for six plus month i decided to just throw them away !
0	instead , i got someone who told me i need to relax .
0	at that point , i knew i was done .
0	i did n't know what to think of this after i left .
0	she canceled my next appointment due to other obligations and i was relieved .
0	i canceled my next appointment and opted out of future visits .
0	after being made a joke of , i will not return to therapy .
0	i 'm an extreme shrimp lover and i usually get shrimps from costco .
0	tiger shrimp is always not cheap even in costco .
0	when i peeled the shell i felt the softness of the shrimps .
0	the shrimps i got from costco were firm when i peeled them .
0	i was lucky enough that they did n't make me sick .
0	no more shrimps from whole foods .
0	i will start by saying that i have not used their dental services .
0	i did my research before selecting first choice .
0	i consulted with 7 different ortho clinics in the madison area .
0	dr. trent cox is great , he really is .
0	they have failed at every one of my last three appointments .
0	yes , three in a row !
0	luckily , i caught it this time around , having learned my lesson .
0	i am stuck with them for the duration , but you are not .
0	such an awful human being .
0	well , a normal person would say she was in a suite .
0	she is not helpful or understanding .
0	basically all she told me was i was wrong .
0	the receptionist was wonderful , she needs to gt out of that place .
0	guess i 'm not good enough for your help .
0	also , she is not board certified in psychiatry , nor a doctor .
0	she is a nurse practitioner .
0	however , i honestly fail to see the value of this .
0	the issue is painfully obvious .
0	whereas my yelp review was merely intended to share my personal experience with others .
0	why go to a 2 star rated hospital ? ?
0	i came here because i have been having severe leg cramps for several days .
0	if all else fails try a muscle relaxer .
0	no kidding dr.. i got that from google search too .
0	what a rip off .
0	if you want urgent relief do not go here !
0	i was admitted quickly and seen by a nurse and a doctor .
0	they administered multiple tests including an ekg and blood work .
0	the nurse on duty called the doctor on call for instructions on my treatment .
0	i am very disappointed in dignity health .
0	the dr himself seems fine & very thorough as mentioned in other review .
0	however the staff is what drove us out .
0	the wait was an hour past the appointment time .
0	the wait in the examination room was 10 minutes .
0	the dr visit was fine .
0	he asked plenty of good questions did examination & as i said was thorough .
0	wow ! ! ! !
0	so we left on that note .
0	so it is 100 % staffing issues .
0	so unfortunate that he 's good dr surrounded by bad staff .
0	bueller ... ... bueller ... ... bueller ?
0	seems they needed the original sleep study report to fill the order .
0	a week later i call vr up again , wondering what 's going on .
0	ok , i call banner and do as i 'm asked .
0	`` no , it was 8 years ago in 2005 ! ''
0	make it all one word , add a dotcom and you 're in business .
0	bottom line , valley respiratory customer service stinks .
0	do n't use them .
0	you might eventually stumble across my folder .
0	115 days since i first placed an order with them .
0	that says it all regarding their customer service .
0	which i 'm not !
0	how is this criticism a conflict of interest ?
0	liar and this is bad for your business .
0	total time twiddling my thumbs = 2 hours !
0	my journey of waiting started in the lobby .
0	time ticked by , as i tried to entertain myself .
0	repeated glances at my phone , looking up at the tv .
0	before i knew it an hour had ticked by .
0	`` hello '' , said the doctor after waiting an hour and a half .
0	i was greeted by the bill of what might be done with my teeth .
0	not going there again .
0	now i need to get the tip of another root done and finally sealed .
0	on the upside neither root canal hurt at all .
0	however years of pain made up for that .
0	yes you did a root canal as well as the one through the top .
0	this is the worse pedicure i have ever received .
0	the girl who did mine rushed it .
0	my feet are more rough than when i went in .
0	i came in with the flu .
0	he prescribed me tamiflu knowing what the side effects are .
0	i been in remission for 2 years ! ! ! !
0	with no symptoms ! ! !
0	so i 'm beyond pissed off .
0	you would think being a doctor he would be smarter than that .
0	but i guess not .
0	unfortunately i learned the hard way .
0	not even close to these pictures . ''
0	no way out on the surface , lifecenter plus seems like a decent gym .
0	however , prospective members should beware .
0	if you use the fitness area , there a some big problems .
0	2 ) the weight equipment is also old and very limited .
0	if you are looking for hammer strenth , forget it .
0	3 ) management does n't care what you think .
0	she did n't even listen to my comments .
0	do n't count on having evening care because they only offer 2 a week .
0	5 ) lifecenter plus requires a full year commitment with no back-out clause .
0	do n't join lifecenter plus .
0	impossible to make an appointment when your sick .
0	i will not be back .
0	clean facility and nice staff .
0	the girls at the desk are rude , and not helpful .
0	it felt like as if they do n't want to help you .
0	instead you get a `` here 's a brochure from the wall .
0	call these list of numbers .
0	they 'll help you , not us . ''
0	again i asked them not to contact me again .
0	i received another call in february then a letter i march .
0	this is nothing more then harassment !
0	if you like getting harassing phone calls i recommend this medical office .
0	they are unprofessional , unorganized , and flat out rude .
0	when friday rolled around i called back .
0	it was finally called in the next tuesday .
0	after two weeks i called back and asked to speak to dr. mody directly .
0	she said the appointment person only worked until noon and would handle it .
0	to get them to change it to the right procedure took another week !
0	i hope this helps steer other future patients away from this practice .
0	so extremeeley frustrated and dispointed .
0	i have been a customer for three years .
0	worst customer service ever , incompentant and lazy .
0	they never call back .
0	then i had them expediate the shipment .
0	wtf still havent sent it .
0	i feel like suing these a-holes .
0	dont trust this company with your pets livlihood they dont care anymore .
0	maybe it has new managment idk but its a disgrace .
0	this place is so unorganized it should be county .
0	the left hand certainly does n't know what the right hand is doing .
0	2 weeks later it was n't working .
0	now i 'm seeing a different dr. irons .
0	gives me now 2mg xanax .
0	she thinks she is not only a dr but a psychiatrist .
0	always she fills it and adds another medication .
0	next visit ( i could never see the same doctor for some reason . )
0	oh by now i 'm on 40mg celebs,4mg xanax and 500mg gabapentin .
0	which by the way is a joke .
0	the dumb bitch wrote me a fake script .
0	while in the exam room she told me she hated it .
0	i was too high on a dose and walks out to write my refill .
0	thinking nothing of it i did n't look at it till i got home .
0	the crazy bitch set me up .
0	my file is frozen .
0	anyway they kicked me off the program .
0	refusing to give me my medical records been 5 months .
0	and dr. snyder no longer works there .
0	i was extremely disappointed by this location .
0	i had appointments scheduled at 130 , 2 and 215 for myself and children .
0	i arrived at 115 to complete paperwork .
0	i 'm incredibly disappointed with this facility and their lack of promptness .
0	this office is so unorganized .
0	i 've been here coming here now for about 6 month .
0	but today was the worst .
0	i have to drive 45 minutes to get to this office .
0	so they tell me we 're sorry we are out of cards .
0	of course she 's like you need a card .
0	maybe you should do something so you do n't run out .
0	so she 's like i ca n't give you your shot .
0	so surprise surprise they ca n't do that either .
0	you have to make an appointment for that .
0	wich of course will be like a month out .
0	now i have to suffer .
0	after reading the review from the zarina i want to give them a try .
0	i wo n't recommend anyone to come here .
0	what 's the point of walk ins ? ?
0	i came here because i truly needed medical care and i got scammed .
0	it 's so sad what healthcare has turned into !
0	i do n't know .
0	not a good experience : (
0	on november 17 my grandmother fell ill and we visited mountain view .
0	she struggles with bowel obstructions and was in a lot of pain .
0	i told him what i knew .
0	he disregarded what i said .
0	he sent her to a bed and had nurses care for her .
0	let me start off by saying the massage was actually pretty good ! !
0	i agree with the other poster , dr. rostan has a non-existent bedside manner .
0	seems a little over-hyped in the community .
0	-their chocolate peanut butter shake is good but quite liquidy .
0	waited an hour or more for every single appointment .
0	it indeed was sears to my surprise !
0	it was the doctor himself !
0	he said `` i am trying to work too and you cancelled . ''
0	you never know who you are entertaining .
0	the owner fida is a lying , cheating , stealing bastard .
0	he ca n't live up to his promises and along with settling disputes properly .
0	very poor attitude and business professionalism .
0	go buy the product at a reliable company , not this one .
0	**please note the other review regarding his past indiscretions with the court system .
0	but he told me he did .
0	i 'm sorry i have to give this place one star .
0	the only deserving star is because dr garcia seems to care about her patients .
0	however her staff is rude , and short .
0	it 's unfortunate after 5 years but we will be going elsewhere .
0	the er has faster wait times than this office .
0	this store is in absolute chaos .
0	very hard to tell who he 's talking to .
0	waited over 60 minutes for a 4:00 appointment .
0	never even bothered to apologize .
0	obnoxious , incompetent and inefficient .
0	take your business literally anywhere else .
0	they should do the dignified thing and just close shop .
0	there is no sense of urgency what 's so ever here .
0	the front desk can be very slow .
0	some of the dr 's hate being there .
0	if you have a choice go elsewhere .
0	they have a contract with principle my dental and united ppo medical .
0	they never even billed the medical .
0	i would never go back
0	unprofessional business owners ! !
0	more interested in money than people and employees .
0	they do n't care about patients and fired loyal employees with no notice .
0	find another dental practice ! !
0	not great but not bad .
0	short : tiny cramped salon .
0	unfriendly techs but nails came out really good .
0	pretty unsanitary if you ask me .
0	long : i was a walk in for an acrylic full set .
0	they told me 10 min which was great .
0	vanessa was my nail tech and probably the most unfriendly i 've met .
0	greeted me but that was about it .
0	no small talk or even an attempt .
0	seemed like she was maybe training her ?
0	great color and shape is good too .
0	well i guess not at this place .
0	vanessa literally pushed my hands away and told me i was done .
0	honestly ca n't say i 'll be back .
0	this guy does the cheapest work possible and cuts corners .
0	i do n't know whether to blame the dr or her staff .
0	i got my labs drawn 7/31 .
0	waited 1 week , no response .
0	come 9/9 still nothing !
0	a moment of silence while she reviews it , `` oh !
0	do n't waste your time and money here .
0	i would steer clear of this office .
0	i showed up 4min before my appointment .
0	got in the room 9min after appointment time .
0	was finished 56min after the appointment time .
0	great 45min message , if you ask me .
0	in addition , their bedside manner is atrocious .
0	i encourage anyone to avoid this place at all costs .
0	if i could give a negative star rating i would .
0	at 41wks that all changed .
0	both delivered vaginally w/o any complications . )
0	the dr , on call , was dr benjamin-avery .
0	this turned out not to be the case .
0	dr avery flat out refused to induce labor .
0	she pressured & bullied me into a c-section .
0	danner also knew this .
0	i begged , cried & pleaded to not have the procedure .
0	all of my efforts fell on deaf ears .
0	i was hysterical going into , during , & after the procedure .
0	dr avery could have cared less about my fears .
0	they treated me like cattle instead of a human being .
0	and the 6 1/2 inch incision scar has left me feeling mutilated and disfigured .
0	i went in for what i thought was a kidney infection .
0	did you have one at home ? `` .
0	i will never go back to this place .
0	so i kept my mouth shut , shot him a smile and waited .
0	another customer asked him for a lid and made a joke .
0	the man behind the counter did n't think it was funny .
0	i said `` hold on , are you talking about me ? ''
0	even now i 'm shaking .
0	she offered free smoothies and smiles if i went and saw her .
0	later on that day the owner of the val vista location called me .
0	the girl went to the back to tell the owner i was here .
0	i visited dr. stowell looking for replacement hormone therapy for testosterone .
0	he said it was the best approach to my situation .
0	for seven weeks i went for weekly testosterone injections .
0	i immediately went to a traditional md .
0	foolishly , i trusted dr. stowell that he know what he was doing .
0	this fellow should not be dispensing drugs or writing prescriptions to patients .
0	clearly he should stick to being a chiropractor and dispensing vitamins .
0	out to lunch , closed early , at other office , etc .
0	stay away and go some where else .
0	i asked if there was an emergency or was this normal .
0	she said it was very normal .
0	i had rescheduled my business appointments to be on time for this doctor appointment .
0	the other patients waiting were equally frustrated .
0	i would n't have minded waiting if there was an emergency .
0	it is a matter of respect and good business .
0	she did n't care one bit .
0	do not use cardiovascular consultants , ltd !
0	i will never come back here this is ridiculous .
0	you should not come here if you have any actual plans omg .
0	also , people who have shown up after me are being seen before me .
0	they obviously triple book without any concern for their patients .
0	i ended up going to urgent care and then an opthamogist .
0	i just want to be able to see .
0	what a joke , i ca n't believe pearle bision stays in business .
0	i went in for a tooth cleaning .
0	they told me they had to do some `` medically necessary work . ''
0	not being a dentist i trusted them .
0	they assured me it did .
0	i had them double check to be sure , again they assured me .
0	i went home and researched what they were going to do .
0	i went forward with the work .
0	i was able to scrape the money together to pay them .
0	i was upset and paid in all $ 1 bills .
0	i am seeing a new dentist now who i enjoy much more .
0	wish i could rate it less then a ( 1 ) star .
0	blue cross blue shield will be notified next .
0	not happy that i can not speak with anyone when i call .
0	they do not call back promptly to setup appointments and follow ups .
0	been trying to get in all week for a med check .
0	i call again , i 'm put on hold indefinitely so i hang up .
0	i love fresh but have to say something for today .
0	hopefully the business will read this and do something for a loyal fresh fan !
0	cleaning was great but the wait was ridiculous .
0	do n't come on a lunch break people .
0	she ignored major symptoms that could have lead to serious issues .
0	it 's disappointing that their quality of work has deteriorated so much .
0	the initial psychiatry appt we booked for our son we did online .
0	ok , i 'm irritated but mistakes happen .
0	so , we reschedule .
0	we finally meet with the dr and she seemed great .
0	i book it online again per the instructions on their voicemail .
0	how are you already 30 minutes behind in less than two hours .
0	our appt was suppose to be for 1:50pm .
0	what the heck ? ? ? ? ?
0	she had us do his bloodwork weeks ago .
0	what if all this time , he 's had toxic levels in his system ?
0	i 'm so pissed .
0	she tells me she does n't .
0	how can you have proper therapy with someone in 15 minutes ?
0	this tells me she 's just in it to dole out meds .
0	so , needless to say , we 're switching doctors .
0	she had read the above review and felt we were blaming her unnecessarily .
0	i will never again go to elements massage on ft apace .
0	the owner is only concerned about herself and not her clients .
0	she would n't even call to check and find out how it happen .
0	i filed a complaint with the better business bureau and attorney generals office .
0	be careful if going here ! ! !
0	high prices i only wanted a soda !
0	fast cashier by the name of eddy though
0	nothing but a bunch of money grubbers .
0	this has gone to the point of absurd .
0	we have been told we owe a balance of $ 307 for no insurance .
0	we have insurance , we have always had insurance .
0	the bottom line , our end is taken care of .
0	they have been trained to not make appointments for people with past due accounts .
0	this is all according to our health care .
0	it 's come to the point that urgent care has become her primary place .
0	a prescription was called in to my pharmacy for me .
0	no one has ever called me with results .
0	i felt very upset about this place .
0	what i can sayservice is good but too much long time to wait .
0	we 've been going here for a couple years now .
0	i get sick of the `` up selling '' that happens when we visit .
0	a friend recommended this doctor , 15 mins on hold before i hung up .
0	could n't even make an appointment .
0	rude , arrogant and flippant salesclerks .
0	this place is ridiculous .
0	i made an appointment for 2pm and did n't get seen until 3:30 !
0	because they took 3 walk-ins before me !
0	i was even early to fill out paperwork and everything !
0	all i could think was how rude she was .
0	the only positive to this building is dr. imani williams-vaughn .
0	the nurse had no idea what i was saying and barely spoke english .
0	the location is in the ghetto but it is very contemporary designed and clean .
0	they took my sierra health and life ppo insurance .
0	what the hell is wrong with this place .
0	the ma taking vitals has no bedside manner for working with children .
0	and this place only serves children , so that 's a huge turn off .
0	the receptionist clearly wanted to be elsewhere .
0	the doctor was too fast .
0	i do n't feel like he spent even 5 minutes with us .
0	things were dusty , the floor needed a good sweeping and mopping .
0	but i do not recommend good night .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	go to urgent care clinic .
0	this place is ridiculous .
0	i was given a referral to this place for my son .
0	( already unprofessional venting to a customer ) .
0	why would i be told to call back today ?
0	are your receptionist to incompetent to schedule an appointment ?
0	which is fine because they definitely wo n't ever have my business .
0	omg i continue to punish myself and go here .
0	took 6 days to get a refill done for my son .
0	they blamed the doctor and the doctor blamed them .
0	5 visits and multiple calls .
0	and not just me but every single woman in line .
0	why oh why do i go here .
0	oh because it is a mile from my house .
0	i must like to be annoyed !
0	good thing happy was on the radio !
0	this office is very incompetent .
0	i would n't recommend this doctors office after my first visit today .
0	the ultrasound tech was pleasant also .
0	the finances generated from a maternity patient is a lot .
0	i 'm not certain this doctors office will meet your expectations .
0	this place is a zoo .
0	the lobby is hot and stinks .
0	just feels so unsanitary !
0	i had to use the restroom and that was a joyful experience as well .
0	also there were wads of wet paper towels stuck to the walls .
0	after about an hour and 1/2 we get called back .
0	i 'm not sure if a doctor or an arnp saw my husband .
0	she did n't introduce herself .
0	took about 5 min to examine his foot and ordered x-rays .
0	that was fine with us .
0	the quicker the better .
0	but we sat for another 30 minutes waiting for x-rays .
0	my husband is finally getting them done now so we 'll see .
0	i ca n't imagine i need to say anymore then i have .
0	all i can say is this place is really unorganized and filthy .
0	i bought a $ 29 groupon for this place .
0	i will not be returning .
0	i was expecting a hypnosis session with an actual person .
0	they then play a cd with a creepy male voice for an hour .
0	after getting up out of the chair i felt nauseous .
0	the blinking lights created a motion sickness feeling .
0	this did not work at all .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	do not go there .
0	the worst service , administration and they do n't have any doctors .
0	they do n't care if you are dying or not .
0	however , the receptionist believe she is a diagnostician .
0	not to put down nurses but apparently she missed this .
0	i had already paid $ 159 for nothing .
0	keep away from this place you are sure to die
0	..this place is the worst .
0	then all i got was a `` sorry '' and she hung up .
0	i normally like marc 's but the lakewood location is godawful .
0	first off the parking lot here is a nightmare !
0	there 's several blind spots when turning out of aisles .
0	i believe this is one of the reason check out here is extremely slow .
0	i also suggest to bring your own bags .
0	the bags here are as thin as tissue paper .
0	i can only compare this store to the steel yard wal-mart .
0	if you are from this area you will understand the comparison .
0	i recommend not coming here after 4pm or around the 1st of the month .
0	you will regret it !
0	i decided to find a new dr since dr.mcghee left .
0	and i know many people that feel the same way : (
0	it is her assistant and office personnel that are very much lacking .
0	the ladies that check me out after a visit are great .
0	she has not returned my call ( or whomever should ) .
0	this has been going on for years .
0	am i expecting to much ?
0	is this where our system has taken us ?
0	i then contracted with sr. dimensions and as of now they are worthless .
0	i am paying more for things that i did not pay for before .
0	so my 1 star is for the staff at this diagnostic center of medicine .
0	i would never recommend going there !
0	i came to this ob/gyn when i was pregnant last year .
0	many times they had called me to reschedule .
0	she had told me she does a lot of c sections .
0	this was a hit and miss .
0	one specifically i do not like is connie .
0	do not use this place unless you want to die !
0	they have no clue what they are doing nor do they care .
0	these people should be sued for their practices or lack there of ! !
0	slow , un-educated , rip off artists .
0	stay clear of this place !
0	you have been warned .
0	i wanted so bad to demand my copayment back ! !
0	this place does not care about you or your illness , nor your pain .
0	they are the prescription police and you will be judged ! !
0	do yourself a favor and find somewhere else that actually cares about you !
0	my rating is very valid because it was my experience with your company .
0	as a customer , we decide where we want to spend our money .
0	looks bad from the outside & gets worse when you walk in .
0	rude employees & horrible bedside manner .
0	deserves a zero in my book .
0	if this is healthcare i 'd rather just die !
0	i would just like to say that dr.lee is awesome !
0	come to find out i receive a bill for $ 50 dollars ! ! !
0	to my surprise for a missed appointment .
0	first , she never even asked me for my name or account number .
0	that is when she informed me she was also the manager .
0	i was told that i would also be dismissed from his practice .
0	bu , t more so because of his very rude staff .
0	next came another assistant , andrea , to fit my mouth with the bridge .
0	she told me it would take 20 minutes to print and cool down .
0	an hour later they came in still cooling it off .
0	i refused and just powered through the pain of putting in the bridgework .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	i was there for a little over three and half hours .
0	this seems a bit excessive to me .
0	the absolute worst massage ever ! ! ! !
0	after our massage , the people demanded more tips ! ! !
0	ive never been to any massage place that does that !
0	do n't go here , its a rip off ! ! ! !
0	it 's terrible ive never been to any massage place that does that !
0	do n't go here , its a rip off ! ! ! !
0	it 's terrible ive never been to any massage place that does that !
0	do n't go here , its a rip off ! ! ! !
0	the worst urgent care office i have ever visited .
0	all of the employees are curt , rude , and uncaring .
0	they disregarded all of my concerns and are blatantly unprofessional .
0	there 's a reason this place is so cheap and always has openings .
0	i walked out without getting a massage .
0	big may be a big outfit but not better .
0	do n't go to jeffrey russ gunter at this office .
0	i went there and it was a horrible visit i will never go back .
0	he walked out so quickly that i did n't have time to stop him .
0	she looked as shocked as i did !
0	he looked at my face , zapped a couple places and left .
0	not sure she was even licensed to do that .
0	everyone should stay away from him .
0	i 'm no nail expert so i just went with it .
0	however as time went on i became more and more disappointed .
0	at one point she asked me `` is this wedding fancy ? ''
0	so i just cut my losses and went home .
0	i arrived here in agony , which just progressed into terrible agony !
0	they let me sit in agony for hours ! !
0	then walked away & left me crying for another two hours !
0	did they offer me the tylenol !
0	i take 60 mil morphine almost daily for severe back/leg pain .
0	when nurse failed yet again ( causing more pain ! )
0	and punch her badly ! !
0	after i begged i finally got some relief .
0	noise , bright lights every thing !
0	no rest at all !
0	hopefully i 'll get a room at some point tonight !
0	so i can get some actual rest .
0	it 's just a waiting game now ... to keep you posted .
0	they do not bother to call and tell you .
0	when you go into the store they treat you without regard or respect .
0	i hope they go out of business !
0	unfortunately the overall spa experience has gone downhill .
0	there were a few highlights , but overall the experience was disappointing .
0	we were overcharged a little bit for the treatments .
0	no one was around to ask .
0	it seems like there could be a sheet with pictures or a description .
0	we also had the hammam ritual treatment .
0	definitely not the same experience .
0	since we were on vacation to spend time together , i was pretty disappointed .
0	she did make it halfway through before having to go to her massage .
0	dr. westfield should be ashamed of himself .
0	co. lasted about 2 minutes .
0	but what a waste of my time and obviously yees time
0	i had a very terrible experience here .
0	i arrived the required 30mins early for my appointment .
0	after 15mins of waiting i checked with the other woman at reception for paperwork .
0	when called back the medical assistant was friendly and kind .
0	she was the best part of the place .
0	i saw the np .
0	there were no apologies or explanation as to why the assistant was even present .
0	this is the short version of my experience .
0	i will not be back .
0	do not go to them ! ! !
0	they charged me $ 2000 out of pocket for my surgery !
0	i work and go to school full-time .
0	my sinus have n't improved and i ca n't tell a difference !
0	would never go back .
0	i 've been ignored for almost a week .
0	i 've left too many messages to count .
0	no one has responded to any phone calls i 've been making .
0	that 's not right .
0	wholefoods is already overpriced and making the dish smaller too is not helping .
0	i used to have the dish for lunch and dinner on occasion .
0	now i refuse to pay the same price for 1/2 the product .
0	i saw lori hardacker .
0	they will not perform a wellness exam without first seeing something requiring a diagnostic .
0	this was the first red flag .
0	the entry is not welcoming at all .
0	it was crowded due to obvious overbooking .
0	her examination made me feel uncomfortable as she was clearly uncomfortable seeing a male .
0	i was then sent across the street for a blood test in another building .
0	all i wanted was a physical and to establish a primary care physician .
0	makes it very difficult to relax .
0	it was a horrible , horrible experience .
0	i could not believe it .
0	not good , especially when their were plenty of seats available .
0	what 's with that ?
0	2. the prices are not reasonable .
0	e.g : the salmon salad .
0	depending on the time of day , expect long delays .
0	overall , the food is n't bad , but the service is horrible .
0	with a few adjustments , i 'm hoping fresh can recover .
0	this place does n't even deserve a start .
0	i do n't recommend this place at all they are horrible .
0	this is the last time i go there !
0	what kind of dr. does this ?
0	( both her babies were in the low 7 lbs ) .
0	she was embarrassed and wanted to cry .
0	the dr. further stated she did n't need to have any more kids .
0	dr. kristin livingston 's , manner was very hurtful and demeaning .
0	my daughter will never go back there again !
0	i will copy my original review below , then add an update .
0	`` i followed my doctor to this office when he relocated .
0	the doctors and nurses are great , but the office support staff needs work .
0	except it 's not true .
0	healthcare in southern nevada is bad , but these clowns make it worse .
0	i will not suffer or waste any more with nevada orthopedic & spine center .
0	i saw doctor lee who sent me for an ultrasound and discovered a polyp .
0	we did surgery to remove it .
0	however , this did not help with my other symptoms .
0	he ran a thyroid t3 and t4 .
0	got an abnormal result but the retest was fine .
0	a goiter with 6 nodules , one as big as a golfball .
0	now i wait the result of my fna .
0	something like that does n't grow overnight .
0	not having my hearing aids has a very negative impact on my daily activities .
0	they are extremely slow in returning to emails and/or phone calls .
0	often two or more weeks .
0	their response is that they do not have enough employees .
0	this should not be the consumers problem .
0	do not waste $ 4,000+ on zounds hearing aids !
0	instead driver leaves with no attempt to contact .
0	absolute incompetence , pizza hut must not be hiring drivers .
0	i went to matthew serrick in pretty good condition .
0	i just had one ongoing issue that needed to be resolved .
0	after my adjustment my back was hurt .
0	he 's more concerned about his practice rather than his patients .
0	i ended up with more problems than i came in with .
0	i bought a groupon for a 90 minute foot reflexology massage .
0	there was only one person working there fri. night .
0	she new so little english i could n't communicate with her .
0	she finished the last few minutes with hot stones .
0	an excessive amount of oil was dumped continuously over my back .
0	i said fine , just keep the whole $ 20 .
0	crime is a problem !
0	my babysitter had her car broken into in the dowd parking lot as well .
0	both of these events took place within the last 2 months .
0	you eventually become a `` number '' to them and not a human patient .
0	i will never use the services at that facility again .
0	beware and stay away ! ! ! !
0	i have been going to forte family practice for a few years now .
0	i have had no bad experiences until today .
0	they often have long wait times but that 's expected .
0	he diagnosed me with bronchitis a couple days ago .
0	so i came back today .
0	he did not listen to anything i had to say .
0	argued with me about the fever .
0	i also asked for a dr note extending my time off from work .
0	he left the room but left the door open .
0	i could hear him outside the room talking unfavorably about me .
0	then gave me a note saying i could return to work tomorrow .
0	i tried to explain i needed more time .
0	he did not care and refused to extend my note .
0	he is a professional while still being approachable and open to the patient .
0	i would recommend dr jeppesen to anyone with foot or ankle issues !
0	his entire dress speaks arrogance right down to no socks with his shoes ?
0	please , that went out with miami vice .
0	the man had me dismissed a few moments after he walked into the room .
0	i was angry and upset because no patient should be treated like i was !
0	it was a very short meeting that i had the pleasure ?
0	of paying for what ? ? ?
0	i could not believe the treatment i received at the core by this person !
0	i will certainly not go back to see this person .
0	hard to title him as a doctor !
0	i also got my shoes stolen from the jacuzzi .
0	i would n't recommend it or go back based on this experience .
0	by far the worst doctor office i have ever encountered .
0	the only good part about that office is the doctor dr. garcia .
0	i will never go back there ever .
0	their scam artist who bill you for things that you do n't even own .
0	they make you wait 2 to 3 hours before you even see anyone .
0	heed my warning never go there they are awful .
0	i wo n't return and will find another psychiatrist to prescribe meds .
0	so unnecessary- just nasty .
0	let me start by saying that i really like dr. garcia .
0	there is almost zero communication .
0	what does she do ?
0	while there , i called my insurance company twice to confirm this fact .
0	three times i insisted my insurance be verified through my carrier .
0	she must of known she was full of it .
0	ps ... they scammed my daughter about a year ago .
0	do n't bother with an apology .
0	excuses mean nothing when it 's obviously not a true concern .
0	fix the core problem so fake apologies are not necessary .
0	coming into the clinic was not very welcoming .
0	the ladies did not look happy and were n't very helpful .
0	i waited about 2 1/2 hrs until i was called in .
0	i waited for about 30mins until i was called back in .
0	another 30min had past and she still had not return .
0	i never saw the doctor after that .
0	i would not return to this place !
0	if it were possible to give no stars i would ! ! !
0	they have the same staff that just rotate between the two offices .
0	after dr yee prescribe me a 3rd antibiotic , my condition worsened .
0	he is short answered , indignant and seemingly complacent about his work .
0	he is not the dr. to go to if you want answers .
0	do n't go to westfield eye center unless you want to go blind ! !
0	by far one of the worst clinic 's to go too !
0	like other reviews about this clinic .
0	the wait time is way to long !
0	waiting for 5 hours is unacceptable !
0	the staff is another issue .
0	most are spanish speaking and are rude .
0	for urgent care i keep my expectations low .
0	came here because it is very close to my job .
0	i was able to be seen quickly , i only waited about 15 minutes .
0	that made me a bit uncomfortable .
0	they need to put the care back in healthcare .
0	went in to get eye exam .
0	rushed me , and tried to pressure me with upsell .
0	she suggested i just use my current glasses until after i get surgery .
0	asked girl upfront if she could straighten glasses .
0	same girl that rushed me .
0	she grabbed the glasses , rushed again and was rough where she broke them .
0	i need the glasses .
0	i told her that they should pay for breaking my glasses .
0	they referred me to an eyeglass place .
0	it seems that they just want to get you in and out and upsell .
0	no customer service skills .
0	the absolute worst hospital experience ever !
0	unacceptable when you are screaming in pain ! ! ! !
0	who do they think they are ? ? ? ?
0	we called security and now there is an investigation going on .
0	pathetic excuse for a hospital ! ! !
0	on top of all this , the place is dirty .
0	the floors had the same dirty spots on it day in and day out .
0	in one room we noticed there was a red pill on the floor .
0	never , ever will we return to this place !
0	what 's ironic is that they offer an ethics class .
0	that would be like john wayne gacy running a pre-school .
0	it 's time to look for a new urgent care for my family .
0	the messages were great .
0	professionalism was just not good at all .
0	the lady messaging my boyfriend phone rang 5 times during our session in messaging .
0	cutting me short on time , as we `` finished '' both on time .
0	my boyfriend ended up getting them anyway as they did n't ask me .
0	if you are coming here for the experience i totally do not recommend it .
0	i 'm so very disappointed .
0	i 'm beyond disappointed 2 chances to wow me .
0	two total flops i 'm done
0	if i could give them zero stars i would .
0	never again will our family be coming here .
0	my advice to them is to overhaul their staff .
0	you need people who care in there .
0	att : parent 's do not bring your kids here terrible customer services .
0	am not bringing my children 's back to this place ever again .
0	however , the last few times have not been so terrific .
0	back in june , i brought my cat in for coughing .
0	i was seen fairly quickly but the whole check out process took forever .
0	i said to her `` you know my cat is sick , right ? ''
0	and she said that she thought the kitten had an uri too .
0	then my blood started to boil , how is that better ? !
0	do i think they meant to do harm ?
0	no , but they were extremely negligent with the life of my cat .
0	the best thing about fresh is definitely the location .
0	center if you 're a student without a car ) .
0	the food is very pricey and the selection is awful .
0	i almost never find what i 'm looking for .
0	will never go to this fast med again .
0	do not recommend her .
0	i do n't trust her medical opinion after everything i went through .
0	what was i paying them for ? ? ?
0	i think jude wants doulas so she does n't have to work very hard .
0	do not listen to her advice or recommendations !
0	at the end you seemed more concern .
0	i did contact you personally and told you how i felt and no response .
0	i 've never used vials so why was i given that ?
0	just the other day i was in the drive thru and was asking questions .
0	they told me there was a line and i was taking too long .
0	how rude is that ?
0	i was really impressed with the office staff while making my appointment .
0	the man barely spoke ten words to me .
0	i was to use soap and water .
0	they would send the results to my primary care in a few weeks .
0	his bedside manner really lacks on all points .
0	i will not go back , nor will my two friends .
0	i was very disappointed in the whole visit .
0	thank you for ruining a shirt , and thank you for wasting my time .
0	my pharmacy reported that they called 3 times with no response .
0	i am looking for a new doctor .
0	the office staff seems unprofessional and uncaring .
0	i should have changed doctors last year .
0	he stated `` nothing wrong with her , use eye drops ! ''
0	my mother fell , hit her eye on a table ! !
0	she is having pain , and it 's terribly red .
0	urgent care billing as er visits .
0	be careful when come here .
0	the female owner is not honest .
0	we turned off our phone but none of the workers did .
0	the two females constantly talking to each other while massaging .
0	i wo n't recommend coming here .
0	i find when i 'm insulted it makes the customer experience tainted .
0	if i could give 0 stars i would .
0	***but only after this email ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i though i was being fair .
0	sorry i did n't give you raving reviews .
0	but a three star is still good .
0	the only thing i did not like was the lack of privacy .
0	another customer ) may not accidentally walk into the room you are in !
0	i have actually referred people to your location .
0	i will do so no longer , sam .
0	you do know that most places do have doors right ?
0	not necessarily `` those '' types of places .
0	even lower scale places such as massage envy have them .
0	**folks : take note .
0	i was liberal and forthcoming .
0	as a non asian , it can be uncomfortable for some .
0	do not come here .
0	the management is insulting .
0	i did n't want to believe it .
0	in fact , i thought every other review was nit picking .
0	i was wrong ! ! ! !
0	his reply is worth reading .
0	this is not from me , but from the owner himself .
0	sam , you 'll never see green from me or anyone i know again .
0	unprofessional reception/front office staff .
0	it has that dirty grubby clinic vibe and the staff look pretty rough too .
0	the med care ... is ... horrible care .
0	the dr. misdiagnosed my 15mo .
0	old baby twice rsv , croup , whooping cough and pneumonia ah !
0	also , watch out for nurse nicole .
0	breastfeeding , sleep , etc . )
0	it 's like you are invisible .
0	entire rack right beside register marked with orange clearance tags .
0	you would think at least products near register would ring up correctly .
0	wait for pics then wait for refund .
0	i had been going to fresh since 1999 , when nothing similar existed .
0	also dr. requested prior copies of colonoscopies .
0	gave up after 2 weeks of unreturned phone calls .
0	never respond ! ! ! !
0	would not recommend this office .
0	hours are not conducive for the working class .
0	this medical group is a mess !
0	telephone system is horrible to reach actual human .
0	frequently get stuck in phone tree , voice mailboxes full or calls not returned .
0	i am so disgusted !
0	this doctor in cvs was amazing .
0	i 'm done with this .
0	all this place wants is your money .
0	avoid this dr and her practice .
0	you will be very disappointed and will end up paying more than needed .
0	seriously ... .anyone sharing a good experience is probably a friend of theirs .
0	this office does not care about helping people and are not experienced !
0	my boyfriend planned for a romantic couples massage for my birthday last saturday .
0	the day started off very rushed .
0	it made for a very uncomfortable experience .
0	upon arrival we found that there were no chairs available for us to enjoy .
0	they have certainly gone down hill .
0	what else can i say .
0	i set up an appt to get a nerve test done of my arms/legs .
0	and he said `` oh , you are having issues with your legs too ?
0	well we can make another appt for that '' .
0	we had , and it was supposed to all be done that day .
0	his office was unprofessional and disorganized .
0	i had vaginal bleeding for 8 months .
0	at my appointment , a pap smear and annual examination was done .
0	i told them i have a family history of estrogen induced breast cancer .
0	by the way , i 'm 36 , with no prior history or births .
0	at this point , my mother insisted i get a second opinion .
0	thank god for second opinions !
0	the staff is awful , does not communicate , and has no customer service .
0	they do not care about patients and just money .
0	no continuity of care here .
0	thanks a lot medisys .
0	what a waste of time and money ! !
0	if i could give a zero or even minus star i would .
0	upset and anger is all i got out of this visit !
0	apparently this is not an uncommon complaint which is really sad .
0	last chance they 'll get .
0	i 'm driving around the shopping center and ca n't find it !
0	i also feel bad for the therapist who lost the appt .
0	she was doing well for about four weeks and then it went downhill .
0	her cancer had spread and they were not upfront about that .
0	well that is just what happened .
0	my poor mother ended up having a bleeding ulcer on top of pancreatic cancer .
0	that was the straw that broke the camels back .
0	i realize that her chances of surviving with pancreatic cancer were slim .
0	shame on them ! !
0	still sore after two days .
0	if medium is going to leave one sore , that should be made clear .
0	dr. timothy came in with a `` why are you here '' attitude .
0	interrupted me when i was talking , talked down to me .
0	she said that this is what the dr ordered .
0	never coming back here and never recommending this place to anyone .
0	absolutely worst experience ever !
0	so many issues but space is limited .
0	after xrays she went over proposal .
0	in patient column was $ 400 .
0	she explained `` medicaid makes crappy/poor quality dentures . '
0	went in to try on prototypes for uppers only .
0	to my complete shock , no teeth showed !
0	went back to try on 2nd prototypes .
0	same thing , no teeth showed .
0	i 'm far from there !
0	again , i left disappointed .
0	no appointment was made as karen said the holidays were too near .
0	it scared me to death !
0	proposal shows 5 extractions needed , but at new dentist , only 4 showed .
0	the new dental office can do it all within a week .
0	i 've been there & have seen their work .
0	karen said she would talk to carol-ann .
0	never received a response , thus , a week later i call back .
0	karen said she had told carol-ann , but has not received an answer .
0	this time i had lumps on my throat .
0	their sitting on their butts while i 'm going thru dangerous mouth infections .
0	carol-ann came on phone saying they do n't resort to blackmail .
0	there is so much more that could be said .
0	apparently an appointment time is of no relevance .
0	made appt for 7:30 and lobby was full of about 20 plus people .
0	will be going elsewhere ... .
0	dr wang is really nice and listens .
0	it 's a shame that the front office receptionists are so awful .
0	absolutely zero customer service skills .
0	any questions you have you are treated like you are bothering them .
0	it 's so bad that i am switching doctors .
0	the staff was friendly , great doctor .
0	they did n't do much , regular check up .
0	i am used to paying $ 40 .
0	and they do n't tell u that in advance .
0	will never go back ...
0	this is the worst place to ever get a massage .
0	save your money and time .
0	my husband was in a car accident and i asked to reschedule .
0	this is the worst place .
0	i 'm far from relaxed .
0	offices like this are the reason our insurance rates are outrageous ! !
0	stay clear of money hungry warner family practice !
0	the doctor was great , the office operation is a nightmare .
0	never mind the endless frustration they 've caused me , they hurt my son .
0	the doctor prescribed a medication that required pre authorization for our insurance .
0	this usually takes a day or two anywhere else .
0	after weeks of leaving messages and even speaking to her nurse , no action .
0	my 4 mo old son 's pain got so bad he stopped eating .
0	three weeks of suffering and irreversible damage to my newborn son .
0	but there 's more !
0	we very painfully fasted my baby prior to the appointment per their instructions .
0	they had no record of his appointment .
0	needless to say we wo n't be back .
0	they do not prescribe pain meds as a rule .
0	went to the pecos office and they said i was n't scheduled .
0	the quality of customer service has gone down hill .
0	the only great staff they have is joshua and darryl .
0	i hope they get it together before they lose another patient .
0	i have been coming here off and on for eleven years .
0	did the med asst lie to me ?
0	kinda seems that way .
0	i 'll update my review if i ever get this pre auth approved .
0	after doing some research and having a consultation , i settled on laseraway .
0	yes , almost two months after my first appointment .
0	without much choice , i made the appointment switch .
0	basically , the answer was sorry , but yes .
0	after that exchange , i no longer even trust the place .
0	i will never go to laseraway again ... for anything .
0	this place has been my pc office for over 10 years .
0	definitely found a different place .
0	the bad : where to begin ?
0	the front staff was confused and flustered that everyone was getting impatient and leaving .
0	it 's the norm .
0	most walmarts are at least decent .
0	first off , no wood forest .
0	they have us bank .
0	okay ... so walk to the back to grab a snack .
0	found my drink , and saw a food snack .
0	okay , i 'm an adult , i can go to a price checker .
0	does north olmsted have a price checker theft issue ?
0	walk up front , to a speedy .
0	few registers open , but a short line for saturday morning .
0	cashier was courteous , but became too friendly .
0	so , i 'm almost out !
0	use the restroom , and both stalls are down .
0	my bigger complaint is the packaging taped to the door with packing tape .
0	really ... so wash my hands .
0	four sinks , one soap dispenser all the way to the left .
0	okay ... so no paper towels in the left dispenser .
0	then none in the right ... great .
0	it 's 39 out , so asked an associate for some .
0	bare essentials are there , but disappointing .
0	this place will try and cheat you !
0	do not support their shady business practices !
0	third flag - complete lack of medical supplies such as alcohol wipes .
0	glad we do not have to deal with them anymore .
0	do n't waste your time here .
0	and then melissa to try and blame her mistakes on you .
0	looks like you are unless you just keep your doors unlocked 24/7 .
0	today may my least favorite 4th of july ever .
0	i can not stand that places like this prey on the misfortunes of people .
0	not funny and you defently are n't an actor either .
0	i went to see dr. romo .
0	a week later she still had n't called .
0	this was n't the first time i experienced this with dr. romo .
0	and when i was charged she said she would try to help fix it .
0	could n't she have told me that 3 months ago ?
0	if she could n't help she should n't have said that she could .
0	did she even try ?
0	i have no idea , but i know i wo n't be going back .
0	i felt like they did n't care , i was n't their priority .
0	the ladies at the help desk were quite standoffish .
0	would n't recommend it .
0	i paid over $ 80 for the visit while in person .
0	nearly $ 300 for one visit ? ! ?
0	how can she feel comfortable with this way of making a living ?
0	i got pain relief , support and validation .
0	i would advise any pregnant woman to stay away from dr. kuty .
0	hours said open at 10am .
0	when i arrived , doors locked !
0	a hand written loose leaf paper says `` closed for now !
0	re-opening soon '' this was 10:50am !
0	i waited 20min ... no movement .
0	still closed at 11:10am .
0	this is the first time i have been disappointed in canna .
0	let 's hope this does n't continue .
0	extremely unprofessional front desk staff !
0	if i did n't already pay my copay , i would have walked out .
0	i came back today because another doctor said this other doctor is highly recommended .
0	if you 're rich .
0	he wo n't make it cheap ... and will make it sound dire .
0	it was the care that almost killed her .
0	did i add it was friday and pouring rain .
0	this was a new injury and they were going to kick her out .
0	only by screaming did she get admitted .
0	what followed was not .
0	which she did all over the place .
0	if that were it i could have not written this .
0	what followed almost killed her .
0	for the next 3 days they gave her that laxative 3 x a day .
0	bullying her like a middle schooler .
0	i had clearly told them there was nothing wrong with her mental faculties .
0	in addition my mom needs nitro as needed if she gets heart pain .
0	she is supposed to take it immediately .
0	i would never want to be alone in either place without an advocate .
0	i think the doctors are good .
0	just the all the rest .
0	i went in with a rash on my hand .
0	i normally have a great experience at other quest locations .
0	this location needs to get their act together .
0	i hate this place .
0	i go here as little as possible nowadays .
0	now if only i could convert my husband .
0	for instance , i have a huge craving for homemade spaghetti and meatballs today .
0	so i guess i 'm going by here today , dammit to hell .
0	it 's really delicious , or it used to be .
0	i have n't had it in awhile .
0	of course , all overpriced .
0	but i guess i 'm going to be a hypocritical asshole and go anyhow .
0	i 'm so ashamed .
0	very unfortunate professional for a management position if that .
0	at least have some respect and customer service mentallity .
0	very unfortunate organized and confused at their own job !
0	do not waste your time here
0	this was my first visit to this location .
0	the facility is excellent very clean and very welcoming .
0	the nurse was very helpful .
0	we were the only ones there .
0	the doctor sat on his lazy ass for over 30 minutes before seeing us .
0	sure , ahn facilities are clean but their billing is dirty .
0	i hate upmc but they bill your carrier once .
0	way to gouge the customer .
0	time to set sail captain tony !
0	wait times are incredibly long .
0	you 're easily looking at an hour or more with an appointment .
0	we 'll probably be switching pedatricians soon .
0	and while dr. kahane may be curt , the office staff is downright rude .
0	in my experience , they just do n't answer for the most part .
0	i waited a few days to hear back , and then called them again .
0	another week goes by , and finally jennifer calls me out of the blue .
0	i got everything else in the mail , mind you .
0	it 's more likely a clerical error on their part .
0	what does that even mean ?
0	why would n't they call ?
0	i called them again ( three times ) and they never returned my messages .
0	the fourth time , they picked up and hung up .
0	all in all , a wholly dissatisfying experience .
0	would not recommend this dentist to others !
0	so far so good .
0	of course it was after 5 pm when i received the message .
0	they were able to fit me in at 1:30 pm .
0	that all took about an hour .
0	( it had been over a year since my last cleaning ) .
0	i chose this dentist based on their location and the reviews on yelp .
0	i still love dr jianu , but someone in her office has issues .
0	i really loved this dr .
0	we were so glad .
0	please , save yourselves .
0	we feel lucky for the warning .
0	i used medshape a few years ago .
0	fast forward to now .
0	well , i 'd paid for it so i 'll finish the 4 weeks .
0	today i had a noon appointment .
0	when i showed up , they had probably 10 people waiting .
0	they 're overbooking appointments and then patients have to wait .
0	i do not recall that issue from my first try with medshape .
0	gaining the weight back was my fault entirely .
0	the staff is friendly and they try to be helpful .
0	otherwise , why bother to schedule appointments at all .
0	overall , lack of patient care !
0	the operation at body by kotoske is a complete joke .
0	the week postoperative appointment was also a nightmare .
0	i would never recommend anyone waste their money here .
0	the staff did n't know my insurance after being there three times .
0	the staff was also rude and insufficient .
0	the only person there that was customer friendly was jennifer
0	they are free of fault from any actions .
0	and they get snippy if you ask them to explain the form .
0	also paid $ 10 up-charge for what amounted to 2 minutes of hot stone massage
0	i made the mistake of coming here again really only out of being desperate .
0	it 's ridiculous ! ! ! !
0	they have no consideration of your time .
0	i can see why they are rated as they are .
0	i told them this but they insisted on doing the exam anyway .
0	and not to worry .
0	i sent the prescription that they gave me in , and had glasses made .
0	mind you i paid xx the first time .
0	they have a new type machine that reads it instantaneously .
0	i then asked them what the relevance was , getting no reasonable answer .
0	only that she would take it up with administration .
0	i got the impression that she was highly intimidated by them .
0	but you can rest assured , i will not let this happen again .
0	they are obviously more concerned about money than doing the right thing .
0	really how long does it take to swipe a credit card !
0	the pharmacy seems disorganized .
0	retail clerks are nearly nonexistent .
0	in general i like cvs , but this store is terrible .
0	i 'll be moving my prescriptions somewhere else as soon as i can .
0	an infection which was diagnosed in the emergency room .
0	i received 1 bag of antibiotics .
0	which i knew was a straight up lie .
0	that doctor discontinued my treatment .
0	now my doctor had to put me back on antibiotics .
0	worst experience i 've ever had with an optometrist .
0	administer an eye drop then wait another twenty five minutes .
0	wo n't be back .
0	best part , my kid does n't even need glasses .
0	she was quick , however , still time taken away from the massage .
0	rather a continual rubbing of scrub and lotion .
0	since the sign stated gratuity appreciated , it was clearly not a mandatory fee !
0	had i seen the sign i would have said something .
0	at that point i was done and knew that i would not be back .
0	discussing patient details without regard for who is around .
0	misrepresentation of clinical staff .
0	there are plenty of better options in the area
0	i would n't have given this place any stars !
0	well this is why .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	then after all that , the doctor wants to start from square one ? !
0	never ever go there .
0	completely rude and selfish staff and doctors .
0	we have been coming here for more than 2 years .
0	extremely disappointed in the customer service aspect of this business .
0	their recording advised my call would be returned within 1 hour .
0	it was not returned for 2 days .
0	any misunderstanding needs to be recognized and taken responsibility for by the representatives .
0	if you are going to be in partnership , you must work together .
0	it was not about the insurance- it was how i was treated .
0	very rude and condescending .
0	do not go to this clinic .
0	two doctors are very rude .
0	they spoke to me as if my questions were ridiculous to ask .
0	i was in the emergency room on monday night for 22hours before being admitted .
0	she was also busy and she complained to me very loudly about that .
0	my care shouldnt be compromised because they are busy .
0	the whole experience was terrible .
0	once i got to my room the difference in care was amazing .
0	the people working on the floor are so nice , friendly , and sympathetic .
0	the difference is night and day !
0	unfortunately , i have been to this e/r many times .
0	the thought of ever having to go back to this e/r worries me .
0	she also got solution in my left eye which stung very badly .
0	she mentioned she was unaware the chemical peel had a shelf life .
0	i left feeling uneasy and disappointed at spending over $ 100 .
0	the rest of my face is exactly how it is any other day .
0	there is no tightness or redness or flaking .
0	i picked this place based off of the reviews i found on yelp .
0	that 's not very authentic .
0	had a multitude of sub-par experiences here .
0	there are a lot of eye doctors to choose from in las vegas .
0	i 'll never go to this one again .
0	do yourself a favor and do the same .
0	all i can say is , ow .
0	these people do not study anatomy .
0	the woman was literally pressing her elbow into my spine for ten minutes .
0	( probably should n't have scheduled appointment the monday after a holiday weekend . )
0	avoid this hospital at all cost !
0	it 's almost like rating a restaurant just because it has food !
0	many of the halls are dimly lit compared to other toronto hospitals .
0	the hospital also does not have dedicated parking .
0	worst experience i ever ever ever had in my life .
0	this process took literally one year .
0	this office is very unorganized and very un-professional .
0	be wary of this place .
0	the dentist is awesome , but it ends there .
0	i had partials made .
0	the partials do not fit .
0	it is the middle of february and i am still waiting for their call .
0	at 3:05 i gave up and left .
0	until coming to fdgv i had always seen an md .
0	clearly that is not the case .
0	i 'm in the market for another doctor , starting now .
0	never trust this place ! ! !
0	tried to contact them through email and phone !
0	i really hate this experience ! !
0	my wonderful rn could not say enough good things about dr. crum .
0	i can not speak about any experience regarding paradise valley ob/gyn medial staff .
0	if there is such a thing as karma , it will be well served .
0	i can not comment on the medical staff as i never saw them .
0	do n't expect quality service .
0	i would give -4 stars if possible .
0	my advise is to stay well !
0	my experience was awful .
0	the staff is unpleasant and unprofessional .
0	made an appointment but they did n't know what i was in for .
0	4 hours for 2 fillers !
0	only one doctor that shuffles from room to room .
0	this place is a total joke .
0	if i could give it 0 stars i would have .
0	they have no respect for others time !
0	i will drive across town to avoid this place next time !
0	dr marcelo is kind and soft natured but often uninformative .
0	dr pham is more firm and comes off abrupt but is definitely well educated .
0	what ? ! ? !
0	no coo 's or giggles .
0	not interested in playing just sleepy and lifeless .
0	not to mention , still congested and coughing badly !
0	we are now dealing with this for almost 2 months .
0	i just do n't feel heard or well taken care of .
0	i immediately became frustrated at her tone .
0	there was no explanation or apology for me being told the wrong information .
0	i said , `` honey ?
0	did you just call me honey ? ''
0	and she said , `` yep , i sure did . ''
0	i said `` no , not you , but the practice .
0	plus i was overcharged at that .
0	she had me so flustered and in awe at her audacity .
0	she acted like a child .
0	not a representative i would want for my practice .
0	i have never been treated like this by a service provider .
0	this could have been avoided if they used standard billing practice .
0	they do n't bill , they want payment upfront even with insurance .
0	but they did not .
0	you do n't deserve to be working with the public .
0	wish i could get my money back , left worse than i went in .
0	tried 2nd time and left without any relief .
0	purchased a month of visits .
0	i have taken anxiety medication for almost 20 years .
0	however , it was only for 3 months .
0	she said `` sorry , nothing i can do '' .
0	now mind you , i am having an anxiety attack and am very upset .
0	she freaking hung up on me !
0	and did anyone call me back ?
0	i will spread the word to anyone who will listen .
0	do not go to phoenix medical group ! !
0	most unprofessional medical organization i have ever dealt with .
0	most tend to be a bit cold and rude .
0	after today 's visit i will definitely not be coming back .
0	completely unprofessional and gross .
0	updating my last review .
0	finally got to speak to someone in dr bradford group .
0	this store carries a good selection of frames .
0	that after two weeks of getting things fixed i decided against going back .
0	i wish i could personally suspend her medical license .
0	dr. , heal thy self !
0	waited 2 hours while dr. was running late in office .
0	needed path report on colonoscopy .
0	waited another 1/2 hour for them to locate it from surgery center .
0	bad news ... do not book with this office .
0	there were 30 people in the waiting area as i left .
0	they were waiting on appointments .
0	under staffed with very rude , inefficient people .
0	this place is horrible at appointment times .
0	i asked why and he replied you 'll need to fill out paperwork .
0	first : my son had an object lodged in his ear .
0	my son was in intense pain .
0	i stopped the efforts and went to our ent .
0	second : the nursing staff and doctors are all over worked and it shows .
0	their bedside manor tends to be terse and they seem impatient .
0	fifth : they never answer the phone ! !
0	folks this place is a factory .
0	then advertise your open till 7 o'clock and at 20 after six are closed .
0	do n't go there for a flu shot .
0	slow and incompetent staff .
0	left without getting a flu shot .
0	summary : sought help and then made to feel like a criminal .
0	first - like others this place was horrible on setting appointments .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	not that should really matter .
0	talk about a feeling of betrayal when you should be trusting someone .
0	what a horrible feeling !
0	i own my home , car , and practically am almost retired !
0	i am not selling these stupid medications ... who does this ?
0	so let me summarize ... redemption psychiatry first priority is protecting themselves !
0	i will take my business elsewhere !
0	if anything , i should demand a drug test from everyone there .
0	one of the worst pedicurist ive ever encountered .
0	i was one more poke in my cuticle to walking out .
0	i had to ask her more than three times to be gentle .
0	but boy was this horrible .
0	she left my left toe burning at the cuticle .
0	and he damn response was `` oh you 're sensitive huh ? ''
0	like no mam , be more gentle .
0	im never coming back .
0	the one star goes out to the guy who greeted us at the desk .
0	i 'm so confused .
0	is this how y'all really do it out here in vegas ?
0	the money gouging started before i received any services .
0	the employees are impersonal and could care less .
0	i received a free facial certificate and 125.00 gift card for mothers day .
0	i made the appt .
0	so i was charged 55.00 for the missed appt/free facial .
0	because i had now paid for the not so free facial .
0	i did n't receive a reminder call/text for either appt .
0	they stated they could n't get a hold of me .
0	instead of charging someone for a `` gift '' they have received .
0	short version : keep track of your sessions !
0	after my last review i was given two free sessions to fix my hairline .
0	i went in the for my appointment and the tech asked the usual questions .
0	the tech told me it needed to be longer more like 10 days .
0	so i wasted my gas and time .
0	i stopped the retin a all together just to be safe .
0	that was around the time i wrote my last review .
0	i have not received a call .
0	do not ever go to this place .
0	these people just want to make money.they do not care about their patients .
0	all they want to do is make money .
0	they suck ! ! !
0	they do n't care about their patients .
0	their ma staff is trashy and unprofessional .
0	they have no heart .
0	eff you cardiovascular consultants .
0	my experience unfortunately was not good .
0	i am writing this review as a word of caution .
0	this took almost 2 months .
0	no one even checked in on me until my hubby had to say something .
0	nine patients checked in after me and were seen within 15 min .
0	it seems that everything to be done is a big deal .
0	my mom , who 's a nurse ( !
0	i 'll admit , he was better , but not by much .
0	did she ever say why ?
0	it all just seemed very strange and i left feeling unhelped and uncomfortable .
0	so much for a pain `` specialist . ''
0	simple enough i figured .
0	so i 'm guessing it 's broken .
0	meaning , they do n't deal with court mandated assessment .
0	just wasted an hour and now they have all my personal information .
0	the receptionist said she did n't know !
0	there was no hostess and 2 waitresses who just looked at us .
0	our waters never came .
0	once the food came , she never came back to the table .
0	they were out of the gf vegan desert .
0	took forever to get our bill .
0	no one said goodbye to us .
0	it was awkward , too bad bc the food was ok .
0	my experience with their care was fine but their billing is a horrible mess .
0	this has cost me well over $ 1000 out of pocket .
0	i suspect the meat has expired and they change the wrap and label .
0	from then on , i always checked .
0	more of a retail operation than a medical practice .
0	the practice really is about which products and procedures she can sell you .
0	the waiting room reminds one of the cosmetic counters at a retail store .
0	always a bad experience , but never shopping here again .
0	i finally ga e in and bought it and it smelled like rotten eggs .
0	this is definitely the most unprofessional gnc i 've been to .
0	the owner is awesome and do n't worry she will tell you she is .
0	i found a 60 min massage with hot stones on groupon .
0	the worst massage of my life .
0	mind you this was not a deep tissue massage and it hurt .
0	not one part of the massage was soothing or relaxing .
0	and i get massages regularly .
0	i received a gift card as a gift for my birthday .
0	they stated the remaining portion was left as a tip .
0	a $ 38 tip seriously .
0	now they will not do anything about it .
0	this place is a scam .
0	do not waste your time or money
0	but definitly goin to call my insurance to let them know !
0	my one star is for the staff only .
0	i have no problem with either dr pierrend or dr yonan .
0	currently looking for another office to take my dad .
0	dr. gunter is very condescending .
0	i have been to this location several times .
0	never failed i always got super sick on the weekends .
0	my last visit here ended very poorly .
0	i got a pat on the back and nose spray just because .
0	the other 1-star reviews are not exaggerations .
0	i did n't appreciate being treated like a child by the doctor .
0	the doctor did n't even ask if i was okay .
0	he walked in , admonished me , and walked out .
0	their electronic portal is awful , too .
0	( about every other month . )
0	this place consistently makes me feel like a slab of meat .
0	it should not have been such a battle to have their mistake fixed .
0	( but it did get fixed . )
0	advice : do n't go here .
0	today , three months after service , i got another bill for $ 68.00 .
0	you 're kidding me right ?
0	i 'm not paying for their pretty little office in their pretty little building .
0	i was referred to westside at christmas time when my dentist office was closed .
0	i was in terrible pain and needed an emergency root canal .
0	unfortunately , i was wrong .
0	i will never go back here under any circumstance .
0	in addition they are very pushy about purchasing your contacts and glasses through them .
0	literally the slowest and most useless office staff i have ever experienced .
0	dr. singh is not very socialable and has a terrible `` bedside manner '' .
0	he does not show any sense of compassion or personality .
0	both billie baker and marie stephens however ... the pacs ... are amazing .
0	both are friendly , forthright and show concern and care about your health .
0	i will be finding another physican .
0	because of the limited hours baker and stephens work , i have no choice .
0	the operation at body by kotoske is a complete joke .
0	the week postoperative appointment was also a nightmare .
0	i would never recommend anyone waste their money here .
0	his tone and demeanor were unprofessional .
0	the test was completed and he asked her to sit up .
0	the technicians name was jim .
0	i called immediately once i got home to speak with customer service .
0	i spoke with danielle who was very apologetic and stated that she would address .
0	the people that come and see you are sick .
0	they do not deserve to be treated the way my mother was treated .
0	dr villalobos and this dental office the the rudest of all .
0	they only care about upcharging .
0	they will recommend the most expensive route of dental care .
0	she made no attempts to communicate with me..no email or phone calls .
0	i do not recommend this office or dr villalobos to anyone .
0	do n't go to desert dentistry located on chandler rd ! ! !
0	try dr. brown at c r smiles located in glendale .
0	for the two years i 've regularly sang praise about this clinic !
0	her staff , specifically stephanie is beyond slow !
0	such a huge waste of time .
0	i will never return or recommend this clinic again !
0	stay clear especially if you are looking for a kid friendly place .
0	management needs to get the sales clerks all on the same page .
0	my total ... $ 24.90 .
0	what can i buy for 10 motherfuckin cents ? ?
0	not accepting new patients .
0	why is it so hard to find mental health providers in las vegas ?
0	on november of 2014 , i gave him $ 1000.00 .
0	( dean o'connor did not perform this duty as hired . )
0	2. help guide valentyna through therapy to complete a good evaluation .
0	( dean o'connor did not perform this duty as hired . )
0	( dean o'connor did not perform this duty as hired . )
0	note : this was verbal and partly contractiual -not all wrote out .
0	obviously , the issues were already heard and denied .
0	( page3 paragraph 3 ) .
0	dean o'conner did not help guide valentyna through therapy to complete a good evaluation .
0	i chose dr. kovac specifically as a certified practitioner of art .
0	this is the most unprofessional company i have ever worked with .
0	do yourself a favor and stay away from this place .
0	it is horrible ! !
0	giving even one star is hard for me .
0	wish i would have read all these reviews before starting my experience with lifescape .
0	first appointment was to start the skyla birth control .
0	did n't realize as a customer i needed to do her job as well .
0	hoping no one has the same experience !
0	yet not receiving a refund !
0	this place is an absolute joke !
0	they do not assist you with job placement !
0	they do not offer tutoring !
0	we just have n't had a good experience with students from there '' .
0	awesome , right ? !
0	and if anyone is seriously considering becoming a veterinary assistant- do n't !
0	you are better off becoming a vet tech or an actual veterinarian .
0	i come here because they have my medical records .
0	i 'll wear it .
0	but this place is as bad as it gets .
0	i 've talked to a number of doctors and this is n't standard practice .
0	i would n't recommend this place to my worst enemy .
0	thanks for stringing me along another week guys !
0	guess it 's really time for a new office now .
0	i leave to go to college in salt lake tomorrow .
0	dr. yee 's mistake needs to be out there for future patients to know !
0	you sir should be a shamed of yourself .
0	the procedure was done quickly and he was done within 10-15 min .
0	we were told `` it 's a very simple procedure '' .
0	operator said he 'd have the doc call .
0	so we continued driving .
0	the nurses put pressure on his eye for 5 hours !
0	yes 5 hours ad having blood & blood clots pour out of his eyelid .
0	was treating my mother to a spa day .
0	# 1 : woman checking us in was very curt .
0	had to ask her to slow down .
0	# 3 the place is filthy .
0	good thing the lighting was low !
0	the bathrooms had no toilet paper with empty rolls and toilet paper strewn everywhere .
0	# 8 essentially demand a 20 % tip .
0	oh well , will not be going back .
0	save your money , go somewhere else !
0	they are awful at customer service .
0	this even after 2 long distance phone calls .
0	needless to say , i still do not have the medication .
0	am trying to find a compound pharmacy where i live .
0	shes quite the sales woman .
0	she wrote a few prices which seems sketchy .
0	i felt highly pressured to sign and get the process started .
0	very sad that i wasted so much on this .
0	i could have paid for other bills ! ! !
0	they all seem very nice but their motive is money .
0	though a few nurses are very sweet .
0	that day i was the only poc at the center .
0	i 'm just waiting .
0	i thought that it was normal that perhaps i needed time to heal .
0	hygienist rude and unprofessional !
0	i will not step foot in this office again !
0	this place is sketch .
0	if you need a clinic close to this location try new beginings counseling center .
0	the difference is night and day .
0	they actually care and have real life experience with addiction .
0	not just your 20 year old fresh outta psychology class counselor .
0	they even give free buss passes to those who are in need .
0	i wish i had started at new beginnings .
0	better late than never at least i found them now .
0	eastern ave. # 145 las vegas , nv 89169 ( 702 ) 538-7412 .
0	went into office for cleaning .
0	i have good insurance and they still wanted to charge $ 600 .
0	i 've been an accountant for 28 years they need to hire a knowledgeable .
0	person who can be polite and know simple math .
0	my five year old could do the job better !
0	definitely wo n't be back !
0	they consistently say one thing and then do the opposite !
0	last months delivery was 4 hours late and the man was really rude !
0	made an appointment a month in advance for urgent care .
0	they cancelled less than a week away knowing i am in extreme pain .
0	we had a big group coming in .
0	been going here for a year due to my limited choices through insurance plan .
0	if i had a choice i 'd be gone !
0	if it was n't for her i would not go here .
0	i wish i could compliment this hospital .
0	my mom was in the e.r .
0	and treated by trevelyn on 8/4/2013 around 4am .
0	my mom was very dissatisfied , because no information about her condition was communicated .
0	things just got worse when she was admitted around 3pm .
0	the entire staff lacked any urgency and real competency .
0	they could not answer simple questions or respond quickly .
0	her doctor was dr. achin , her demeanor is very unprofessional and derogatory .
0	after seeing my mom had pancreatitis she put her on a unrestricted diet .
0	you can die from pancreatits and are supposed to fast .
0	but she knew she had early pancreatitis .
0	we waited all night and no test .
0	i left my information with the nurse and was never called with any updates .
0	no updates from the nurse !
0	when i arrived at about 12pm .
0	my mom had just gotten done taking the mrcp .
0	i asked to speak to the charge nurse who was myra and patient advocacy .
0	mrya did not show any concern or care for my mom 's treatment .
0	she could not tell me anything .
0	( when the g.i .
0	she did call dr. achin who could not be reached .
0	is this even legal ? ? ?
0	she said she had no diagnosis and no plan .
0	myra was also present .
0	i asked dr. achin politely if she could slow down and clarify .
0	her english is a little hard to understand due to her accent .
0	i calmly asked her why she was getting an attitude .
0	she yelled and said she was n't .
0	i looked over at myra who rolled her eyes but remained silent .
0	my mom asked dr. achin when she thought she could be released .
0	dr. achin said if you feel better now .
0	dr. achin got even more defensive .
0	dr. achin just left the room .
0	i got my mom to calm down and agree to stay .
0	i said , `` excuse me you are blaming me ? ''
0	i said i wanted to speak to risk management and patient advocacy .
0	she called patient advocacy and got voicemail .
0	she said i could leave and they would call me .
0	i said i would not leave until i spoke to someone .
0	pat , a women volunteer called and got voicemail .
0	i told her i would wait .
0	about 15 minutes later barbara streyle came over .
0	she was very professional and listened to what happened .
0	she immediately knew who dr. achin was and described her beside manner as abrupt .
0	after running another test they still could not find anything other than pancreatits .
0	she was then discharged .
0	great job mountain view !
0	no problem , rescheduled .
0	this place has no regard for their patents time !
0	came in to get contacts & glasses prescription renewed .
0	came in a few days later ... another hour wait time .
0	the oakley glasses i purchased were $ 50 cheaper online .
0	paid the $ 25 for expedited shipping ... 4 days later the glasses arrived .
0	i rarely leave negative reviews , but this place deserves the 1 star rating .
0	if i could rate it 0 stars i would .
0	left on hold for 4 minutes which is considerably long nowadays .
0	that needs to be taken off the website . ''
0	asked for next available appointment , was told 2 weeks out .
0	asked about cancellations and immediately told none available and none for secondary office .
0	was sent here for and xray for my daughter .
0	told xrays are walk-ins .
0	returned the next day around the same time .
0	this time the wait was 30 minutes .
0	checked-in and proceeded to wait .
0	my daughter finally got her xray after waiting for an hour and a half .
0	that was another 20 minutes .
0	this clinic is a sham .
0	i purchased hair laser removal with groupon .
0	i did n't finish my last two treatments , or get a refund !
0	this is terrible service .
0	usually as a new patient they give you paperwork before entering the actual room .
0	so bring a 1rst time patient i arrived to see dr tanarya at 2:30 !
0	she gave me two prescriptions one for back pain and another for muscle relaxer !
0	no one 's answering the phone .
0	miss placed my drivers license and insurance card .
0	well my first impression is my last impression of that place .
0	lol also reported to ama
0	no this is not in regards to hippa .
0	it its in regards to unprofessional rude staffing .
0	hippa had nothing to do with it .
0	all hippa forms were filled out and on file you can check with brandon .
0	worst experience ever on the phone .
0	completely rude and had no care for a potential customer .
0	customer service starts from the very beginning .
0	i 'll drive 100 miles before i ever go to this place
0	in fact there are three of us going to her from the same household .
0	i had to cancel an appointment in february due to illness .
0	but ok i said i will pay it .
0	i 'm calling my insurance company to see exactly what they paid .
0	this place was more than awful .
0	i arrived early for my 2:40 appointment .
0	the woman also included all kinds of unnecessary charges into my price .
0	this was an overall horrible experience .
0	save your time , energy and money .
0	which is a real bummer because this was so convenient for me .
0	they did n't charge me my copay at the door but remembered weeks later .
0	overall , the lack of consistency and good customer service is annoying .
0	lets see , what am i in the mood for tonight ?
0	i think i 'll start with a run .
0	oops , all the treadmills are occupied .
0	no problem , i 'll just do the stair-stepper .
0	alright , hmmm , then i 'll hit some nautilus equipment .
0	ride a bike then ?
0	do sit-ups on the mats ?
0	free weight room literally dangerously crowded .
0	fine , i 'll just swim then .
0	i spoke to the doctor for maybe 2 minutes .
0	so minus another star for inconsistent billing and communication .
0	i 've had problems with ingrown toenails my entire life .
0	i finally decided to go to a podiatrist and see what my options were .
0	my first appointment was with dr. garza and he was amazing ! !
0	my left toe looks perfect .
0	my second appointment was with dr. brewer who was less than stellar .
0	he was very personable , but my toe looks like crap .
0	i was also told it would take a year to grow out .
0	5 stars for dr. garza , but only 1 star for dr. brewer .
0	i was so disappointed in my treatment .
0	complete waste of money .
0	my kids currently go to pediatrix but i am trying to find something different .
0	i think what is killing me is they are trying to automate appointments .
0	i also filled out the online appt request an no one called me back .
0	my first daughter passed away so i am really protective of my kids .
0	another time my son had an allergic reaction to a prescription .
0	i was told within hours it would clear .
0	then it got worse .
0	well why did you say to call if it got worse ?
0	i moved here a year ago .
0	my last pediatrician office was amazing ( as i realize now ) .
0	it was just nice to know she actually cared .
0	someone answering the phone to make an appt would be nice too !
0	no customer service and humanity at all .
0	save you time and money and find someone more helpful and care .
0	this is my first and last time visiting this urgent care .
0	the girl at the front desk was rude .
0	there was also a power outage for a few minutes .
0	do n't go there .
0	first off , i visited rc of nv .
0	this was at the sienna office .
0	the office staff is not friendly except for the hispanic girls .
0	the black girls and the white girls are very rude and condescending .
0	they show little concern for their patients .
0	never wants to talk about anything .
0	will not answer your questions .
0	again , dr. loo is your best bet .
0	but overall , i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	i went in for an exam and buying a pair of glasses .
0	i selected a frame .
0	i looked as though they did not want to do business with me .
0	everybody 's time is precious
0	honestly i called 4 times this week have n't gotten a call back .
0	they seen me once and no follow up .
0	i 've requested several appts on the stupid portal and still nothing .
0	now i am 5 days without a refill .
0	do you guys realize how dangerous it is to stop taking medicine cold turkey .
0	so crazy because i seen all the bad reviews i should 've known .
0	hopefully i can find a new place .
0	he was texting and scrolling on instagram the whole time .
0	however , i found it incredibly rude and unprofessional .
0	run , do n't walk away from this clinic .
0	in the waiting room for 2-1/2 hours .
0	there 's no excuse for that .
0	office staff rude and unprofessional .
0	good for their bottom line but dangerous for patients .
0	was scheduled for a procedure .
0	i told her that i would not be going off any blood thinners .
0	she replied `` you have to '' .
0	at this point i should have cut and run .
0	what was i thinking continuing with this farce .
0	this procedure was a joke .
0	this happens as a result of improper technique used when giving im injections .
0	the procedure was rushed to say the least .
0	there was no test for retention done .
0	i vowed to never return but inexplicably discontinued the medication .
0	i know , what was i thinking ?
0	i just can not say enough about how poorly this clinic conducts its business .
0	they could 've cared less .
0	this place sucks , they cant even get their billing right .
0	you 'll see , go there .
0	i will never go there or ever recommend this place .
0	my mom & i came in for mani pedis .
0	all of the workers were very nice and welcoming .
0	we got our pedicures first .
0	a few days later the gel began to lift on the sides .
0	now a week later and they look terrible .
0	things get stuck under because they are lifting .
0	i 'm very disappointed in the quality .
0	staff are asleep at the wheel .
0	receptionists socialize at the expense of patients waiting to be seen .
0	be prepared to wait .
0	found this out the hard way .
0	still waited for over an hour after my set check in time .
0	she treated me as if i was the dumbest person she has ever met .
0	hopefully she does n't last long or they will lose customers .
0	i rarely go to the doctor and visiting this practice reminded me why .
0	i came in because i 've been having trouble sleeping .
0	i made an appointment with kate montgomery , rn , cs , fnp .
0	she was down right rude !
0	i will finding another doctor that is not so judgmental .
0	if i were you , i would pass on this facility .
0	i came in for some pain in my ear .
0	not take your time ...
0	i have been doing keto for over 6 months and having a stall .
0	my husband recommended a doctors review of my current situation .
0	i had an appointment booked almost a month out .
0	i was brought back before finishing the paperwork and met with kylie kersten fnp .
0	she was friendly , concerned and listen to my story .
0	asked a few questions and ran blood work .
0	did not mention or ask one keto related question .
0	neither negative or positive about this way of life .
0	i left feeling defeated and like i wasted my time .
0	the f/o staff did not have an opening for over three weeks .
0	i now have to wait 3 weeks to review my blood work .
0	not impressed with this office for my specific concerns .
0	this is not a keto/low carb option .
0	this place was absolutely the worst dental experience i 've ever had .
0	i have been going to the office for 4years .
0	i have never been treated so bad and with complete disrespect .
0	i had setup an appointment for may 21st , 2016 @ 1130am .
0	i could not believe how unprofessional and insensitive she was being .
0	i never said anything about my medication or what i was taking or needing .
0	she has no business working with the public .
0	she is an evil , cruel , no remorse having person .
0	mostly when dealing with peoples personal medical health .
0	i would never trust her with access to my medical records .
0	she is beyond untrusting and should never be allowed to over see other people .
0	the only plus to this place was the front desk 2as super friendly .
0	it wasnt anything serious so i didnt mind going to a nurse .
0	but his nurse didnt have very good bedside manners .
0	and she wasnt very warm when she entered the room .
0	i like a doctor/nurse to make me feel welcomed into their office .
0	i didnt get that feeling at all while in there .
0	i 'm going to try and find another doctor to go to .
0	we do n't know how long she was on both screaming for help .
0	however , i do n't believe that i did receive that .
0	i could have read that myself !
0	be aware of what can happen .
0	this is what happened to me .
0	i 've been there maybe four times .
0	each time i noticed my anxiety level would get higher .
0	the front staff are not terribly professional and had some attitude .
0	the hygienist christine is terrifying !
0	i am already nervous at the dentists .
0	all i wanted was my 6 month cleaning .
0	she tried to up sell me so hard i got up and walked out .
0	she kept walking in and out , turning the tv off .
0	she talked way to much and did everything but clean my teeth .
0	she 'd cleaned my teeth once before and was incredibly rough .
0	i was glad i walked .
0	there are several dentists in my area that take culinary ins .
0	dentists like tlc dental with very good reviews .
0	i 'll not be seen at happy dental again .
0	it sucks that my future employer uses this company for fingerprinting .
0	as if i interrupted her cellphone usage time with such an unimportant need .
0	i am 32 weeks pregnant with dr. tyre as my doctor .
0	this office is so disorganized .
0	i get to the office ... bladder full of water .
0	apparently they do n't tell you when they are running 45 mi nutes late .
0	the latest news came at this weeks check up .
0	anyway , the store was kind of dirty and sad to begin with .
0	i get my things , go thru the check-out line .
0	a modern supermarket that wo n't take my debit card .
0	silliest thing i 've ever heard in my life ... i walked out .
0	save yourself the trouble and go to a real store .
0	the staff is awesome , caring and very friendly .
0	the doctors are great , but the staff is horrible !
0	i had 2 appointments one in the morning and another one in the afternoon .
0	yet the dr. insisted on re-doing all of the same tests already performed .
0	great way to run up the bill ` ~~ ! !
0	the good : * you 'll be motivated to work out and eat right .
0	* some of the trainers are really cool .
0	* classes in the am or pm .
0	if this sounds good to you , you should definitely sign up here .
0	if not , there are dozens of training centers around town .
0	at first , they told me not to worry about it .
0	also , i never received an invite to take the program 's final assessment .
0	it 's worth it .
0	your insurance provider may offer nutritional counseling as part of your coverage as well .
0	the majority of your post is a lie .
0	integrity clearly is not a value of yours .
0	our culture at real results is better off without clients like you . ''
0	do n't waste your time ! ! !
0	patients treated like cattle ! !
0	i was there for 2 months ... saw dr tyre and her pa-c jessica .
0	tyre and jessica the pac very incompetent , ,informative .
0	wtf says that ? ! ? ! ?
0	then she left the room ! !
0	i was sitting there in my paper toga ! ! !
0	i was treated like cattle ! ! !
0	i ordered all of my records immediately and found another ob .
0	so please read yelp ! !
0	please do n't waste your time here .
0	the one star given was only to post ! !
0	wow and tyre and her pa jessica were arranging surgery for me ! !
0	i made an appointment online last week .
0	i showed up today and the appointment had not been scheduled .
0	i could have stayed , but there were fifteen people ahead of me .
0	i went to labcorp 's website and signed up for an appointment .
0	i called them to confirm my appointment and they confirmed it .
0	i was not impressed with my visit to stockton dermatology .
0	she was so rushed in my session it was over before it began .
0	they act like a smile would damage the face muscles .
0	read this for a true professional evaluation .
0	i was originally referred to the office to see dr. herrera .
0	this office will not treat multiple issues willingly .
0	in conclusion , this office does not work for me .
0	it 's like a honeycomb pattern of hyper and hypo pigmentation .
0	thank you guys for ruining my legs
0	he left off the line of what my vision is for both eyes .
0	trip and time wasted .
0	my prescription is n't right - things are blurry - bad .
0	i understand it might take a couple of tries .
0	i sure hope my file was n't sitting on the desk for two weeks .
0	as far as i know - they never found my file .
0	it was pointless since the doctor was gone .
0	does she have medical training ?
0	no option of negative rating unfortunately ! ! !
0	i bought a stair master on line , back in november .
0	paid by credit card .
0	had to call a few times to get a receipt .
0	i specifically asked and was guaranteed a home delivery .
0	i explicitly said that i can pay more just for home delivery .
0	we got into a she said/he said situation .
0	2 stars for falling out in 2 days !
0	i would never recommend this place to anyone .
0	this is the worst clinic i 've ever been ! ! ! ! !
0	because you still wait for almost 2 hours ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i dont think this is something that they should be doing .
0	there is no sense of urgency .
0	loosing documents that are supposed to be confidential and kept secured ? ? ? ?
0	is something that worry me as a parent .
0	if dr garcia will be reading this , please !
0	dont accept a lot of patients if you cant handle it .
0	*****keep the appointments on time*******
0	very difficult with a baby only few weeks old !
0	not boy that but waiting room is so tiny and always so full !
0	2. place is filthy !
0	i needed to make a bottle in exam room after waiting 2 hours .
0	so unacceptable for an exam room ! !
0	wish i had taken a picture , but new born was screaming mad !
0	4. staff over codes your visit to the insurance .
0	hubby needed underwear and insisted on penneys ( no idea why ! )
0	went up to the counter in the men 's department to pay .
0	the clerk seemed openly hostile .
0	husband asked , `` did we interrupt something ? ''
0	she said , `` no. ``
0	we wo n't be back ... .
0	the dr determine that i only needed steroids and cough syrup .
0	i knew i needed antibiotics but he did not prescribe them .
0	i am leaving this practice .
0	the epitome was when my pa said that he has problems too .
0	i tried and tried - longer than i should have to make this work .
0	i feel as though they are just a money mill .
0	if you go here be ready for long wait times and pointless appointments .
0	they only care about a copay here .
0	warner family practice is the most disorganized practice i have ever been to .
0	bad doctors , bad pt staff .
0	the doctors are a mob that want to make money .
0	dr. zoltan was curt and weird .
0	dr. armendariz was a jerk , period .
0	the pt staff does not do astem .
0	astem is a physical approach to fixing an ankle .
0	instead , all i did was strengthen to no avail .
0	so we set my appointment with her for the following friday .
0	there are tons of real spas in town , avoid this one .
0	i can see why this facility has a 2.5 out of 5 rating !
0	i called twice in one day to try and schedule a mammogram .
0	i arrive at 1:00 , was asks to sign in and take a seat .
0	five minutes later i inquired again .
0	she went in back and same story .
0	finally a woman approached the counter where i was now standing .
0	she said `` oh well we 're covering lunches right now '' .
0	that does n't sound like something that should become your patients ' problem !
0	they can do all sorts of things with computers these days !
0	i will not be returning .
0	there are too many other places in the valley that offer this test .
0	stephanie smith is a thief with horrific customer service skills .
0	i filed a better business bureau complaint , to which she never responded .
0	go elsewhere ... .please .
0	and when you are dissatisfied , please write to the bbb .
0	she does not deserve a positive rating .
0	horrible place to work ! !
0	should change their name to incomplete care medicine !
0	the medical assistant who did the lavage was terrible .
0	i guess it was 2 for 1 , an ear wash and a shower .
0	not only that i informed both the m.a .
0	can tell me this , but your pa ca n't ?
0	how can an emergency room visit take over 6 hours .
0	i have a 75 year old mother that fell and broke her ankle .
0	i have been in the emergency room since 5:30 it is now midnight .
0	how many rooms does a hospital have and why would it take 6 hours .
0	i got a standard size buddha bowl with rice .
0	there was nothing special at all about the bowl .
0	just fresh vegetables diced and marinated tofu .
0	when i get one it is just that , a splurge .
0	i work hard for my money and expect to get what i pay for .
0	my limbs received less than a minute of attention .
0	my feet and hands were 5-6 seconds each .
0	yes , i counted because my first arm felt very fast .
0	i figured it would get better when i was supine .
0	now , i used to do massage so i know this is n't correct .
0	i 've had them before and also know it 's not typical .
0	this was the worst i ever had .
0	again , i did not ask for that .
0	i know my back is bad .
0	please listen to me .
0	i opted for additional treatment on my feet , which was n't explained .
0	i thought it was a massage .
0	i did n't want that .
0	$ 20 down the drain .
0	not sure this will be it .
0	these services are too expensive to not get quality .
0	and the woman dealing with the lockers was so rude and less than helpful .
0	i feel it went downhill after that experience .
0	the hold time to schedule an appointment is beyond unacceptable .
0	i 've tried calling all different times and its the same thing .
0	i am certain you can throw down money to properly staff your call centers .
0	i will not be using simonmed going forward because of this .
0	i would give a 0 if i could !
0	i had to constantly follow up on my labs and request a call back .
0	i had labs done weeks ago and barely heard from their office yesterday .
0	only for them to refer me to urgent care .
0	the lab commented that this happens alot from derosa medical .
0	they were not real confident in handling this situation !
0	this is so dangerous !
0	they gave him very little information !
0	i had an appointment in march for some ear problems .
0	`` , she said , `` it 's for acid reflux . ''
0	ear issues are now acid reflux ? ?
0	you are kidding me ! ! !
0	i walked out of the office after 1 1/2 hours !
0	i then reported it to my insurance for fraud !
0	so that is our fault .
0	i have never received her call .
0	i would not refer anyone to derosa medica .
0	we are both looking forward to visiting with our new dr .
0	very uncaring and not loving .
0	your visit are less than 10 min .
0	pregnancy is a special time and you want to be treated with care .
0	i just found another doctor but at least client manage called me out of concern
0	this time it was extremely frustrating .
0	the techs are pleasant and did n't resolve my problem .
0	the office staff is incompetent in my experience .
0	i called 5-7-18 and left a message .
0	yeah , well bye dr scott lamprecht .
0	i will never know if you are a good doctor or not .
0	i ca n't even get mad at these people !
0	their office is run like a sitcom .
0	the receptionist was extremely unorganized - she forgot to place my order .
0	no apologies were made .
0	bad attitude and terrible customer service .
0	i 'm taking my business somewhere else .
0	i would not recommend this place to anyone .
0	may 4th i went in at 12:30pm for a physical and ekg appointment .
0	i paid $ 125 up front and got half the service i paid for .
0	3 people in lobby and 2 hours have already elapsed .
0	i advise another urgent care .
0	what 's that ? !
0	clearly we were not in need of veyo 's services .
0	i hope veyo in arizona is contacted and this issue is discussed .
0	thank you for your time and attention with this manner .
0	do not bring your loved ones here unless you want them to die .
0	my children lost their father senselessly .
0	i would not send your loved ones here ! !
0	hours are advertised as 8am to 8pm , monday through friday .
0	this is the last time we will try to take business to doctors care .
0	worst cvs i have ever walked into .
0	looks like i 'll have to take my business back to walgreens .
0	learn some basic customer service skills .
0	this is the worst eye doctor i have ever been too .
0	every single employee is so rude except for the young man named damon .
0	i finish and place packet in front of her .
0	5 minutes passed by and she did n't even touch it .
0	like as if my appointment was such an inconvenience to her .
0	they call me back and doctor is super nice !
0	do n't they want my business ? ? ?
0	i would never recommend this place to anyone seriously .
0	off putting staff is one of the worst things in a business .
0	i was n't impressed.the service was terrible .
0	she was 100 % correct .
0	just beware if you do decide to see her .
0	i have been here twice and they just rush you in the appt .
0	i asked if i can have a monday appt .
0	she said we do n't have any .
0	and her response was i do n't have any mondays .
0	i said i thought you were open mondays ?
0	just overall rude customer service and not helpful at all .
0	going to another place .
0	she had no idea what she was doing ! !
0	and had an attitude with me for it ! !
0	this place does n't get that idea ! !
0	very disappointed in the customer service here today .
0	the staff member then warned me to not wake up the ferrets , etc .
0	just a very strange interaction that made me feel like a complete moron !
0	this dentist advertises $ 39 x-ray and exam for first time patients without insurance .
0	i was quoted 99 dollars and that included the full x-ray and exam .
0	the front office completed the appointment card including writing down the price .
0	i completed the forms the day prior .
0	i will update this after i hear from the dr .
0	a request was sent to him to contact me via his web site .
0	some staff members seem to have difficulty acknowledging the patient .
0	this office is so disorganized and just unprofessional .
0	i have an auto-immune disease which requires monthly blood tests and daily meds .
0	new ownership is terrible ( north ) .
0	my son and i returned and she was eating a cob of corn .
0	she asked to walk on my son 's back .
0	never have i asked for a refund on a massage , but i did .
0	unfortunately , the owner would not even return my emails or phone calls .
0	sadly , no one is left from the original ownership .
0	i didnt see the doctor i came in for labs .
0	office visit and labs .
0	she also has an attitude !
0	that black lady should not be even working up front !
0	she did n't offer my arm like these other reviews .
0	i 'm not kidding when i say extension size pieces of hair .
0	my best friend immediately saw the chunks on my head .
0	this was completely intentional .
0	she should be hit by a truck .
0	i do n't really recommend this clinic at least for hair removal .
0	this place is the worst .
0	i dread my visits .
0	came in for an x-ray of my sons neck that was ordered stat .
0	office was not busy and was told it would be 20 minutes tops .
0	we waited over an hour before finally being called back for the xray .
0	made it very clear they do n't really care about business or customer care .
0	i have had better and faster service in a busy ed .
0	would recommend avoiding this office and choosing another location .
0	and insisted i stay for ten more minutes for the foot massage .
0	do not go there ! !
0	definitely would not recommend dr. kaplan .
0	all in all , this left me with a very bad experience .
0	they committed to do some work for us and then would n't return calls .
0	once they finally agreed to a start date they never showed .
0	we then set another date for the work and they did n't show again .
0	no advance notice that they would n't be able to keep their commitment .
0	on top of that , the quality of service here is pathetic .
0	i would n't come here again .
0	you have to leave a message each and every time ... and wait .
0	the morning of the appt .
0	no one attempted to show they cared .
0	stating that his appt .
0	needed to be rescheduled .
0	my dad received no such communication .
0	we were patients with pearl stein for a few years maybe like 3 years .
0	needless to say mothers instincts should mean something .
0	we have had the best care now with our new doctors .
0	or getting a second opinion go find the top doctors in town .
0	there are many peds that do see their own kids in at hospitals
0	do n't even waste your time using his service .
0	he never showed up and then stopped answering calls and texts .
0	nurses do not have basic skills of being able to communicate effectively .
0	came in at about 6pm on sunday evening .
0	they were the trays to refill and replace foods in the food bar .
0	the food bar also did n't have but a few of the dishes labeled .
0	it seemed no nicer than any other grocery store .
0	the check out stands were not neatly organized or clean .
0	it should be several notches above a normal grocery store in terms of presentation .
0	that cart of food i mentioned at the beginning ?
0	the ma takes me to the back , ask me why am i here .
0	i say chest pain , dizziness and issues with sleep .
0	she says and i kid you not , can you pick one reason ?
0	you have to make other appts for all the diff reasons .
0	i said but those are my symptoms ! !
0	appt over ! ! ! ! !
0	what the heck was that ? ? ?
0	i told her she was a horrible person and left crying .
0	i went there and got the full body massage .
0	we will never be back .
0	it 's a great classes !
0	but ! ! ! !
0	they will ask from you only $ 77 dollars for unlimited 28 days workout .
0	it does n't say that it 's only first month or for new clients !
0	this is the worst that i 've ever been to .
0	they should have at least put the shade down .
0	i left there feeling as stressed as i was walking in .
0	terrible service , all they wanted was a tip .
0	not worth the groupon i purchased .
0	they did n't even explain the detox process .
0	do n't waste your money here..
0	`` because the doctors were swapping systems . ''
0	they never even looked at the reason why were visiting either .
0	it was `` oh you 're wife is fat . ''
0	but we 're here about a boil on her leg ...
0	okay about my bill `` diabetes ! ! ! ! ''
0	and this ingrown toenail `` diabetes ! ! ! ! ''
0	or this weird hair `` diabetes ! ! ! ! ''
0	no they never actually looked at anything .
0	never saw jurani either it was always some backwards ass nurse practicioner .
0	so here 's the real question ?
0	why am i charged for only half the year ?
0	well you know the answer i got ... .
0	i have never really had issues here .
0	but the last two times i came here it was just terrible .
0	2 ) i just received probably the worst massages ever !
0	i am a member there and this was terrible !
0	if they can fix my issue that would be great !
0	do n't call them !
0	they ca n't even see if your insurance is covered .
0	they make you do all the work .
0	what a disappointment ! ! !
0	please do n't spend your money where they are so very un- generous .
0	the owner , he is not gracious .
0	support somewhere led by someone who cares for you while taking cash only .
0	our experience was extremely negative .
0	firstly , throughout the entire consultation we were exposed to observing medical students .
0	this is fine if one is asked first and then consents .
0	we were n't asked and did n't consent .
0	dr christensen essentially bullied us , insisting that they be present .
0	the patient did n't feel respected as a client .
0	but here 's the reason i decided i would absolutely submit a negative review .
0	the patient had suffered needlessly for months .
0	in fact we were quite seriously misled .
0	one star feels generous .
0	i have a problem with liars and not being showed respect .
0	i left their office shortly after as did my brother and grandparents .
0	do n't go here if you have a job ... or a life .
0	atrocious front office staff .
0	extremely unprofessional and need training .
0	no message to be found .
0	they could care less .
0	please please please avoid this place at all cost ! !
0	no problem with dr.hamburg 's care .
0	when i complained to the office manager , she was extremely rude ! !
0	because of her anti-patient attitude , i will not be back .
0	why will they not honor something i already paid for ?
0	i take sublingual allergy drops which require a number of special requirements .
0	i asked to be treated via this method because of my busy travel schedule .
0	however , it has proved to be nothing but trouble for me .
0	i was told by the lab it is a legal requirement to do so .
0	many of the site 's instructions and forms require a medical office membership .
0	i have not managed to find any such legal requirement .
0	neither seem to exist .
0	i would not advise anyone go here .
0	this place is the worst place to get scrubs ! !
0	the gentleman working was clueless and very inconsiderate ! !
0	this customer service is awful ! !
0	thanks for ripping me off !
0	i 'm just not a fan of marc 's .
0	whenever i go the queues are so long .
0	the `` new '' conveyor belts they got are old .
0	they need a self-check out lane and i might consider trying the place again .
0	i agree with corey , the office is very disorganized .
0	neither the doctor nor the nurse seemed to know what they were doing .
0	based on my results they prescribe you certain medication .
0	it was way 2 expensive but i agreed on getting it anyways .
0	the medication is shipped to u from out of town .
0	you do not even want to know how much medication costs .
0	its not like i have them lined up ready to go to his office .
0	that is his job ! !
0	the blood work is about $ 2000 and with insurance i paid $ 200 .
0	they just left me hanging .
0	i do n't know .
0	maybe cause i was n't doing his job ( promoting his business ) .
0	again , i do n't know .
0	i highly suggest to stay away from this place as far as possible .
0	they are very professional and have been doing this for a long time .
0	insurance is accepted ( unlike lifexmd shadyville ) .
0	this office has horrible customer service .
0	first off i had a appointment at 4pm .
0	they schedule 15 kids at the same time .
0	my name , which i wrote 30 minutes ago , is not there .
0	but wait i was never called .
0	omg i almost exploded .
0	how ridiculous and incompetent .
0	you can also expect the billing department to get it wrong too .
0	i recently had a baby and am not impressed with their care for newborns/babies .
0	i do n't recommend palo verde pediatrics .
0	everything they 've assembled is coming undone .
0	upon leaving my review , i was called by the owner and threatened .
0	we will be seeking damages for monetary loss .
0	months after we completed work and you may have asked for more .
0	please do n't makecthis hard on everyone . ''
0	he called me a crybaby bitch , a fuckin pussy , a woman .
0	all he wanted to do was fight me .
0	i told him i 'm not about that .
0	i think they have some major drug issues .
0	again , if stay away .
0	trampoline assembly and furniture assembly .
0	both owned by joe .
0	joseph eafrate is so rude and condescending .
0	he is not a good medical provider .
0	he does not listen to you when you are trying to explain something .
0	he is always in a rush and does not care about the patient .
0	in fact , shai/ shy ( spelling ? )
0	the negative attitude and competence here is shocking .
0	i would never recommend this place to anyone .
0	i would give them a zero star if that was an option .
0	do not waste your money here .
0	they also charge for a contact lense fitting like seriously ? ?
0	i 've been wearing contacts for several years .
0	nearly takes 3 weeks to get in .
0	not coming here again .
0	i never write bad reviews but man was i unlucky here .
0	this place is so slow !
0	it 's ridiculous how long the wait is ! !
0	how is it possible to run so far behind !
0	i have better things to do with my time away from work than wait .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	we regularly get $ 20 massages at other foot spas .
0	never again will we come back for luke warm water and dirty towels !
0	at the end the man at the counter asked , `` together ? ''
0	and my friend said , `` no , separate . ''
0	though she insisted on $ 18 , she ended up agreeing to $ 20 .
0	the massages were fine but not worth the frustrating experience of being overcharged .
0	did i already say that we will never again return to this place ?
0	use a different company if you can .
0	i also told them to ship it to my vet .
0	i was also told that the order would be sent out the same day .
0	i gave them the credit card billing information and thought i was good .
0	needless to say , this place needs help ! ! ! !
0	only gets 1 star because i ca n't leave 0 stars !
0	what a waste of time on my part .
0	i remember something like this happening before and i tell cigna this .
0	i explain that i do n't understand why they do n't receive these requests .
0	they do almost everywhere else !
0	anyway , this is totally a first world problem and i get that .
0	this is a patient mill .
0	i brought my girlfriend here because she was having complications after having a surgery .
0	i liked how friendly the staff was .
0	they took the time to remember my name and the scheduling was very easy .
0	i remember why i do n't typically have someone wax my body for me .
0	i got the extended bikini wax .
0	i will just continue to buy the in-store waxing kits and do it myself .
0	pros : -lovely spa interior and exterior .
0	-lovely front desk employees .
0	-experience was not worth the price .
0	and that 's why it get 's two stars from me .
0	this is how they take your hard earned money from you .
0	so my friend had to pay the office visit by herself in cash .
0	this is the new clinic inside walmart .
0	the quality of service is hit or miss .
0	just because you saw an episode of house m.d .
0	over the weekend , does n't mean you should apply it to your life .
0	according to my provider the image was not taken from the requested angle .
0	overall , not impressed .
0	we paid for expedited shipping and paid for the order via pay-pal .
0	that was five days ago and i have never heard back from them .
0	i am now trying to get a refund from liftchair.com .
0	do not order anything from this company .
0	this policy was never communicated to me as a customer either in-person or otherwise .
0	doctor was very nice though .
0	very dirty facilities , rude staff , horrible management . !
0	there 's even mold in the patient rooms.. !
0	please dont go here , dont send anyone you care about to this hell hole..
0	may be he should be practicing in hollywood or at the white house .
0	it is easy to pass the bucket .
0	you are still getting 0 stars from me .
0	i will not go back here and be treated this way again .
0	stay away if you can
0	this places employs people that prescribe medication for children that do not need it .
0	this place should be out of business .
0	i was really bothered by this practice .
0	she made me extremely uncomfortable and the entire appointment felt weird .
0	that being said , i will be looking elsewhere for my healthcare needs .
0	do n't bother making an appointment .
0	that to me is a little absurd !
0	the lobby is run down .
0	i 've been coming here for years .
0	i might have to give up soon
0	i 'll keep this short .
0	they also never answer their phone .
0	it would ring 10-15 times every time i called .
0	this is not a place to trust with your medical needs .
0	update 5/30/2016 : received a bill for $ 2.24 this week .
0	my bill also said 120+ days overdue .
0	refused to fix 1 nail .
0	broke a nail traveling and they refused to fix it .
0	never seen anything like it .
0	stay away from this establishment ! !
0	this place is worthless .
0	office manager is brainless and incompetent .
0	just the worst experience ever .
0	i cracked my tooth and he stabbed the numbing in me like a nightmare .
0	pulled my front tooth out so brutally .
0	i thought to myself this is how it should be .
0	he attempted to do a `` shallow '' implant .
0	? ? ? what ?
0	then his booking secretary ! ! !
0	i will never return and i will not refer anyone to his office ever .
0	i have to make a follow up appt .
0	you have no idea how this was a horrible experience for me .
0	very very rude staff ! ! !
0	i called to make an appointment and the receptionist was horrible !
0	i was told i would receive emails with information i needed .
0	if i could give zero stars , i would .
0	apparently whoever i scheduled with did n't really make my appointment .
0	they had a girl od ing in the bathroom .
0	i just want to speak with a doctor .
0	i would give her all 5 stars , she tries to get us seen .
0	do n't waste your time and money like i did .
0	look up mark fugit orthodics .
0	he custom makes them for your feet at less than 200 !
0	they would rather laugh and talk amongst themselves .
0	i was there one night and the fire alarm went off .
0	it was very loud , super disturbing and completely ruined my massage .
0	they took my name and number and i was told they would call me .
0	i was cancelling my membership because i was moving overseas .
0	i 'm so furious .
0	this makes me feel like the manager told me that on purpose .
0	the therapists are also very inconsistent .
0	find another establishment for massage .
0	this place will give you more headaches than it will take care of .
0	update : a manager called me and gave me 2 hours of massage credits .
0	this place is a complete money grabbing setup .
0	avoid at all cost .
0	i 've never had a worst dental experience .
0	tried twice at 8pm and 9pm and no bother to call back .
0	would never recommend this place
0	i was told a scheduler would call me to make an appointment .
0	remember , i have extreme abdominal pain .
0	they said they would have the scheduler call me right away .
0	i did ask for her name and number before hanging up .
0	her excuse is she does n't have a phone by her computer ! ! !
0	have you seen that multimillion dollar building ?
0	that was a line of crap .
0	this is unacceptable ! !
0	i ca n't believe how unorganized they are .
0	they were so limited compared to the ones i am used to in california .
0	i wish we had a better whole food close by .
0	even with the green and brown phlegm .
0	he prescribed me a steroidal nasal spray .
0	i knew something was n't right due to me coughing all night .
0	that 's why i 've been coughing so much .
0	it 's always unreliable .
0	also they had a child working at the front answering phone calls .
0	never going back again .
0	i would give 0 stars if i could .
0	i would give it 0 stars if i could .
0	they can barely handle making appointments .
0	i got a groupon for reiki .
0	the minute clinic is absolutely worthless .
0	she did n't even turn on the check-in kiosk until 10:10am .
0	first patient was seen at 10:25. wtf cvs , get your act together .
0	this place f***king sucks ! !
0	if i could give them a 0 i would .
0	they advertise themselves as urgent care yet they are n't .
0	i went there because i thought i had a bladder infection .
0	they told me i did n't .
0	i took my daughter there also and just got the same bill for her .
0	front office staff is very unprofessional .
0	i have had 3 appointments there .
0	i then explained my frustration from previous visits and the wait time .
0	i left the office and will not return .
0	it 's a shame ... .i really like the doctors .
0	dr. sharma has charged my insurance anyway ) .
0	my wife has almost lost her life due to inexperience of dr. sharma .
0	i am going to report her to authorities as well .
0	incompetent , and dishonest .
0	not in my case .
0	i am glad i got 2nd opinion from a professional periodontist .
0	dr. sharma has charged my insurance anyway ) .
0	my wife has almost lost her life due to inexperience of dr. sharma .
0	i am going to report her to authorities as well .
0	incompetent , and dishonest .
0	not in my case .
0	i am glad i got 2nd opinion from a professional periodontist .
0	i went in for the drug test & was unfortunate to get her .
0	i have long black hair .
0	it was n't even a clean cut .
0	before cutting my hair she kept telling me how beautiful my hair was .
0	i was so upset & i made sure she knew it .
0	her response was , `` i 'm sorry honey . ''
0	i find this very unprofessional .
0	i ca n't even get an appointment with these people !
0	my daughter 's pediatrician referred us here .
0	i 've been calling for 5 days .
0	i 'm getting a new referral .
0	i was told i needed lab work and needed to be fasting .
0	a half an hour went by , still sitting there waiting .
0	so i went to the front desk , asking `` how much longer ?
0	`` ... i had to get back to work ! !
0	do n't think they even noticed to be honest .
0	terrible customer service ! ! !
0	never going back there again !
0	extremely rude and condescending .
0	i have always had a great experience here in the past .
0	the reception was not only rude but uninformed .
0	had been seeing dr. kim , who is always prompt .
0	answered the assistant 's questions and given a gown to change into .
0	she left saying dr. r `` would be in in a few minutes '' .
0	okay , clearly i was n't the next person to be seen .
0	i 've had better experience in the other locations .
0	worst dr ever just wanted to do injections never even looked at my records .
0	follow up -- just got paperwork from my insurance company .
0	original price was set as an `` estimate price '' of care .
0	( while we no longer even live in the state . )
0	a bill from a professional is for services rendered .
0	i can not imagine we are the only family he has done this to .
0	sorry but i 'm done .
0	i 'll go somewhere else where they appreciate my business .
0	i would give this place a negative star if i could .
0	i went there for a simple medical visit , medication refill .
0	one of my medication requires prior authorization before the pharmacy can fill it .
0	it has been about 8 weeks since my visit .
0	save yourself the frustration , do n't go there !
0	no apology , no explanation .
0	went in again yesterday just to get labs .
0	the massage itself consisted of the few same movements over and over again .
0	most of which consisted of my butt area which was quite uncomfortable .
0	i will not be coming back !
0	i have had a surgery scheduled for over a month .
0	the billing person called to tell me i needed to pay up front .
0	i tried calling back repeatedly but only got voice mail .
0	who leaves work at 1:30 in the afternoon ? ? ?
0	it 's clear my time means nothing to them .
0	i 'll find another doctor who respects me , my time and her commitments .
0	complete waste of money !
0	i had close to no privacy ( second red flag ) .
0	this ended up being the worst part of all .
0	i was so confused .
0	shit , still am !
0	the worse in nevada as i have been there three times and no results .
0	i 'm giving 1 star for bad business practices .
0	i brought 2 daughters and myself for 1 hr massages .
0	i decided to stay anyway , as it would be the same price elsewhere .
0	if i could give zero stars , i would .
0	no one answers the phone .
0	they might call you back , if they get around to it .
0	but usually not , because they 're so busy .
0	the front office is the worst bunch of women i 've ever dealt with .
0	i put my total faith in doctor lundgren , that was a huge mistake .
0	i advise anybody , be careful what you sign , read it completely .
0	my first question was are you accepting new patient ?
0	response : hmm yeah with a not so nice tone .
0	second question do you accept cigna ?
0	uhhh yeah , hold on a minute .
0	before i could say anything i was placed on hold .
0	no no no ! !
0	i will not be scheduling a appointment here .
0	first encounter is front desk , the young ladies were very pleasant .
0	now it was a wait over an hour from our schedule appointment .
0	we watched as people coming in after us were immediately called back .
0	when she came to the room and asked why was she being seen ? .
0	wow , this place is awful .
0	this is a good store with good food .
0	the prices high and the manager is not friendly .
0	as a parent i showed up when instructed to by the staff .
0	i had to pay $ 100 for the third visit .
0	i openly expressed that i would need a cavity refilled when making the appointment .
0	i am only available on saturday 's .
0	when i went back to the chair , they took x-rays .
0	finally , the dentist came over and explained what i already knew .
0	for a cavity filling ! ! !
0	turns out , she does n't fill cavities on saturdays !
0	also , $ 250 to fill a cavity is crazy !
0	do not see dr freeman at this office !
0	the way i was treated in this office was worst experience ever .
0	it seems apparent now why they have to advertise so much .
0	i 've not shopped at wal-mart in about two years .
0	and what a chore that was .
0	she asked me to call back the following day .
0	the next day , my experience getting ahold of someone was about the same .
0	after all of this , i was getting pretty livid .
0	the following day i called wal-mart and demanded to speak with a manager .
0	i finally got one on the line .
0	she never called me back .
0	the next day was a nearly identical repeat performance .
0	i told her that a manager yesterday failed to get back to me .
0	she told me , `` i 'm going to take care of this . ''
0	she never got back to me .
0	i do n't recall her name .
0	so , there you have it .
0	for a lost bookcase .
0	i 'd still be waiting for the thing if i did nothing .
0	i 'll never make another purchase from wal-mart again .
0	very disappointed and short sighted .
0	i saw him once , after i registered as a new patient .
0	yes i believe he would probably be a great physician to have .
0	sadly , i ca n't make an appointment to see him again .
0	as a former patient at ctca , i know what dignified cancer treatment entails .
0	this is n't it .
0	mayo clinic here i come .
0	farida rassiwala was unprofessional and rude .
0	she ought to be reeducated about the patient 's bill of rights .
0	first line states , `` be treated with dignity and respect '' .
0	she disregarded that with me .
0	she just wanted her day to be over with .
0	tis all i can say .
0	the spa itself is a gross tired looking lavender colour .
0	front desk is beyond unorganized .
0	they all need to get on one system !
0	they are so unorganized ! ! !
0	i really hate this location .
0	i wish i was treated with more respect .
0	further , phone calls to ask questions about treatment were not returned .
0	the whole place is a big mill organized to make money for the practice .
0	stay away from westfield .
0	poor poor slow service today .
0	this place is horrible ..why ?
0	i 'm so mad at this place and would never return .
0	done and done -- happy to shop at more socially progressive grocery stores .
0	i will not be returning .
0	i wasted enough time , energy , gas , & paid time off already .
0	love whole foods , but not the people that go to this one .
0	trader joe 's has less stuck up people that think you owe them something !
0	love everything in here though !
0	my appt was at 330pm , and its 440pm , this is ridiculous .
0	something needs to change , maybe try not double book patients ...
0	ca n't get past the receptionist - she 's terrible .
0	call 2 : forwarded her the xrays .
0	i said i 'd get back to her once i checked with my insurance .
0	call 3 : just moved here , so got my insurance card from hr .
0	told the receptionist where i work , etc .
0	told her my health information .
0	she told me it was wrong .
0	... and continues to actively make fun of me on the phone .
0	it is literally traumatic to speak to her .
0	simply the worst service i 've ever had anywhere in any industry .
0	dr. richard lieber is fantastic and my review has nothing to do with him .
0	he clearly has too many patients already .
0	not to long ago , i was referred to dr. santucci .
0	my four front teeth had braces when i came here .
0	my front teeth had been straight and closed together .
0	i really did n't want oral surgery !
0	a few weeks after that we noticed my teeth separating from one another .
0	he then left with no explanation of what will happen next .
0	the entire staff was awkward and unfriendly .
0	i really feel like i wasted an hour of my life .
0	i just feel like the service is inconsistent .
0	all i got was an excuse that they lost a good employee .
0	im not angry just very very very unsatisfied .
0	go at your own risk .
0	my experience with this store was awful .
0	i will never go to this store again .
0	do not trust them .
0	they would probably give you the wrong prescription .
0	my compliant is in regards to greedy , unethical practices regarding that exam .
0	i called my insurance and confirmed this service was covered at 100 % .
0	i called wfp and scheduled `` my free wellness physical '' .
0	during the exam my doctor ordered multiple tests based on our conversation .
0	later i saw wfp had charged my card for hundreds of dollars !
0	that week i also receive another $ 200 bill for that one postponed test .
0	in total my free wellness examination cost me $ 600+ .
0	i had been going to this office for years .
0	until my dentist suddenly left and i was n't told .
0	no letter of introduction .
0	why am i to trust my care to someone i do n't know ?
0	the front office is a complete disaster !
0	their sensitivity to a patient undergoing 3 hours of dental procedures was abysmal .
0	then they charged me for something and it was incorrect .
0	willing to be accommodating , i said no problem just credit my card .
0	i was told they can not refund to a credit card !
0	i have never heard of that with any business !
0	i will never use this dental practice again .
0	ummm ... .no i 'm not .
0	i have no missed calls on any of my 3 phone numbers .
0	the '' office manager '' was the one that was saying all this too .
0	why would so show up late ?
0	their customer service has always been an issue with me from day one .
0	that was just the beginning !
0	so did retainer he have me that was supposed to be invisalign .
0	i do n't want to play that game .
0	i do n't understand how their staff ca n't answer the phone .
0	this place should be shut down .
0	the staff is horrible .
0	they are rude and do n't care about anyone .
0	the doctors barely speak english and make you feel uncomfortable .
0	do not go here if you care about your health .
0	the decor is beautiful but my experience was not that relaxed .
0	it was supposed to be a introduction .
0	she did n't even ask me if the bright light could be turned down .
0	i felt distracted by the other clientele coming in the room .
0	i did not feel like my belongings would be safe in the locker .
0	they are over priced and not very honest .
0	what a waste of my money .
0	( and no i did n't get there close to closing time ) .
0	ummm , seriously ? ? ?
0	get off my back !
0	i 'm paying you , so i can take as long as i like !
0	oh , & of course they rushed the paint job which looked atrocious .
0	it 's been 4 days and have had issues seeing .
0	thus place sucks and they are soooooo rude .
0	i 'd rather pay full price than go there for insurance !
0	this was not a good decision .
0	we then reiterated our desire for only materials that were covered by insurance .
0	we were ultimately given the option to reorder the glasses with the requested materials .
0	we agreed , and are currently waiting for the remade lenses .
0	needless to say , we will not be going back .
0	after being a patient here for years and years it was time to leave .
0	getting ahold of anyone in that office is an absolute joke .
0	communication is unbelievably low in this office .
0	i have been reasonably satisfied until today .
0	i will never visit this urgent care again .
0	the online `` reservation '' system is the biggest joke of all time .
0	a reservation that means nothing !
0	but does n't fully enter the room .
0	no apology , no nothing .
0	it was a bizarre experience !
0	the physical exam was very cursory - maybe 90 seconds .
0	and no answers to the symptoms .
0	the directions listed on the website were good and i found it quite easily .
0	i will not make this mistake again .
0	they do not have any cell phone reception in that building .
0	they discontinued their guest wifi to save money obviously .
0	is that the best place they have to refer ?
0	they have such old equipment .
0	i wonder if they give a kickback to the center for their referrals .
0	it makes me wonder .
0	the doctors do not care about the patients .
0	they do n't look too hard for any real issues you may have .
0	they are content to take your money .
0	that is the feeling i get .
0	the place is one big cash register .
0	go and see for yourself .
0	i personally will be switching to another office .
0	money , money , money .
0	they will not work with you and their payment plans are unreasonable .
0	me and my cancer will have to go someplace cheaper .
0	docs seem to be good and staff , but too expensive for me
0	i have received a promotional free class for a month .
0	i had to call in to register for a class .
0	i left a message explaining that i have a voucher for a free class .
0	have not received a call back .
0	why give out free passes if you can not honor them .
0	yes , said kirsten ... glycolic peels are wonderful for my condition .
0	i filled out all the paperwork and consent forms for glycolic peels .
0	she is a brilliant saleswoman , i will give her that .
0	approximately 3 weeks later it was time for another peel .
0	she exclaimed that my face was looking so much better !
0	was her memory about my particular skin condition that good ?
0	i said : `` i do n't know ! ''
0	**feeling especially naked without any make up on** .
0	he said : `` do you know you have a bacterial infection ? ''
0	me : `` whaaat ? ? ? `` .
0	like i said , she 's a wonderful salesperson , and she hooked me .
0	however , kirsten does not give refunds .
0	she has never given refunds in the history of her business .
0	i was mad at her attitude .
0	anyways , kirsten she hung up on me .
0	so , with kirstens math , i had 200 dollars left .
0	4 peels + 1 cleanser = $ 680 .
0	my friends in town who used to go to her wo n't go anymore .
0	beware of sales tactics , and what you 're signing .
0	this drastically delayed every process .
0	will the regional management step in ?
0	just went to this location for my son .
0	we got in quickly , waited awhile between nurses , doctor and x-rays .
0	overall , that part of my visit was a typical urgent care experience .
0	it was what came next that i felt was unprofessional .
0	we where misinformed while trying to get my sons records to our family doctor .
0	so i made many phone calls to figure out the problem .
0	the one star is for taylor , he was helpful and polite .
0	otherwise avoid this place .
0	they overcharge and never file the insurance correctly .
0	do not go here .
0	i ca n't believe they would tell me such a thing !
0	i would rather give zero stars .
0	this is the third time coming to this location .
0	the biggest mistake was choosing this place .
0	i signed up to yelp just so i can write this .
0	i left the office in tears this morning .
0	the receptionists are the worst .
0	the woman who answered was pretty rude .
0	i was shocked and i said well everything really .
0	she keeps leaving ! `` ...
0	please save yourself some pain/trouble and do not come here .
0	changed dermatologists , asked that all records be transferred .
0	much room for improvement in the services rendered .
0	tip is given for good service !
0	the masseuse did n't do a good job either .
0	she seemed new and inexperienced .
0	dr. jenny h. kim is the worst eye doctor ever .
0	if you have an appointment .
0	you can forget about being seen at your appointment time .
0	this will be the last time my family of 6 ate coming here .
0	my previous 4 visits over the past four months have been frustrating .
0	they can not keep up with their stock .
0	i think it 's time to take a break from shopping at trader joes .
0	i see internet based posting noting problems with infections - judge for yourself .
0	in my case he placed an implant which caused all sorts of problems .
0	nothing about the work brannon did worked out for me .
0	some of the other dentists , such as dr. bravara i would recommend highly .
0	she says think of sativa as a cup of coffee .
0	hybrid as lunch and indica a little heavier like dinner .
0	what does that tell me ?
0	not impressed at all .
0	i will stay on my side of town to shop .
0	every time it 's a horrible experience ( illness aside ) .
0	that said , i liked our doctor there .
0	i believe he 's retired now .
0	urgent care reception staff could use a morale boost .
0	but they do n't hide it well at all .
0	they are greedy and only look out to line their own pockets .
0	he wants the insurance money .
0	the receptionist went to ask him again and again he said no .
0	my recommendation for someone looking for a dermatologist who cares and is n't greedy ?
0	5 lawsuits in 2 years !
0	http : //www.superiorcourt.maricopa.gov/docket/civilcourtcases/casesearchresults.asp ? lastname= & firstname= & bname=global+pharmedica .
0	i would never come back here .
0	i feel rip off .
0	one guy said $ 40 and the other said $ 60 an hour .
0	i end up paid $ 60 an hour .
0	i have to agree with joanna .
0	we were not impressed with this office or dr. syms .
0	dr dao is rude and wo n't listen to any concerns you have .
0	he refused to read previous reffering ophthalmologist notes .
0	he checked my daughter eye and said it looks fine beside inflammation .
0	now let me remind you he checked her eyes in less than one minute .
0	uncaring doctors please pay someone else that truly care !
0	stay away from this place
0	for the most part the staff is not very friendly .
0	they act like you are interrupting their visiting time .
0	the only positive about this office is there is a large selection of glasses .
0	a bride 's worst nightmare .
0	this is my pretty middle finger in your face , joya .
0	i will tell everyone i know what a joke you are .
0	the products are marked up .
0	and the poor quality of services is awful .
0	you want to hear some drama ?
0	it 's crazy that all the notes from my reassuring phone conversations when amiss .
0	my facial was terrible .
0	when you come here you are truly just a number .
0	the lady never asked what skin regimen or products i use .
0	she just gestured to settle in and just started poking my face .
0	she was so rough and rushed .
0	oh really little girl ?
0	do n't go asking for bridezilla .
0	oh no you did n't .
0	you are damn right i 'm pissed .
0	the front office woman was nice and seemed quite competent .
0	she observed me from a distance with her arms folded .
0	their hours start at 7am .
0	the 5 people waiting by then , one tech .
0	then appointments started to show up too .
0	so another hour wait .
0	do n't use them without an appointment .
0	the lady said i had an ingrown toenail and ripped it out .
0	the next day my toe is infected and pussing like crazy .
0	this place is unclean .
0	wish i could upload pic .
0	i waited for a long time to see the doctor .
0	i wo n't be coming back again .
0	never go to this place .
0	not professional , not kind , poor knowledge .
0	we tried to contact them for the bill , but nobody answered .
0	at that point i told them to keep the watermelon .
0	never again will i be purchasing rotten fruit from whole foods .
0	there are two identical suite addresses within the same complex .
0	go to sprouts market first then angle south from their parking lot .
0	unbelievably ignorant location address conflict .
0	when you find the place , plan on insensitive , unisex service .
0	of course he 's fully dressed .
0	i backed up , shut the door and vowed i 'd never be back .
0	i told the female tech to get that man out now .
0	by this time i 'm really angry .
0	the insensitivity of these people shocks me .
0	you 're not running a car wash for god 's sake .
0	i have no idea how this place is in business !
0	i 've never been to a salon that wo n't accommodate their customers !
0	took a uber here and was turned away !
0	so not only did this place waste my time , but my money too !
0	`` we do n't do just 1 nail '' .
0	`` we can do , $ 45 '' ... .
0	they charge to remove color ?
0	what was unbelievable was they were not busy at all !
0	just sitting around watching tv .
0	just do n't go here !
0	this business is run very poorly .
0	i have no idea what has happened here since last year in er .
0	i was there 7 hours .
0	did not even get my medicines right tried to give me duplicate xrays .
0	did not see a dr for 3 hours .
0	guess what now they want her to fax a copy .
0	explained what i was looking for sold me the wrong thing .
0	explained why i was looking for it .
0	the sales rep still teied to sell me something else !
0	the sales reo told me thay what i was buying could be refilled .
0	it was only a refill itself .
0	ten min aftwr leaving i found out and called .
0	manager insisted he watched entire tramsaction and was there the whole time .
0	no one was near us at all !
0	i tried to explaon it had been ten min i needed to exchange .
0	he told me i could come in and buy a pen .
0	im not sure why !
0	manager ignored my requests .
0	manager kept insisting his employee gave me good info .
0	i was completely disgusted !
0	i wasted $ 30 !
0	wo n't be back !
0	a `` wellness '' plan does not consist of making me mad and tense !
0	this office has so much turnover of dentists and hygienists and i know why .
0	very unprofessional , long wait times and they are constantly messing up insurance .
0	i really suggest-go somewhere else ! !
0	i was referred here by my general dentist for my daughter for cavities .
0	2 hours after the dentist initially looked in her mouth to get the fillings .
0	at the second appointment we waited 40 minutes past our scheduled time .
0	if i could leave a comment without a star i would .
0	i was in pain for 3-5 days after my cleaning .
0	used to be an awesome practice when he first opened !
0	i was one of his first customers in those early months .
0	yeah i did n't love the quote system ... it was high pressure .
0	free whitening gimmick was n't really free .
0	they go through hygienists like tissues ... one you like disappears .
0	i think i need to look around for someone new .
0	we are leaving the practice .
0	they told me there was no one i could see until the following morning .
0	we did and she did in fact have an infection .
0	it took 5 min at an urgent care and a $ 300 bill later .
0	she would have had someone see her- really ?
0	it takes no time to run urine .
0	he ruined the entire unit worth $ 30k .
0	no remorse and no acceptance of responsibility .
0	i urge any and all to stay clear of this incompetent doctor .
0	it 's all about him , not his patients .
0	worst er ever ! ! !
0	if i could give this hospital zero stars i definitely would .
0	dr. miyake greeted me and listened to my heartbeat .
0	i am the patient .
0	i am in pain .
0	the staff was completely unresponsive until i repeated my request .
0	he handed me discharge papers and pointed me to the door .
0	not one staff member came to see how i was doing while i waited .
0	i am extremely disappointed in the lack of service and medical attention i received .
0	i think dr. ruggieri is an excellent doctor .
0	the issue i would comment on is his staff .
0	i found many of them to be rude or unprofessional .
0	the whole office seemed to have subtle contempt for the patients .
0	then there were a few incidents that pushed the envelope of professionalism .
0	i was left in an examination room for at least a half hour .
0	they were actually telling jokes about it and laughing .
0	i went to get the stitches out last wednesday .
0	when i said no , he fished around some more & found another one .
0	all the time he was wheezing up close to my face and coughing .
0	it was really uncomfortable .
0	not impressive , & these are just examples .
0	i have to say that the experience after visiting the facility was horrendous .
0	went in for consultation and treatment .
0	left unimpressed with dr david smith .
0	its good to raise your standards , but never lower .
0	the experience was well below sub-par to say the least .
0	i had a groupon with fk laser .
0	i agree with the other comments about dr. f 's communication skills .
0	also , the high pressure sales at the 1st appointment were definitely not appreciated .
0	however , all this would be manageable if the treatment was great .
0	it certainly was not the soprano one i 've experienced at other places .
0	i can recommend it either .
0	worst ever ! ! !
0	i had my eyeglasses ordered here last year .
0	unfortunately , the lenses were too thick and not the super-thin lenses i ordered .
0	i brought it back to have them replace the lens , which they did .
0	i went home and went to my former optometrist .
0	( my left eye needs a higher grade than the right . )
0	if i had not seen another optometrist , i would not have known this .
0	please be careful with the glasses you order from this shop .
0	i would recommend getting your glasses made elsewhere .
0	have been going to lenscrafters for years but will not be returning .
0	i would have expected this to be de rigeur !
0	slow , old , unclean .
0	this place.demonstrates the need for competition in imaging .
0	i will not come back .
0	small loud waiting area with a tv for extra noise .
0	i 'm sure i 'll get some cursory response from someone at the company .
0	we deserve better than this crudhole .
0	then she says he sees 60-80 patients a day .
0	whatever you do make sure to never have him as a doctor .
0	it 's been a mess .
0	to be fair i can not speak on any other dr in this establishment .
0	i hope this saves someone from a mess .
0	so i spent thousands of dollars on hair removal from brazilian to face .
0	every time i came here they tried to sell me something else .
0	it never did work better .
0	the employees are awesome , however the product is n't .
0	i went to valley pain and wellness center because they offered allergy drops .
0	now i know why .
0	i even discontinued my outdoor runs/walks because i thought i had bad allergies outside .
0	very nice staff but i 'm super angry i was so misled .
0	they no longer do reflexology type massages .
0	prices are similar to full body massages you can get at strip hotels .
0	too bad it was very nice here .
0	the customer service at this place is absolutely horrendous .
0	now i have to cancel my appointment and reschedule all due to their inefficiency .
0	if you can avoid this place , please do .
0	please whatever you do do not go to goodman and partridge !
0	are you kidding me ? ? ? ? ?
0	guess the drivers kept cancelling for a reason ? really ?
0	this is what you guys do to special needs teens ?
0	and no wonder the dispatchers would not tell me what was going on .
0	shady practices & people ! !
0	went here because they were highly rated .
0	they took x-rays did the 360 degree x-ray also .
0	$ 250 outta pocket that the insurance could have covered !
0	karma on these people .
0	****update had the owner of the business make contact .
0	would not recommend this business to anyone !
0	: ( wish i never messed with my veins ... ...
0	i joined my sister to celebrate her birthday at the joya spa .
0	when we arrived at the facility , there was immediate confusion .
0	i then ended up entering the yoga class late , which was awkward .
0	the yoga class was a little frustrating .
0	the instructor talked a lot .
0	the locker room was also very crowded .
0	she did n't even say excuse me !
0	slightly relaxing but i would n't say it was a `` good '' massage .
0	definitely not worth the money i paid for it .
0	i never did get my tour .
0	never got to do the crystal/rock thing that i read about online .
0	even the whisper room was full of super chatty women .
0	i would suggest joya spa amps up their customer service and overall customer experience .
0	the front desk personal should at least attempt to be cordial to the patients .
0	my fist 4 sessions were a waste of time and money .
0	they set the treatment too low to be effective .
0	it took 4 sessions of my complaining before they adjusted the treatment .
0	i would give this place -5stars .
0	the staff is rude and clueless .
0	she told me that they were already looking into it .
0	the last time i called to schedule she hung up on me twice .
0	their communication is very very poor .
0	i went in and all he could do was confirm that i did .
0	he gave me paperwork for another blood test and an ultrasound .
0	i do not even understand how this would be possible .
0	i left without any answers and even more confusion .
0	this place is a scam .
0	she just kept rubbing the same spot on my feet and arms .
0	i kept cringing because the repetitive rubbing just ended up irritating my skin .
0	on the wall , they suggest $ 10 for a `` happy experience '' .
0	as in `` i 'm dead tired ! `` .
0	oh and all these 5 star reviews you see on this page ?
0	people got $ 3 off to write them .
0	that 's $ 45 and 60 minutes i 'm never getting back .
0	my experience is extremely similar to michele h. 's below .
0	she was very rude and condescending and forced me to make an appointment immediately .
0	they immediately got defensive and questioned why i would want a second opinion .
0	they eventually agreed to send the xrays , but they never actually sent them .
0	luckily , i ended up cancelling my appointment and never had these procedures done .
0	please no one else go to this corrupt , unprofessional office !
0	they should be shut down !
0	your office needs to show some compassion dr. bartholomew !
0	i went in today for the first time .
0	i stopped giving my social to medical offices long ago with no problem .
0	this is by far the worst obgyn you can go to in vegas !
0	well things have changed for this doctor .
0	first of all , she is no longer with box canyon .
0	she now is with calderon medical on south valley view .
0	it 's very run down around that area .
0	the staff is rude and uncaring .
0	in fact one just seemed mean to one of the patients .
0	i had to wait for 4 hours and 15 minutes to see an assistant .
0	to see the doctor i would 've had to have waited another hour .
0	i seriously needed medication , but i ended up leaving , in tears .
0	i will never go there again .
0	this waiting room is by far the worst i 've ever been to .
0	waiting times are extremely long .
0	never ever ever go to becky gonzales .
0	switched to dr knapp-so far other than the aforementioned she has been ok .
0	the doctors used to be good .
0	lately , you can never get your doctor , always someone new .
0	random doctors you get do n't seem to be knowledgeable or care .
0	several times we 've gotten wrong diagnosis , including this week .
0	it is sad that this originally a very good office gotten so bad .
0	the place is understaffed and over crowded with patients .
0	we wo n't go back and wo n't recommend this place to anyone .
0	appointments : they wo n't answer the phone .
0	finally got the 2nd lab form !
0	lunch was at 1200-1 on the door .
0	i guess they do n't need the money ! !
0	unethical practices this pertains to some of their suppliers as well .
0	they continually sell moldy berries .
0	old wilted produce kept on shelve too long .
0	they will even say it is the suppliers fault for such item conditions .
0	stop selling stuff that you would n't take home to your mother .
0	i brought all 3 of my kids there at the same time .
0	two of my kids were scared and not being very cooperative .
0	because of her i am not sure we will be back .
0	today i learned why i 've taken that road .
0	yep , i ca n't even imagine how hard your job is .
0	what do i know .
0	i will be seeking out a new gynecologist , if it makes any difference .
0	i doubt they even know cpr .
0	they wash your linens , hand out meds , and wake you up .
0	on to the next explosive mess .
0	dr. horne , 190 years old and uses 100 year old techniques and remedies .
0	he prescribes the same medications for everyone !
0	it 's actually quite weird .
0	how can every patient need the same medications at pretty much the same doses ?
0	they ended up turning that shit on me .
0	like all other rehabs this place is an insurance mill ! !
0	they beat the same shit into your head every single day .
0	i am in disbelief that they are able to continue the way they do .
0	my boyfriend was in extreme pain and the customer service was atrocious .
0	this whole foods needs serious help with management .
0	i was here today with my 2 little ones .
0	i by honest mistake stood in the express lane .
0	then she started to mumble that how i could n't read the sign .
0	i asked her if there was a bigger problem .
0	she got really upset and called the manager .
0	you would think that manager will have some sense in calming her down ! !
0	manager started to yell at me .
0	my little one started crying and i was just left in complete shock !
0	all this for not reading a stupid sign !
0	mind you i have 3 graduate degrees and i can read .
0	one star for this place for many reasons .
0	i arrived and had a stylist work on my nails .
0	i needed two nails replaced while away at work ( thumb and index ) .
0	i requested sns dip powder .
0	i was n't happy with them when i left .
0	sns does n't peel .
0	manager was 20 minutes late opening due to his tardiness .
0	i 'm a flight attendant .
0	5. he said they did not refund , only fix .
0	i needed to head back to the hotel .
0	she said she could not refund .
0	7. the manager did nothing and ignored me .
0	8. no one would provide me with the owners information .
0	i am very disappointed with the way this turned out .
0	not turn the other way and refuse to listen .
0	one star because overall annie was nice .
0	and the place was clean and nice .
0	they also had quite a few options .
0	i called as a new patient to make an appt for july 7 .
0	i got a call that morning the dr beck was out sick .
0	i told them forget it i will find a different doctor
0	if you decide to use this location , do not see dr. syers .
0	i 'm 39 weeks .
0	and she would n't do it because my contractions were n't close enough together .
0	so they kept me 2 days and sent me home .
0	but there are mitigating circumstances that should change that .
0	much safer than sending a mother with epilepsy home .
0	if i were n't due in a week , i would change practices .
0	luckily , there are 2 amazing doctors in that office .
0	see dr. falcone or dr. freeman .
0	because this doctor has no clue what she 's doing .
0	and i will be contacting management regarding her ignorance .
0	it is cold and flu season , a particularly horrible one at that .
0	each time was a different random number .
0	invariably terrible customer service .
0	avella is a compound pharmacy , which makes prescriptions to order from a physician .
0	this is the most frustrating place ! ! !
0	i 've been getting compound prescriptions for about 10 years .
0	their customer service is abysmal .
0	typical wait time on hold is 20 minutes .
0	their compound content is good .
0	but the aggravation and delay when you need a prescription is inexcusable .
0	there are too many options out there , and i 'm moving on .
0	did n't even want it !
0	rip off report off .
0	against she had no footstool .
0	she continue to say things like i did n't give her a chance .
0	but she just kept insisting .
0	having been introduced to the bloor street fresh location , i expected great things .
0	what i got was a little less than that .
0	first off , the place did not appear to be air conditioned .
0	i got a wrap , not bad , but nothing special .
0	i 'm all about finding some good vegetarian restaurants .
0	on the occasion i visited this french location , it definitely did not deliver .
0	this practice 's front office has great customer service .
0	they require unnecessary visits and blood draws .
0	i guess no one told him part of medicine was helping people .
0	staff were very rude .
0	rude on the phone and im not sure if ive registered or not .
0	i have been a patient here for scheduled services and that has been ok .
0	but coming into the er is a nightmare .
0	i could n't i was severely dehydrated and in extreme pain .
0	it was beyond my choice .
0	ride or die , i choose to ride somewhere that could help me .
0	discrimination against doing work on a pregnant woman .
0	they wasted my time .
0	it would have been nice to get it done before my baby is born .
0	it is a very inconsiderate office .
0	they rather follow the their protocol than a patient in pain .
0	i come here for heel pain .
0	my doctor ordered an insole for my shoes to elevate the pain .
0	i would never recommend this office to anyone
0	awful on so many levels .
0	went in for the first time for an ear infection .
0	a simple ear infection turned into an hour and forty-five minute appointment .
0	not sure how they are still in business .
0	this place is ridiculous !
0	the office staff is borderline incompetent !
0	( the phlebotomist/front desk )
0	doctors are gteat , but the support staff and scheduling staff lack organization .
0	constantly making a mess of things .
0	it is impossible to call and actually talk to a person .
0	leave a message and 10 percent of the time they will call you back
0	i went for a pregnancy test after two positive pregnancy tests at home .
0	the wait is not worth it .
0	average 2 hours + wait time for scheduled appointments ! ! !
0	office staff was incredibly rude .
0	i just fired the doctor as my care giver .
0	place does n't even deserve 1 star .
0	i 've been a patient here for a few years .
0	unfortunately some policy change is putting people at risk .
0	i called today because i have a bad cough and am having trouble breathing .
0	she said it is the patients responsibility to remember to schedule it not hers .
0	and if i 'm worried about my cough i can go to urgent care .
0	i will never go back to skyline and i will transfer my care .
0	what an absurd policy that puts the health of people at risk .
0	what a huge sign that they do n't care about people at all .
0	just maximizing the amount of appointments they can get you in for .
0	i never write bad reviews .
0	upon reading other reviews it appears they 've done this to others as well .
0	had a pretty disappointing appointment with dr. tamm .
0	i 'm seeking help with chronic migraines , dramatic fatigue , and ear ringing .
0	he then proceeded to tell me `` you 're fine .
0	if it was something dangerous , you 'd already know . ''
0	which , by the way , is almost exactly what dr. tamm said .
0	i will not be returning to this practice .
0	i have been going to dr. cunningham and dr. karius for almost 10 years .
0	over the last year to 18 months it is gone downhill very very quickly .
0	they never even bothered to call me back .
0	the credentialing staff in provider enrollment that they have are very immature and unprofessional .
0	they would make insults calling our staff stupid , worhtless etc .
0	i went in to be checked on an emergency i was having .
0	he then told me i thought you were a tough girl .
0	has nothing to do with being tough .
0	turns out i am in agonizing pain for days to come .
0	days went by no relief .
0	he tells me there is no way that is possible .
0	i explain to the doctor that i was still in pain .
0	he told me there is no way that i can be in pain .
0	he did not give me an update on the status of my infection .
0	he did not tell me what to do next .
0	i asked him should i go to the emergency room .
0	he then said i think you need to find a new opthamologist .
0	he then said no comment .
0	and ran out of the office into his personal office and slammed his door .
0	i highly suggest avoiding this ophthalmology practice if at all possible .
0	doctor did not thoroughly assess issue with foot .
0	woo child where to begin .
0	called gave them the information .
0	did not hear back from them .
0	walked in on monday , they still had not verified my insurance .
0	ok so i 'm taking deep breaths , am trying not to be angry .
0	i 'm like but i did n't even get my cleaning .
0	she looks at the schedule and says ok the 9 am did not confirm .
0	come in tomorrow and we will get it done .
0	thanks i leave come back the next morning and jesus be a fence .
0	there are three people on the office .
0	and she says that i can reschedule .
0	i about lost it .
0	i just say thank you and leave because the nerve and audacity .
0	that is the only reason for the 2 stars .
0	they could n't even set up an appointment right .
0	my husband was spared from a visit .
0	we found a better dentist .
0	if the massage is good .
0	do n't complaint about the price .
0	**folks : takes note , i 'm also liberal and forthcoming .
0	any sexual solicitations are not tolerated and will be reported to authorities .
0	as we cleared state on website .
0	we are helping a customer find relief from anxieties and chronic ailments .
0	my uncle paid for the groupon .
0	that was paid with money .
0	that gives you no reason to be rude to customers or former customers .
0	you should have been happy with the review .
0	so i 'll forgive your misunderstanding .
0	i hope your business goes bankrupt due to your behavior on this site .
0	been with this office for 3 years and officially done .
0	1. get ready to wait for your appointment .
0	poor management leads to poor time management .
0	but god forbid you to show up in office later than appointment time .
0	they will refuse to see you completely .
0	i had a surgery performed by dr sikand .
0	i got ear infection , unrelated to my original surgery .
0	what a service ! !
0	walking extra mile to work with a patient lol no never heard of it .
0	i had last two weeks of previous insurance and was getting a new one .
0	never any other medical facility would not check .
0	no , it never happened to me before .
0	only in ent of nevada .
0	speaking of `` professionalism '' .
0	4. dr sikand will spend precisely 3 minutes of his time with you .
0	$ 700 honestly earned .
0	receptionist will make you feel completely unwelcomed .
0	i and my insurance paid thousands of dollars to this office throughout 3 years .
0	was very unimpressed with this place .
0	they kept switching doctors on me which i did n't like .
0	i was put on different antibiotics which also did n't work .
0	finally they referred me to an ent .
0	surgery took about two hours as expected .
0	i was told that they have a `` no visitor '' policy in recovery .
0	although both of my parents have had multiple surgeries at mt .
0	view and family was able to visit almost immediately after surgery .
0	i was not the only one that was furious with this policy .
0	this will be the last time mt .
0	view will treat any of my family !
0	i will never go back .
0	these people are heartless crooks who will overcharge like you crazy .
0	however , i would strongly encourage you to shop around for better prices .
0	stop using that type of sells tactic ... does not work
0	i have been coming here twice a week for several months now .
0	in the last two months , my average time spent per visit has doubled .
0	it seems like i see a smaller staff every time i come in .
0	the kiosk is the first thing you do .
0	if you forget something you 're screwed .
0	the system is also inefficient .
0	you have three things doing the job of one thing .
0	how on earth does it take 10 hours to be discharged from a hospital .
0	worst one stop location there is .
0	extremely rude manager , awful customer service .
0	a 5-10 min procedure took 30 minutes .
0	i was in tears and dr freeman was irritated with me .
0	i was like no , just so what you have to do right now .
0	why would i possibly want to endure this again .
0	she had not even looked at my chart .
0	i left in tears again .
0	i would not recommend her .
0	my np at mountain vista location is awesome .
0	if you think fruit-in-a-bag is fresh .
0	at home in seattle , they 'd be shuttered in a week .
0	warning : do n't go to this place .
0	they still scheduled me for next follow up .
0	the end : i went to the other doctor'office who is my insurance provider .
0	same number of donors , but now it takes over an hour at least .
0	there are usually at least 4 employees wondering around aimelessly while 2 actually work .
0	this was n't a 1 off issue , it 's constant .
0	mom & i were looking for roman shades .
0	i understand they are expensive , but i am looking for standard fitted ones .
0	jc penneys charges more for blackout or room-darkening blinds & shades .
0	i took pepcid and that did n't help at all .
0	then i took some tums , still nothing .
0	tried to go to bed and was tossing and turning all night .
0	finally woke up the next morning feeling a little better .
0	mani-pedi day at the spa for mommy and daughter this past sunday .
0	when we got there were greeted in a chilly manner .
0	the services were set up wrong with the wrong products .
0	the two ladies delivered the services like robots .
0	not what i expected ... not one bit .
0	you need to use the call ahead check in option if you go here .
0	that way you can wait at home until they can see you .
0	the staff is nice though .
0	they just need way more doctors available for busy times
0	i wish the appointment people would answer the phone .
0	left 8 messages and no one has called back yet .
0	unfortunately this is where my insurance wants me to go .
0	i love dr scott connell and tina !
0	this is why i wait to review .
0	i would n't believe anything that comes out of their mouth .
0	thanks for nothing summerhills dental ! ! !
0	the absolute worst experience i have received at a gyno .
0	ok , have a great day . ''
0	during my visits at absolute dental i never seen the same dr twice .
0	i was only aware of this once i did my annual credit check .
0	dr. c. gidwani was rude and abrupt in a saccharin sweet way .
0	and i still do n't know why i need a specialist .
0	4. now to tooth # 2/3 .
0	she then drills the tooth , slightly , and asks me to check it .
0	at that point , i just left .
0	thank you dr. gidwani for such a horrible experience !
0	i 'm sure my boys wo n't mind starting school without new clothes !
0	beware of this office !
0	actually.. beware of the office manager jc !
0	she literally was talking over me and not answering any of my questions directly !
0	how are u able to bill someone for service that was never completed ?
0	the best way to describe this place is `` ghetto '' .
0	this is at the eastern location .
0	i assume the others are just the same .
0	they gave me a little pat-on-the back and sent me on my way .
0	i just called to make an appointment .
0	i 'm already on the verge of breaking .
0	he wo n't see me because i take medication for my neropathy .
0	way to make me feel even worse .
0	i do n't even want to bother anymore .
0	some lady who walked in w/a cold went right in .
0	-- -- update after 2hrs finally got in .
0	the pa , alexandra leguire , was awesome .
0	would give her 5 stars .
0	very nice , professional , & thorough .
0	if you must go to this urgent care hopefully you can see her .
0	rest of this place , disorganized .
0	i 'm very disappointed with a final result .
0	i spent about $ 1800 and there is no difference at all .
0	i bought 2 voluma fillers and no results at all .
0	i 've been taking my son to .
0	mendoza for 8 months .
0	i kept giving dr. mendoza a shot .
0	this last visit i walked out .
0	i never walk out of appointments because i 'm in the medical field .
0	i understand things happen , you fall behind on your schedule .
0	but they are always behind .
0	schedule things better or hire an np to help .
0	i waited nearly 2 hours .
0	not to mention there office is dirty and outdated .
0	i brush it off .
0	fine , i 've ran behind on my mornings before too .
0	visit after visit , i knew appointments would last hours .
0	this last one pushed me over .
0	so my baby is behind on vaccines .
0	they rescheduled me because dr. mendoza wanted to leave early on my appt day .
0	it was st. patrick 's day .
0	you work hard , you should enjoy a green beer or whatever .
0	they said to come in wednesday .
0	it 's good to be early .
0	someone who came in after me was seen before me !
0	they call me back finally at 3:20. and i wait .
0	go to the scale at 3:30. and i wait .
0	it 's 4 and i 'm still waiting .
0	the poor medical assistant is running around like crazy .
0	i just lose it .
0	that means i wo n't be seen until 4:30 ? !
0	this is every single appointment people .
0	there offices are dirty , they need better paint .
0	from recommendation of all my mom friends i am going to dr. tenby now .
0	do not do business with this company !
0	run away fast from using this company !
0	it never hurts to price match ... even for the dentist .
0	they quoted me $ 300 for nitrous oxide .
0	i ca n't believe that i have already paid this to this office once .
0	both times they refused to contact my insurance for prescriptions .
0	have also never had any challenges ever in having a pharmacy call to verify .
0	they refuse to apply your insurance if you do not have your card .
0	both times i asked them to check with someone .
0	at $ 50 a month for my prescription this adds up .
0	i will take my business elsewhere .
0	the awesome lady chiro who used to work here is not here anymore .
0	how can they have this guy seeing patients ?
0	he paid no attention to me or why i was there .
0	told me i hav a cold .
0	how and why did i have to pay 60 $ to listen to that ?
0	this was the worst rmt massage i 've ever had in my life .
0	so both my sides can hurt ?
0	so i cut my one hour to 45 minutes .
0	i do not recommend this place .
0	lying face down was not comfortable .
0	so why only 2 stars ?
0	when i started , our classes were ran by a young woman name amy .
0	he was present and attentive .
0	justin stopped working there and it was back to amy .
0	perhaps the same thing happened with justin .
0	anyway , i did n't stay to find out .
0	i called 15 minutes after appt .
0	i have record of it on my phone .
0	i forgo a session so you do n't have to honor your session .
0	this is not good customer service !
0	just my two cents .
0	they delivered our baby and her sister 's baby .
0	unfortunately what prompted me to write this review is their office staff .
0	to say they are grossly incompetent is an understatement .
0	ya , that was n't going to fly .
0	she wo n't be going back .
0	they are killing your business reputation .
0	oh how do i do rate and review bright now dental ? ? ?
0	5 stars for that !
0	their over booking appointments and time delay brings the stars down .
0	the mass confusion my account also brings the stars down .
0	the confusion with my dental plan also brought it down .
0	i really appreciate that .
0	this being said , she brings the stars up !
0	i hope its a good ending .
0	i asked the receptionist if it was ok and she said yes .
0	again , is said no to her great idea .
0	we got into the room and she sat down and left me standing there .
0	i let her know that i did listen to it .
0	her main response was `` really '' to most of what i said .
0	she seemed to have a lot of negative comments and expressions .
0	i was shocked and did not fill the rx .
0	i would not recommend this doctor to anyone .
0	he was rude , pompous and egotistical .
0	he sure was n't interested in anything i had to say .
0	the results of the biopsy - inconclusive !
0	i have an appointment there in early january .
0	if they had my number they should have called well before now .
0	not the week of telling me i have until 2pm to pay .
0	i have never missed any payments whatsoever .
0	$ 40 are you kidding me !
0	if you had my number you should have called sooner .
0	lord knows they do n't call you until after 90 days .
0	not a fan at all .
0	but this is nothing in comparison to what came later .
0	i do n't get blood drawn well and it was always a huge deal .
0	what a great visit .
0	all around , not a great place to be .
0	that was the last straw .
0	no respect at all .
0	whether i am 21 or 35 , i deserve respect .
0	especially after reading other reviews , i am so glad i 've left .
0	my new doctor is sweet , excited , and takes her time with us .
0	skip ob pv if you really care about your treatment .
0	they are fancy and high-end but really not worth the hassle at all .
0	the clinic also seems nice and clean .
0	however , the clinic 's practises and policies have been incredibly enraging .
0	i even got a blood test once because i 'm paranoid .
0	i did n't notice until i got to the pharmacy .
0	i literally begged for at least six months , but walked away with three .
0	have not had a problem with any department except for the vein surgery dept .
0	due to care concerns , i moved my parent out of the facility recently .
0	bbq burger was pretty good with a great combo of texture and flavour .
0	was disappointed when i got the bill and saw the quick-pick tip amounts here .
0	her response was a dismissive `` well that 's standard '' .
0	this was easily the worst massage experience i 've ever had .
0	on the bright side , i guess my skin is quite hydrated .
0	at times , it seemed like the staff did n't know what to do .
0	maybe i got a rookie , or someone that just did n't care .
0	whatever the case is , i 'm definitely not coming back here again .
0	never again , made an appointment , got in , saw jen .
0	seemed nice enough , a bit rushed but okay .
0	so i tell the assistant ?
0	what my questions are , he scribbles them down .
0	so i 'm left sitting in limbo .
0	while i was there i got a prescription .
0	that was a few weeks ago .
0	i call today to find out that she did nothing with it .
0	so now i 'm almost out of pills and do n't have any coming .
0	i was promptly hung up on .
0	i can only assume that they cancelled it since i obviously ruffled someones feathers .
0	i really think this is an 'all about the money ' practice .
0	i will say that the nurses & doctors are very friendly & helpful though !
0	they really listen to your problem & do their best to access it .
0	that being said , the actual service here is ridiculous !
0	i did n't get seen until almost 1am !
0	aside from that , the waiting room is freezing !
0	multiple people waiting to be seen asked for blankets .
0	below i have shown emails from ms. perez .
0	amber perez warner family practice billing department ( 480 ) 831-8457opt .
0	4 -- -- thank you for your prompt response .
0	the policy number remains the same as i provided .
0	amber perez warner family practice billing department ( 480 ) 831-8457opt .
0	it 's hard to relax when doors are slamming and walls are shaking .
0	first time i went last year everything was good .
0	this year upon returning and totally regret it .
0	i wonder how many comments on groupon are really are from customers .
0	we really wanted to enjoy it like last year what a bummer .
0	the staff is friendly but the doctors are ridiculously cautious .
0	if you need meds for a cough or cold , this is your place .
0	parents - this is not the place to take your kids .
0	i do not like the service i 've gotten from this location .
0	the service is abrupt and abrasive .
0	there are no smiles , understanding or good service .
0	it 's quite obvious that their patients are not top priority .
0	it 's one extreme or the other .
0	but i plan to before my next physical .
0	this office as a whole is very unaccommodating and just rude to patients overall .
0	please save yourself the stress and do not go here .
0	this type of care is egregious and extremely disheartening .
0	at first dr. cotton will get you .
0	she seems nice and sympathetic and kind .
0	thousands in unnecessary `` treatments '' .
0	the work my daughter got done at dr cotton 's was subpar .
0	i 'm a student here currently enrolled this is what i have to say .
0	the school director is a joke he 's disrespectful and clearly hates his job .
0	i can continue with this but i think i got my point across .
0	idea of this place is great , but services are not .
0	i went with my mom and her massage therapist was amazing .
0	his cellphone kept going off and he rushed the services .
0	i ended up leaving the place in pain rather than relaxed .
0	also they do n't thank you for giving them a tip .
0	be prepared to spend hours here though .
0	the front office staff is n't very friendly though .
0	when all was said and done i had spent almost 4 hours here .
0	i am not sure that i will be returning .
0	my wife is now being seen at 5:45 and no one has an explanation .
0	this is n't the first time we have waited forever at this office .
0	the worst doctor ever .
0	he only gives you prescription and get you out the door .
0	i am very suspicious of all those good ratings about him .
0	went in 2015 for an exam and the staff was ok. dr was great .
0	the staff was n't so nice then .
0	they insisted i try using bausch and lomb again .
0	since my prescription changed , i was at their mercy .
0	i said i 'd purchase another sample set just to try them again .
0	i just want to see clearly !
0	dr. torres was absolutely awful to me .
0	i was so shocked i could n't say anything .
0	and then stood up and left .
0	seriously one of the worst manners ever .
0	i felt scared and confused and he made it so much worse .
0	i went home in tears .
0	i will never go back to him .
0	i love the convenience of marc 's in avon but i must change stores .
0	it 's just filthy .
0	the building is new - why is your store so dirty ?
0	garbage everywhere - floors dirty , produce awful .
0	it has the appearance of little to no maintenance .
0	seems like it would be an easy fix but alas not to be .
0	you 're convenience will be missed but i just ca n't do it anymore .
0	terrible communication amongst staff .
0	i think its telling that there are numerous similar complaints that wfp responds to .
0	my experience is similar to many other individuals who posted here .
0	my insurance covers routine exams at 100 % .
0	please be wary of this office and their practices .
0	my doctor sent over a referral for a procedure on 6/21/17 .
0	i called to make an appointment .
0	whoever does the referrals was n't available .
0	also , they did n't do the procedure , modified barium swallow test there .
0	they could n't get me in until august 14th at the earliest .
0	they would call when the referral came in .
0	well , it 's august 17th , so i thought i call .
0	this person was so nasty it was unbelievable ! !
0	i asked about what was happening and off she went .
0	telling me that she called me and spoke to me .
0	which she did n't .
0	i keep extremely detailed notes , plus i am not senile !
0	well he never received any notification .
0	i 've seen him several times since june !
0	she calls me a liar and was just unbelievably rude for no reason !
0	it 's not like i called screaming !
0	she really needs to find another line of work .
0	hopefully , one that has no contact with people !
0	it was great when i saw dr amy sparks for the 1st time .
0	imagine my surprise when i received a bill a year after that 1st visit .
0	the most i should 've been charged is the $ 14 copay .
0	? what about the patients who can not dispute ? ? ?
0	i argued with them for weeks until they told me to just ignore it .
0	that 's it , i 'm switching doctors
0	very rude and acts like she hates her job .
0	she forgets the meds she has you on .
0	worst psychiatrist ever with the worst attitude ever and she makes you feel uncomfortable .
0	run far away from this `` doctor . ''
0	the service levels are simply ho-hum to disappointing .
0	i do not recommend .
0	i should have read all the reviews before making an appointment .
0	their system said i had been called and i was not .
0	save your money ! ! !
0	totally not concerned about your needs .
0	it 's a facade .
0	nothing special at all with these ppl .
0	they mandatory want to keep you at least 21 days .
0	but it 's totally not worth the money or insurance cost .
0	this is the worst place for treatment .
0	i 'm a local and for this place to be called luxury is joke !
0	total fraud ! ! !
0	i will never get help here nor recommend this place to anyone .
0	dr nakhle is great but unfortunately the wait time to see him is hours .
0	in january i had an initial consultation with dr. mckenna .
0	i was fine with this initial delay .
0	especially because they were switching physicians due to their own scheduling issues .
0	sorry dr. richardson but your office staff cost you money .
0	bottom line - do not use valley ent .
0	lady booking appointments was very unaccommodating .
0	she said , `` well that 's what everyone wants . ''
0	there are now appointments from now until whenever , first thing in the morning ?
0	i would give this place no stars if i could .
0	we have been going to dr. steve since my son was 2 years old .
0	never any problems with him .
0	i went in expecting to schedule the root canal .
0	this is the only cavity he has ever had .
0	i left the office in complete shock !
0	just seemed a bit excessive to us .
0	my dentist was in utter disbelief .
0	he could n't believe the `` treatment plan '' that dr. parsa provided .
0	my dentist found 1 problem .
0	you read that correctly - 1 problem .
0	here we go again - for a 3rd opinion ! ! !
0	both my dentist and children 's dental village said that nitrous would be sufficient .
0	sure makes $ 637 seem like a `` good deal '' !
0	that is still $ 1,154.25 more than children 's dental village .
0	now , do n't get me wrong .
0	but why would we want to put him through more than is necessary ?
0	why would anyone want to do that ?
0	they really pushed hard for that .
0	i am so torn with this place as another poster has said .
0	last night was a different story .
0	he was walking out the door as i was still talking .
0	i could n't believe it .
0	and they were n't busy , like at all .
0	we got in and into a room in less than 10 minutes .
0	hence why we are here !
0	he 's violently coughing and complaining his chest hurts .
0	idk if i will come back to this location .
0	i did my research on dr. layton before going .
0	he has great reviews - all over the web , not just on yelp .
0	my appointment went well .
0	when did it get bad ?
0	the next day i got a call from evdi for my mammogram .
0	well - that 's news to me ! !
0	no , `` we should have called you . ''
0	that 's kind of a frightening call to get , for one .
0	and for two , what if i had gone and gotten a mammo ! ?
0	today was my second appointment after not hearing anything .
0	when i did n't go i expected a call .
0	that 's quite a big error .
0	maybe he does - but his shared office staff does n't .
0	( i 'll save that for another review ) .
0	so , i chose this dentist .
0	there 's no dental assistant , helping the dentist ! ! ! !
0	his equipment is outdated to the max .
0	ughhhhhhh ! ! ! ! ! !
0	what is with people and wanting what i asked for ! ? ! ?
0	good thing my friend is a dental assistant !
0	went to see angela derosa a few years back in the scottsdale office .
0	i do not personally recommend this woman .
0	pizza bar is disgraceful .
0	2 people ignored my family and i today .
0	i mean burnedwe order pizzas at a minimum of once per week .
0	lately , the people in this department have had poor attitudes .
0	lazy and ignoring customers .
0	but now it 's ridiculous .
0	also , veganaise and refrigerated sections are seriously out of stock .
0	only the basics we ca n't get anywhere else from now on for us .
0	and another voice responded `` no , probably just someone leaving . ''
0	all i get is `` sorry , we 're closed . ''
0	this time i get one word - `` sorry . ''
0	i look up to see faces of stone .
0	i get a short reply , `` 5 pm . ''
0	i then ask if they know when phoenix children 's urgent care opens .
0	it was like it wasnt the same doctor .
0	this er is horrible !
0	i 'd give it negative 5 stars if i could .
0	i brought her at 8pm on a monday night .
0	it took 4 and 1/2 hours before a doctor saw her .
0	the staff was unfriendly , not helpful & just horrible .
0	i would n't come here again if my life depended on it ... literally !
0	i took the day off work and arrived at the appointment .
0	incompetent staff just cost me a day off work .
0	took my best friend here for tonsillitis , absolutely horrible service ! ! !
0	waited over 3 hours and still never got put in a room !
0	the two nurses lindsey and amy were very rude ! ! ! !
0	evidently , the two other reviewers had a good experience with the office staff .
0	therefore , i quit going .
0	it did not matter that i had other serious health problems .
0	the staff reacted quite like bullies on the playground with sarcasm and hostility .
0	went in with aches and pains and left with the same aches and pains .
0	she would start to work a muscle , then stop .
0	one or two passes around a muscle is n't working it .
0	nothing got worked out , some areas like shoulders did n't get touched .
0	i feel like i did n't have a massage at all .
0	i suggest trying elements in summerlin for a completely different experience .
0	mmm , i do n't know about this place .
0	this was the regular diet meal , not a special diet .
0	several of the staff looked like they were on drugs themselves .
0	not much of any kind of activities for the residents to do .
0	however the tour of the inside was a different story .
0	nothing was said about not accepting them .
0	i said ok , but asked how much my secondary insurance would cover .
0	she said `` i have no way of knowing that . ''
0	i said ok , i 'd like to cancel my appointment .
0	bad experience and did n't even see the doctor !
0	today my wife wanted to change her appt .
0	maria 's conversation was harsh , rude and unprofessional .
0	i hope the manager will do more than just `` talk to her ! ''
0	maria needs to find another job !
0	what is my dentis going to do with those besides have a good laugh ?
0	steer clear of any dentist with low pricing .
0	it 's never a good sign .
0	it 's already 2am there 's still 2 patient still .
0	and she told us it 's also the same here .
0	so she said we 'd rather stay .
0	and i told her why do n't you hire more doctors .
0	and she answered me in a rude way that nobody wants to works nights .
0	this is the worts urgent care crew and staff that i ever encounter .
0	my second complaint is with the office staff .
0	even just calling for an appointment is a nightmare .
0	this is probably the absolute worst part about going here , in my opinion .
0	the staff is horrible .
0	my third complaint is with connie knapp , apn , and dr. torres .
0	connie is just unfriendly , and has a rushed , uncaring bedside manner .
0	but the real problem is dr. torres .
0	i saw him through my first pregnancy .
0	i ended up with a c-section .
0	i was so shocked i did n't know what to say or do .
0	the store definitely had the chain , mass-produced feeling .
0	how dare you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! inconvenience ? ? ? ?
0	my call was only returned 1/23 after leaving a long message .
0	imagine a mother hearing that ! !
0	told me to call him anytime i needed more assistance .
0	doctor said may take up to a year of using the eye drops .
0	how dare you just tell me `` sorry for the inconvenience '' ! ! !
0	up to now , i have not heard from dr nelson !
0	showed up for appointment where they photocopied my insurance card paid my copay etc .
0	if you go here call your insurance 1st .
0	this is by far the worst run medical practice in the state of nevada .
0	whoever answered the phone at 1953hours today , november 6,2015.. shame on you !
0	this place is not at all what they say it will be !
0	they say it 's free but i knew that would n't be the case .
0	i lost my weight but never got my money back .
0	simonmed must hire anyone with a heartbeat .
0	my doctor could n't even use the info from the ct scan .
0	that was a week ago ! !
0	will never use simonmed again !
0	for me.like many.rather die.before seeing him agsin
0	the office is huge and only 1 young dentist works there .
0	private practice is the only way to go .
0	i 've always loved banner facilities but my experience here was horrible .
0	i went in with a sore throat.the front desk process was pleasant .
0	i gave it one star as i had a decent parking spot .
0	i have used this location about 6 times as it 's very convenient .
0	each time they are rude and incompetent at best .
0	my bad for continuing to try every now and then .
0	i do really try to give people the benefit of doubt .
0	my daughter was fasting for her test as well .
0	patronize this location at your own risk .
0	you have a child become so upset and agitated ?
0	purely pathetic and insensitive .
0	i have spinal stenosis and arthritis in my knees .
0	i have been going to the henderson facility for almost three years .
0	today was the last straw .
0	please avoid this hospice company , and instead choose hospice of the valley .
0	the nurses seemed like lovely people and seemed very concerned for my dad .
0	he was aware of this and did not object to it .
0	i understand that hospice provides end of life care and makes patients comfortable .
0	as soon as he was stable enough to leave serenity house .
0	i called elizabeth myself to clarify what she 'd told mom .
0	i had to leave a message .
0	elizabeth-there 's a thing called number blocking .
0	your vacation is not my problem .
0	you might deal with people dying every day ; i do n't .
0	now they 'd downgraded themselves to really tacky people in my opinion .
0	having a loved one die is a naturally stressful time .
0	go with hospice of the valley .
0	my kids loved it .
0	i decided to schedule my regular cleaning here and i was very disappointed .
0	the hygienist named barb i believe was very rude and unfriendly .
0	i was very offended and ca n't believe how unprofessional that was .
0	i was so irritated that i just left and told them to call me .
0	i probably will not go back here .
0	worse doctor visit ever .
0	the receptionist mixed up my daughter 's chart with someone else 's .
0	like i sed worse doctor office ever !
0	i paid $ 40 for dr. arvin tounian to check me .
0	i waited for 6 weeks ( ! ! ! )
0	t. nguyen could see me , and she put the new retainer on .
0	she did sloppy work , and only 3 weeks later my retainer fell down .
0	i was n't even eating , it just fell down by itself .
0	in real life , it lasted 3 days and the retainer fell again .
0	this time dr. tounian referred me to another clinic - cheyenne dental group .
0	they did n't had my retainer ready , and not even my teeth impressions .
0	there has to be better places .
0	i have been going here off and on for over a year now .
0	tried 7 or 8 therapists .
0	therapist quality here is very hit and miss .
0	i laid on the table getting more and more frustrated .
0	i do acknowledge that the location is convenient and the premises is clean .
0	i was proffered a disingenuous and cursory apology .
0	i paid for the massage and left .
0	i will forget these loss-leader discount places that hire neophyte therapists .
0	the cost is just too high .
0	i was told that amy , the team leader , would call me .
0	what is the point of having team leaders if they do n't follow up ?
0	i 'm cancelling my account .
0	i do n't want to deal with this company again .
0	this place is so unorganized .
0	we moved from florida 18 months ago .
0	what is needed for public school should n't be out of the ordinary .
0	each visit was met with the same lecture and often double teamed .
0	it was beyond exasperating .
0	constantly told what i was doing wrong and my concerns fell on deaf ears .
0	worst urgent care ever .
0	was told and given paperwork by them for my high blood pressure .
0	waiting over a month for my results and still nothing .
0	these people are idiots !
0	horrible service do not go here ! !
0	that was three years ago .
0	fast forward to today .
0	i have been given anti-anxiety pills .
0	tynara is absolutely the worst pa i 've ever been to see .
0	courtney was awesome but left .
0	other pa 's have been great and have moved on .
0	i love dr. ram , he is excellent and very well-trained .
0	i think josh is good but overworked .
0	at least i know my care will be consistent .
0	i hate to leave after 15 years .
0	it is scary to wait much longer .
0	not worth the hassle !
0	way better staff and service !
0	will never use this urgent care facility again !
0	huge mistake coming to this urgent care !
0	it was n't busy and very few people were in the waiting area .
0	groupon promises that medication is included & it is not included !
0	i will take my business elsewhere , this place is completely dishonest .
0	oh this month is a guaranteed win it 's tax month .
0	its a revolving door of of practitioners coming and going .
0	the only positive experience i had was my initial visit .
0	since then , it 's been a nightmare .
0	i would never recommend anyone going here .
0	there are many fine , qualified physicians in the area .
0	robert newman , md , an ob gyn should not be your choice .
0	the lady that answered the phone when i called was horrible !
0	i will never go to this nationwide again !
0	they do n't even deserve 1 star !
0	i will not return .
0	the woman went outside .
0	secondly i was informed i needed an mri .
0	after one week i called back .
0	nothing had been sent .
0	then next day i called .
0	they claimed they sent it to a different diagnostic center .
0	this was not a new prescription !
0	i had left so many voice mail messages to so many different people there .
0	i do n't think they ever listen to them ! !
0	finally , i needed my mri results but my doctor was out of town !
0	i was assured i would be contacted .
0	it 's like a bad dream dealing with that office !
0	a few days ago i got a rash of some sort .
0	so really they just wan na keep making money off of me .
0	brcause they just want my money !
0	i will not be returning to this practice .
0	and i was the only one on the schedule .
0	this place gave me the creeps for a medical clinic .
0	even if it is a abortion clinic they should give you a comfortable feeling .
0	i 'd rather have my miscarriage at home than a creepy place like this .
0	i would not recommend this office for your children 's pediatric care .
0	this was at a 6 month appointment !
0	you guys i ca n't make this stuff up !
0	do n't do it .
0	it was possible that the teeth supporting the bridge could rot if not cleaned .
0	first of all , dr rowe has her desk sitting behind the receptionist .
0	yes , this all boils down to the bottom line , money .
0	i most certainly wanted to find a trusting dentist .
0	one that i felt comfortable with .
0	unfortunately , this was not the case in the office of dr rowe .
0	the dental assistant , super friendly and sweet .
0	i do hope she gets a degree and gets paid what she is worth .
0	actually the rudest staff i have ever witnessed .
0	you do n't have privacy .
0	your in a room full of people .
0	the `` vip '' room is a stupid little room .
0	would never go back .
0	i didnt want to leave a tip .
0	then , without going into details , dr vesna violated patient confidentiality .
0	so we left and are now seeing another doctor we trust .
0	i purchased a groupon for a couples massage .
0	i found that odd , but we proceeded with the massage anyway .
0	once we entered the room we were asked to undress in preparation .
0	my massage was n't horrible but felt rushed and awkward .
0	at one point they massaged our legs with rocks .
0	she kept hitting my ankle bone with the rocks .
0	at one point she lifted and dropped my legs ?
0	i do n't know if she thought that would loosen me up ?
0	please tell me what part of that would be relaxing ?
0	as she continued on to my back it was the same thing .
0	as she rubbed my back her stomach was hitting my head , repeatedly !
0	this was the worst massage i 've ever had unfortunately .
0	both masseuse 's completely ignored massaging our thighs .
0	my husband specified some problem areas which was completely ignored .
0	on my sheet i wrote all areas as i had no target areas .
0	once again here they were shoving those intro papers into our face .
0	now i knew what the preset tips were about .
0	they have you `` rate '' your experience .
0	i did n't want to be rude and planned to tip regardless .
0	obviously i would n't rate my experience great by any means .
0	to me this tactic is very tacky !
0	my husband tipped them $ 25 and we left !
0	unfortunately our search continues for a really good spa ...
0	this was an extremely negative experience .
0	i am a banner employee .
0	i waited and then the girl cam out and said the nurse said no .
0	after $ 9000 paid i was told my son needed braces again .
0	they accused him of not wearing his retainer which he always did .
0	and , then they said he needed braces for another $ 3k .
0	well , let me see , it was n't my son making the payments .
0	2 stars are for fantastic nurses .
0	hospital gets no stars .
0	wife arrived by ambulance at 5 on thursday with broken ankle .
0	emergency room doctor saw her and put in a splint for surgery on friday .
0	did n't get into surgery until 5 pm , full 24 hours after admittance .
0	in pain the full time .
0	no way to run a hospital .
0	go to centennial or summerlin .
0	i did not feel well and was not ready to go home .
0	we will not return .
0	this place is by far the worst !
0	they make sure to collect your copayment before hand .
0	unbelievably the worst customer service .
0	the selection of clothes is not very good and the staff ignores you .
0	she replied that it would be extra $ 150 for a nice full set .
0	that is on top of the $ 50 i had already spent on groupon .
0	now i have to call american express cancel my charges an informant groupon .
0	i would just beware .
0	what if you needed a fill ?
0	i wish i had read reviews before i wasted my money going here !
0	i was assured i would .
0	i went and lo and behold she was n't .
0	she was a nurse practitioner ! !
0	she had a kind if all attitude which i was not impressed with .
0	i 'll never go there again !
0	i am a senior citizen with a bad right knee .
0	shame on you for such poor customer service and caring !
0	seeing dr. paige was an extremely disappointing experience .
0	it was n't until then that dr. paige finally came into the room .
0	not a call , text ... nothing .
0	not very friendly not very helpful .
0	yes they did answer my questions and they do have some great products .
0	sorry folks i ca n't give you a good rating on this one .
0	i would rate in the negative range if i could .
0	andrew was super nice but the hypnosis was more like a relaxation meditation .
0	i felt kind of nice afterwards because it was relaxing .
0	just left about 4 hours ago .
0	the doctor did not exam me in a way that i most doctors would .
0	i got vitals taken by a nurse who were really awesome .
0	he asked a lot of questions for 5 min .
0	i paid $ 85 since it was my first visit .
0	he did not explain how to use my prescription .
0	so i called their office and asked how .
0	the doctor we not willing to speak on the phone w me .
0	i do n't recommend this place to anyone .
0	for the sake of your health and finances please avoid
0	i went yesterday for mothersday and took my mom for the first time .
0	read some reviews seemed like it would be a nice relaxing time .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	their massage techniques were terrible the worst i 've felt .
0	we both need another massage .
0	i 've definitely been to better spas .
0	the pa and medical assistant were terrible .
0	it 's so upsetting .
0	also the bathroom was filthy and the trash was overflowing in the room .
0	horrible ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	rude ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	and only $ 20/hr !
0	this dentist is way too busy working on too many patients at one time .
0	the dentist seemed bored with the whole procedure .
0	i can understand being busy , but honestly they have no excuse .
0	there was 1 person in front of me .
0	there were no patients besides myself & the other person .
0	this is n't the first time this has happened either ... .
0	was 20 minutes early for appointment .
0	waited another hour after appointment time to see dr toth .
0	dr too busy to see me .
0	i would not recomnend this practice .
0	do not think they really care about patients , especially after surgery .
0	staff did n't even tell me my doctor was running behind .
0	this made me late for work .
0	doctors charge us if we are late the same should apply to them .
0	what i did n't know was : 1. the dr. is n't really available .
0	it felt like i was visiting some sort of high school work program .
0	pa is physicians asst which is a nurse with some advanced training & licensing .
0	i do n't have any reason to go back .
0	not helpful at all , do n't come here .
0	do not go here ! ! !
0	i do n't think that she knew what she was doing .
0	she did n't even look at my tongue .
0	i have had a lot of acupuncture .
0	what kind of customer service is this ?
0	we 've been going to them since moving into the city 6 years ago .
0	this place is terrible .
0	dirty , unsanitary place with rude people who half ass do their jobs .
0	he has fallen out of his bed easily at least 15 times a week .
0	this place is done .
0	patients beware this is day light robbery
0	went in late around midnight - they are open until 4am .
0	everything was going decently until he stopped to answer his phone .
0	will never go back ! ! !
0	deeply disappointed with this practice and medical advice .
0	i had double pneumonia for 2 months that they did n't diagnose .
0	i will find a new primary care physician
0	scheduled a massage for my elderly father .
0	he could not find the location .
0	he did not have the number to inform them .
0	getting a person on the phone is almost impossible at sw kidney institute .
0	i am trying to pay my bills and ca n't seem to get anyone .
0	i ended up leaving a message for call back .
0	seki should install an on- line payment system like some.of the other medical organizations .
0	i am receiving invoices when i paid in full on my visit ! ! !
0	so annoying ... ... and the prescription is the worst i have ever had .
0	they tried fixing it and still not right !
0	dont go there ! !
0	do not go to this place .
0	it takes three to four weeks to get your glasses .
0	and the prescription was not right .
0	i paid over $ 700 and the prescription is not right .
0	i 'm 61 years old and have worn glasses for over 20 years .
0	this is the worst prescription i have ever had .
0	pros : friendly staff , state-of-the-art equipment and gadgets .
0	cons : everything else !
0	thanks but no thanks !
0	i rest my case : http : //www.smartmoney.com/plan/health-care/dentists-drill-for-dollars/
0	when asked why , '' well i can guarantee it 's fine `` .
0	with him being the only doc i 've seen/primary care for about a month .
0	i have had my glasses for about 2 years .
0	they look more like some film is coming off .
0	i had to beg them to replace them the last time .
0	now it 's doing it again .
0	they said there is no film on them .
0	she will not give you a straight answer for price .
0	she is a con artist .
0	she will keep on calling you honey and honey that with broken english .
0	she will also try to use her broken english to cheat you with price .
0	what a shame because frank was very good .
0	find a different place to work for frank .
0	i got there and the receptionist was very nice and accommodating .
0	i expect to see a chiropractor 2-3 times a week for my current issue .
0	i 'm not going to wait this long each time .
0	came here with my husband who has neck pain from a car accident .
0	this dr is clearly about the money , not about the injury .
0	he should be there to treat your injury , not push attorneys .
0	walked out and wo n't look back .
0	$ 275 in copays equals to zero functioning glasses at optic gallery .
0	i visited the office to request a pair of prescription sunglasses back in may .
0	they recommended single vision glasses with eyezen and polarized .
0	when these glasses arrived i could n't even see thru them .
0	it was like everything was fluid .
0	they repeated the lens order just to have the same effect .
0	the doctor double checked the prescription and recommended progressive lenses .
0	when i returned to optic gallery after struggling with the glasses for a week .
0	do n't go here if you 're paying cash .
0	that 89 dollar coupon is a scam .
0	they told me i needed a `` deep cleaning '' .
0	`` how much is it ? ''
0	`` that 'll be shown in your treatment plan . ''
0	i laughed at it , and then walked out .
0	did the work in one cleaning .
0	cost : $ 95 .
0	we found a tiny table .
0	the server asked for my cc i gave it to him .
0	where 's the card ? ``
0	asked me this so rudely ! ! !
0	he eventually finds my card and charged me for someone else 's food .
0	nobody has yet to call me and i still have charges on my card .
0	she made me feel like i was a bother to her .
0	i gave her my work order then she said you fasting ?
0	she need to learn more on how customer service works very unfriendly .
0	everyone there was polite and good with my 2 year old son .
0	my problem rested in the cost .
0	it was $ 162 for a `` cleaning , exam and flouride . ''
0	we were in the exam room for maybe 8 minutes .
0	went there on 12-4-2017 due to severe pain in my left elbow .
0	could not bend my arm under any circumstances .
0	so he just took `` straight away '' shots of the elbow .
0	2 1/2 hours wasted .
0	`` never again ! ''
0	i was guided to this practice when my usual doctor retired from medicine .
0	the woman i spoke to on the phone was terry .
0	terry 's attitude through the entire phone call was snappy .
0	she cut me off every time i started to speak .
0	i signed in and was given the usual paperwork .
0	it made it extremely hard to hear what terry was saying .
0	oh yeah , god forbid you have to explain something twice .
0	you do not know the specific circumstances surrounding my situation .
0	her lecturing me made me feel even more anxious .
0	i was so glad it was over .
0	when i went to pay i had to go to terry .
0	funny , when she was taking my payment she was remarkably pleasant .
0	this place just made me feel so uncomfortable .
0	***went to pick up my prescription today , dr. stephens prescribed the wrong pill .
0	do not go here , it 's an utter disgrace .
0	did not provide adequate instructions pre-surgery .
0	had to wait 2+ hours after scheduled start time to start the surgery .
0	i scored a groupon for i think $ 39 for a hour .
0	the facility is clean , very new and well appointed .
0	walking out was just like walking in , just a bit cleaner .
0	the receptionist was unfriendly , and very short in her answers .
0	really did not seem to care about anything .
0	went back to see the doctor , very impersonal .
0	i 've never felt so used before .
0	worst of all , i feel like i 'm in worse pain than before .
0	i only went to them because they were close to me at the time .
0	next time i will travel to what i see as the better location .
0	i really wanted to like this place .
0	i went to the dentist and they took an xray .
0	my husband specifically informed them on the phone to look for an abscess .
0	this all happened last week .
0	well flash forward to this week and my pain is increasing .
0	i was unhappy about this but i trusted them .
0	i thought wow , this must be tmj possibly .
0	i was in severe , severe pain .
0	how did your dentist miss this ?
0	you need to find a new one immediately . '
0	he then got me into a dentist to perform an emergency root canal .
0	how cherrington saw none of this is beyond me .
0	stay away ! ! !
0	i have never in my life heard of such nonsense !
0	i was waiting for my pedicure as this was going on .
0	this is so wrong and cruel .
0	stay far away from this office
0	we had to tell her this & avoid re-filling patient information .
0	i went last year and the girls were incredibly rude and unhelpful .
0	i ignored them and did n't complain .
0	i also wo n't be going back .
0	i thought `` sure why not '' and this place had good reviews .
0	no foot included which was weird considering it was a reflexology specialized place .
0	dropped two more dollars and got out of there .
0	i will not recommend this place .
0	their appointment system is sham .
0	they never keep to their appointment time .
0	you wait like 40-45 minutes before you are called in .
0	then they will make you wait at the dentists chair for another 20-30 mins .
0	my wife went twice and it was same story of long wait times .
0	dentists are no good either on both bedside manners and medical treatment .
0	they are rude , start treatment without telling you what they are doing .
0	we had to go in again to get the same problem fixed .
0	lilly , .. the makeup tattooing lady was very unprofessional .
0	it was painful as well and she said it would not be .
0	i 'm very very dissappointed in my experience with lilly .
0	and she was rude and also very argumentitive .
0	not ones that are rude and money hungry .
0	we were seated immediately , no menu .
0	we looked at the girl and made eye contact .
0	we watched the other girl make 3 smoothies .
0	we looked at other people looking back at us knowingly .
0	eye contact again with the hostess , waitress , whatever -- nothing .
0	17 minutes later we left .
0	we never even saw a menu .
0	they dont have a separate table for body massage .
0	only foot massage chair that lies down .
0	not what im used to from cali .
0	the front lady was also very rude with her attitude .
0	came in to see a pa , she was fine .
0	peggy at the front desk however has grown quite unpleasant .
0	she said , `` no , there will be no switching .
0	she was 12 and they cancelled her .
0	i felt badly for her .
0	if you do n't care , do n't do patient care !
0	i also had another time when i had a diagnostic mammogram to be ordered .
0	i called back for 3 months before the radiology center finally received it .
0	i ended up needing surgery !
0	do n't waste your time seeing dr. nahkle .
0	he might be knowledgeable but i never saw it .
0	his bedside manner is deplorable .
0	i waited 2 weeks for nothing .
0	worst experience with a doctor .
0	i hate that this information is not updated .
0	yelp , can you be taking businesses down that are not around any more ?
0	i 've gotten an mri before and paid a small copay .
0	these people do n't care either they are just paid to take your money .
0	go somewhere else before you visit this corporation .
0	a few weeks ago i stroll into whole foods looking for some supplements .
0	not a head nod , no eye contact , nothing .
0	perhaps my expectations are too high for this establishment .
0	so i wander around looking at items and looking for my supplement .
0	i 'm asking too much are n't i ?
0	i need to become a whole foods snob , right ?
0	well the cashier was n't the nicest .
0	the wait at this office is the worst .
0	i waited over 1.5 hours to get in and i had an appt .
0	i made appointment for beyond fabulous facial .
0	came on time and confirmed with the front desk .
0	i needed to get cash since everything fell out of my wallet at home .
0	a big fee upfront and then an additional fee that your bank charges you .
0	i had a cornea transplant done by dr. dow 3 years ago .
0	he also did a cataract in my eyes at the same time .
0	he managed to well my iris to the lens with the laser .
0	he did seem to think this was an issue .
0	his answer to everything was just get a contact lens .
0	i was recommended by an optometrist to go see another doctor for a consultation .
0	i would let dr. dow lance a boil on my dog 's ass .
0	probably my fourth time going there .
0	still contemplating whether i give them a second chance or just move on .
0	my husband found his massage satisfactory and it was still a good price .
0	this place is a joke .
0	they have one person in the office .
0	she is trying to check everyone in and do all the testing .
0	if you have time on your hands this is your place
0	the fees they charge is a complete rip-off .
0	this is a scam .
0	these guys are crooks .
0	dr. damian is inconsiderate and unprofessional .
0	my first appointment i waited 4 hours to be seen .
0	the staff was not very pleasant either .
0	if you complain they make you feel like you did something wrong .
0	if i could i 'd give no star i would .
0	supervisor was rude when returning an item .
0	threw my groceries i was purchasing around .
0	worst pharmacy ever ! !
0	my doctor sent a prescription for an antiobiotic to this pharmacy on thursday .
0	when that pharmacy tried to fill the prescription , guess what ? ? ? ?
0	they could n't because cvs had already filled it on friday .
0	i 'm only thankful that the prescription was not life or death !
0	do not go here .
0	deceptive business practices in place .
0	do not sign up for trial or sign any contracts .
0	i repeat do not do business here !
0	expect to pay a ton if you go here .
0	i 've never paid so much after insurance for an xray .
0	we went there for suspected hip dysplasia .
0	my daughter is fine but my bank account is not .
0	we will not be going back , unless i want to go bankrupt .
0	she used way too much lotion .
0	very sloppy and seemed like their routine could use some straightening up .
0	the gilbert office was booked so we were referred to the chandler office .
0	two things that i would assume to be common since .
0	2.5 hours total time out for 1 newborn doctors appointment .
0	be prepared to wait an hour after your appointment time before you get in .
0	also , everyone in the waiting room was complaining about waiting so long .
0	office staff is rude as well .
0	i really should 've looked at the reviews before coming here .
0	all the other complaints are very similar to mine .
0	i was one of those people .
0	i came in they were extremely nice and took care of me .
0	i had a tooth that needed to be pulled that was very loose .
0	so i told them i would start there .
0	let 's get my tooth pulled and see how i feel after .
0	the only problem i had was my loose tooth .
0	i just left it alone .
0	i controlled what would happen and i 'm okay now .
0	but just today my wife went in to have two teeth pulled .
0	for 3 teeth ( implants ) they were charging 10,000 with insurance .
0	everything is always put on the screen for us to see .
0	with a final number of almost 3,000 for 3 plastic teeth .
0	when asked how the number jumped so high .
0	they should try to be more understanding to what the client is going through .
0	they clearly have a problem with customer service as well as ripping customers off .
0	they are very nice as long you pay what ever they ask .
0	we will never come back here again .
0	i hope this helps others .
0	just pay attention and ask questions .
0	it 's not fair to over price and take advantage of customers .
0	the staff said that there was not an appointment available for 2 months .
0	she was absolutely horrible .
0	i had a horrible experience with this office .
0	i wanted to try their another flavor but they would not honor their coupon .
0	what poor customer service .
0	pinching penny 's just to loose a good customer .
0	got one filling fixed at the new place for 150 bucks .
0	and if you have kids , do n't even think about it .
0	i would give a `` 0 '' if i could !
0	are you serious ! ! ? ?
0	ca n't wait to finally be in a new office !
0	she kept leaving during my massage .
0	we paid for a 70 minute massage and it was less than an hour .
0	then when we were leaving the lady told me to tip her more .
0	do not go to this sleezy place .
0	so many other reflexology joints that are worth it .
0	i guess they do n't need my business !
0	they wo n't match prices .
0	their version of customer service = conceited indifference .
0	stopped by here today for some protein powder .
0	they have a great selection of products crammed into this little spot .
0	and , the staff seems really knowledgeable about supplements too .
0	their response : i was waved off with contempt .
0	but , it 's my six dollars , and why waste it unnecessarily ?
0	i 'm sure you can figure it out .
0	i went here for a crown and i never saw the same dentist twice .
0	the first one did the mold .
0	he drilled the back of the front teeth and left them feeling awful .
0	now my bite is off and ruining my front teeth alignment .
0	i am going to another dentist to hopefully get this corrected .
0	they have their money and that is all they are concerned about .
0	i am warning anyone considering on going here to not go .
0	it is awful ! !
0	they also try to up sell you every chance they get .
0	most of my fees were paid by my insurance and wsib .
0	the clinic could have pulled my report for my contact info .
0	this place is terrible i do n't recommend it !
0	i do n't not recommend this place what so ever ! ! !
0	was going to make an appointment .
0	i got an awful first impression of whoever was on the phone .
0	she sounded irritable , gave me one word answers and just sounded completely unwelcoming .
0	i think her name was jessica or something .
0	you just lost a customer .
0	detoxification is not good .
0	you wear a weird wristband connected to some machine that does seemingly nothing .
0	abc of massages is direct contact .
0	the owner gave me a sour look and said it was too low .
0	within a month , both nose pieces broke .
0	i 've never had this happen on any frames before .
0	i was required to drink 32 oz of water 1 hr before my test .
0	now it 's been 90 minutes since i drank the water .
0	mother nature is calling and they do n't care here .
0	with all of the skilled doctors they supposedly have -- whats the point ?
0	this dentist office is the worst .
0	that was the last straw for me .
0	this dentist is only there for show since the technicians do all the work .
0	any place is better than this dentist office !
0	after several years he closed his small practice and moved to cardiovascular consultants .
0	cvc could not give me the required reports and information .
0	cust service not friendly .
0	a place u dread to have to go .
0	understaffed in all areas .
0	i would never come back .
0	i love my primary barbara hoose , but i will nvr come back here .
0	charged my card on file without my permission which caused me to overdraft .
0	i came to this salon because of the high ratings .
0	they even offered me a discount since i was unhappy with my french pedi .
0	the facility is clean and has a very relaxing atmosphere .
0	one of the lines came out slanted .
0	the lines on some of the toes vary in thickness .
0	overall just not very clean or neat .
0	i did n't want to take the chance .
0	so perhaps the other services are good ; i honestly do n't know .
0	what i would n't recommend is getting any french mani or pedi there .
0	the staff are all friendly which makes an office visit much more pleasant .
0	i will not return to even try to have them fix it .
0	better to cut and run .
0	wish i had been a yelp user before i went there .
0	if i could give 0 stars i would .
0	they were booked but said they would call if any cancellations .
0	they sent a reminder text on the sunday and again on the monday .
0	i thought ok this is great !
0	i have never done this treatment and was really looking forward to it .
0	then she says can you come thursday instead ?
0	like my time and my appointment was not important or a priority .
0	i said no and why are you cancelling my appointment ?
0	i will take my time and my money elsewhere .
0	beware..this is how they treat new customers .
0	i 'm sure they are all very nice people .
0	but i should of walked out when i had the chance .
0	i scheduled a chem peel at the last minute on a saturday .
0	finally i get in to see the person i had the appt with .
0	she was really nice but was having an off day it seemed .
0	then she started going `` serum '' crazy .
0	like serum after serum after serum .
0	one was a vitamin c serum .
0	and it turned me oompa loompa orange .
0	but all the serums start coming off and its just falling off in chunks .
0	gave me a .25 oz sample size and charged me $ 5 for it .
0	my skin did look pretty good .
0	and the next day it was tight and dry .
0	but i never peeled .
0	and that $ 5 lotion ?
0	instead of peel , i broke out like a mo fo .
0	i 'm going to try a dermalogist instead .
0	good night pediatrics gets no stars from me !
0	what happened to you good night pediatrics ? ! ?
0	we have been coming to good night peds since they opened .
0	our last visit was horrible .
0	staff is so unfriendly with no personality .
0	dr gave us 5 minutes of her time and left .
0	plus they misdiagnosed my daughter !
0	do not bring your children here .
0	they really scraped the bottom of the barrel when hiring staff here !
0	not going back there again !
0	worst of all , his hands reeked too , as he is a smoker .
0	could hardly move the entire day today .
0	unfortunately , it was an experience i would want to forget forever and ever .
0	the longer i wanted my nails i it would be 10 $ extra ?
0	vacationing from hawaii and i can find better services in hawaii .
0	i 've been with this doctor for the last 5 years .
0	i do n't know what happened but i can not book an appointment anymore .
0	the appointment was made for the next day .
0	dr. vazquez was so , so rude .
0	wish i could do more than just write a bad review .
0	she 's the best ! !
0	this place has horrible service in pharmacy !
0	! ! ! ! ! warning ! ! ! ! ! !
0	if you value your limbs do not get seen by dr. robert evans .
0	he should not be considered a doctor .
0	he and everyone in his office are below terrible !
0	let me break down what happened to my dad , in a nutshell .
0	keep in mind my father has diabetes .
0	two days later it is now oozing puss !
0	this was her response : `` looks infected .
0	needs oral antibiotics no doubt .
0	higher infection risk with diabetes too of course . ''
0	evan 's assistant says it is not infected .
0	we are irate at this point and take him straight to the e.r .
0	to see a competent doctor .
0	i would not recommend robert evans or anyone at his office .
0	if you choose to , see him at your own risk .
0	side note- the er we went to was mercy gilbert and highly recommend them .
0	i agree with maria p- the schedule reflects their care for their patients .
0	i always here these stories yet trusted their recommendation .
0	i would give it 0 stars if i could .
0	they can barely handle making appointments .
0	had an appointment yesterday for the first time as a new patient .
0	after an hour wait i saw the doctor .
0	if we did we would be out of a job !
0	worst customer service ever !
0	do n yourself a favor and find a different group !
0	needless to say , i will not return to this office ever again !
0	great experience with the optometrist !
0	that was not an issue at all .
0	it was the `` upsell '' of items when looking into purchasing glasses .
0	we walked and shopped around .
0	anytime that i can save $ 390 dollars i am going to .
0	seems shady and i wo n't trust them or be back again .
0	i called a total of 6 times .
0	the first two times i was disconnected .
0	i hung up and called back , three more times .
0	never got through to anyone again .
0	i guess that 's too much work .
0	lesson learned : always yelp first ! !
0	finally went here to see what it was all about ... .very disappointed .
0	it was a very messy , dirty store and extremely small aisles .
0	they sell a lot of expired products .
0	it was rude , so i brought my stuff to another cashier .
0	i would rather go to tutti frutti where the prices are a lot better .
0	you can be saving up to $ 5- $ 10 at times .
0	like some of the other negative reviewers , i also share a similar complaint .
0	their thing is to always get payment regardless .
0	my 9 yr old son needed to have a tooth extracted because it broke .
0	that was on 1/2/13 .
0	they would ve gotten payment from me and from the insurance .
0	my 2 kids had dental appointments tuesday and i was running late .
0	stephen answered the phone when i called to say we would be late .
0	i asked him how much that was .
0	he told me $ 25 per kid , so that would be $ 50 .
0	if we were one minute late we would be charged a late fee .
0	we ended up not keeping our appointment with that outrageousness .
0	they were just too lazy to do this .
0	i paid about $ 90 for the services .
0	the insurance paid $ 113.81 .
0	brooke told me that the late fees were $ 70 , not $ 50 .
0	i told her that that is what stephen told me they were .
0	she said he is wrong and i owe the $ 70 .
0	we have been going there for 2 yrs or more .
0	so , we had to reschedule .
0	dr. cotton had to fly out the day of our appointment .
0	our appointment was already set .
0	brooke should ve honored what stephen said .
0	rather , it appears that they are upset at me and just finding reasons .
0	yes , this is a pediatric dentistry .
0	when you have kids , things happen , but that doesn t matter .
0	for those good reviews , well , wait until you have an issue .
0	it will not be pleasant .
0	me : nope receptionist : did they tell you they were running late ?
0	even my experience with the closed mri was much more friendly and gentle .
0	here it was sorry lady .
0	bah i will not be back .
0	this place is only good for people who ca n't afford insurance .
0	i do n't know what the fuss over fresh is all about .
0	we walked in and were squeeeeezed into our seats .
0	it was very uncomfortable .
0	the food is blah as well .
0	boyfriend ordered the thai curry ( buddha ) bowl .
0	i ordered a the phytosalad .
0	i probably preferred the salad to the curry bowl .
0	they were both ok. i would not come again .
0	i went to this dentist for a regular check-up/cleaning as a new patient .
0	a new client should clear their whole day for this place .
0	what dentist keeps a new patient waiting 30 minutes ?
0	there were no other clients in the office .
0	how desperate can a place be ? ! ?
0	i will not be going back to this place .
0	no dental appointment should ever take 2 hours .
0	they have to keep up their state of the art equipment ... ..
0	do not go here ! ! ! !
0	they do not care ! ! ! !
0	i came here & was being treated by dr. jung .
0	i called in last week to tell them i still need my prescription .
0	here it is a week later & still no prescription .
0	why is there no doctor there on a friday ?
0	if no one can help me ?
0	thanks for caring about my mental stability ! ! !
0	oh and btw , not the first time they did n't send a prescription .
0	if its brand new it should be good right ? ''
0	this was probably the single worst dental experience i 've ever had .
0	the one good thing was that i got an appointment for the next day .
0	good quickly turned to bad when the assistant came in to take my x-rays .
0	after the cleaning came the real pain .
0	the dentist came in to do some drilling and fill in a cavity .
0	ive had a torn meniscus for a year and then he just says reschedule .
0	we have gone here for years .
0	they are very disorganized and lack customer service skills .
0	as for the providers , the wait time is unacceptable .
0	yes , we have the appointment cards on these and they clearly state 8/14/2018 .
0	no , we never received a call that their appointments had changed .
0	his appointment was confirmed for 8/14/2018 at 8:30 a.m. and no labs were needed .
0	appointment was confirmed a week before ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i called the office on 8/14 and asked for the office manager .
0	as of 5:28 p.m. 8/15/2018 i have not received a returned phone call .
0	8/27/2018 at 10:17 a.m. my mom received a call from kim .
0	she said she was the office manager .
0	what happened to tammy and/or shannon ?
0	anyway , she explained and felt as nothing was going to happen .
0	i laid into her about the issues .
0	my husband felt dr. stern an adequate provider .
0	my father did not like him at all .
0	the problems in a nutshell : not gentle , not thorough !
0	unfortunately , this was to the detriment of my dental health .
0	the inflammation went away on its own but came back a few months later .
0	the next time i went in , i told them about it .
0	as well , i had fillings twice .
0	i have a hard time opening wide - it really hurts my jaw .
0	that 's when i realized i had the wrong dentist .
0	i switched to another dentist - female that also works on children .
0	they found two spots where this had happened .
0	now i know - a bad dentist is a really big deal !
0	i need to speak to mary montes .
0	she has no clue of my situation or the insurance system , apparently .
0	my name is joy alberico .
0	i would give them zero stars if i could .
0	why would anyone want to go to this place ?
0	i have never encountered such rudeness .
0	the receptionist was condescending and belligerent .
0	do not waste your time calling .
0	you wo n't regret it .
0	she 's thorough and she listens and the kids really like her .
0	we really liked her .
0	they treat every interaction with you like you are inconveniencing them .
0	the appointments average two hours .
0	our quickest appointment was one hour .
0	our longest was three .
0	( well appointments , not sick . )
0	i wish dr garcia would get new employees .
0	until she does do n't go here .
0	can not say enough about how disappointed i am in this chain practice .
0	i would not recommend this disrespectful practice to anyone .
0	thank goodness i called because they informed me i did n't have an apt !
0	i said , i never canceled .
0	finally i said what can we do to fix this .
0	she was still focused on reviewing her `` notes '' .
0	she again read the `` notes '' that said i canceled .
0	i had a breast augmentation and lift.this doctor was charming and i was inexperienced .
0	a doctor not telling a patient of what could go wrong seems like malpractice .
0	i would never recommend anyone to this doctor
0	this store is a sh ! thole .
0	the staff is friendly if you can find them .
0	the company chooses not to employ anyone at this location .
0	the shelves are picked through and not restocked .
0	the merchandise looks tired and aged .
0	if you continue to not serve our community appropriately .
0	please shut down and let another group service us .
0	did i mention my wife was high risk ?
0	there were complications which i attribute to the long wait .
0	do n't do it ! ! ! ! !
0	can i give zero stars ? ? ! !
0	get ready to be treated like a transaction rather than a patient .
0	it 's like they 're all robots .
0	no one cares if there is an issue outside of their daily standard procedures .
0	it 's as if they will do whatever to charge a patient extra money .
0	i rescheduled to april 7th .
0	no apology , no compassion- he just acted like a moron-what a jackass !
0	he was clueless and apathetic at best !
0	they will not get another penny from me !
0	horrible customer experience ! ! !
0	walked out not buying anything .
0	i have never been disappointed at t.h.c the holistic center
0	i saw dr. torres .
0	i had heard he was a decent doctor .
0	i was not satisfied with his service or that of the entire office .
0	he told me it was n't necessary because it was n't my history .
0	she did n't answer any of my questions or give me any information .
0	they scheduling person never has any clue what is going on either .
0	they are not that friendly either .
0	i would never do business with this company again .
0	however , my major complaint is that i was not given my prescription .
0	eventually i was in for a contact fitting and asked for a print out .
0	i had the same issue with my contact fitting .
0	needless to say no one called me back .
0	skip these guys and go elsewhere .
0	this place does not even deserve one star .
0	i 've come 2 times .
0	and another 20 mins in the room before seeing the doctor .
0	she has taken her phone out 2 times to google things .
0	i know doctors do n't know everything but that just is unprofessional .
0	i 'm disgusted and so disappointed with this clinic .
0	it 's not only me .
0	waste of time and money
0	pushed my sons dairy allergy off as dry skin/eczema .
0	took him in today .
0	he 's been sick and i was just diagnosed with double pneumonia .
0	he diagnosed my son with croup .
0	i knew this was n't true so i got a second opinion .
0	my son has pneumonia as well !
0	you are a god damn idiot ! !
0	and i will never be back here .
0	think twice about bringing your kids to this shitty place !
0	i never once had my lower back touched ! !
0	horrible experience through and through .
0	first off , they are remodeling and it 's confusing which door to enter .
0	root canal was done wrong by dr trujillo .
0	he did n't numb me enough and started working and i screamed and cried .
0	there was no laughing gas .
0	she said she would call me `` in the next few days '' .
0	it was wednesday and now it 's tuesday of the next week .
0	after calling today , the receptionist got back to me and left a message .
0	my urgent care dr said he would never prescribe 800mg ibuprofen ! ! )
0	and finally , there was a cockroach in the back of the new office .
0	i want my money back there is no appointment with specialist .
0	i needed an x-ray on my right wrist .
0	i called 4 times to schedule an appointment .
0	when i finally got through - `` oh , x-rays are walk in .
0	no appointment necessary '' .
0	i have always received speedy service at valley .
0	that was a 5.5 hour wait .
0	this place solicited me to leave were i was to come to them !
0	i did not seek them out they solicited me out !
0	what a big mistake ! ! ! ! !
0	i have severe hip pain from radiation i had 2 cordizone shots scheduled .
0	i called my provided they said i didnt need prior .
0	we had a bad conversation i got rude and so did they !
0	a bunch of nit wits !
0	this post is more about the office itself than the doctor .
0	then i waited over an hour to see the dr. beisbroeck .
0	the office also failed to even apologize about this whole horrific experience .
0	i re-explained the situation and said that i was frustrated about my whole experience .
0	if i could give them zero stars i would !
0	yep this practice is horrible .
0	always wait 30 minutes past appt time , constant turnover .
0	front staff is clueless , never follow up .
0	weeks to get referrals , etc .
0	run do n't walk away from this place .
0	i do n't recall ever getting a prescription filled on time by this pharmacy .
0	every time you call , it 's a different a excuse .
0	i had cool sculpting done without results .
0	i 'm 5 ' 3 and 124 at the start of the treatment .
0	sadly i see no results now 4 mths out .
0	i wish they would have said i would n't see results at the consultation .
0	the lack of results has made me depressed .
0	it was an extremely expensive $ 1200 lesson on body exceptance .
0	i 'm not perfect but i 'm pretty damn lucky to look this way .
0	also ... .thank goodness high waisted jeans are in fashion
0	in hindsight i 'm kicking myself for not driving elsewhere .
0	a few weeks down the road however , the pain was back .
0	so i call them back .
0	i went in for my appointment and everything actually went amazingly smoothly .
0	they told me the only part my insurance does n't cover is $ 154 .
0	all is good right ?
0	nope , sorry , your insurance did n't pay .
0	okay ... so i call my insurance company .
0	so i call the dentist office back and explain this to them .
0	`` well , do you want to get paid or not ? ''
0	well , they failed to put most of their info on it .
0	in the meantime the jerks try to send me to collections .
0	they send me nasty letters in the mail about every two weeks .
0	every time i call and they deny sending anything .
0	i have the freaking letter in my hand !
0	bottom line , do not ever go here to get anything done .
0	their front desk and billing staff are horrible .
0	the x-ray tech was really nice .
0	it took forever to book a family doctor .
0	i went in for a couple of times for walk in .
0	i was pretty upset with that visit .
0	but i am willing to give it second try .
0	i was surprise they did n't tell me when i booked my appointment .
0	i suppose this is not the first time it happened .
0	and this only means i have to wait however long to book another appointment .
0	also i never get a call back for an alternative arrangement .
0	i do n't argue further guess it 's not a good fit for me .
0	not at all impressed with the gilbert office on mercy .
0	not kid friendly or cozy environment- especially waiting room .
0	md mckenna not touchy feeling ( maybe a bad day ? )
0	and made us wait 25 min in the room until she came in .
0	then spent under 10 min with us .
0	chandler office is a better environment .
0	np was very helpful and nice .
0	a lot better service and attention .
0	these 5 star reviews have to be fake .
0	i found bow valley massage online and thought i 'd give them a try .
0	my massage was with a lady named linda .
0	what i got was a very light massage with her elbows only .
0	i do n't think her hands ever touched me .
0	i will not be returning .
0	their webste evn advertises lower than emergency tom costs .
0	i went twice with my sin and paid 160.00 more than i planned .
0	do not go here to save $ $ $ $ $
0	the worst women 's healthcare you will ever receive .
0	i will never return to this women 's `` healthcare '' facility .
0	i was incredibly disappointed with this place .
0	it was so ... wrong .
0	i did n't but i did want to get out of there fast .
0	i will continue driving to my favorite place on the westside .
0	it 's cheaper too .
0	seriously misled ... 4 stars ?
0	very disappointing visit for pch .
0	we have never had a bad experience with them until last night .
0	the lack of communication and organization was sad .
0	all the while my son does not even have a diaper covering him .
0	the school itself , is another story .
0	the plumbing was always out of order .
0	water was flooding the hallway and classes had to be cancelled several times .
0	i do not know if it has been fixed since i 've been there .
0	we got yelled at that it was not professional .
0	of course i do n't look like it .
0	but that was n't allowed .
0	our lab had freezing water as well .
0	the bullying was horrible .
0	so much for their no tolerance on bullying .
0	i never thought too much about which dentist i go to .
0	unfortunately , i needed a deep cleaning .
0	i was quoted a certain price after they looked at my insurance .
0	i 'm just out of college and a public school teacher .
0	i could not afford this !
0	the actual dentist was an absolute jerk to me .
0	basically insulting my intelligence !
0	the dental hygienist actually apologized for him !
0	she was professional , thorough , and extremely nice !
0	she was the only reason i stayed as long as i had .
0	i do n't understand what the motivation is for this .
0	she demanded i pay full price and ca n't use the voucher .
0	something came up and i asked to reschedule .
0	she refused to let me reschedule .
0	i 'm sorry i could n't make it .
0	this was such an unprofessional experience and just wasted $ 139 .
0	the procedure took all of 2 minutes .
0	felt like was behind a curtain in in emergency room .
0	the photos on yelp and the web site are deceiving .
0	the video was taken someplace else .
0	could n't do much with my feet in a bucket .
0	some people like this deep stuff , but not me .
0	next i was escorted to another room with curtains for a body message .
0	they were under towels but it was too awkward for my taste .
0	i felt like i was walking through the men 's room to leave .
0	i wo n't be returning .
0	horribly disorganized place , do n't even bother !
0	complete lack of customer service .
0	mind you they still have 15 minutes before the store closes .
0	never again will i go to massage envy at rock springs .
0	the service has really gone downhill .
0	all the good therapists have left .
0	trying out boca park next week .
0	happened to you ? ? ?
0	i hope you got a restraining order against him ' ... type of shiner .
0	my eye was/is literally black .
0	and my face wo n't move to this there is no excuse .
0	there was also no follow up call as was promised .
0	on the up side .
0	the facility was clean and cherry .
0	the front staff very nice .
0	dr t ... . forgive me ... .. i strayed ... ...
0	my first appointment was great !
0	i left feeling very optimistic and excited to finally be rid of my allergies .
0	complete waste of time and i ended up late to work .
0	really makes me feel cared about .
0	one of my concerns is that i 'm dealing with depression .
0	for the month i was on it , the results were great .
0	as a result , i am now looking for a new medical office .
0	i waited for the doctor for an hour and 45 minutes .
0	they always seem to run behind .
0	parking is horrendous too .
0	i never want to go back .
0	how can i rate them 0 ?
0	they 're greedy and do n't listen to me .
0	i 've switched psychiatrists with no hope .
0	i 've been misdiagnosed for years as well .
0	how many people have they killed ?
0	do n't expect to be seen anytime near your appointment .
0	thought i could drop in on my lunch .
0	do n't , do n't , do n't go here !
0	especially an 1 1/2 hours before they close !
0	avoid this place ! !
0	i do n't recommend coming here .
0	i waited almost an hour after my appointment and still was n't helped .
0	dr. lokey was rude and condescending .
0	she made snide remarks on multiple occasions .
0	our family and our friends have since changed and are much happier .
0	save your time if planning to donate goods .
0	i called them ... they give an all day window for pick-up..great !
0	next , driver shows up and takes out a branch on my tree..wonderful .
0	now they start to examine and cherry pick what they want .
0	none of this was worthless junk mind you .
0	do n't waste your time with this chapter in cleveland .
0	call goodwill ... they 're helpful and grateful for donations .
0	this office is terrible .
0	i was in the hospital and saw a dr from this group .
0	i was told to schedule a stress test when i was released .
0	well that was impossible .
0	so i left without scheduling .
0	do you know what 's slower and more inefficient than calgary laboratory services ?
0	very , very disappointing service .
0	i went last fall for a teeth cleaning .
0	today i went in for a teeth cleaning that i scheduled 4 weeks ago .
0	i never got a phone call , email or text from them .
0	now it 's too late to schedule anywhere else .
0	i 'm very disappointed in the lack of professionalism .
0	i 'll be choosing a more reliable dentist from now on .
0	that 's where the positives end .
0	i went there for a skin check by the doctor .
0	she performed cryosurgery , which has left a noticeable scar on my face .
0	i wo n't be going back .
0	this is the worst office i have been to .
0	be aware if you are on medicaid , they are the worst mco ever .
0	you will end up paying cash for every doctor you see .
0	whatever doctor we find on their list tells us to pay our own bill .
0	it happened every time .
0	avoid them ! ! !
0	once you pick them , your nightmare will never end ! !
0	i ca n't believe i have to give at least a star ! !
0	this should be a negative star place ! ! !
0	i just got out not even 5 minutes ago .
0	then we wait for the doctor to come right , ? like usual .
0	by this time its maybe 3:40pm .
0	these kids are 12 6 7 4 and just got out of school .
0	there hungry and cranky !
0	and i have other things to do .
0	im sorry but i got other things to do and feed my kids .
0	then the doctor was only in there for less than 5 minutes .
0	if i could give this place a zero i would ! ! ! !
0	i went there one time .
0	er wait time was 5 hours .
0	spent a total of 16 hours in er ... staff extremely rude
0	it was like it wasnt the same doctor .
0	edit- they tried to fix the situation with a free massage .
0	i have yet to receive that massage .
0	i called my doctor to refer me somewhere else , never this place again .
0	soooo that pretty much means there is a bi-annual admin fee charged .
0	awful communication between staff , security , and visitors .
0	again , i had problems with security .
0	i explained i did n't have a vehicle to lock them up in .
0	they told me they do n't hold those items at the desk .
0	they scanned me with a wand and i went through .
0	the nurse explained it was okay .
0	30 minutes later while visiting security asks `` what 's in your pocket ? ''
0	i told him `` my wallet . ''
0	so i ask security `` why did the e.r say that i could ? ''
0	a female security guard asks `` who told you that ? ''
0	i told her `` you did . ''
0	because she was in the lobby when i first arrived with another security personal .
0	i gave her my wallet and told them they need better communication between staff/visitors .
0	he worked himself up during an outburst into an asthma attack .
0	i told her needed treatment , a nubulizer , an inhaler or something .
0	ca n't you see he 's having an asthma attack ? !
0	can you get someone ? !
0	he ca n't breathe ! ''
0	the doctor decided to do an x-ray on his lungs .
0	i am changing my review .
0	i still think dr. cotton is great with kids chairside .
0	first , they insisted that my daughter have nitrous oxide for sealants .
0	the cdc and the ada were at odds with this last i checked .
0	it causes fluorosis , and even the ada recognizes this .
0	to be clear , i 'm not anti-fluoride .
0	my kids get fluoride treatments , and i 'm ok with that .
0	agree with her , or disagree .
0	we were running a few minutes late for our appointment .
0	nine minutes to be exact , as i pulled into the parking spot outside .
0	two hours on the road was totally out of the question .
0	i was scheduled at 11:30 , and lunch apparently begins at noon .
0	i told her we 'd be finding a new dentist instead .
0	first off , it was nine minutes .
0	i 'm thinking they 'd have a pretty empty schedule .
0	running a practice is n't just about what happens in the treatment room .
0	did the 60 minutes foot massage .
0	not only it was the worst massage ever .
0	it was the most ridiculous experience ever .
0	the masseuse demanded a 30 % gratuity .
0	i have never heard such a thing .
0	lots of bells and whistles , not all necessary .
0	all the x-rays and photos of my teeth took forever and were torture .
0	my cleaning was pretty painful .
0	they were very careful and sweet w my son .
0	i do n't feel what they prescribed was necessary .
0	my husband had a horrible experience w them so we wo n't be back .
0	it 's time to change doctors .
0	my mother uses this doctor .
0	i think i will be reporting them .
0	this is not the only issue i have with this place .
0	the dentist , dr. kim blanding has no business being a dentist .
0	my so called well woman exam was a joke .
0	no introduction no pleasantries .
0	he gave me a breast exam and that 's it .
0	i would never recommend this doctor .
0	here is how my office visit went down .
0	arrived and filled out their paperwork .
0	one page asked all the usual medical questions .
0	office worker called me into a room .
0	took my contact lenses out - we ran some tests .
0	i am in an eye doctors office - right ?
0	i go into another room and run through the eye chart - lens tests .
0	then they dilate my pupils .
0	i sit in the waiting area -not too long .
0	go back into other room - dr runs more tests .
0	then they bring me back into the first room for another test .
0	she says - ok then you do n't need to take this test .
0	i tell them again - i ca n't see anything .
0	they said - oh - you are done with your exam .
0	can i put my contacts back in ?
0	the doctor came out and explained everything to me .
0	i paid and left .
0	i ended up buying them online for about $ 80 total .
0	i also had to call 2x to get them to fax me my prescription .
0	outrageous billing , especially considering service i received was just horrible .
0	i would not recommend going to them at all .
0	so why are they using this as a method to diagnose the problem ?
0	i have given this facility three tries .
0	first time was a 3 hour wait .
0	it was busy , so understandable that it could be that long .
0	but i could n't help but feel there was an extreme lack of urgency .
0	staff was ok. not bad , not great .
0	4 freaking hours of waiting till i saw a doctor .
0	while they were apologetic , it does n't excuse the experience .
0	my third and final visit is simply , my last .
0	what in the hell is going on at this place ?
0	it 's not some run down , pop up urgent care .
0	one tip for this place ... set better expectations with your patients .
0	update-i am still trying to resolve incorrect billing issues from 8 months ago .
0	the phone number is out of order .
0	no other information listed for another number .
0	waiting for a reply from groupon customer service .
0	the food is somewhat average .
0	black bean burrito was a 2/10 .
0	quinoa onion rings are pretty delish and the deserts are to die for .
0	this place made me feel like i was at the dmv !
0	they take their sweet time with their costumers sitting behind their desk .
0	they do n't even have a big selection to choose from !
0	well let me tell you !
0	do n't believe me ?
0	then go to pearl vision to compare the cost .
0	avoid this location at all cost !
0	staff is rude , inconsiderate , loses paperwork , very unprofessional !
0	there are several locations in town , visit another one !
0	this place will and has always reminded me of a used car lot .
0	it 's a franchise and the receptionists are friendly , fake and inexperienced .
0	not sure i will return !
0	i visited this urgent care in july of 2014 for dehydration .
0	i asked for a saline iv drip and the pa agreed .
0	i would not recommend this urgent care for anything beyond a prescription fill .
0	he then forgets to put my points for the two smoothies as well .
0	i 'll make sure not to come in when he 's there .
0	i honestly do n't even need to write a review .
0	just look at the ones already written .
0	completely speaks for itself .
0	i could n't understand one word the in-take person said at the counter .
0	please put someone at the counter customers can understand .
0	just tell everyone they need an appointment .
0	they just took people as they came in for appointments .
0	this place is terrible .
0	i work on the same industry i never seen an unorganized health facility .
0	high end optical store .
0	they did not understand my insurance benefits .
0	i am only giving one star because i ca n't give zero stars .
0	i did not put the iv in my arm !
0	plan on waiting 45 minutes even with an appointment booked in advance .
0	i got my nexplanon implant removed $ 234 .
0	i also got the depo shot $ 89 .
0	so why did they charge me $ 383 instead of $ 323 ? !
0	you knew i was getting both services from the beginning !
0	i was told 3 different times that it would be $ 323 !
0	i even asked when making my appointment if there was any other fees !
0	i would of just got the mirena if that is the case !
0	i think it is under new management .
0	was looking for a new pcp .
0	this is n't the place .
0	was early for appointment and had to wait over an hour .
0	front desk staff and intake staff friendly .
0	physician ( janet pragit ) was awful !
0	i needed prescription refills and brought in my old prescriptions .
0	then she proceeded to write one of my prescriptions for 2x/wk instead of 2x/mo .
0	they then billed my insurance company $ 370.02 !
0	if you value your health - stay away !
0	do not go here !
0	dr. robi burns was the most uncompassionate doctor i have ever dealt with .
0	not impressed with office at all .
0	it 's more like a free clinic than a doctors office .
0	transferred me to a another line .
0	i do n't have time for all of that , not returning .
0	secondly , they do n't do substitutions .
0	is n't the vegetarian mentality to love animals and eachother ?
0	or is the hippy kitchen staff too stoned to handle a distinction like that ?
0	the only thing fresh truly has to offer is the coolness factor .
0	love terry and dr tummala but have had recent issues with office staff .
0	i recently changed insurance plans and called to ask if they accepted my insurance .
0	i was told they did and scheduled my appt .
0	they never called my insurance and will not take responsibility for their mistake .
0	this practice looks down on mothers .
0	dr. scott firczak has no kids .
0	he compares raising his dogs to raising children .
0	he insults those that sacrifice so much .
0	there are tons of good chiropractors out there .
0	on another note : the parking lot is awful !
0	came to vegas last weekend to enjoy time off .
0	we bought the $ 29 figures it would a better deal .
0	there was no back massage like other places ive been too .
0	the worst part of themassage was on my feet .
0	i got 30 minutes of barely good massage and a foot massage to remember .
0	maybe next time i will pay regular price instead of using groupon .
0	you have been warned .
0	i 've been a patient of dr. wyse for several years .
0	there are some rare services or individuals that are worth the extra wait .
0	this , unfortunately , is not one of them .
0	such a big carrier with a huge number of subscribers is not accepted ?
0	i 'm sure they 've got their reasons but i 'm really disappointed !
0	the facililty was very clean and orderly .
0	i honestly do n't think the dentist knows what she 's doing with invisalign .
0	i 'm sorry , i just have to be honest .
0	i compared my teeth now versus before , sadly it is too late .
0	please save yourself the heartache of a bad outcome and go to another dentist .
0	i went because i was having a rapid heartbeat .
0	they saw me and determined it was n't an emergency .
0	really ? ? ? ?
0	they could n't have told me that at the beginning ?
0	i could have gone elsewhere .
0	anyway , the entire visit was $ 15,000+ .
0	it 's nothing but pure legal robbery .
0	they should be ashamed of themselves .
0	soup is rarely fresh .
0	seems like it has sat there for a while .
0	there was no one to help either .
0	will i be whole after i eat food from whole foods ?
0	she actually never said `` hello '' and never smiled .
0	ca n't say this was a good experience and i wo n't be back .
0	look for a doctor who thoroughly explains what she is doing and why .
0	i expected better quality of service during my visit but was very disappointed .
0	first problem is price .
0	you will be paying the highest prices anywhere .
0	dentists do n't last long here .
0	we were here two years and are working on our third dentist .
0	3rd problem : scheduling .
0	appointments are constantly cancelled and rescheduled weeks out .
0	i was trying to get my son 's treatment completed since march .
0	i also complained and requested that dr mugelsten ( the owner ) contact me .
0	not a big deal or red flag .
0	i said politely , `` to make an appointment . ''
0	she hung up on me .
0	they took my number and nothing ever happened .
0	at 4:00pm took my dog to stonecrest animal hospital .
0	we got in right away and the staff/doctor were awesome !
0	we had no issues !
0	hope my experience is a single , isolated incident .
0	i feel like a number here and have decided to go some where else .
0	i highly do not recommend this place .
0	do n't let yourself fall by all the toys they have in the clinic .
0	looks can be deceiving .
0	do n't trust this company/location .
0	no issues what so ever .
0	who does that ? ? ?
0	ironic i think not .
0	always get a second opinion ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	and preferably by someone who is not a scam artist .
0	i purchased a cartridge and two dab buckets ( bogo ) .
0	i drove back to the store with the hope of simply exchanging the cartridge .
0	not to mention , why does my 14 day allowance matter ?
0	all in front of an audience of people .
0	i 'm so embarrassed ...
0	all dr. hopkins does is sit in his office and collect his paycheck .
0	i even contacted the college of physicians and surgeons to file a complaint .
0	find a different doctor .
0	you deserve to have your health concerns addressed .
0	i called my insurance company & they verified everything on my card was correct .
0	they helped every single person who came through prior to getting my stuff done .
0	if you have a choice , steer clear of this gym turned frat house .
0	the only thing going for this gym is its location .
0	real attitude problems amongst its staff members .
0	you might even catch them talking behind your back right in front of you .
0	life is too short to be a wynn fitness member !
0	go at your own risk
0	the absolute worse pedicure i have every gotten - especially for $ 35 .
0	the gal actually cut my large toe by too aggressively using the callus pumas .
0	four days later it is finally healing .
0	pay the extra and go to one of the hotel spas .
0	this place is a no go .
0	when are day shift working relatives supposed to see patients ?
0	calloused and arbitrary much , are we ?
0	i ran fast after one initial visit .
0	and not let me stay with him .
0	i switched to boyne and she did n't even use laughing gas !
0	( and let me stay with him . )
0	she used her great bedside manner to put him at ease and distract him .
0	harder work than the easy way out of sedating .
0	food came out barely warm and mediocre .
0	it is vegetarian and vegan friendly but skip it if you have other options .
0	there is no dialog with her .
0	she barely listens and then tells you to let her talk .
0	my concern about side effects i am experiencing totally brushed aside .
0	she talked at me for most of appointment and barely let me talk .
0	if your looking for a good school to better your self run !
0	i went to this school in 2010 and it was very unprofessional .
0	so here i am with 6000 dollars in deat and no degree .
0	burst fracture of my l1 3 weeks ago .
0	had major back surgery and was told that hanger was `` world-class '' .
0	well not quite sure who made that decision for the `` world-class '' part .
0	brace was improperly delivered to me at the hospital .
0	it did n't fit properly and they sent someone to `` fix '' it .
0	then tells me `` appointments take two weeks '' .
0	i would never recommend hanger to anyone .
0	poor quality , poor attitude , and terrible service .
0	i visited pearl med spa because i received a coupon for a free facial .
0	when it was time to pay they charged me $ 12.99 plus tax .
0	$ 14 for a damn glass of juice ! !
0	also the daves killer bread is almost $ 2 more than frys .
0	bathrooms always have lavender soap .
0	at this point if yelp would let me put no stars i would !
0	this place is horrible ! ! !
0	which you would think is great right ?
0	i mean this is so unbelievable avoid at all costs .
0	these people are awful !
0	the company is run like uber or lyft without the professional service .
0	the drivers use their own private vehicles .
0	unethical , unprofessional , and unreliable .
0	stay away ! ! ! ! !
0	apparently they were on lunch break and never communicated this to us .
0	very unprofessional and will never recommend this office !
0	i have a love/hate relationship with the ubiquitous wal-mart .
0	and the prices are usually decent .
0	this was a bad move on their part !
0	my most recent bad experience there was recent .
0	beware on returning products ! ! ! !
0	a few months ago , i purchased an item at the fashion show mall .
0	i did n't like the product .
0	the manager or owner was so rude ! ! ! !
0	he got mad because i bought the item at fs mall .
0	he told me i should go to fs mall to return it .
0	i got there right when it opened .
0	buyer beware ! ! ! !
0	hopefully you will never have to return anything you buy here ! ! ! !
0	i will not be returning to this location !
0	the manager working on friday night 4/18/14 was very rude ! !
0	i had just given the coupon and knew it was in her register .
0	i then asked for a manager .
0	i said that is wrong .
0	most cashiers return your manufacture coupon if it is right in their register .
0	he then just walked away from me and did not resolve the problem .
0	later , i called the cvs i usually go to .
0	be careful about this when you are shopping in this store ! !
0	i found them to be rude , no bed side manners at all .
0	i do n't recommend this doctor or the staff .
0	i wanted to leave their immediately .
0	i was told sign the clip board and to take a seat .
0	i did n't get my paperwork until 8:20am and it was 6 pages long .
0	really frustrated by this time .
0	3 different people by this time ! ! !
0	and the third and final person once again ask me about xrays again .
0	can i say lost of communication again ... grrr !
0	the massage was excellent and my masseuse was amazing ! !
0	it was the `` manager '' my friends and i had a problem with .
0	i told him i already tipped and my masseuse nodded in agreement .
0	if that was the case , the tip was still within their expected range .
0	went there for a second opinion and what a shock .
0	that 's nearly $ 16,000 worth of work .
0	wanted to get it done within 1-2 weeks .
0	he does have lots of fancy equipment .
0	her immediate response was `` do you want to leave now ?
0	i have been with her for 3-4 years .
0	she was obviously peeved at getting feedback from a lowly customer .
0	waited over an hour and a half with 4 people in front of me .
0	receptionist was nice but that 's all .
0	no urgency with my 103 degree fever and chills .
0	i have seen dr. maduka and some of the physician assistants .
0	he has helped me so much with all of my pain problems .
0	so today , i went into the office to do so .
0	mercedes at the urgent care front desk was extremely rude and unprofessional .
0	she told me she would not even so much as show me my results .
0	she said she did n't care because she ca n't find them anyways .
0	so unprofessional and annoying .
0	total wait time in the lobby was about an hour .
0	( did not put me at ease .
0	he did n't really seem to take in what i was saying .
0	and based off asking me my previous experience just prescribed me something similar ?
0	not sure if i was properly helped like i could have been .
0	i wo n't be coming back to this location .
0	this place is so expensive .
0	which ended up cutting way too close to my wedding date .
0	this place is more affordable than others , but not good quality work .
0	i usually crack 6-7 , of 8 attempts elsewhere
0	ive been a patient for over 15 years .
0	i made an appointment for today .
0	when i woke up this morning our apt .
0	and then my phone service was also down .
0	and that i also was out of blood pressure meds .
0	weve had nothing but damaging storms where i live .
0	i have no control over this .
0	ive been a loyal patient for 15 years .
0	it really hurts my feelings .
0	for fifteen years ive always kept my appointments .
0	of course there have been times when circumstances have made me call to reschedule .
0	my sister has cancer .
0	no one to help her .
0	i dont know , why did they get upset .
0	they make me feel belittled .
0	and that im a bad person .
0	thats really sad after 15 years with dr. vasireddy .
0	long waits even when slow !
0	was at er for over three hours and there were two people there .
0	watched a full shift change .
0	it was a painful procedure and my veins are still clearly obvious .
0	see the pictures in my review and read about what happened .
0	they then had a collections agency double the bill with service fees .
0	and that 's legal ? !
0	that is where our power over the institution remains .
0	i told them that they were kidding , right ?
0	she was my my primary physician .
0	any time i mentioned anything , i was thoroughly tested for it .
0	she would do these shots for me and knew my history .
0	it was completely humiliating for me .
0	then i received that $ 700 bill in the mail .
0	besides being treated crappy , her billing was always wrong .
0	always being over billed and double billed .
0	all the things in all the other reviews are true .
0	she is all about the money and prestige and fame , all ego .
0	she will unnecessarily test you to make that insurance money .
0	i guess i will update my post when my daughters glasses are finally received .
0	this store really lacks selection .
0	this was an aggravating experience and we never stepped foot into an office .
0	could not get an appointment scheduled sooner than a month later .
0	and he 's decided he only wants to work three days a week .
0	working in community behavioral health myself , i understand the frustrations of staffing issues .
0	but that is n't actually what 's happening .
0	this place is a falsely advertised urgent care facility .
0	i went in for the flu .
0	i am going to fight this if i can because this is ridiculous !
0	i am looking into asking my regular dr. to refer me to someone else .
0	the shit hit the fan , whoop .
0	then she says `` so , what did we do ?
0	what treatment did we take ? ''
0	-read/review your patients chart before you open your mouth .
0	otherwise , people start to lose confidence in whatever comes out of your mouth .
0	i do n't heart you , i do n't even like you .
0	super expensive for honestly no service .
0	my therapist geriann was amazing !
0	perfect pressure where needed very professional and attentive to my needs .
0	my anxiety was rising and the massage efforts were fading .
0	i had some mango smoothie here .
0	it tasted nothing like mango .
0	it may have made my experience a bit better .
0	another girl prepared the drinks .
0	`` you 're welcome ! ''
0	that you expect as a norm from any customer service position .
0	kinda warm in there too .
0	i would never stop by in the summer to cool off .
0	in short : do n't come here .
0	first i heard of it so i was alil irritated .
0	i have never met such an incompetent family practice .
0	avoid this place at all costs .
0	she seems to know what she is talking about and is well learned .
0	but these are the only things good about this place .
0	my family met with dr. sparks once .
0	we had to wait over 2 months for an appointment .
0	after waiting that long , one would think they would get some individual attention .
0	that 's a negative .
0	dr. sparks did not take any interested in either my wife or i personally .
0	she was unable to take time for us on any occasion .
0	instead , we had to meet with a new doctor hired by dr. sparks .
0	both times , we had to wait over 45 minutes to see the doctor .
0	this is completely unacceptable .
0	we made freaking appointments .
0	showed up at least 10 minutes early .
0	then had to wait 45 minutes until we were able to see a doctor .
0	there is no universe that this is acceptable .
0	this practice has so many operational issues , not to mention priority problems .
0	this was my first time at massage envy .
0	translation , not a sketchy massage parlor .
0	the introductory price was another bonus .
0	you could tell the masseuse was fairly inexperienced .
0	the massage was pretty generic .
0	i probably would n't return .
0	be prepared for the member spew when trying to pay for the one visit .
0	decent prices , but very disorganized .
0	i got 3 different methods on how to treat a nail removal .
0	appointment was at 2pm .
0	it took them 55 minutes for a dentist to see me .
0	45 of those spent in the lobby waiting area .
0	irritated that i wasted 2 hours of my saturday here .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	claimed my daughter had cavities upon a 2nd review proved she did not .
0	we will never go back there again .
0	this doctor is a complete crook .
0	not only was she late to the appt , she did nothing .
0	my primary dr refered me here after an abnormal pap .
0	talk about unprofessional ! ! !
0	so i got no pap , nothing but a bill for 100 !
0	i wasted my insurance here .
0	i have none left .
0	i thought this appt was about my body ?
0	do not go here shes so unprofessional .
0	there are plenty of other obs in the valley who are more attentive .
0	i do not recommend this place to anyone ! !
0	then his glasses broke in half while he was trying on glasses there .
0	`` but your ad right here says you offer 1 hour service ! ''
0	she would n't even check to see if the frames are in stock .
0	completely lack of customer service .
0	other salespeople are just standing there .
0	i go to the back to wait for my husband to get done .
0	doc is not rude , just apathetic .
0	no apology for poor customer service .
0	while my husband is finishing up his dilation , i start to google .
0	found a nearby lenscrafters , called them , they had the lens in stock .
0	we jet over there , one hour later , my husband has his glasses .
0	better frames , decent service and a decent price .
0	there was no excuse .
0	went in on a monday , and the doctor wrote me a prescription .
0	i 'm told the doctor needs to see my insurance formulary .
0	so i take it there , and am told they will call me back .
0	and i 'm told they 'll call me back .
0	do not use this place .
0	i made my final purchase there .
0	customer service is not their strength .
0	the day prior to his appointment my sister receive a call stating the appt .
0	when i arrived i was told my appt .
0	was at 10. which now push me back and made me late for work .
0	i was advised by receptionist that fitting if a crown would not take long .
0	it 's been over 2.0 hour .
0	unbelievable ... .. horrible service .
0	i 'll be taking my brother somewhere else ... , stay away .
0	the waiting room chairs are disgusting .
0	i go to the office on teneya .
0	i was n't told by his offfice i would be seeing a nurse practitioner .
0	even their answering machine is rude .
0	i see the p.a .
0	she has given me new outlook on life .
0	if she leaves i will not go back .
0	no letter , text , or phone call .
0	14 months , seriously ! !
0	i never regretted being to any doctors office before .
0	there is an elder lady right now who is having issue finding her paper .
0	there is 1 and 3 but no 2. what a joke !
0	negligent and irresponsible staff ! !
0	have already reported and filed complaints to allergan and the arizona naturopathic doctors .
0	frozen is a movie ... not what i asked for .
0	plus my eyebrows are uneven .
0	sleazy sales pitch after sleazy sales pitch .
0	am i at a medspa or a dirty used car lot ?
0	over priced membership package ?
0	more botox ? ! ? !
0	are you serious ? !
0	should have walked out then .
0	outdoor sign says botox $ 9/unit .
0	tried to charge me $ 14/unit .
0	complained to owner , she said staff would reach out and apologize .
0	ca n't teach class .
0	doctor 's here are good .
0	but they make schedule for their doctors overlapped in-between patients .
0	no enough time in-between patients for doctor 's to breath .
0	another you have to wait for a long period of time to your appointment .
0	they have a horrible answering service ! ! !
0	it just keeps on ringing
0	i am never coming back here again .
0	i arrived more than 10 minutes early for my appointment .
0	i had to leave because i had other affairs .
0	i will never come back .
0	rude horrible service do n't come here ! ! ! !
0	i arrived shortly before my scheduled appointment .
0	the waiting room was jammed packed .
0	i was not happy with the hour+ long wait i experienced .
0	i took that opportunity to ask what the hold-up was .
0	i was pleasant when asking , not rude .
0	dr. kim 's pa rushed through my exam .
0	specific questions i wanted to ask were left unanswered because of the hurried pace .
0	i will be returning to my former doctor for my next screening .
0	however , this visit was a waste of my time .
0	i 'm a paying customer/patient .
0	spectrum 's administrative staff needs lessons in courtesy and organization .
0	when i got the receipt , it said $ 75 .
0	well , this is my very first comment on yelp .
0	i went to this location today .
0	me and my boyfriend wait there for 20 mins with no one come .
0	i go every month to labcorp for my blood test .
0	here i did one blood test and well the picture speaks louder than words .
0	note im a pretty happy camper with mostly 5 stars kind of guy .
0	this doctor was horrible .
0	i would give zero stars if possible .
0	my second visit just got worse .
0	she had no compassion during a time of loss .
0	to be told what i already thought i knew .
0	thus prolonging my torment .
0	my interaction just went down hill from there .
0	she then did not follow the comment up with a reason ! !
0	because she clearly did n't know `` why '' herself .
0	i had to see her weeks later in order to have surgery .
0	she would not release me to see another doctor prior to the surgery .
0	in the end she suggested i find another doctor !
0	are you freaking kidding me ?
0	as if i would ever allow her to handle my medical care again .
0	i found this place on group-on .
0	the voucher cost $ 39 for a 60-minute massage with an insurance receipt .
0	had to call multiple times .
0	answering machine comes on , but does n't allow you to leave a message .
0	i was a little annoyed because i had informed them i had a group-on .
0	it was their duty to ask if i needed a receipt .
0	i did n't know that they had multiple group-ons !
0	c. the place was filthy .
0	i admit that it 's winter and we all get muck on our shoes .
0	but the floors were disgusting !
0	d. i was shown into a room .
0	and what do you know , a male therapist walks in !
0	i am a woman .
0	i am not comfortable with male therapists .
0	so i proceeded to have the most awkward massage of my life .
0	he kept telling me to relax my muscles , but how could i !
0	i was so uncomfortable !
0	to give him credit , he did keep most of my body covered .
0	i asked him only to do my upper back , neck and legs .
0	he did a decent job .
0	overall , i kept getting a creepy feeling about this place .
0	my husband was laughing when i told him about my experience !
0	i would not recommend this place for a woman for sure .
0	this was my first experience .
0	however , that was a huge mistake .
0	i later emailed the pa to get the results .
0	they billed me and would not discuss it ?
0	but md24 is a really lousy choice in my experience .
0	this was the weirdest couples massage ever .
0	the massage itself was good i guess .
0	the atmosphere and everything else was like something from the twilight zone .
0	the employees at the front are so unprofessional .
0	they were arguing loudly in front of us while we waited for our appointment .
0	he barely looked at me .
0	the glasses arm was broken .
0	so , not professional looking .
0	i got wired up for the weekend long test .
0	the tech who did it was nice .
0	gave me different info than i was told later .
0	i had some nurse that spoke to me like an auctioneer , no kidding .
0	i got nowhere with this place .
0	removal is defined as eliminating .
0	after nine treatments , i still have hair .
0	i would no longer need to shave or wax .
0	that is not the case .
0	the goal of ideal image is to remove 80 % of hair .
0	however , that is not stated in the contract .
0	should n't the lifetime membership kick in years later after the last treatment ?
0	if you want all of your hair removed then continue looking for another company .
0	try your local dermatologist office .
0	he showed me imperfections in my bite , etc .
0	finally , it clicked that they were recommending this for a completely different issue .
0	so finally , they sent me back and they executed the cementing quickly .
0	they never once checked my bite to verify before letting me go , either .
0	they are only in business because they very obviously cater to children .
0	i can not in good conscience even rate at one star .
0	this office has very few good points in their favor .
0	no one answers the phone , the reception person is beyond rude !
0	we will be taking our business elsewhere .
0	find ? ? ! !
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	sad because this is the first negative review i 've written smh .
0	following the apple-green awning to this fresh lively waiting room .
0	there are many reasons to go to a dermatologist - mine ?
0	after chatting about my little dot we decided i needed it zapped .
0	i passed on the biopsy knowing the risks but taking them on anyways .
0	it will reduce the dot but could take a month .
0	so why two stars ?
0	is this priceness due to the convenience of uptown ?
0	if i need more treatments , i will definitely price out other locations first .
0	my vet recommended this pharmacy and they seemed ok at first .
0	you had to call in and place the prescription and they were very nice .
0	when i went to refill , i waited like 2 weeks and got nothing .
0	i tried contacting them through their website as it is difficult to call sometimes .
0	what was the point of putting my credit card info on their website ?
0	well , i went to their website and put in the refill .
0	so i sent them an email through their webiste ... again ... .nothing .
0	well , its been almost a week and still no drops for my dog .
0	that was 2 months ago .
0	i think this will be my last order .
0	1st time , shame on you , 2nd time - shame on me .
0	that 's a rip off ! ! ! !
0	and hey ! ! !
0	the time starts when you are undressed and in the bed ready for massage .
0	it 's a whole hour ! ! !
0	i felt like he was pulling my teeth out .
0	i called and cancelled my next appointment .
0	i have never had a bruise from going to the dentist !
0	i only had x-rays done and 3 cavities filled ! !
0	i will not be returning to them or recommending them to anyone !
0	i would not recommend this office to anyone .
0	this office is not honest .
0	i went there for a routine eye check up .
0	i showed my id and insurance card .
0	just told me after the service is done .
0	i could have gone somewhere where i 'm covered .
0	they just wanted my money .
0	it does n't matter if i signed a financial responsibility .
0	worse pharmacy in belmont .
0	customer service = nonexistent .
0	i highly recommend the walgreens right across the street .
0	the ladies in there did n't have respect for customers .
0	they kept giggling and talking to each other .
0	the girl that i had was veryy lazy about the massage .
0	there was no pressure , as if she was just touching/ rubbing my skin .
0	just a waste of time and money..
0	i told them no , but i was calling in about it .
0	so , yeah -- all extremely important to an extremely ill cat .
0	end of that week -- still no meds .
0	overnight shipping on a friday night ?
0	guess what -- i 've never heard back from them .
0	big time fails through this whole process and zero contact from them .
0	i will absolutely never use them again after this .
0	oh -- and just as an update .
0	nothing is our fault . ''
0	great customer service road runner .
0	what a crappy uncaring company you are .
0	you should be ashamed .
0	would give zero stars if possible .
0	called my insurance and they told me office claimed me for a deficiency .
0	no call or anything .
0	also they sent me to the wrong place ( twice ! )
0	do n't waste your time and money on this place .
0	this is plain crazy .
0	the pharmacist is trying very hard to help the customers .
0	the customer service of the front staff is horrible .
0	sorry but find another pharmacy .
0	i waited another 10 minutes after before being seen by the doctor .
0	the front desk call service is the worst .
0	the doctor experience was decent , however .
0	this dentist is a crook !
0	glad to see his office has closed !
0	i had only had one my entire life !
0	i moved out of gilbert and just went to a new dentist .
0	crazy enough he did n't find a single cavity ! ! !
0	i called and made an appointment on the 12th for 8:30 on the 21st .
0	that 's insane i thought !
0	i have never met the doctor .
0	i did n't know if they would be male or female .
0	the only response they gave is , `` it 's the doctors policy '' .
0	but , not for me .
0	we will never set foot in this place again !
0	charging seniors $ 4 for parking ?
0	why gouge and double dip against seniors on pension ?
0	dr.armagon is two faced and an insensitive person .
0	the manager alice needs an attitude adjustment .
0	we despise your success to the dismay of seniors hoping for compassion and care .
0	unacceptable ... avoid at all costs .
0	so i hoped for some improvement in the office procedures .
0	even the pt office had been watching for a referral .
0	so much for continuity of care !
0	i 'm unsure of how this man receives any positive reviews .
0	he may have prescribed me with useful medications , but he is horrible .
0	they feel their time is more valuable than ours .
0	the receptionist is awful .
0	she crossed her arms and zoned out when talking .
0	so glad my 30 days is done - never again !
0	so much to say about this place and not in a good way .
0	so the spa is located inside the hotel .
0	easy to find and right off the highway .
0	the ambiance and entrance of the spa is great .
0	the space is large and comfortable .
0	the room was also spacious and well laid out but it was cold .
0	i asked about the heating which i was told could not be adjusted .
0	i was offered an extra towel but i remained cold the entire service .
0	strange enough i noticed an electric fire place but it was never turned on .
0	i had a combination relaxation and hot stone massage from an esthetician named ruby .
0	her pressure techniques were strange and a bit unpredictable in a bad way .
0	i did n't feel like i could relax during the service .
0	i also felt like there was no practiced method or organization to the massage .
0	in addition she was using too much oil .
0	i felt like a fire hazard with the amount that was used .
0	unfortunately i do n't think i will be back .
0	the spa is out of my way and it did not meet my standards .
0	i went to a real dentist , and guess how many cavities i have ?
0	yup , that 's right , none at all .
0	i am horrified to think of all the people they have probably ripped off .
0	it really is hard to find a quality dentist that you can trust .
0	would not go back , not recommended .
0	dont believe the reviews .
0	the technicians do poor quality work here .
0	the salon is nice , the technicians suck !
0	a basic gel mani 2 hours and did n't even include a hand massage .
0	i had to repeatedly ask the technician to trim my cuticles back .
0	she argued with me on that too .
0	overall a f experience .
0	go anywhere but here !
0	jesmina shrestha , nurse practitioner seemed nice , but odd and nervous .
0	she had a tablet with someone over video transcribing the visit .
0	thankfully i got the labs done elsewhere and got my results online .
0	waste of money and wastw of time .
0	my hair is black and course and i dont have a hormonal imbalance .
0	that was a lie .
0	most of the staff of nice but not all .
0	since thet dont eant to help i will be making this a legal issue .
0	i do not recommend them ! ! !
0	trying to get an appointment at this place is near impossible .
0	their online system is a joke and the reception never answers the phone .
0	terrible manners and the receptionists are basically useless .
0	never coming back to this place .
0	i went back 15 min later and it was done and on the side .
0	i asked if anyone else could help and they said no .
0	honestly , i was just over it .
0	i paid for my $ 350 in groceries but will probably never go back .
0	this location needs to have a chat with their employees regarding customer service .
0	they do n't even deserve a 1 star .
0	jenelle in the front office is rude !
0	too bad her attitude shows lack of education .
0	what century is this ?
0	people at craft fairs accept credit cards .
0	drug dealers accept credit cards .
0	prostitutes accept credit cards .
0	what the hell is a `` discover card '' anyway ?
0	it 's like the american dream .
0	i tried this place out b/c it 's close to my house .
0	the massage was alright , not enough pressure for my liking but not terrible .
0	the reason for one star ?
0	$ 7 was nearly 20 % .
0	i was horrified that she would even ask such a thing .
0	i stated $ 7 was enough and left and i will never return !
0	health partners of nevada has the most unprofessional doctors .
0	dr. jasper liu is the most rudest doctor i have ever come across .
0	he has no people skills .
0	yelled at me like if i was a child .
0	he assume that i went to see him for my pain medication .
0	i told him that was not the reason why i was here for .
0	then he went on to say he wo n't be seeing me any further .
0	it 's the way he yelled at me .
0	i called for my refills and my pharmacy gave me meds .
0	from him last month .
0	whish was a shock for me .
0	how can anyone allow such a doctor to practice .
0	he is rude and very racist doctor .
0	i hope he loses his license as a doctor .
0	otherwise i would n't have put any !
0	okay so the foot massage was wonderful ... the back massage was terrible .
0	very disappointed in the dentist and staff at affordable dentures .
0	i had my mother go there because of the high ratings in yelp .
0	my mother explained she could n't t eat with bottom dentures .
0	they sent her home with no teeth .
0	elderly people need extra patience .
0	very very unhappy with this company .
0	this store must have the angriest employees i 've ever witnessed .
0	so miserable and unfriendly .
0	if looks could kill , well you get the point ... .
0	staff friendly but no matter how good , no excuse for waiting .
0	and i 've had about 10 appts over the past three years .
0	none were under three hour wait .
0	certainly do not care about the value of patient time .
0	today i had a 3:10 appt .
0	it is 5:40 and i 'm still in the waiting room .
0	i 'm very disappointed in this office .
0	had i known this policy prior , i would not have chosen this office .
0	dental practices have taken a serious downturn the past decade .
0	there is a lot of hard sell now and questionable practices .
0	i have several issues with hudec .
0	moreover , my teeth are just not prone to cavities .
0	so i setup an appointment for simple teeth cleaning and checkup .
0	this poses a problem because they do not divulge costs consistently .
0	make sure you know before you agree to anything .
0	i feel like the hygienist receives commission for procedures that she performs .
0	super deep cleaning which costs over $ 1000 .
0	i remember teeth cleanings used to be way more thorough .
0	i felt worse after the massage than i did going in .
0	i emailed solescape with this information/feedback on oct. 12 and they never responded .
0	this is honestly the worst dentist i have ever been to .
0	sure enough ca n't take it .
0	do not go here !
0	i ended up going to another dentist to fix that .
0	front staff very rude and lacking training .
0	my therapist was nice but massage was very robotic and repetitive .
0	lacks the spa environment .
0	horrible front desk and management .
0	if i owed this store i would fire all of them .
0	the massage therapists are amazing .
0	why was n't i called for the opening .
0	then , conveniently the manager was n't in again .
0	i was told to call back .
0	then , she said the manager was n't available .
0	it 's evident to me that the managers and receptionists need to be fired .
0	bad place to going dr goodman is not a good obgyn !
0	office told me they thought it had gone out but it had not .
0	he wrote the check for me it would be mailed today .
0	i thanked her for the update .
0	this tells me my patronage means nothing .
0	i would called my client immediately .
0	but that 's just me .
0	i do n't expect from others what i do n't expect from myself .
0	this is the worst place ever .
0	if you are injured , please do not bother to come here .
0	i split my elbow open while on vacation in las vegas .
0	unfortunately this was the first place we found .
0	there was no sense of urgency .
0	not even a little sympathy .
0	no one was bleeding or looked in pain .
0	after about 1 hour of waiting ( maybe longer ) .
0	i finally was put into a room to wait for the doctor .
0	i waited another 20 mins for him to arrive .
0	i was taken to another room to have the stitches done .
0	waiting another 30 mins .
0	waited another 45 mins .
0	please do not go here .
0	they trap you in a year long contract and wo n't let you cancel .
0	not worth the money .
0	i was sent to dr. cooper by my primary p.a .
0	i needed blood work to check my hormone levels .
0	i have been having a lot of health problems , so my p.a .
0	wanted me to have bio-identical hormone replacement therapy .
0	supposedly , dr. cooper was one of the few specialists who could help me .
0	well , dr. cooper refused to do anything .
0	i did n't just walk in off the street !
0	this is something my p.a .
0	she spoke to me as if she thought i was stupid .
0	i have never had a more unpleasant experience in a medical office .
0	if you value your time and mental health do not go to this practice .
0	the staff is absolutely incompetent .
0	the burger was tall and thick and difficult to eat .
0	there was a strong after taste of thyme that over powered the burger .
0	the fries were good though .
0	the kaleslaw was definitely interesting , and not in a bad way .
0	the concept is great but over priced and not executed well .
0	however , the wait for this place is ridiculous .
0	i was wrongly diagnosed by my urgent care doctor .
0	the entire interaction with the urgent care doctor was approximately two minutes or less .
0	a very long wait for such a short examination .
0	i would n't recommend this place if you can wait .
0	i only went because it seemed like an emergency .
0	i have not had any acknowledgement or response .
0	i can understand being busy , but honestly they have no excuse .
0	there was 1 person in front of me .
0	there were no patients besides myself & the other person .
0	this is n't the first time this has happened either .
0	it was someone else who was extremely rude over the phone .
0	she was talking to me as if i was stupid .
0	i am talking ? ! ! ''
0	i can not believe how disgusting this lady was .
0	i am never coming here ever again .
0	not to be treated like shit .
0	do not come here .
0	they are incompetent & disgusting .
0	extremely over priced , go to the spa for this price .
0	in my opinion , i really had high hopes for this place .
0	after another customer complained , they finally did something about it .
0	the menu was huge and i needed help navigating it .
0	whoa ! ! ! ! !
0	not what i want at all .
0	i ended up with a pounch burger sized shake and a huge bill .
0	it just did n't live up to the expectations .
0	maybe it was a fluke .
0	next time i am by , i will try again .
0	this is probably going to be my last visit here .
0	i disagreed with her .
0	as she was at this last appointment .
0	so , i declined and said that i was n't coming back .
0	which , really , i have no intention to return .
0	i will be taking my business else where .
0	i went in with a pain in my back upper molar .
0	they got me in quick which was awesome .
0	then i was scared into a extraction .
0	then i actually communicated with them about my problems with the price .
0	i miss my tooth and this is going to lead to problems .
0	looking into further action .
0	just know your expecting a 1+ hour wait !
0	check in process is slow !
0	would be nice if they had a sense of urgency with their guest .
0	last time at this location !
0	and third i did n't see his license on the wall ?
0	i do n't recommend it at all .
0	i decided to take my business elsewhere !
0	what a fucking joke !
0	are you fucking kidding me ?
0	than there was another women scheduled for 11:15 who also was waiting forever .
0	are you fucking kidding me ? !
0	my head feels like it 's going to explode .
0	my pain is n't just physical , it 's mental .
0	depression and migraines combined are literal hell .
0	i do n't want to live like this .
0	i just wanted help .
0	i left in tears .
0	both physical and emotional pain .
0	i ca n't handle this anymore .
0	what a fucking joke .
0	if i could give it no stars i would .
0	they market a birthday gift basket for uw students .
0	i confirmed that the order was received .
0	it was never delivered .
0	now i get my credit card bill and i 've been charged .
0	i really like dr. yu and the back office .
0	the front office fills me with such rage .
0	where do i even start ?
0	they most certainly did not .
0	the only phone call i got from them was confirming my appointment .
0	the very same 'coordinator ' that didnt return my calls for five weeks ? !
0	i figure at this point i had better just call the pharmacy myself .
0	the botox was never even ordered !
0	they did not even have my new insurance !
0	nobody from my drs office has even contacted them ! !
0	it appears to be absolutely nothing ! ! !
0	i love dr. yu but i am absolutely fed up with the front office .
0	so if you like spending thousands of dollars for nothing pay them a visit .
0	after one time management decided to revoke what they had promised .
0	not good business practice in my opinion .
0	ill be canceling soon .
0	i was basically told the same thing with no resolution .
0	the supervisor even apologized to me for not returning my call .
0	she said she was , ironically , out sick .
0	ok so let me first say that the massage was ok but not great .
0	massage tables are very hard and uncomfortable .
0	not to mention the lotion that used smelled like clay .
0	then two of the employees were fighting not even 10 feet from me .
0	but dr. kuty seemed to be concerned with your treatment plan .
0	will never bother stepping inside this place again .
0	bought a pair of sunglasses at saks .
0	i also offered to pay for their time .
0	the woman working there was super rude .
0	she complained i should take them to original store .
0	she insulted me and said the sunglasses were wrong size for my face .
0	she refused to adjust them .
0	i went to specs on queen st two days later .
0	super friendly and nice staff .
0	and way more helpful .
0	will def never go to owl again .
0	they were super friendly , down to earth , and helpful .
0	complete opposite service that i got at owl .
0	and owl 's choices of frames was pretty lame anyways .
0	on my street is another eyeglass store .
0	owner super helpful and also highly recommend .
0	horrible customer service at the front desk .
0	come to find out , they are not .
0	this place is only interested in robbing people of their money .
0	showed up for a massage that i booked .
0	i have filled out numerous pregnancy waivers and received massages .
0	extremely disappointed in this location .
0	just me , hubby , and our baby who was in carseat .
0	also fine , but after the whole experience every little detail sticks out unfortunately .
0	ordered a `` new mom '' smoothie & hub ordered a black coffee .
0	oh well we laughed it off .
0	food came shortly after ... that too was excellent .
0	small portions but very tasty .
0	no napkins or forks etc .
0	we had finger food but we would 've used a napkin .
0	i was done then .
0	pharmacy closes at 8:00 pm .
0	getting ready to move prescriptions someplace more reassuring and helpful .
0	dirty exterior and grounds too .
0	i 'd give this place zero stars if i could .
0	we were in town on vacation and i needed my nails done , stat .
0	found this place with , what looked like , great reviews .
0	the gentleman on the phone said , `` we have plenty people to help .
0	just come in , we 'll take care of you . ''
0	came in about 3:30pm on a tuesday to an empty salon .
0	two workers working on one client .
0	my mistake for not asking how long .
0	i picked my color and sat in the waiting area .
0	they were told the same thing .
0	maybe they were trying to make sure she was well taken care of .
0	they lost my service .
0	i do n't know if they ended up losing the other .
0	i do n't care .
0	huge waste of time .
0	pretty sure i just got ripped off .
0	there was no promotion and it was wildly expensive .
0	almost $ 6,000 for laser on my legs .
0	( i thought this was a corporate legit company .
0	so i did n't want to insult the manager by doing that ) .
0	i was suppose to notice a significant difference and i do n't .
0	my biggest mistake was not doing the research before the consultation .
0	i attempted to make an appointment online .
0	it stated someone would call me to confirm my appointment .
0	guess i 'll take my money elsewhere .
0	they are excellent -- at wasting time !
0	had to leave work early and drive across town .
0	they really did n't care .
0	they charge $ 50 for the first visit too .
0	the nurse kindly offered to contact banner hospice .
0	the hospice nurse was nice .
0	she said all the right things and i believe she was sincere .
0	i asked for a manager .
0	i spoke with the hospice nurse .
0	she did n't know why i needed to speak with her .
0	she had n't heard from the manager .
0	i had to keep after them and get it handled .
0	i do n't think so .
0	she 's not even awake at 6 am !
0	i , once again , called the banner health hospice manager .
0	i could n't convince banner health hospice that they made a mistake .
0	i called banner health hospice again and again .
0	they did n't want to deal with it .
0	i had to handle it .
0	i was lucky enough to be with her , holding her hand .
0	banner health hospice made a sad situation horrible and stressful .
0	in every situation , they made things worse .
0	letting others that just arrived go b4 me .
0	i do n't recommend u go here .
0	the people r friendly but now it 's like .
0	oh he has a purple folder so make him wait .
0	the customer service in this place is horrible .
0	brick and mortar chain druggist .
0	that being said they do occasionally have some decent specials/sales .
0	they have a $ 100 cancellation policy if you cancel less than 48 hours .
0	its too bad they want to lose patients over this : (
0	waited 1 hour and 50 minutes despite showing up 20 minutes early to appointment .
0	purchased a groupon for microdermabrasion .
0	( this is the yonge-eg location )
0	if i could give this zero stars i would .
0	he told me what i already knew did nothing to help .
0	waste of time and money .
0	i will never go back
0	seriously , your focal point is `` skin '' .
0	the phone rings and rings .
0	you can never get through to scheduling .
0	beware when using this service .
0	i got my teeth whitened over 2 months ago and they still hurt .
0	rethink using this service .
0	i had two visits with jaqueline .
0	the first visit was ok she seemed to care and offered ok advice .
0	the 2nd time not so much .
0	never coming back again .
0	abandon hope , all ye who enter here .
0	i have never had a good interaction with the staff here .
0	nothing is ever done in a timely manner .
0	doctors are okay , staff simply do n't care .
0	i felt like i was an animal at a vet clinic .
0	went in for my initial teeth cleaning after moving to this area .
0	dr. was not personal and busy with other things .
0	waited for 30 minutes to see the doctor .
0	they wanted to remove my gold fillings and replace them with porcelain .
0	i needed 2 root canals and had cavities inside recent fillings .
0	feeling a gut instinct , i did n't make another appointment .
0	before any work was complete or appointment made .
0	so very very disappointed in this dentistry .
0	if you decide to visit , get a second opinion .
0	i guarantee they have lied .
0	apparently the only person that had keys was about 30 minutes late .
0	the appointment did n't go that great either .
0	the technitian treated me like an idiot because i had questions ... never again .
0	two girls who we there could nearly speak few words english .
0	i read few good reviews about this place on yelp .
0	i went here because the doctor i was seeing supposedly had good reviews .
0	i wish i would have looked here before i wasted over two hours .
0	i handed the girl my paperwork and proceeded to wait for over an hour .
0	they finally pulled me back and forced me to answer questions about depression !
0	i left the room too and told them i was done with the appointment .
0	they just want to push antidepressants on everyone that comes in .
0	doctors like this should be ashamed of themselves .
0	i 've never had a cavity before , so 4 was quite the shock .
0	i declined filling and 6 months later went to a `` real '' dentist .
0	this dentist confirmed i did n't have a single cavity .
0	how the dc dental dentist could find 4 is beyond me .
0	you can find a better dentist , keep looking .
0	expect a 2-3 week turn around time on glasses .
0	they will not accept returns even if you deny the merchandise as unacceptable .
0	the staff and the whole system there is complete trash .
0	then i needed an extraction and they lost my referral and files .
0	how do you lose my files .
0	then today was the last straw .
0	i made an appointment for last week and they made me reschedule for today .
0	they did n't even call me to let me know or anything .
0	this place is complete trash .
0	to re-do my lashes .
0	at time of appt .
0	i was still charged a $ 40 difference for the volume set .
0	i did n't want to hassle and just happily paid the difference .
0	only hoping that this time around it would be done correctly .
0	david , kayu and staff are all very nice wonderful people .
0	so i 'm pretty much back at the same spot .
0	with the same problems as stated above only with longer lashes this time around .
0	in january , i went in for my annual appointment .
0	i asked for a couple of blood tests , a request that was accommodated .
0	apparently they expect their patients to have esp !
0	the exact same thing happened for the second appointment .
0	i called billing , got voice mail , and left a detailed message .
0	so , call the insurance company i did .
0	i received the bill from twhs in august .
0	i 'll be heading to another gyno to get better care .
0	the only reason i visit here is because my insurance forces me to .
0	some partnership bcbs has with cvs .
0	no benefit to the patrons in this area .
0	honestly , their service is n't much better .
0	the individuals up front are actually fairly pleasant .
0	i visit often enough to notice several changes in personnel .
0	i have to call my prescription in and speak to a tech or pharmacist .
0	to do that , i 'm often on hold more than 10 min .
0	the hold music is n't even interesting enough to bop along to .
0	just wish there was a way around using either cvs in my area .
0	both are poorly managed and just need an upgrade in all aspects .
0	make sure you get a second opinion .
0	tanya their dental assistant is great though .
0	i do n't even know where to start with this horrible unethical doctor .
0	i brought my son here because he was having seasonal allergies .
0	all of this they were able to decide without the help of the doctor .
0	my son has seasonal allergies not a rare disease only found in foreign counties .
0	how anyone gives this hell hole a good review is astonishing .
0	i stayed for 2 weeks and left .
0	the treatment is really bad ! !
0	they basically just the place is disorganized and just in total disarray !
0	nobody knows what is going on at this place , no one !
0	if you need anything , good luck !
0	very disappointed in the non-urgent care that this dr. did not provide to anyone .
0	btw ... this place was not busy at all .
0	true fail on behalf of this urgent care facility .
0	dr is great and very knowledgeable .
0	staff on the other hand is ridiculous ! ! !
0	when u get there that 's when they actually get shit ready .
0	`` hello , dr. linder 's office . ''
0	me : `` hello , i 'd like to schedule an appointment with dr .
0	have you ever seen dr. linder before ? ''
0	me : `` no , i have n't . ''
0	`` okay , what were you hoping to schedule an appointment for ? ''
0	dr. linder is not accepting any new patients at this time . ''
0	me : `` okay , so ...
0	however , the office staff is rude & not helpful .
0	even as checking in and they need to talk to me .
0	it was covered all along .
0	why would the do it this way ?
0	bigger profit always drives business practices .
0	just another reason we need single payer in usa .
0	i gave up after two weeks .
0	some shady billing/insurance issues going on .
0	this business has incompetent people working for them .
0	i canceled my yearly membership .
0	they charged my card 2 additional times .
0	i was told it was n't done .
0	they need to hire a manager who works regular hours or more competent people .
0	stay away and go somewhere else , it 's just not worth the effort .
0	if you love your child do n't take him or her here .
0	i received a letter from the state saying 4 shots behind .
0	i go in at 1pm for appointment and left at 2:30 without being seen .
0	doctor was not even in the building .
0	he was at lunch .
0	why the @ & $ ?
0	i got a call from them two weeks later stating my payment was late .
0	i advised them i cancelled and the girl said she would look into it .
0	i got a call two weeks later from them stating my payment was late .
0	i again advised them i cancelled .
0	they said they would look into it .
0	this place is a total scam .
0	stay away from this place at all costs .
0	and by the way , my massage from helga the destroyer was terrible .
0	the staff shelving and on the floor are helpful and nice .
0	the selection of organic and natural foods is good .
0	the store has been very clean each time i went in .
0	the staff in the deli/bakery are awful .
0	more than once i have given up and walked away .
0	no reason to put up with being ignored .
0	got there 130 ca n't find did you call ?
0	no they called me .
0	have a seat i 'll find out .
0	about half hour she said in lab just a few minutes .
0	overall about an hour .
0	off to vet she called we did not order twice .
0	so far , the longest i have had to wait is about 1 hour .
0	normally we have to wait about 15-20 minutes .
0	the assistants r just okay .
0	worst customer service and most unprofessional `` urgent '' care i have ever experienced .
0	find quality care elsewhere .
0	trust me , i only leave bad reviews when it 's due .
0	i responded to the facebook ad that advertised a free 6 week camp .
0	went to the informational session , where 5 different people gave testimonials .
0	i do n't see the appeal in being penalized for life happening .
0	the camp is n't my cup of tea but kudos to those who do .
0	i would chose to actually give this place no stars .
0	my first visit to the office was awesome .
0	i believe that i know my phone number and email address .
0	i got a `` ok '' .
0	worst place to get your contacts using your insurance .
0	customer service is so poor here .
0	i would never recommend this place .
0	waste of time , money and energy .
0	i can not give my story , as it is way too long .
0	please listen to me .
0	never bring them here .
0	you get what you need .
0	the staff is not helpful locating anything .
0	in fact the staff was just downright rude .
0	i got what i needed and left .
0	hopefully i do n't ever need to go back there .
0	beware of security camera in `` private '' massage rooms ; what privacy !
0	posted prices are also ambiguous .
0	not worth what was spent and certainty not going back .
0	they were all busy and was referred to this zen location .
0	wife had a $ 30 combination foot and body for an hour .
0	they may as well hope their business can survive in this culture .
0	for me , what is a few extra dollars ?
0	on the package it says give up to 5 days to receive a refill .
0	when i called they admitted the mistake but forgot to send the needed medication .
0	i cant get that to happen no matter how many times i ask .
0	i always have to call a second time and request it separately .
0	sometimes i receive a large dog toy which is worthless to my cats anyway !
0	chose this location as it was covered by my insurance .
0	had appt on 1/23/18 .
0	my appt was at 4pm and got there @ 3:30pm to fill out paperwork .
0	why is this necessary ?
0	sounded shady so i refused to sign it nor did i give my social .
0	this place caters to mexicans .
0	i will never ever return to this facility .
0	and did absolutely nothing to help me with the pain i was experiencing .
0	will not be going back there
0	i was not impressed with the facial i received here .
0	i found priti to be unprofessional .
0	i was really disappointed because she came so highly recommended .
0	sadly , i ca n't recommend her services .
0	wonderful doctors and fancy offices do n't make up for their rude admin staff .
0	not losing sleep over losing this place .
0	here 's a head 's up of what went on in nutshell .
0	i initially decided against that .
0	i was told that it would be possible for at lease 4-6 weeks !
0	why was n't i told this when i specifically asked during my consultation ?
0	this left me speechless !
0	why wait till my last procedure to tell me this ?
0	7. out of the four procedures , there was partial success .
0	that was a result of an `` oops .
0	he and dr smith were speaking about something unrelated to what smith was doing .
0	his focus was pulled and i got burned .
0	i was injured by accident and did my best to be understanding .
0	i left this office livid .
0	her response was that it was her job .
0	i responded ... not in this case it was n't .
0	the front staff needs some training and dr. mccord was less than helpful .
0	only the nurse does ears .
0	wrong ! ! ! !
0	he had a two hour wait to be seen ! ! ! ! !
0	our time is as valuable as yours , dr .
0	i wo n't recommend them again .
0	disrespectful and blatantly dreadful organization .
0	i 'd give zero stars if i could .
0	imho , i tipped much better than what was deserved .
0	not going to be a return customer .
0	apria uses a 3rd party billing company called care centrix .
0	we laid out hundreds of dollars for a device that was prescribed in error .
0	it 's like talking to a brick wall .
0	their `` online '' patient portal of little help either .
0	time to get a clue on customer service !
0	next time ... .mayo !
0	service was fast and good .
0	however , not very pleased that banner could not bill insurance correctly .
0	i have definitely experienced better .
0	i 've had 2 surgeries with the clinic .
0	they mess up the schedule and do n't tell you .
0	they leave the stitches in too long then have to go dig them out .
0	i 'll not go back .
0	eventually needed a root canal .
0	on the way home , i pulled over 3 times to throw up blood/bleach .
0	i had a bloody nose from all of this too .
0	this was the worst experience ever .
0	our company provided colmedlabs with their fleet vehicle washing ( detailing services ) .
0	i called sam 5 times and left voice messages .
0	guess what `` no call back '' now being 6 months later .
0	total charge was $ 80 each visits , and total charger being $ 320 .
0	horrific patient financial services .
0	carla and her sidekick badgered my husband prior to his surgery .
0	like he did n't have enough to worry about .
0	after surgery his dr called to let me know he was fine .
0	i asked when he would be discharged and was told an hour .
0	give me a friggin break .
0	at a time when we needed to be together .
0	we heard one patient asked if he could die and was told yes .
0	imagine hearing that right before your procedure .
0	using his full name no less .
0	i 'd be fired in a heartbeat if i ever did that .
0	thank god this was a minor surgery .
0	definitely not happy with customer service experience from financial services and the postoperative stay .
0	find somewhere else who have more loving doctors care for your precious children .
0	these doctors are n't the most knowledgeable nor the most compassionate .
0	i started looking into electrolysis a little over a year ago .
0	this encounter stood out !
0	for my first appointment i scheduled a 15min procedure .
0	i did n't mind initially because this procedure is quit painful .
0	this is a costly procedure and every minute counts literally !
0	this place is horrible .
0	my company switched insurance & my current obgy was n't accepting aetna .
0	fast forward a month or so later when my bills start piling in .
0	why am i getting these bills ? ?
0	so basically , im sol .
0	bad service , liars & cheats .
0	highly discourage this facility ! !
0	try another pharmacy that wants your business .
0	there were no customers in the entire store at 7:30 am .
0	i 'm going to keep my prescriptions where they are after all .
0	too bad , this pharmacy is in a much more convenient location for me .
0	the staff was friendly .
0	it was disgusting ! !
0	i recommend going to another building if you need to go .
0	any massage is a good massage , right ?
0	actually i wish i had skipped this one .
0	my friend did n't mind hers , though .
0	seemed good at first they rushed us into a semi private room .
0	there was no reflexology done .
0	why make an appointment .
0	i can only imagine what it 's like when they are behind .
0	what a joke of an office .
0	i scheduled my appt 1 week prior .
0	the front desk woman was rude and nonchalant about it all .
0	this is a huge inconvenience and highly unacceptable .
0	patients need to be seen and given advance notice of changes .
0	at least offer another doctor to accommodate .
0	i will not be a new patient here .
0	super sketchy part of town .
0	they hang outside smoking which blows back into the shop .
0	it was the worst day of my life .
0	we paid cash copay everytime we was here .
0	i came to ask the receptionist the reason why we waited too long .
0	holly did promised she taking care .
0	i also will report this matter the nevada business bureau soon when i can .
0	i arrived at 10:13 ... 3 minutes past their 10 minute rule .
0	when you walk through our doors , we 're glad to see you .
0	when you call , we do n't keep you on hold .
0	when you leave a message , we call you right back .
0	no manners as soon as i walked in .
0	the nurse who assisted dr. schlotterer was rude and seemed to have an attitude .
0	will not be returning back .
0	i attempted to call again to no avail .
0	this is definitely the last interaction with oasis and dr. bellota .
0	uhh you just saw him and knew he had n't been seen .
0	i even gave them 3 chances to get it right , it never happened .
0	i will be going to a different doctor from now on .
0	i hope dr pragit will move to another clinic .
0	the name should be `` my doctor no ''
0	nevermind on the previous post .
0	it 's not hard to prove you have stage 4 bone cancer .
0	he basically just treated me like a drug addict .
0	ignored all the paperwork which is valid .
0	i even asked him to call the ny doctors and he refused .
0	it 's very simple .
0	call the centre ask if i 'm a patient .
0	i want to go to the hospital .
0	pay 1000 for a scan just to throw it in his face .
0	how can you hold a medical license when you refuse to help people .
0	especially a dying person .
0	the front office supervisor is incredibly rude .
0	thankfully that guy saved my tooth .
0	then i was sent a bill for the work that he messed up .
0	i have developed a fear of dentists since seeing this guy .
0	the facility is very mismanaged .
0	you walk around asking where to go .
0	the administration is rude and dismissive .
0	it seems clear they want your money and nothing else .
0	their website touts lots of amenities that they do n't have .
0	they do n't care about you or your sobriety .
0	it was a nightmare .
0	i left after 4 days and got into a good facility in pasadena .
0	the doctors and staff at this place clearly have none .
0	reception staff was exceptionally rude and the overall experience was entirely unpleasant .
0	like all other massage envys , the therapists are a mixed bag .
0	many newbies so there 's a high amount of turnover .
0	i 've seen a couple good ones that i hope will stay awhile .
0	this location is particularly bad compared to my `` home '' dobson location .
0	the staff was accommodating and i did n't wait long to start my massage .
0	she was excellent , the massage was so relaxing .
0	if you want a massage go see milena !
0	i would n't go back , the groupon was definitely a good deal though !
0	ob patients please avoid dr deka .
0	i was coldly misdiagnosed with a miscarriage after my first apt with her .
0	she performed the ultrasound herself .
0	within 2 minutes she coldly concluded that i had lost my precious baby .
0	she ordered hcg l levels `` to confirm '' .
0	i spent 3 days in a deep depression thinking i had a miscarriage .
0	i am currently 17 weeks pregnant with a baby girl !
0	my baby would be dead if i took her `` expert '' medical advice !
0	going to this hospital had to be the worst experience i have ever had .
0	the vet recommended a 3 day stay to monitor her and printed the estimate .
0	it was $ 5000 .
0	my son and i were in tears .
0	this included giving her antibiotics .
0	my pet is doing fantastic .
0	the brush run vet , dr foil , is very caring , straightforward .
0	brush run really cares about your pet .
0	the vet hospital is just trying to get your money !
0	i went here for their new customer cleaning discount .
0	i made the appointment last week .
0	i showed up 15 minutes before my 2:00 o'clock appointment as requested .
0	i have never seen such colossal unprofessionalism .
0	judging by the other reviews here , i clearly dodged a bullet .
0	worst decision i ever made was get a membership to massage envy .
0	save your money and do n't waste your time .
0	i took my daughter to dr. rowe she was a provider under my insurance .
0	we started with 4 fillings and paid over 500 for them .
0	ridiculous treatment , waste of my time and money .
0	i felt as though they took my cold as a joke .
0	beware of this place , no bedside manner !
0	you really ca n't expect much from sql i have come to realize .
0	i went in to have some blood work done for my one year old .
0	um ok. the process was like a scene from a scary movie .
0	horrible experience with dr. meger .
0	he botched my rhinoplasty ( took off way too much from the bridge ) .
0	he would n't even do the right thing !
0	maybe he just needs to stick with breasts !
0	do n't let him touch your face ! ! !
0	the worst service i have ever experienced in my life !
0	never able to book an appointment when you call or email .
0	and if you want a refund because you are not getting any service ?
0	they messed up my appointment .
0	their behaivor leads me to believe this is a frequent occurance .
0	worst place for stat orders .
0	came in with ultrasound stat from my dr. for inguinal dvt .
0	then told to walk next door to valley radiologists .
0	even they were shocked at dvrs lack of response and care .
0	this has to be the worst hospital around .
0	the staff is below par .
0	overall i give it 1 out of 10 goiters .
0	she cracked my tooth while doing a simple filling .
0	geez i wonder how it got there .
0	perhaps it was the metal clamp you put on my tooth !
0	if i had not signed a waiver i would sue her .
0	i had perfect teeth ... had .
0	it turns out the one good therapist is nearly impossible to book .
0	the others i saw were mediocre at best .
0	recently , a service issue developed that i tried to resolve .
0	there are plenty of other great therapists in the area .
0	do n't waste your money or time here .
0	staff is horrible they 're customer service was pathetic .
0	this was removed originally from the pearson eyegroup .
0	the doctors were excellent .
0	the used car salesman tactics at lenscrafters should be illegal !
0	my original post follows .
0	the eye doctor was excellent , efficient and knowledgeable .
0	the glasses selection process is a scam .
0	i picked out some frames and was quoted a price of $ 550 !
0	after insurance it was $ 510 !
0	that right there is a $ 90 discount .
0	i wo n't even go into the rest .
0	the glasses should have been around $ 300 tops .
0	i do n't know .
0	beware and stay away .
0	this office is very disappointing .
0	the doctors are nice enough but the front desk staff is cold and incompetent .
0	the assistants are rude and inefficient .
0	they do n't know how to bill or schedule appointments correctly .
0	the office is nicely decorated but the equipment is outdated .
0	with tony , i felt that i was an inconvenience and wasting his time .
0	i honestly felt worse about my self after seeing him .
0	this is a failure at all levels , not only with tony .
0	i was on time and filled out same paper work i did two earlier .
0	sat in waiting for 45 min with no one saying anything .
0	the worst experience i have ever had at a dr 's office !
0	the pharmacy is 24 hours and generally always busy .
0	normally i 'm sure this place is great but today was horrible .
0	who wants to hear your vomiting and rabble while i 'm getting a massage .
0	bottom line if you want a quality massage this is n't the place .
0	i checked into the e.r .
0	the wait room was disgusting .
0	their assistant wendy and marilyn however seemed to always be confused and forgetful .
0	their guest came in @ 10 am and left 10pm .
0	admitting nurses great everything else was ok @ best i 'd go somehere else
0	i have had 3 appointments here .
0	i 'd like to give it no stars .
0	the front desk is very unprofessional .
0	the wait times are excessive .
0	i was there for an annual pap smear today .
0	already it 's an embarrassing and vulnerable situation .
0	the doc asks all the same questions she asked in the other appointments .
0	she asks about birth control .
0	i do n't need a sex ed lesson !
0	i have n't taken hormones for 10 years !
0	this is why i 'm seeing this doc .
0	this is why my appointments have been so close together !
0	so let me set the scene !
0	i stopped her , i said excuse me ?
0	she says `` what ?
0	just do n't get pregnant . ''
0	that 's very rude of you to assume .
0	she even tried to turn it around `` you should leave !
0	fully nude argument with a doc holding the door open !
0	but i would like to save others from having this kind of experience .
0	does n't even deserve one star !
0	if you can get an appointment elsewhere , do it .
0	one guy got in ahead of us for an mri .
0	he was in the back for 55 minutes for an mri .
0	2 people literally took almost 90 minutes .
0	others were sitting around .
0	she said `` good luck - i 'm leaving . ''
0	several other people showed up after that , and immediately left .
0	there were several older people , a couple of women with children .
0	and a couple of men ... all left .
0	from now on , any mris or x-rays will be done at the hospital .
0	this was useless and annoying.. very poor scheduling .
0	i even said no to a pap this year just in case !
0	i do not recommend this place at all !
0	when we entered , we were greeted by this younger lady who spoke english .
0	( on the flier it says 10 min head..etc ) .
0	we situated ourselves and they brought out the hot water .
0	way over priced and the proceudre was painfull adn showed no results .
0	do not go to her .
0	save your time and money !
0	do n't ever go here .
0	i went to this location for a time sensitive lab test .
0	saw multiple patients show up and have issues with their appointments scheduled .
0	and definitely do n't need medication .
0	use at your own risk .
0	not sure why they even schedule `` appointments '' they 're more like suggestions .
0	i had a 5 hours tattoo and it was a painful rib tattoo .
0	what kind of customer relation/ service is this ?
0	then he suggested i buy a h2o care kit .
0	i denied since this was not my only tattoo .
0	what ? ? ? ? ?
0	it took 20 minutes for a front desk staff to even check me in .
0	after that i waiting for another 30 minutes .
0	once i got in i had a nurse practitioner see me .
0	i was prescribed my birth control and was done .
0	waited 50 minutes for a 5 minute appointment .
0	but 2 months later same thing happened .
0	they said my insurance does n't pay for the services i requested .
0	my parents were livid !
0	my friend and i wanted to try this place since we had a groupon .
0	we decided to stop by after our pilates class .
0	i have been here once and i honestly will never go here again .
0	i will find a new doctor .
0	or even have the receptionist call me and let me know ?
0	this is so beyond ridiculous and i would never recommend this practice to anybody .
0	i had a groupon so i came here with my sister .
0	the drinks ( plural ) nope .
0	apparently they were serving fruit with a burger today .
0	hmmm one strawberry nd pickle literally half the size of my pinky .
0	are u kidding me .
0	i would give it no stars if i had an option .
0	never again will i come to this place .
0	i would recommend against it in every way .
0	the food ( cajun burger ) had no flavor to it at all .
0	i see doctors almost weekly and this has never been an issue .
0	i called my insurance company and they said everything was fine .
0	the front desk lady finally had to let me go back .
0	i get to the back and i wo n't get weighed .
0	due to this they now refuse to see me .
0	you have been warned !
0	update- vanessa is the front desk person .
0	she was so extremely rude .
0	i ended up leaving and asked for my filled out paperwork back .
0	i told her i did not trust her .
0	she said she did not trust herself either .
0	the massage was not relaxing because it was barely a massage .
0	definitely a place to avoid .
0	do not take time off work to come to this waste of an outlet .
0	my dad and sam are probably not even friends anymore over this .
0	in my book that is racism , not that i care .
0	please dr webber learn bedside manner !
0	today i had to come back for a missed test .
0	i protested and said that i was right on time .
0	this ai n't no micky-ficky airport ! ! !
0	your office does n't and did n't .
0	basically- their inner-office snafus wasted my morning .
0	i was still trying to make sense of what 's going on .
0	c'mon , get it together folks ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i should n't have had to come back to be tested today .
0	the wait at this place is ridiculous .
0	this is getting ridiculous .
0	they are extremely slow .
0	i will never go to any simon med imaging again .
0	these folks are notorious overbillers , and everyone should be very wary .
0	i hit my family deductible early this year after a couple of surgeries .
0	i get home , and look up my claims with my insurance provider .
0	my portion is zero ?
0	so i call my insurance provider and ask them for their thoughts .
0	`` you should n't have paid anything .
0	we 'll call simon med and request a refund . ''
0	well folks , guess what ?
0	ask your insurer for help .
0	i 'll never go there again .
0	if this happens to you , do n't blame me .
0	you have been warned .
0	this place is a joke .
0	none of them bother using gloves or washing there hands .
0	stay as far away as you can from this place !
0	the doctor did n't even spend 2 minutes in the room with me .
0	place is awful ! ! !
0	i urge you to stay away ! !
0	also good luck understanding them .
0	it 's very difficult if you are older .
0	it 's become like a meat factory herding people through .
0	it 's really gone downhill ! !
0	i have visited this spa from time to time when in vegas .
0	this time the masseuse was 50 min late .
0	i was booked for a massage , wrap and a facial .
0	i left feeling disgusted and ripped off .
0	made an appointment at the dysart location .
0	( i know exactly which location i called .
0	he would not listen to me at all ) .
0	i knew this was going to be awkward and weird again .
0	a lady comes out , also does n't speak english barely .
0	she starts asking me if i received a call from them .
0	no i did not receive a call from them .
0	she keeps arguing with me .
0	i told her nevermind , i 'm not interested .
0	she followed me out , chased me to my car .
0	wtf ? ? ? ? ? ? ?
0	the emergency room referred me to the core institute with a possible fracture .
0	when i asked if i had it correct , he seemed very aggravated .
0	that was about the greatest ounce of courtesy i received .
0	really i felt totally blown off and like my pain was n't real .
0	i was in the exam room for maybe 2 minutes .
0	the doctor glanced at my elbow x-ray and told me to start physical therapy .
0	at least with this visit i felt like i got somewhere : physical therapy .
0	right where the emergency room said it was !
0	i feel like i have totally wasted my time and money at the core .
0	and this is 3 months later !
0	never would i recommend going to the core !
0	they will rape you and your insurance company .
0	i went in for a broken nose and came out $ 10,000 in debt !
0	i spoke to a human for a total of less than 5 minutes .
0	i was left in a room for 4.5 hours .
0	i would rather die than ever set foot in the hospital .
0	terrible business practice to turn away customers before posted hours of business .
0	will be using amazon online ordering from now on .
0	the girls at the front desk are really nice .
0	they do not have moderately priced glasses .
0	i have n't seen a frame under $ 200 .
0	then add lenses and everything , you 're lucky to spend under $ 500.00 .
0	frames are limited as well .
0	i am extremely dissatisfied with this with this clinic .
0	on another visit , i was told that my results would take two weeks .
0	in the meantime , my symptoms are worsening which has resulted in terrible discomfort .
0	i am desperately seeking a new ob .
0	got a groupon deal for their laser treatments .
0	not happy at all .
0	i can not believe the glowing reviews this place has .
0	i had the worst experience with my first prenatal visit .
0	this is my second pregnancy so i know what good prenatal care is .
0	the only person that seemed competent here was the ultrasound tech from valley perinatal .
0	she was friendly and reviewed everything with the baby .
0	we were very pleased .
0	the place does n't have enough rooms ?
0	her responses just showed that she was inexperienced and not knowledgeable .
0	she fell short of answering my questions .
0	she never reviewed the ultrasound or determined my due date .
0	my husband even agreed that she did n't seem very competent .
0	how is she in this profession ?
0	she also had no personality .
0	she did not make any efficient use of the appointment time .
0	but , she asked if i had done blood work .
0	i was sitting around waiting for her that i had n't .
0	this is where everything went downhill .
0	the lady that did my blood draw was horrible !
0	my whole arm went numb !
0	she must of hit nerve twice !
0	i felt like i was going to pass out !
0	i have never experienced such a bad blood draw .
0	no problems at all with my first pregnancy .
0	this lady did n't know what she was doing .
0	my arm was sore and tingling for at least 5 days after .
0	i changed offices the same day .
0	there is definitely better care out there .
0	they use a yahoo.com email address for communication .
0	i just wanted to confirm that they transferred my medical records .
0	the girl answered and then hung up on me .
0	finally , someone else answered and took care of me .
0	what is wrong with this place ?
0	we thoroughly searched for a doctor while expecting our first child .
0	we interviewed with dr. garcia and she was great .
0	took her time , answered all of our questions and was down to earth .
0	i hated the wait , but she seemed worth it .
0	baby was only 3 months old ! !
0	i should have switched doctors then .
0	rude , rude , rude & rude .
0	i personally like eric wolson very much .
0	i have reported her to his upper staff for the past 4 1/2 years .
0	i am done trying to get past this imbecile to get proper medical attention .
0	i hope that you read your reviews and take action .
0	it was very quiet & foot soak/massage felt nice .
0	then escorted to massage table room & seemed to go well .
0	dr appts , rx & sleepless nights w/ itching .
0	please clean your upholstered couch/beds & linens ! ! !
0	no wonder it 's dark & they try covering our faces .
0	this turned out stressful , painful & humiliating .
0	needless to say , we left pretty upset .
0	i came by again on wednesday at 11:45 to find the place closed .
0	the sign says closed on mondays .
0	there were employees inside ignoring us .
0	how do you think you got through nursing school if you had adhd ? ``
0	as if those with adhd are too ill to be successful in nursing school .
0	he was profoundly belittling and condescending .
0	physician heal thyself ... .a tad bit cluster b perhaps ?
0	is n't that what yelp is for ?
0	be wise when choosing a dentist !
0	another example of why we have happily switched dentists .
0	this is not towards any of the doctors or anesthesiologist i have dealt with .
0	only the nurses afterwards .
0	i finally gave up without speaking to a human .
0	i wo n't be returning .
0	nurse who had me was throwing the f-bomb everywhere and the s word .
0	took them two hours to get me in .
0	fyi we were in the walk-in office .
0	waited two hours to get into the actual exam room .
0	doctor did n't show up for another 15 minutes .
0	so unprofessional and disorganized .
0	definitely would not recommend to anyone at all .
0	not recommended , unless you like waiting and poor quality treatment .
0	2 stars might be generous .
0	three phone calls and two emails have all gone un-returned .
0	this company is shady in their billing practices and ethics .
0	currently researching if there is any legal recourse i can take against these people !
0	they charged the maximum obviously .
0	i am wondering what kind of things they can follow up .
0	i even told them that i only used contacts couple times per month .
0	if you want to go that place for convenience , be careful .
0	they may just charge you without telling you .
0	anyhoo , i really wanted to try to start donating again .
0	i called to make a first time donor appointment .
0	apparently they do n't take appointments ... .it 's first come first serve .
0	no problem i guess .
0	got there at 0645 , thinking i would be one of the first ones .
0	boy was i wrong .
0	the waiting room was already more than half full .
0	twenty five minutes later they called me .
0	i was told i signed the wrong sign in sheet .
0	i had to resign on the `` new donor '' sheet instead .
0	for another 40 minutes .
0	apparently i got moved back to the bottom of the entire list .
0	so i just left .
0	so there he was again .
0	seems like a pretty unorganized system .
0	horrible place from scheduling , to billing , to customer service .
0	scheduled ortho appt only to find out the orthodontist did not come in .
0	not good business at all .
0	i have used wellish for 8 years .
0	i have never heard back ! ! !
0	cvs pharmacist called and no return call but i 'm in serious pain .
0	i called the office and was hung up on twice .
0	my first appointment i arrived at 1:15pm and i was not seen until 5:00pm .
0	sorry , i had to write this review but this is not good healthcare !
0	and no other doctor here .
0	waiting room full of people .
0	not sure this is how this is supposed to work .
0	i can , however , speak for my experiences with their laser treatments .
0	in a word , horrible .
0	everyone there seemed to care less about my pain .
0	they appear to be across the street from one another .
0	my appointment here had to be the worst i have ever had for anything .
0	they 're incompetent and make fun of the dying patients in the icu !
0	unless you have a death wish , stay far away ! ! !
0	it was a lie .
0	i figured it out before i went to see them .
0	this office appear to be so techy with their tablets and stuff .
0	overall , not impressed .
0	if only a minus score could be given .
0	dr gross was highly recommended to us .
0	when i read the other reports , i wonder how can this continue ?
0	value your eyesight , do not go to this person .
0	i brought my 11 month old here for some labs .
0	i was expecting a couple pricks on his fingers or feet .
0	instead they put a needle in his arm .
0	maybe that 's the way it needed to be done .
0	then instead of putting a wrap on his arm she put the tape .
0	which is the hardest to get off .
0	the lakewood location is by all definition slower , dirtier , and less organized .
0	and what about those check out lines ?
0	slow is n't even the word at those registers .
0	i kill them with kindness to hide my frustrations .
0	i also ask if i can bag .
0	it 's just quicker .
0	the closeout aisles however are always loaded with random cheapy deals .
0	it 's hard to pass them up .
0	i wish they had negative stars .
0	had spine surgery by a neurosurgeon 6 days later .
0	i told them i was fine with that .
0	it is now 1:28 pm and still no doctor .
0	all this for a simple procedure which will take no more than 5 minutes .
0	never coming here again !
0	have been using veyo for a while , rotten service .
0	lately when i telephone they are having problems .
0	not reliable , sometimes have to wait close to an hour to get picked up
0	i 'm sorry this is a bit long but hear me out .
0	here goes : i moved to arizona from hawaii 8/2014 .
0	i sought out dr. kale in the gilbert/mesa office .
0	thank goodness for my nurse ... she was a sweetheart and a half .
0	well , other than that , my delivery was quick and perfect .
0	with her being in the hospital , i had to rent a breastpump .
0	i rented the breastpump for 2 months .
0	my baby came home and she took to breastfeeding with no problems .
0	i had no problems with that .
0	i contacted goodman & partridge and spoke with a nurse explaining my situation .
0	obviously those dates would show i no longer need the breastpump .
0	so i coughed it up as a loss .
0	it was n't worth my time anymore for a mere $ 70 .
0	i 'm so over them .
0	just had to write this review for all to see .
0	thanks for looking ... find a small practice where they care about their patients .
0	they barely restocked their supplies .
0	the pa was trent blake .
0	his demeanor was sort of friendly , but his execution was lacking .
0	he had no concern for anything that might cause me pain .
0	stay away from this place .
0	all for what amounted to a 2 minute visit !
0	i 'm getting a new doctor .
0	rude ... i 'd rather be told we 're closed ... .
0	3 people in lobby .
0	they do n't take appointments for x-rays .
0	here with a child , this will not go well .
0	receptionist called neighboring simonmed .
0	40 minute wait , why do n't you go there .
0	forget that , 10 minute drive almost same time .
0	why is place understaffed ?
0	why do they want to get rid of patients ?
0	would not recommend to anyone .
0	i would never recommend anyone go to this doctors office .
0	takes weeks for people to call you back .
0	the run around you do and the wait time !
0	no one values a patients time !
0	i sure as hell am !
0	this place has been closed permanently and their phone number is out of service .
0	although this website is still up and running - it 's a farce !
0	the place has shut down with no forwarding address !
0	ca n't stand places that do n't answer their phones .
0	i call at 5:40 and the answering machine says i called after business hours .
0	they close at 6 ...
0	they offer empty apologies , without any change to their program .
0	what happened to `` glasses in about an hour ? ''
0	officially convinced , lenscrafters is sham .
0	find another low cost solution for tattoo removal .
0	do not be fooled .
0	after treatment 6 is has barely faded .
0	this place is a rip off .
0	they should be ashamed of themselves !
0	he was never given a smock to change into .
0	this entire facility should face legal action and be shut down .
0	i had my 10 week pregnancy check-up .
0	it bothers me a lot .
0	she did n't give me any estimates citing different insurances billing differently .
0	nobody mentioned the costs , even dr. swarup .
0	ca n't you have a little more compassion ? !
0	i just lost my pregnancy , you piece of crap !
0	nurses were moody and could n't explain which cups to use to urine samples .
0	when i called nurses and front desk , they were acting all arrogant .
0	what about me , the patient , and my availability ?
0	you know , i have a life with responsibilities too .
0	on-call nurses do n't know anything , googling stuff is more accurate .
0	she did not even cut some dry skin between the corner ! !
0	hate this place ! ! !
0	i wish i could rate them 0 star ! ! ! ! !
0	that is so rude ! !
0	i have to ask her 3x to do it !
0	never had bad experience like this from a nail salon !
0	i already told my family friends stay away from this nail salon ! ! !
0	your review that stated that we will fix the problem , fix what ? ?
0	i just want to let the customer know to stay away from this salon !
0	i saw dr. khiani for over a year and his treatment worked great .
0	i had the most allergy free summer in my whole life .
0	he advised that they do n't have a method to do so .
0	i came here in physical pain and i could barely tolerate it .
0	worst case of empathy .
0	there was never a smile in this woman 's voice the entire time .
0	i almost felt like i was bothering her !
0	she quoted $ 55 for an hour of massage or facial .
0	not a good first impression folks .
0	when we decide on a spa day , we will be looking elsewhere .
0	i felt so talked down to for needing an antibiotic .
0	i sadly will be looking for a new doctor 's office .
0	i work walking distance from this office .
0	the location is pinned incorrectly on maps .
0	i got there at exactly 2:30 and was told my appointment was cancelled .
0	no emails , texts or calls i received mentioned getting there early .
0	she had no empathy and did nothing to make it right .
0	what a terrible experience .
0	how does this place stay in business ?
0	because there are people like me who fall victim to their sales pitches .
0	people like me who are in pain and will try anything .
0	it seems too good to be true , because it is !
0	for about $ 300 , i got a pair of little plastic pieces .
0	they will try to sell you three for close to $ 1000 .
0	what a fool i am !
0	i should have left then .
0	learn from my $ 300 mistake .
0	do not go to good feet !
0	she retorted , `` your teeth are all going to fall out '' .
0	did n't you hear me the first time i explained it ? ''
0	i still have no idea if she 's licensed or properly trained .
0	if you provide any intelligent/questioning thought , you might be ridiculed and/or berated .
0	is there a rating less than one ?
0	worst dentistry ever ! !
0	is that a joke ? ?
0	really.. receptionist is unprofessional and rude .
0	how long will it take the doctor to approve and release my xrays ?
0	dont ever visit this place again !
0	this place has given me so many problems !
0	i waited again and they finally arrived at my house .
0	i finally made an appointment for today .
0	i told him that i could n't afford it .
0	i wo n't use avi again !
0	they have too many problems with the competency of their staff .
0	i have been holding off writing this review for months .
0	they performed a skin prick test which came back negative .
0	they diagnosed me with idiopathic anaphylaxis .
0	they officially diagnosed me with a dairy allergy .
0	i was switched from dulera to qvar .
0	20 minutes later i was having a serious allergic reaction .
0	i was given a `` dexamethasone sodium phosphate 10mg/ml injection '' to my ass .
0	i was told to never take that breo again .
0	i called tottori 's office and alerted them to my reaction .
0	they prescribed me spiriva respimat as a last ditch effort .
0	over the next few days my symptoms were getting worse .
0	after a day or two my asthma symptoms were starting to diminish .
0	i was able to go over a week without using my ventolin .
0	i was taking 200/5 dulera , they submitted 100/5 dulera .
0	i now have to call and get this fixed .
0	my only question for tottori is `` where is the accountability ? ''
0	office personnel never pick up the phone .
0	you need to reach .
0	very frustrating when it 's important to get in touch with someone .
0	i do not mind seeing pas imho .
0	perhaps if i firmly asked three times i will get what i asked for .
0	this is apparently a suggestion in my opinion .
0	i think this is unacceptable for a medical facility .
0	overall , very disappointed and will not be returning .
0	had an okay experience here , and would not consider going back .
0	the whole appointment felt rushed .
0	the hygienist was not gentle .
0	lenscrafters should not cost more for a visit to their store .
0	will not be using them next time .
0	i didnt even want to give 1 star !
0	i will no longer take prescriptions there .
0	i even took the time to contact there corporate headquarters in illinois !
0	i have 0 confidence in them .
0	i have been with this office for 13 years .
0	i have never liked the office staff .
0	i scheduled an appointment doe today .
0	i took my child in for a routine physical .
0	i am expected to believe they all can be seen at 130 ?
0	i am tired of this office and will not be returning .
0	billing coordinator is never available , and claims are incorrectly processed to insurances .
0	all in all the office staff needs to be reevaluated or cut .
0	i bought a groupon for 6 laser hair removal sessions on my lower legs .
0	receptionist and space is nice .
0	my first session i went home with a burnt mark near my ankle .
0	the machine is painful and i 'm barely seeing results .
0	especially the pharmacy department , where they only hire rude , incompetent people .
0	we went to refill a prescription that had previously been filled at another cvs .
0	when we asked her to recheck , explaining our situation , she refused .
0	that request was also denied .
0	`` they are unavailable . ''
0	we will never return !
0	i was transferred to his voicemail .
0	who am i to hold responsible , walgreens or healing hearts ?
0	yours truly , a dissatisfied arizona parent .
0	will never go back .
0	in addition , when i was initially diagnosed they scheduled a followup apt .
0	i am extremely disappointed in choosing happy dental .
0	here for the first time with my dad for his apmt .
0	can u say hipa violation ?
0	they do n't take patients based on their apmt times .
0	several people with times after our apmt were taken in ahead if us .
0	why even have apmt then ?
0	the nurse who took my dad back was very rude .
0	she looks at me and says you ca n't come .
0	no reasons no explanations just a no .
0	even another patient mentioned that it was rude !
0	i would never ever recommend this lab to anyone .
0	look for another option .
0	this is the last time i get my prescriptions here .
0	i would recommend not coming to this cvs ! ! !
0	if i could give zero stars i would .
0	tough approach , yes , uncaring , you betcha .
0	this woman was imbalanced , i reported her .
0	it was a nightmare .
0	then the word part ... les than 5 minutes with the doctor !
0	i got some new glasses here this past fall .
0	that appointment itself went well and i really liked dr. sorensen .
0	things happen ... .no big deal .
0	sadly the glasses have never fit quite right .
0	they fit nothing like the sample pair they have there .
0	that is true , if you can get them to wait on you .
0	the customer service for adjustments is terrible .
0	it more often than not i just give up and leave rather than wait .
0	i want to give my business to someone who wants my business .
0	this place is terrible and deserving of its low rating .
0	however , i 'll now suffer with ungroomed eyebrows before i go back .
0	you usually end up with a nice shape .
0	she was the last one i saw .
0	however , my last service is n't the only thing that turned me off .
0	and when i say push , they push !
0	i do n't care if you have the ultimate hair removal machine .
0	i do n't trust you !
0	fix the fundamental issues first , and then get into promoting services like that .
0	half the time this meant i would n't tip .
0	fat reduction , wrinkle removal , etc .
0	go in and see for yourself .
0	- they 're definitely pricey , but do n't provide value .
0	but that also means that customers expect a higher level of service .
0	anyway , i think i 've said enough now .
0	my advice is to stay away from this place if you can .
0	do n't do it moms , do n't schedule an appt here .
0	this place has a ten dollar canceled appt fee , i get it .
0	they are covering their own to stop ppl from flaking .
0	every policy needs wiggle room .
0	they lost our business completely .
0	i have to agree with these reviews good and bad !
0	her staff who answers the phones really should be counseled or fired .
0	she is short and just does n't leave you feeling warm and fuzzy .
0	getting my b12 shot is fast and efficient !
0	i am in and out in 2 minutes !
0	i called and cancelled , was informed of the 25 dollar cancellation fee .
0	maybe when hubby gets home i can get a ride from him .
0	case by case and be strict for abusers .
0	wish me luck and i will keep you posted !
0	the secnond opinion took full x-rays and cleaned my teeth .
0	it felt like you were in an emergency room of a hospital .
0	not a good atmosphere for a quiet couples massage .
0	then the massage started and that 's when it got interesting .
0	due to the sinus massage i have had difficulty breathing from my nose since .
0	then she left for about 2-3 minutes .
0	comes back and gives a half assed shoulder/arm/leg massage then leaves for 5 minutes .
0	she stands up on my back .
0	this goes on for 5 minutes or so then she leaves .
0	at this point i 'm just ready to be done .
0	i came here for a sleep study .
0	the lady that took me to the back was not very personal either .
0	i assumed she had a bad day and left it at that .
0	i got taken back and setup along as other people .
0	one of the other clients played his tv super loud .
0	i could not sleep till like 1 am .
0	i did not sleep at all really after that because mask was so weird .
0	bed was like soft prison bed .
0	sheets were even less desirable along with pillow .
0	ive been to 10 sleep clinics since high school and this was the worst .
0	the er sucks majorly !
0	thanks for the tylenol , jerk .
0	oh , the piano music and guitar in the lobby was nice and cheerful !
0	was not impressed with integrative .
0	love my regular vet but they do n't do acupuncure .
0	i called and made an appointment for an office visit .
0	just wanted him to check my dog and tell me their protocol .
0	vet techs do teeth cleaning .
0	also not something i was thrilled with .
0	i have always worked with doctors who did this themselves .
0	since he specializes in chiropractic , it seemed that 's what he talked about .
0	staff was pleasant but the wait was unreal .
0	i have an appt th but do n't know if will continue there .
0	we came about 9pm right after my surgery .
0	anyway we went through the drive through .
0	had a bad attitude from the get .
0	she told me ( even more rudely ) '' move along now ! ''
0	and she shoo-ed me away with her spastic hand motions ... how rude !
0	hello people do n't usually end up in the pharmacy at their best right ?
0	`` hahha oh ok miss ( ssss ) , guess what ?
0	now i do n't feel comfortable filling this . ''
0	`` i do n't like you so that is my right . ''
0	you do n't like me ?
0	`` too bad here is a cvs down the street . ''
0	she said , and she waddled away .
0	that is when i flipped .
0	`` please do n't complain . ''
0	she said , '' i 'll give you a gift card ! ''
0	`` i 'll fill your prescription . ''
0	`` sorry it 's just store policy . ''
0	whatever she rectified it .
0	still , it that was my grandma she was treating like that ?
0	i just would n't want to have not done my part .
0	i 'm still going to complain ... 1. to you , fellow yelpers !
0	there are too many other people who need good jobs !
0	i will never go back to the chubacca cvs .
0	not even to use my $ 25 gift card .
0	i will take her advice and go to the one down the street .
0	and when i stop for gas ?
0	go talke some customer service classes you rude mean person .
0	see , i can be mean too !
0	but i did n't call you chubacca once !
0	attitude is everything folks .
0	i feel much better , thanks yelp !
0	ridiculous it 's been a month .
0	nobody calls me and when i call them they do n't seem to care .
0	terrible terrible service avoid at all costs .
0	very surprising from a business that seems to be soliciting yelp reviews .
0	dr jawadi was very personable on my first visit .
0	i was going to have test so we scheduled for the next visit .
0	i will admit i was nervous about it all .
0	my sister had a procedure done and stated it was very painful .
0	this increased my anxiety .
0	the procedure started and i jumped .
0	dr jawadi stayed i could not feel what was being down .
0	well yes i could .
0	she told me i needed to be ready for the next procedure .
0	she pointed her index finger at her head and said in you mind .
0	speaking down and curt to me like i was stupid .
0	actually i was afraid and anxious .
0	she must have missed the class on bedside care in school .
0	so i was late to my appointment .
0	i was informed they had a 15 min rule .
0	well no one shares the rule and it is not posted .
0	i patiently waited for my turn before and paid my money to be seen .
0	there was no discount because she was late .
0	the receptionist would not even ask if i could still be seen .
0	it is our policy that if you are late you have to reschedule .
0	i asked for the report of the previous test .
0	they gave me the results with no explanation and i left .
0	i came back and canceled my appointment .
0	i then returned to get the rest of my chart .
0	i said you just had my records .
0	the receptionist said you are not getting your records today .
0	we have 30 days .
0	i understand you are upset .
0	i told her she did not understand .
0	do n't take it out on me .
0	i left and then i remembered i owned money .
0	i offered to pay what was owned .
0	the receptionist informed me that i did not owe anything .
0	she looked at me and turned and walked away .
0	i guess she missed the communication and courtesy class too .
0	i am very disappointed in her and her staffs behavior .
0	i am a new patient that just moved to the area .
0	i have been with laura waggener , np , for 15 years .
0	i followed her from ingrid haas ' office when she joined paradise valley obgyn .
0	i liked her and felt comfortable with her .
0	i was told to get dressed and leave .
0	this was the most humiliating experience .
0	needless to say , i left there in tears .
0	i could understand it if i came in off the street .
0	laura was the only `` doctor '' i had known .
0	the renovations are now impacting the quality of my ymca membership .
0	there is no classes between 12:30 and 4 pm ?
0	what a joke ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i 'm about to cancel my membership .
0	my family goes to this facility .
0	we have only seen dr mickus .
0	he referred us to a dermatologist .
0	his nurse called and gave us the appt time and location of the dermatologist .
0	we ended up in the emergency room .
0	he is starting antibiotics now .
0	horrible service ! ! ! !
0	i sure do n't think so .
0	i have already reported the review as a fraudulent review because it truly is !
0	shake my head ranch dental plaza !
0	2. on my ranch dental plaza paperwork .
0	3. by a person who works there that i 'm friends with on social media
0	altaf did n't know what robaxin was for .
0	i also know it makes me feel bad .
0	she wanted me to take more and add another muscle relaxant to this one .
0	she also decided she knew more about my pain than i did .
0	how is that possible ?
0	a pain threshold is held by the person with the pain .
0	this is a `` medical group '' with around 20 physicians .
0	i called to schedule an appointment with a different doctor .
0	when she asked questions , she spoke over my answers .
0	you ca n't hear what someone is saying if your mouth is moving .
0	and it 's rude to interrupt .
0	i 'm the one trying to get better .
0	they are authoritarian and indifferent .
0	they lack empathy and compassion .
0	are they working in healthcare just for the pay scale ?
0	i followed up after my appointment , first thing the next morning .
0	this is the middle of the second business day .
0	they wont speak to me , and have not returned answers to my questions .
0	this location is dirty , smells , and has an interesting staff .
0	this place is terrible and so was the doctor that saw my grandfather today .
0	we had to wait 2 hours to be seen .
0	after each question he answered , the doctor would ask `` why ? ''
0	in such a condescending tone .
0	anything but `` why ? ''
0	`` why '' is such a silly question . ''
0	wow did this guy get defensive after that .
0	i just gave him a blank stare .
0	you should learn a little compassion and talk to your patients with respect .
0	you go there for headache they send you right away to allergy test .
0	horrible horrible horrible customer service ! ! !
0	do not purchase from liftchair.com or liftchairexperts.com ! !
0	vegans / vegetarians beware ! ! ! ! !
0	there were items marked vegetarian that were actually vegan .
0	well , this is a yes and no answer .
0	now , the reason for the one star .
0	this kind of defeats the purpose of being vegan / vegetarian .
0	the cleveland va being rated so high is a joke .
0	this hospital is a dump and their employees dump on you .
0	i am so sad to have to write this review .
0	my boyfriend and i visited here for spa week yesterday and were really disappointed .
0	unfortunately , the joya spa did n't live up to my expectations .
0	after looking at pictures and reading reviews , i was still excited .
0	upon entering the spa , we checked in with a smile-less hostest .
0	they swept us off into opposite directions so we had to coordinate via text .
0	the facilities are nice and i liked having my own personal locker with keycode .
0	my therapist joel came to get me 5 minutes after my scheduled 1pm appointment .
0	joel took me back to the treatment room and the room was pretty uninspired .
0	service was slow and my turkey burger was pretty bland .
0	i was served my salad in a bowl where the sealant was coming off .
0	he just said 'okay ' .
0	maybe we just had a bad experience because of spa week ?
0	i 'm not going back to find out .
0	terrible service ! ! !
0	if you can find another place ... ..do n't choose this terrible ortho dentistry !
0	it might be cheap but is not worth it .
0	please do n't waste your time and money .
0	first , you wo n't be welcome by receptionists .
0	they are too busy with whatever to give you any attention .
0	you must speak up for yourself and let them know you are here !
0	i wo n't be back .
0	i went in here with my husband several weeks ago .
0	after the eye exam , i heard him speaking to his receptionist about us .
0	i wasted 4 hours of my time today to be denied service i requested .
0	the impact of my current condition is both physical and emotional .
0	used them for several years and they were fine .
0	they just said no .
0	they do n't do refunds and said they 'd send the right medication .
0	we 'll , it was obviously a rush , right ? ? ? ?
0	they still refused to refund any money and blamed it on my vet .
0	so do not use this pharmacy .
0	dr. bijan ahrari is not a very good doctor at all .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
0	you are better off googling your issues and resolving them that way .
0	i worked here and only lasted six weeks .
0	my lead supervisor was cold , indifferent and unfriendly towards me .
0	this adgitated her and she got an attitude with me .
0	this was an overall very disappointing and somewhat humiliating experience .
0	i went in for fillers under my eyes , my lips and smile lines .
0	also botox and thermage .
0	my eyes and lips look worse than before .
0	actually want my eyes undone if that possible .
0	it took months for the swelling and bruising to go away .
0	had to go back 3 times to get the botox right .
0	this place is the poster child for how not to run a medical office .
0	i just said okay and hung up to do my research .
0	the doctor was great and full of knowledge .
0	i had no choice but to say yes and go see his replacement .
0	then the dr. should stay home and you receptionist should n't schedule anything .
0	they have me so upset .
0	i swear these reviews are fake as hell
0	two crowns for a total of $ 4000 .
0	i got a second opinion and got two fillings for less than $ 150 .
0	i thought i would wait awhile before writing this review .
0	the previous one star review on yelp uses the words `` money hungry '' .
0	you be the judge $ 4000 vs $ 150 .
0	i 've been a patient of dr dalley for several years without complaint .
0	however here lately their office is extremely difficult to reach .
0	they tend to overbook patients .
0	i had to wait about 40-60 minutes every single time i went there .
0	you will wait 10 mins first to see a nurse .
0	your actual time with a doctor is about 10mins .
0	no wonder every one has to wait a long time .
0	i do n't like a place that seems to be very profit driven .
0	update : just got my lab bill .
0	roughly 4 months later .
0	this incompetent medical practice pulled $ 1000 worth of blood work .
0	they should change their name to slowmed .
0	honestly this was a pretty terrible experience from start to finish .
0	after sitting in the room for another 20 minutes the dr came in .
0	she 's like `` yea . ''
0	the most insulting experience ever ! ! ! .
0	if there were 0 stars they would get that .
0	i have been coming here for 7+ years .
0	after reading all these other reviews i see that 's a common trend here .
0	he volunteered to call for me .
0	my new dr got me in within 3 minutes of check in .
0	new horizons averaged about 1 hour even with an appointment .
0	so bring a book .
0	i liked my therapist , and i enjoyed the therapy process .
0	however , they screwed up my billing .
0	do not go here .
0	i got my breads and desserts elsewhere .
0	i think the overall feel from staff in the store is impersonal .
0	i can get organic anything elsewhere with much friendlier service and cheaper prices .
0	i may return if i hear they improve on customer service .
0	do n't waste your time .
0	your time does n't matter here at smile brite dental .
0	dr vu schedules way too many appointments at once .
0	i 'm so disappointed with the staff .
0	the dental hygienist rushes through my cleaning every single time .
0	wow , so unprofessional .
0	if you love your teeth and your time is valuable do n't come here !
0	it 's not just this location it 's all of them .
0	worst hospital i 've ever been to !
0	we waited 4 hours with her crying out in the emergency room .
0	she was never even offered a blanket .
0	she said she had never seen anything like this !
0	i got the coldest answers from the front desk .
0	they were the most unsympathetic people i have ever seen .
0	they were laughing with each other and then ordered a pizza !
0	i had been talking with a woman waiting to be seen about my daughter .
0	it was one of the woman behind the desk .
0	she said `` you need to sit down .
0	she also told another person to be quiet .
0	i felt iike i was in kindergarten , not an adult .
0	she was talking about me !
0	i was so embarrassed !
0	i later received a call from a customer relations person for the hospital .
0	no complaint form , just a `` sorry about that '' letter .
0	my tattoos did not even have color .
0	when i said something to the manager she suggested i buy more treatments .
0	i only bought the other 3 because they said definitely they would be gone .
0	i was also told to drink more water .
0	i have been dealing with these tattoos for almost 3 years .
0	that was 3 weeks ago .
0	i have not heard back from them either .
0	i wo n't be finding out .
0	why would i drive 3 cities over .
0	yet when mentioned to the manager she just suggested i purchase more treatments .
0	now i 'm off to delete in phoenix .
0	other then that there 's not anything too positive to say about the place .
0	the guy at the front desk could n't have been any ruder .
0	he never even looked up at us .
0	the doctor was ok i guess .
0	this is a very nice looking place .
0	last time it was about an hour .
0	folks , this place is not big and i was the only customer there .
0	the just seem really clueless which is great since they handle my meds .
0	the absolute worst ! !
0	avoid at all costs .
0	i would absolutely discourage anyone from becoming a patron here .
0	even if you 've contacted them before using text .
0	their bogo deal is no deal at all .
0	spent $ 360+ on 2 pair which both broke within 1st year .
0	got a great pair at costco for $ 190 .
0	will never shop there again .
0	i 've been waiting for 1.5 hours to check in .
0	there are only 4 total people in here .
0	( cheyenne location ) not a very good experience with scheduling .
0	so , i called the office to schedule an appointment .
0	they use a specific system that my doctor does n't use regarding referrals .
0	one call after another .
0	so much red tape .
0	my son finally gets his appointment .
0	i drove across town to be told that they canceled my appointment .
0	i never received a call .
0	now im looking for another doctor .
0	do not go here !
0	read other reviews from actual patients .
0	no follow up and you can not get carmen on the phone .
0	front office is a disaster .
0	i had been in the chair for 3 hours and just wanted to leave .
0	it 's a shame because i like curtiss , the hygienist , very much .
0	called ahead 12:00 gave me a time for 2:45 .
0	3:00 they called to come down .
0	4:30 i 'm still waiting .
0	that was the quick service ? .
0	it was n't even busy .
0	the antibiotic has a listed complication .
0	oh yeah , we 'll have to retype the prescriptions .
0	the staff spent more time on insurance billing codes than patient needs .
0	a sharps box ( used needles ) on the floor .
0	nurse tells kids stick hands in `` all the time '' .
0	do n't let your kids stick hands in . ?
0	what is the box doing on the damn floor ?
0	i would n't even take my dog to this place .
0	once you get in to see the doctors , everything is great .
0	we especially love dr. winterland .
0	however , the ladies up front are terrible .
0	we have never had a good experience with them .
0	our must recent bad experience happened today .
0	we kept the same appointment time with another physician .
0	we checked in on time , and then waited and waited and waited .
0	after 30 minutes of nothing , i went to ask how much longer .
0	`` oh , he 's running an hour behind today . ''
0	we have a one and a half year old .
0	they need to seriously clean house up front .
0	needless to say we left .
0	come here if you have nowhere else to go .
0	apparently , 9 bucks were n't enough for her .
0	where 's that attitude coming from ?
0	that was the first and the last time at that place for me .
0	for the most part the office employees were friendly .
0	i should have read the reviews before booking with this dr 's office .
0	do not go to see doctor hamburg or anyone else at this business ! !
0	so thank you so much , you pompous son of a bitch !
0	i sincerely hope you rot in every hell .
0	i was recommended dr kootman by my eye doctor due to dry eyes .
0	meridian valley labs ) $ 154.85 directly as opposed to $ 650.00 .
0	this dental practice has very unfriendly service all around .
0	i have n't gone back and i will not recommend anyone to this practice .
0	everyone was nice , but at what cost ...
0	do not use this outfit !
0	terrible customer service and cavalier with customer 's time .
0	will not be going back .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	my fianc was experiencing extremely bad abdominal pain .
0	we got there and everyone was very friendly except for one nurse .
0	she ruined the entire experience .
0	i liked the doctor , but the office staff is rude and condescending .
0	really ? ! ? ! ?
0	why should i have to prove i was right ? ? ?
0	we did some research and discovered we had paid the bill .
0	insurance had finally gotten it put through in feb 2016 and we immediately paid .
0	i told her i could still dispute it with my cc company .
0	she said they would mail the check that weekend ( it was wednesday ) .
0	i asked her to refund the card , which she supposedly did .
0	i also asked her to send email confirmation of the refund .
0	do not trust these people
0	( although better but not right ! )
0	another chat with my insurance company is again informing !
0	swdg still did not follow through with my advise and filed incomplete claims .
0	~ she finally filed correctly ! ! !
0	which i knew was coming but why so much ! ! ! ! ... .
0	can you believe it ! ! ! !
0	how shady can you be ! ! ! ! !
0	needless to say ... i 'm only paying the cost share and nothing else !
0	sooooo long story short beware ! ! ! !
0	i decided to give the new doctor a chance ( dr.rosario ) .
0	never again will i step into that office .
0	i was extremely disappointed with how i was treated .
0	bought the groupon for exam , x-rays , and 3 adjustments .
0	setting the appointment was quick , easy and friendly .
0	the video was of testimonials saying how awesome this new nucca chiropractic treatment was .
0	wow , he was 20 pounds heavier on his right side .
0	so we set an appt for the next morning .
0	by then we already knew we wasted the $ 45 on the groupon .
0	so finally time for the `` adjustment '' .
0	the adjustment did absolutely nothing to my spouse .
0	so for some , the mind funk obviously works .
0	thanks for reading ; )
0	this office is so unorganized and unprofessional .
0	i am very disappointed with my experience .
0	they had no idea how to help me with my tooth pain .
0	i do not recommend his place .
0	please read the yelp reviews !
0	it would have helped me to make a better decision .
0	i too , purchased a groupon and over paid .
0	i felt so embarrassed .
0	the tip suggestion started at $ 15 for just good .
0	i felt the massage was counter productive after that .
0	i just moved and we are on a budget .
0	i paid for the actual service , so do n't suggest a higher tip .
0	i rather they hike the price but that 's their game i guess .
0	get you in the door and then after , surprise ! ! ! !
0	please let me know !
0	sorry , i wanted to write something amazing about you guys .
0	i was excited but i ended up feeling insulted .
0	beware of dr sharif ! ! ! !
0	beware of this `` doctor '' !
0	his office and him are extremely unprofessional !
0	it has been hell from the beginning with this surgeon !
0	for starters my mother checks in for surgery , 6am .
0	the chicks in his office confirmed the week prior they will get them .
0	and he obviously shows up to the hospital without the mri or prepared .
0	no one called or advised her they needed it or did n't have it .
0	he walks out to call his office .
0	i run and go get the disk , come back .
0	he tells us , i cant do the surgery .
0	this is too rushed and i just cant do it today !
0	and mind you my mom is in excruciating pain and desperately needs this surgery .
0	he has to follow up on the surgery he preformed .
0	this surgeon could n't care less about his patients !
0	and will kill or paralyze you .
0	if at all possible see a different doctor !
0	my 6yo son went in for a filling and 2 root canals .
0	he was nervous , but everyone promised him it would n't hurt .
0	he gave 5 novacaine/lidocaine shots .
0	2. charlie brown just proceeded to drill without testing for numbness .
0	he proceeded to drill again , and my son screamed again .
0	dr. brown 's frustration was obvious .
0	again , no test for numbness .
0	my son screamed again , and was now crying .
0	i was frozen in shock , and regret not interjecting .
0	dr. brown drilled again , and my son freaked out , sobbing .
0	nope , not numb .
0	this injection was more painful , and again , no topical anesthesia .
0	that 's when we realized the bites were way off .
0	who does crown work and fillings without bite adjustments afterward ?
0	it was short notice , and the earliest i could get in was noon .
0	we had to wait until monday .
0	my son cried a lot in his sleep that night .
0	not enough to wake himself up , but just soft sobbing throughout the night .
0	it was heartbreaking to hear .
0	he 's super diligent about flossing and brushing now .
0	anything to avoid going back to the dentist .
0	correction i asked for the paper work in may , got charged in june .
0	requested paperwork again then did n't retrieve the email .
0	then finally the 3rd time requested email .
0	girl up front not very interested in helping .
0	i asked if they could call in and have someone help her ?
0	got more sassy attitude and she spoke to me like i was not intelligent .
0	i guess im crazy .
0	left immediately and wo n't go back to a location that hires rude idiots .
0	i was forced to come here during a short vacation .
0	they tried to connect with me and make sure that i was comfortable .
0	i had sat in my room waiting for the results of my blood test .
0	is n't that how you ended up here in the first place ?
0	this nurse had no right to say that to me .
0	i just wish that she would have been more polite about it .
0	that is no way to treat a patient that is paying for their stay .
0	anyway , my experience was eh .
0	i really liked this office on my first visit .
0	now i am beyond frustrated .
0	not sure how they stay in buisness .
0	easily the worst doctor i 've ever been to .
0	she does n't listen and only pushes birth control on you .
0	the staff rarely answers the phone .
0	i had an issue last year and she was sent for an ultrasound .
0	now less than 6 months later the issue has returned .
0	i would not recommend this place for anyone .
0	very rude receptionists ( not all but some ) .
0	do n't take it personally !
0	also the deli is having very limited number of choices for the crowd .
0	for me this is not a recommended place .
0	i went in for an x-ray at this facility and that went fine .
0	there was a wait but whatever ... the real pain came after my appt .
0	it has been a joke .
0	i wish i looked at the yelp reviews before switching to this location .
0	compare offices..mesa has the worst rating .
0	( i 've never had a problem with the scottsdale office ) .
0	their office staff has zero empathy .
0	*do not visit this office* i needed to be seen for 2 things .
0	1. foot pain 2. tb test .
0	then they sent me a bill on top of that for $ 139.86 .
0	further- dr. patrick tested my thyroid and the test came back normal .
0	i was then referred to a thyroid specialist by dr. patrick .
0	when i questioned this he stated i needed to see an endocrine specialist .
0	it 's not the first time i 've had to remind them either .
0	i am saying this because i went somewhere else and it uncompareable .
0	i had previously written a good review but i am changing that .
0	no prelude , no explanation , nothing .
0	so this can drag on ?
0	i am sorry but this is my life , my baby ! !
0	hello anger & frustration , there you are .
0	a few things about this clinic that gave me a negative impression .
0	the reasons i was given did n't add up .
0	my advice : install the 'calm ' app on your smartphone .
0	you have the app with you as long as your phone is with you .
0	i wish i could have given a zero star .
0	i went there with severe throat pain due to pharyngitis .
0	i was seen by mr peter who behaved very rudely with me .
0	i spent so much money to hear these things .
0	very ill mannered and rude physician .
0	my wife made an appointment after finding out she was pregnant .
0	if i could leave less than one star , i would .
0	i dont know who tge 4 star reviews are by .
0	they must be relatives of the owners .
0	this place was the worst place ever for my mom .
0	my mom was the very first resident at hacienda .
0	i began complaining about issues happening .
0	they did not bandage huge open wounds that got very infected .
0	several times i visited my mom and there was blood all over the floor .
0	but was dried so it had been there for a while .
0	there is so much more .
0	if anyone wants more info , you can email me at thegiftingstore @ gmail.com .
0	dr. delee isnt the problem its the front office .
0	i like dr.delee but after my twins im switching to another ob .
0	his front office is just horrific and rude .
0	i listened to it .
0	so , i got a second opinion .
0	i did just say that .
0	there is no cavity .
0	the tooth is literally fine .
0	and as for the other two fillings dr. keller told me i needed ?
0	that was one thing that this new dentist could agree with dr. keller on .
0	and i had her fill it , and she did an amazing job .
0	so , dr. keller should be embarrassed .
0	heck , i would be .
0	i would never lie to a patient .
0	get your wallet out !
0	this has been my dentist for five years !
0	five years , my kids and i have come to this office .
0	now i call and ask what the balance was for ?
0	well , the insurance has not paid .
0	i ask them to call the insurance company .
0	so i call and stated i need to speak to the office manager .
0	i leave a message .
0	she never calls back .
0	five years i have been coming here .
0	i explain that i have- how did all the other bills get paid .
0	did they check in on the reimbursement ?
0	no they did not .
0	i state they told me they would- i 'm told that 's my job .
0	when i call i am left on hold .
0	my emails are unanswered .
0	no one answered , thus leaving the bill unpaid and a balance for me .
0	so many fake reviews ! ! !
0	i ca n't stand that .
0	i went to this place for contacts .
0	seems a bit expensive overall .
0	if you like care salesman tactics this place is for you .
0	it 's all about selling you !
0	i was ignorant towards this type of `` business '' .
0	they convince me i need major testosterone !
0	money hungry businesses that 's who !
0	never a discussion further .
0	i made one last attempt to go i to the office three weeks ago .
0	this was the worst experience !
0	my blood pressure is 184/111 dangerously high !
0	what do they do ?
0	he said it did n't matter i still owe it .
0	he walked out , now i 'm in the .
0	what real dr does this ?
0	plus never explaining what the additional charge was that they were demanding me pay .
0	i have contacted an attorney who says i have a solid case .
0	this practice should be ashamed of themselves !
0	please stay away read all these complaints on yelp .
0	this office does the same thing to everyone !
0	go to to an md who is not a quack !
0	it feels like the staff does n't care about their patients .
0	i am fairly disappointed with custom eyes in general .
0	so obviously , with the information given , you plan your day accordingly .
0	the person with the key arrives few minutes late .
0	i go in to check-in and sat there waiting .
0	he was thorough and was explaining what each machine does .
0	she apologized for her tardiness .
0	she was knowledgeable and informative and asked if i had any questions for her .
0	in the end , i left the office at 11:30am .
0	made an appointment the day before was sent the email that confirmed the appointment .
0	that morning i was offered an on call shift at work .
0	when arrived they had no record of my appointment .
0	even though i had text a message confirmation and email confirmation .
0	cost me big money .
0	the girls all were very rude , and took no responsibility .
0	it 's time to look into a receptionist .
0	the results of a 24 hour urine test were reported on myquest.com .
0	i called quest to explain the error .
0	my trust in quest is seriously eroded .
0	i can only wonder at the quality of the results from other tests .
0	practice is 4.5 stars ! !
0	but dr. mckenna should receive zero stars for bad business practices ! !
0	if you care about ego , status and popularity then go for it .
0	saw the nurse practitioner who was great !
0	she diagnosed the issues and recommended treatment .
0	next appointment was with dr. mckenna since he would be performing the treatment .
0	standard doc ... friendly , knowledgeable .
0	nothing special that would wow you .
0	she said she would call us with a potential date .
0	being popular among rock stars ?
0	not ent patients ? ? ? ?
0	i do n't care about a rock doctor !
0	i care about my step-daughters issues ! ! !
0	i have been going here for three years as a self pay .
0	i am never greeted by the girls at the front .
0	i now have insurance and am currently looking for a new doctor .
0	i have never felt so undervalued .
0	no bedside manners and extremely dissatisfied for life with the services rendered .
0	this place is a joke .
0	after 3+ hours waiting to see the dr , i had to leave .
0	i had no choice i had to get back to work .
0	i had a bad a experience with this place some months ago .
0	literally an hour later still did not get called back .
0	so , i just left .
0	they never called or e-mailed me to apologize .
0	i was there for a free consultation .
0	if possible to find another neurology center , i would recommend doing so .
0	i was diagnosed with sleep apnea years ago .
0	i need a cpap machine .
0	i started the process with them in march .
0	it is now july , and i still have weeks more to wait .
0	you guys deal with sick people all day .
0	do you like working here ?
0	her attitude changed really quick .
0	extremely inconvenient and literally no regard for my moms and my time/ money .
0	surprised this place has no reviews .
0	maybe they pay to have them removed .
0	i received the initial consultation at the desert location .
0	everyone including the dentist seemed professional enough .
0	by the looks of the office they are by no means a high-end facility .
0	they picked me up which i thought was a nice service .
0	i heard everything i needed to hear at this point .
0	i decided i would not continue with the advised plan .
0	super shady and i will be letting the insurance company know about these scammers .
0	seriously i had an 8 am appointment and it 's been nearly an hour .
0	there is literally one woman tuning the show .
0	she is checking in , doing the paperwork and then sucking the blood !
0	worries about the quality of anything and tired of waiting ! !
0	joke of an office .
0	if you can avoid it at all , never go here .
0	office staff that is rude and does n't care .
0	they ignored a lady crying in a wheelchair in the office .
0	i had to help her pull out her dl and insurance card .
0	they could n't have cared less .
0	she actually wrote resolved for the vertigo on my check out sheet .
0	tell my body that , you half wit not even a nurse .
0	now there 's dr. yu .
0	who at first seems okay .
0	very thick accent , but does n't seem to remind repeating things .
0	because their are n't , for him .
0	he 's not taking it so he does n't care .
0	six ? ? ? ?
0	one or two i could see , but 6 ? ! ? ! ?
0	guess he 's weak in math , as he is in being a neurologist .
0	they had my vertigo as resolved ( spoiler alert : it is n't ) .
0	how stupid are you , dr .
0	yu ? ? ? ?
0	how much do n't you give a fuck ? ? ? ? ?
0	i 'll be `` short '' about the wait times .
0	they 're fucking forever .
0	if you get in by 8 a.m. you might get out by 11'ish .
0	have an afternoon appt ?
0	hope i 'm alive to get her call .
0	seriously , what a shitty office this is .
0	my name is renee noyes this place dragged me along for over two years .
0	sat there and argued with me that i always had scoliosis .
0	they write stuff to cover their own butt and dr. daftari is the worse .
0	he refused to help me with pain .
0	i can not walk or stand with out pain still to this day .
0	i can not sit because of my tailbone pain .
0	i can not look down because something is wrong with my neck .
0	i do not recommend going to them .
0	i do not trust them .
0	i finally have pain doctor that is helping with pain .
0	dumb jerks i tell them that because i am home bound and hurt .
0	why even give a star .
0	worst place to come to .
0	staff is very unprofessional .
0	but yet everyone that came in after you is seen .
0	the staff should be more courteous and people friendly .
0	instead of seeing you as a disease .
0	well-oiled machine my foot .
0	i asked for a referral and the referral department has yet to call me .
0	it has now been three weeks .
0	also , the billing department attempted to double charge me for my copay amount .
0	most importantly , dr. irene delorenzi has some serious likeability issues .
0	rather cold bedside manner and a condescending nature .
0	time to switch pcps ... again .
0	thanks for the runaround , wfp .
0	the waiting at this facility is unreal .
0	i have donated several times and it seems like the wait time has doubled .
0	it 's is closer to 4 hrs now .
0	they have no sense of urgency .
0	their workers will stand around and chat .
0	i do n't understand why they allow this behavior to continue .
0	it 's sad that they are okay with that kind of customer service .
0	the people who work here even seem to hate their job .
0	i would never recommend this place to anyone .
0	it 's not worth the little money you get for the time it takes .
0	he offered a $ 20 consult .
0	i purchased the option for me and my husband .
0	he used a divide and conquer sales method .
0	this place feels like a mult-level marketing scam !
0	we have since found a reputable provider .
0	please , please , i beg of you go somewhere else !
0	note : this review is for the billing department only .
0	the doctors and medical staff are excellent ( 5 stars for them ) ! !
0	i 've already filed a complaint in bbb because of that .
0	i saw dr. robert j hamburg , md ( great doctor ! ! ! )
0	please note that the medical performance date is 11/3/2011 .
0	one year after the service date , i finally knew such bill existed .
0	beware of the billing department and any bills from this clinic .
0	hope this review helped .
0	and again , i do recommend dr. robert j hamburg ! ! !
0	he 's very very nice , kind , patient , and knowledgeable ! !
0	and so she set up the appointment for my 2nd sleep study .
0	i 've been waiting for over a month now .
0	i 'm just hoping that i will get my results read this month .
0	for the meantime , i 'm still waiting ( sigh )
0	i agree a lot with sarah louise .
0	i love the exterior and the storefront .
0	like sarah , i found the instruction to be below average .
0	i will likely use up my groupon but then move on .
0	i had an 8am appt time .
0	they were already more than an hour behind for walk ins .
0	she tries to put my info in the computer and it does n't work .
0	their computer system was down .
0	i waited two weeks to get a morning appt .
0	i took time off from my job to do this lab .
0	another useless big corporation not caring or making any effort to actually help people .
0	this location only staffs 1 person to do all the jobs at the lab .
0	i would give it negative stars if possible .
0	i agree with katelyn b review .
0	the place is pathetic as i wrote before .
0	which mind you was pre approved by them ! ! ! ! !
0	i am an 800 credit score .
0	i paid every office visit when they asked .
0	they handled this situation in a very unprofessional matter and were extremely rude .
0	including the head person linda who was just not nice .
0	she will come off very nice but she is not !
0	remember my previous review was deleted because they were being exposed by me .
0	do not go here !
0	this should be illegal .
0	do not go here ! !
0	absolutely no way i would have my exam started within an hour .
0	this is why i scheduled my appointment .
0	never seen this office so disorganized and uncaring .
0	i left and will not be returning .
0	however , in our very next appointment , they make us wait for 2.5hrs ?
0	how unfair is that ! !
0	i 'd complained about allergies all my bleeping life southwest medical just gives pills .
0	got ta call tomorrow and that 's okay , it 's almost 5 pm .
0	to just summarize it all .
0	slow service they seem to drag things so you pay another co-pay .
0	i find them incompetent .
0	this place was just awful .
0	the whole time i felt like i was getting ripped off .
0	will never come back .
0	we knew everyone there and service always great .
0	since avella bought it the operation has been chaos .
0	not good medicine and not good business .
0	going to walgreens down the street .
0	can not believe this place is even open
0	the dentist was very quick-almost made me feel like a number .
0	the hygienist was downright rude .
0	each visit brought on multiple issues with their staff acting unprofessionally .
0	will never recommend anyone in serious pain to this hospital !
0	brought my nephew in today because he has a fever .
0	we were told that a pediatrician will be available to see him .
0	after checking in , we were seen by a nurse practitioner instead .
0	then recommended to insert a catheter to draw his urine to check for uti .
0	we disagreed & asked to see s pediatrician .
0	for ear infection , i already know the doc is amoxicillin .
0	they did not even asked for these symptoms .
0	yes , he has dry cough .
0	so we refused catheter insert for uti test .
0	i said no , it 's otc & we already have it at home .
0	omg , otc advil/tylenol/motrin is q4h or q6h .
0	where is informed consent ?
0	no one bother to follow this as health care providers .
0	i 'm a health care provider myself but not in pediatric .
0	u just do n't try to shove medications or procedures on to patients .
0	so glad i came with my nephew today .
0	when you love your market you love it , it 's simple .
0	then at the juice bar they no longer take punch cards , why ?
0	i will not be going back .
0	my insurance covers a standard exam , including dilation .
0	both her and the paperwork made it sound like it was basically mandatory .
0	finally , they refused to tell my inter-pupilary distance .
0	their refrigirated section is discusting .
0	it has not been cleaned in eons .
0	needless to say , i wo n't be going here anytime soon .
0	there 's a giant eagle in the same area .
0	i ask myself why i did n't go there ?
0	but then after meeting the doctor my mind definitely was change .
0	so i guess they did n't want my money .
0	i wanted the 2 for $ 70 glasses with the included exam .
0	i just do n't get it .
0	honestly the whole thing was really stupid .
0	definitely not going back here .
0	the staffs in this loblaws are very unfriendly .
0	they ignore customers , give wrong information , and yell at customers .
0	it 's always freezing here , bring a sweater .
0	wait time is really long .
0	hmmm what about drs orders ?
0	i did everything he asked and ordered .
0	nevada healthcare needs to step it up a few notches .
0	horrible `` dr '' .
0	hopefully you wont make the same one .
0	this plan is unhealthy .
0	and most of the meals are just bland and fatty .
0	they all have this similar taste which gets revolting after a few weeks .
0	went today and i have insurance with a copay .
0	i did n't consent to it , so they would n't see me .
0	as long as someone else is paying they are fine .
0	called to make an appointment because i read such great reviews .
0	which one was it ?
0	lost my interest in this place that fast .
0	my midwife was lisa , the founder of the company .
0	despite being a late transfer , i felt confident in my decision .
0	however , this is when the first red flag flew .
0	this is when things went wrong .
0	it is only a strip after all .
0	still she was not concerned .
0	`` i do n't like to do internal exams .
0	you look alright to me '' .
0	i left feeling unheard and slightly embarrassed .
0	about four hours in , i developed a backache .
0	i dealt with it for an hour but it progressively got worse .
0	i also developed nausea and fatigue .
0	maybe i 'm just sitting wrong ?
0	all in a condescending tone .
0	we got a hotel .
0	i was there thirty minutes before i knew something was terribly wrong .
0	they took me to the nearest er .
0	i was admitted for two miserable days , fighting pain , fever and nausea .
0	my poor baby had to be monitored due to high heart rates .
0	after all this , i simply ask you proceed with great caution .
0	you may be lucky and nothing goes wrong , but god forbid it does .
0	indeed , they are a business despite trying to appear otherwise .
0	proceed with care sisters !
0	thanks for reading this review .
0	do n't be fooled by their fancy office , and their well-dressed receptionists .
0	they still owe me 1000
0	speed read 1 ) made from real beans , right there .
0	2 ) i do n't like their sale tactic .
0	when i buy take out , i usually do n't examine what 's inside .
0	i bought it from here many times .
0	well , some time i am not happy with what i got .
0	stay away from this place unless you have time gas and money to waste .
0	# 5 the listening sessions only give you a glorified nap .
0	plus they repeat these listening sessions .
0	i 'm not the only one see online for more reviews .
0	waste of time money and additional stress .
0	walk away - you could get a good 5 star vacation for $ 1500 .
0	dr. steinbrunner needs to take a patient/ doctor communication class .
0	be honest , explain treatment , results , possible risks and outcome .
0	how do you know a week later that i have a bad infection ?
0	that was the end of our relationship .
0	do not go here ! ! ! !
0	now they say no that it goes toward next service .
0	do not use this voucher .
0	i tipped her $ 20 too .
0	she entered the room and went right to work , which felt very uncomfortable .
0	so i 'm giving her a star for her time .
0	worst company ever to deal with ! ! !
0	stop over treating ! ! !
0	this place is a joke !
0	do n't recommend ! !
0	my primary care doctor advised that i see both a neurologist and ent specialist .
0	they had recommended phoenix neurological associates .
0	when i called , we went through standard information gathering .
0	then the scheduler asked me what i was being seen for .
0	my gp advised that i see a neurologist for a reason .
0	poor customer service and very rude .
0	the guy that helped me had a cup in his mouth the entire time .
0	he hurt my arm as well .
0	will not be returning to that location again .
0	i had $ 120 and that was it .
0	today , i stopped in there because i really need new glasses .
0	my current pair was about 7 years old .
0	i picked out a $ 150 frame and brought it to the counter .
0	now it 's a different lady at the front .
0	why do n't i have an eyeglasses script on file ?
0	i guess the $ 200 dollar eye exam did n't include an eyeglasses script .
0	my script has changed very little since early 90s .
0	i did not need another exam , i 'm tired of this highway robbery .
0	this place seems to really like the money grab so beware .
0	in response to dr. rios ' angered reply .
0	why doe n't $ 200 cover for a glasses script ?
0	what lobbyist out there wanted a state law to renew eyeglass scripts annually ?
0	can you say `` special interests '' ? ? ?
0	where do you see blackmail ?
0	that statement about blackmail alone makes me think you are wacko .
0	i am completely satisfied with my new glasses and i see great .
0	thanks for your concern about the health of my eyes , though !
0	how would he know if my script was the same since the 90s ?
0	he only saw me once and i brought no previous records with me .
0	i do have an exuberant personality , i do n't deny that .
0	when i got the the counter it was twice that amount .
0	he mentioned that the `` eye care community '' had recently discovered this information .
0	let 's divide their services .
0	their technicians , on the other hand are excellent .
0	duh , maybe because it was never written up ? ? ?
0	they 've been able to take care of almost every problem i 've had .
0	maybe $ $ $ ?
0	i have been on hold trying to schedule an appt .
0	for over 33 minutes now .
0	you guessed it - scheduling .
0	i 'm right back where i started .
0	if i could ... i would seriously give this place 0 stars !
0	this is a medical center !
0	very rude service being that they are working at a medical place .
0	i suggest or recommend to go to a different medical center / hospital please !
0	i am doing everyone a favor out there .
0	if there was a no star it would be my choice ! ! !
0	i have kept quiet for months & i 'm done .
0	after waiting 3 months to get my dentures i have had it .
0	today 's visit was icing on the cake .
0	tried to fit me today with my completed dentures .
0	the lowers are looser than the ones i have .
0	the tech kept grinding the dentures trying to get the bite right .
0	i was told they would be fixed & done by wednesday .
0	well i 'm not going back .
0	they sure have almost $ 2500 in their pocket tho .
0	i will be pursuing any & all resources to get a full refund
0	i was just standing there waiting to be acknowledged .
0	hope you can resolve this issue asap !
0	thank you but no thank you .
0	good luck to you i hope your experience is a better one .
0	they have compensated me for my gas given vip cards and everything !
0	i purchased a groupon and scheduled an appointment online .
0	the appointment was confirmed and i arrived 15 minutes early .
0	luckily , groupon is awesome and refunded me .
0	the ladies at the front desk are completely rude and unprofessional .
0	i live about 30 minutes away from the clinic .
0	came in 30 minutes before closing .
0	mind u drove all the way there again .
0	just completely rude and unorganized .
0	need to staff and system and a better team .
0	i went to my appointment today .
0	one of the workers came in to do another eye exam .
0	what is the point of having him there ?
0	i told her to get the doctor .
0	i walked into the waiting area furious .
0	it does n't make any sense .
0	she has to call the main office to get my money back .
0	steer clear of this place unless you like to waste your time .
0	***their office called me today - said they wo n't refund my money .
0	i literally signed up for yelp just to leave this review !
0	i could not agree with her more ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i 'm shocked because she described my experience as well !
0	i mean zero interest ! ! !
0	she was combative and dismissive the entire time .
0	do not waste your time or money ! !
0	all they seemed interested in doing was writing prescriptions .
0	this was the most god awful medical service i 've ever had .
0	i could have received more insightful health information out of a vending machine ! !
0	we hope you feel better .
0	the back area is very smelly as well .
0	have had better service honestly but the gel was painted decently .
0	we live far & have been with clinic over 3 years !
0	french manicure was carelessly applied .
0	dr. leroy kareus was my initial doctor , but sadly he passed away .
0	in my own opinion , he was the 'gentle soul ' of that practice .
0	my appt was sch late afternoon the day prior by the orthopedic office .
0	i knew and the orthopedic office knew my insur required referral approval .
0	no on answers and a mesg comes on advising their closed .
0	really smh , so what exactly happened ?
0	how was that over looked ?
0	definitely improvements needed in that dept .
0	5 to the gal up front , thx !
0	worst of all : they expect a minimum tip amount .
0	they expected a minimum of 30 % .
0	they kept shouting at me that they wanted more tip .
0	and then they said it was a required tip minimum .
0	are they crazy ? ? !
0	do n't go to this place .
0	i was very unimpressed .
0	i used a groupon that i got for a 60min swedish massage .
0	i would n't say it was worth even the discounted price .
0	the woman who did my massage was not friendly at all .
0	she barely said anything and was somewhat snippy and cold throughout .
0	it just felt very cold and sterile .
0	i would n't return for a massage .
0	the man who worked there seemed nice , though !
0	my dog went four days without her chemotherapy as promised .
0	roadrunner did not process my order for five days because of their oversight .
0	i called multiple times to get my dog 's chemo .
0	shipping is advertised to be free and in three days .
0	my first and last experience !
0	stay away ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	he does n't deserved a star but i have to put one to proceed .
0	2 ) they lost my script .
0	who has the answer ?
0	your guess is as good as mine ! ! !
0	lost of a script is unforgivable ! ! !
0	major disappointment ! ! !
0	same company , two totally different experiences .
0	clearly i will be taking my business to the one that deserves it .
0	i went to this dentist yesterday .
0	though i will never go back to them they had an extremely nice staff .
0	i loved the receptionist , dental assistant and doctor .
0	do not walk in to this `` walk-in '' clinic .
0	arrived the second they opened , still waited 3 hours and had to leave .
0	way overbooked and only care about the copays .
0	currently have an infection that showed up a few days after my vasectomy .
0	procedure went well and there was no pain during .
0	i 'm sick and need medicine , get some pep in your step !
0	honor your appointment times !
0	from the moment i walked into this place , i felt some off vibes .
0	the counselor i was set up with was awfully judgemental and made me uncomfortable .
0	she was prying too much into religious views and such .
0	just another one that doesnt get that not everyone is religous .
0	i 've been going to this practice for over a year now .
0	this is the second time they have charged my card without permission .
0	charges and overdraft fees because the money was n't there .
0	i am done with this office !
0	when they were at their old offices service was great .
0	never had to wait more than 10 minutes beyond my appt .
0	when they moved to a larger office it all changed .
0	three weeks ago i went in for a 10:30 appt .
0	she asked if i wanted to reschedule and i said yes and left .
0	yesterday i went back for my rescheduled appt .
0	i now have a recommendation from my doctor for a new dermatologist .
0	i had my appendix removed earlier this year by this doctor .
0	it was the worst experience of my life .
0	well guess what ... he did n't care .
0	he instructed his billing department to move forward with billing me .
0	please email me privately for that website address .
0	do yourself a favor and run from this doctor .
0	do not let him operate on you .
0	or you only have yourself to blame if you do .
0	never had such bad food in there
0	my initial thought was this is a really nice pharmacy , esthetically .
0	however , it be better managed .
0	i was in the area and had my drs .
0	i was not feeling well .
0	two medications were called in and i was instructed to start them immediately .
0	this pharmacy was close to closing and my drs office had already closed .
0	she said they can call it to my local avella pharm near me .
0	i then had returned to the cashier line to pay for my item .
0	she paused awhile and asked the pharmacist if she could do that .
0	i mean seriously ... rocket science here or just common sense ?
0	she finally checked me and the other customers out .
0	i wish avella would have been up front with my drs .
0	office from the initial phone order .
0	i would have gone to another pharmacy to get the meds that were prescribed .
0	the doctor seems like he just rolls out of bed and comes to work .
0	good thing i use a new doctor now .
0	do n't waste your time people .
0	i have enjoyed this place in the past .
0	unfortunately on sunday i had a miserable experience .
0	i was told i would be contacted and never was - very poor service .
0	once again i got burned by this location .
0	i always say i 'm not going back but somehow end up there .
0	today put me over the top .
0	the parking lot is hands down the worst in the city of cleveland .
0	i almost got hit 3 times by other drivers .
0	they need to have separate cashier who only deals with this form of payment .
0	i can not recommend them based on this .
0	so we got there around 10pm and it was not that busy .
0	service there was two ladies and one guy .
0	they could not really understand english so they there was a language barrier .
0	they we 're all nice but i did n't feel welcome .
0	i guess that 's better than massaging soft .
0	overall i would not return to this foot massage because i got ripped off .
0	the guy stopped us and said we had to tip a minimum $ 10 .
0	this is the worst most unorganized slowest cvs i have ever dealt with .
0	this particular visit i set in the drive-thru for at least 14 minutes .
0	cvs at 44th street and bell please get your act together !
0	if i could give this dr a negative 5 , i would .
0	he is the worst doctor i have ever came across .
0	i would not recommend this doctor to my worst enemy .
0	unfortunately , as a 40 year old male i had my first er visit .
0	unfortunately , it was at mountainview hospital .
0	they took over 3 hours to provide any treatment of any kind .
0	i felt very alone and helpless in their care .
0	not a very compassionate hospital .
0	it felt like that was the accepted culture at mountainview hospital .
0	this is only a summary of my experience .
0	stay away if you can !
0	the office manager amanda has no idea what she is doing .
0	i tell her that is the definition of insanity .
0	doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result .
0	do not ever come here for help or treatment in the medical field .
0	the worst run doctors office i have ever seen .
0	i see better management and workmanship at a mcdonalds or mexico .
0	receptionist had very poor phone etiquette !
0	no customer service at all and absolutely no aloha .
0	place seems like a serious scam !
0	i was told they only accept new `` functional medicine clients . ''
0	besides the fees they would bill my insurance .
0	what a joke ! ! !
0	craziest first phone call i 've ever had to a `` professional doctors office ''
0	you can go to a fine clinic just up the road for $ 39.00 .
0	so happy i will only have to be here for one test .
0	nice jennifer main piece and others i 'm not familiar with
0	staff were unhelpful from the first call to until my appointment departure .
0	dismissive staff , terrible communication .
0	had to pay for parking to be dropped off ! !
0	avoid if at all possible .
0	this dentist office is a joke .
0	i paid and left .
0	there she did not feel the pain and was numbed correctly .
0	i know saturdays are convenient but i recommend waiting and getting into another office .
0	one of them then proceeded to ask me why i was visiting today .
0	i was n't too sure if i missed something .
0	ever since dr. doyne passed away this place as went to poop .
0	they dont listen to your needs .
0	which i found out by personally calling my quest .
0	the answering company answers the phone more than they do .
0	and no the answering gas service will not pass on the message .
0	i would n't recommend this place for my worst enemy .
0	it had went so far down hill that is not even funny .
0	i did n't feel like they even tried to help .
0	the absolute misleading place i 've ever been to .
0	i was quoted 2 different prices 2 different times .
0	this place does dishonest business .
0	the staff is unprofessional .
0	smirked the entire time and looked like she was about to laugh any minute .
0	is this how you treat all of your patients ?
0	sorry , i just ca n't recommend this place .
0	the doctor was great but the staff was awful .
0	three weeks later , i was still trying to track down my order .
0	you 're supposed to guess when your prescription comes in .
0	i left with all the knots i came in with .
0	the massage therapist kept walking out of the room .
0	i gave her a good tip on the original amount because i felt bad .
0	the service did n't deserve a tip at all .
0	it was n't even close to the full length of time , but whatever..
0	this urgent care is the worst i have ever been to ! ! ! !
0	i would never recommend this place to anyone .
0	so bring a 1rst time patient i arrived to see dr tanarya at 2:30 !
0	she gave me two prescriptions one for back pain and another for muscle relaxer !
0	no one 's answering the phone .
0	miss placed my drivers license and insurance card .
0	well my first impression is my last impression of that place .
0	i 'm sure this is a more profitable area for them .
0	had a groupon to this place .
0	she disnt speak english so i could n't really have a conversation with her .
0	i sat there for about 25 minutes and finally somebody walked in .
0	then my 30 minute detox was 20 minutes .
0	i never recieved the email .
0	this place was horrible and far from relaxing .
0	i recommend not coming here at all .
0	shame on devin luzod .
0	i saw dr. chasby today and left crying and frustrated .
0	i am now permanently marred by his animal .
0	i booked this appointment a few weeks ago and have been waiting .
0	no sir , i am not requesting that .
0	this experience was completely unprofessional on multiple levels .
0	thank you for wasting my time today dr. chasby .
0	i 'm reviewing the minute clinic .
0	i went in for an ear infection the other day .
0	i think i 'd only go here for vaccinations , if that .
0	what a ridiculous way to run a business .
0	sorry to cut down on spreading germs .
0	will not be returning here .
0	scheduling staff was unfriendly and lacked compassion .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	i do not recommend this plastic surgeon .
0	never had this happen in my life before .
0	massage was good but pricey .
0	staff is rude , loud and obnoxious !
0	they curse out loud ! !
0	waiting room is old couches and chairs that are ready to fall apart .
0	tv has a dial and antenna .
0	rooms are small with no decor .
0	the doctor is up front and fast .
0	tell her what you need and she will give you a perscription for it .
0	be very skeptical of this establishment if you get your teeth cleaned here .
0	' ... yeah , right .
0	i was also charged a $ 30 co pay for virtually nothing .
0	no mention of periodontitis or cavities .
0	the 2nd dentist never told me that i needed laser gum treatment .
0	they will likely try and sell you expensive dental services you do not need .
0	dr. prabhu is terrible and his staff is even worse .
0	another doctor used to work here who was much , much better .
0	i did n't get to work with him very long , because he quit .
0	you look like a bunch of fools every time i come in .
0	i ca n't wait to find a new doctor .
0	you 're the worst in las vegas .
0	you need to write your cpap prescriptions for a full year or a lifetime .
0	i actually use mine every single day and need it to live .
0	you should be ashamed of yourselves .
0	you 're not medical professionals in my mind .
0	all you do is rip off and inconvenience everyone who walks in here .
0	you deserve to go out of business .
0	i visited this center twice .
0	both times , i felt dismissed and not heard .
0	`` essure '' in my fallopian tubes .
0	the doctor never called to consult or ever followed up .
0	i 'm truly grateful i did my own research and changed the plan .
0	oh , i wo n't be returning here .
0	ive been coming here for over 3 years now .
0	pros : doctors are nice and helpful .
0	assistants are great at blood draws and pleasant , kind .
0	cons : absolutely horrible communication regarding payments and insurance .
0	front staff is rude and does not know how to explain anything regarding insurance .
0	never told me there was a check in time and an appointment time .
0	never calls back when they say they will .
0	ca n't keep track of client history .
0	is my mental health really that much a priority to them ?
0	obviously i will be finding a new doctors office .
0	one of the most uncomfortable , unprofessional experiences i have ever had .
0	but , i paid what i was told what i owed .
0	then out of the blue , they billed me for over three hundred dollars .
0	there was no reason why , just a bill .
0	save yourself some trouble and go somewhere else .
0	the worse service i had ever received .
0	save your stress level and pick a different office
0	the staff is nice , but the wait times are *ridiculous* .
0	my husband saw dr. bradford 14 years ago and had a wonderful experience .
0	it 's a shame that the medical profession has lost all compassion and understanding .
0	there is no paul b , owner .
0	the practice is owned by dr. bellota and her husband dr. a. bist .
0	unethical behavior should not be tolerated .
0	i have screenshot and documented all correspondence with this office .
0	do not accuse me of making things up .
0	my appointments were all 5 mins long !
0	do not comment on my mental health .
0	do not assume i expect to be cured overnight .
0	first , do no harm !
0	that 's a medical malpractice suit waiting to happen .
0	this just adds on to the incredibly unprofessional and subpar treatment i received .
0	the beaurocracy here is absurd .
0	i have nothing nice to say about their service .
0	if i could give this business a zero , i would .
0	i had extreme dizziness being on their program .
0	it was to the point that i could hardly go to work .
0	i saw two different doctors and they confirmed it was due to the program .
0	my experience was not as positive as that of the other reviewers .
0	he seemed rushed and disinterested .
0	i 'll give you a referral . ''
0	and then he was gone .
0	he practically left skid marks .
0	he was a real jerk with no bedside manner at all .
0	i felt sorry for the women working in his office ; they seemed nice .
0	he was a real asshat .
0	have had to use them for just about 2 years for regular supplies .
0	both derms suggested i increase the rx .
0	i would n't recommend spectrum to anyone .
0	just remember that this is your journey and your child .
0	who enjoys seeing negative online reviews and ratings about his or her business ?
0	is now heading towards an evening appt . !
0	they said they were still pending insurance verification .
0	why does this process take so long ?
0	so , i waited another week or so and i called them again .
0	( when was somebody going to call me and let me know this ? )
0	there is no available appointment time .
0	i never heard back from them again , so i called them again .
0	this is where i am done .
0	i will find a place that can manage it 's business office .
0	your office practices have caused a serious delay in my son 's care .
0	0 stars is more like it .
0	new parents , do n't waste your time this place is a joke .
0	this happens to my husband and i every time .
0	are you kidding me !
0	i called my location for the document for a reason !
0	providers are wonderful but do n't expect to see the same provider ever .
0	even if you schedule out , something always seems to go wrong here .
0	again do n't waste your time with this awful staff .
0	wish i did not have to rate this office .
0	sending us to the 3rd dr to see if someone can correct it .
0	dr knows both hips are having issues but wants the insurance money first .
0	they are interested in money and only money .
0	your first visit is just a questionnaire which you would normally fill out yourself .
0	i should have left then .
0	he is all about money .
0	this is total bs as many of you know who are on adderall .
0	i asked do you give them medical treatment other than the chiro treatmen .
0	i was like wtf dude !
0	like helllooo , i am so sorry i wanted soup .
0	worst experience ever with a psychiatrist .
0	and he is a therapist ?
0	i tried to discuss symptoms with him when he suddenly announced i was depressed .
0	i am not depressed .
0	i have extreme anxiety .
0	do n't waste your money or what is left of your sanity .
0	never ever go here .
0	i had two different tests done here .
0	this place is an absolute joke .
0	there are many other places in town , go there .
0	wish i had read the other yelp reviews of people with similar experiences .
0	stay far away from this office .
0	had a horrendous experience just trying to make an appointment .
0	this is my first introduction to this office .
0	i finally got the receptionist and she said i needed a referral .
0	i explained i have a ppo plan that does not require referral .
0	when i questioned her , she hung up on me !
0	i find this behavior rude and unprofessional .
0	why should making an appointment be this difficult .
0	i was referred by a pediatrician to see this md .
0	i am new to the area and i had no idea what to expect .
0	i had reserved my judgment of the area -- -they could be good .
0	my first visit was good , but odd .
0	i was not told i would see a physician assistant until i arrived-not cool .
0	i am trying to go with the universe .
0	i did my labs on the property-yes !
0	and when you ask questions to the staff , they know nothing .
0	i just ca n't with them .
0	my health insurance listed them as an in network doctor .
0	thank the heavens i do not need referrals .
0	i am going back to the one medical group .
0	shows they did n't care about my business ! ! !
0	do n't dare go to this hell hole .
0	they ripped me off and the owner is a liar .
0	its been 6 months and my mouth is still in pain .
0	i have filed with the state board over my situation .
0	save yourself heartache and aggravation ... do n't go here .
0	i had a membership and recently canceled .
0	my therapist was very pleasant , and it started out great .
0	it did n't happen .
0	i was very disappointed and it was the worst massage i 've ever had .
0	it 's saturday , not a phone call or follow up to be had .
0	let 's be honest , shopping at marc 's is awful .
0	they have the most inconsistent inventory ever .
0	but the absolute worst part is check out .
0	and what the hell is up with their bags ? ? ?
0	how is that cost saving ?
0	in sum , marcs -- the necessary evil for the cheapskate shopper like me .
0	what an awful experience today at this visionworks location .
0	talk about zero personality .
0	honestly , i think the whole experience was a crock .
0	horrendous place to go too ! !
0	probably not even real doctors .
0	bad experience with a female dentist there .
0	the female doctor there is lazy .
0	it was so painful that the horrible pain kept me up all night .
0	i would not recommend her to anybody !
0	not ever going there again !
0	definitely suggest retraining bad attitudes only get you so far ... ... never again
0	the place is clean and the staff is cordial .
0	they are not about serving their patients .
0	i have been going to the 4c medical group for quite a while now .
0	he 's a child .
0	they get sick sick .
0	i wish i could give this dental practice zero stars .
0	very sarcastic also , in an failing attempt to be funny .
0	then finally they did and mailed my mom her check .
0	new dentist likes to recommend unnecessary dental work to everyone .
0	i highly recommend anywhere else .
0	i called 2/22/18 to make an appointment .
0	i gave them all my info to get prequalified for my procedure .
0	was told i would get a call back the same day .
0	completely unprepared for thanksgiving rush .
0	every department in disarray .
0	the office staff is either incompetent , or they just do n't care .
0	not just a delayed response , zero response .
0	last time it was 1.5 hours .
0	dr. aragon seems knowledgeable , but i find her cold and distracted .
0	does n't make eye contact , does n't seem like she 's really listening .
0	office is officially closed .
0	it 's been a nightmare .
0	my daughter starts allergy shots soon .
0	so far the office has been great to work with .
0	one lady turned to another and said they 'd been waiting 90 minutes .
0	well , to be accurate , 57 minutes .
0	( yes ) and then asks if it 's metal ?
0	and i just look at him very level .
0	and i tell him , very quietly , `` no .
0	i do n't have any extraneous metal hair ties . ''
0	this comedy show goes on for a while .
0	at no time does he come in and say anything .
0	like- did we have to start over ?
0	did something go wrong ?
0	at no time did he offer assistance .
0	well , no it was n't .
0	i know , because i can math .
0	good job , simonmed .
0	i was highly recommend to dr cummings in this group .
0	he did not order any diagnostic imaging for the first 3 months .
0	i was only prescribed physical therapy .
0	when that failed he ordered mri imaging for my elbow only .
0	over 6 months later i got surgery on my elbow only .
0	when that failed to produce real results he suggested injections in my shoulder .
0	do n't even think about using them for any work related injury .
0	not worth a single star !
0	not the greatest service here .
0	the meat and seafood departments rock but the others , not so much .
0	i have so many of those stories where people just do n't care .
0	the one on the strip is superb .
0	they have their a game going , too many tourists not to .
0	there is a wonderful lady at check out counter in henderson .
0	i 'm going to get her name .
0	she 's happier than a pig in mud every time i go to her .
0	she makes my trip to whole foods worth it .
0	always smiling and happy to have a job .
0	dr. sabouri is a great dr. and person .
0	i gave been a patient for glaucoma treatment .
0	i cancelled my appointment for july , manager refuses to return my phone calls .
0	dr. wellish , your reputation going down for $ 15 .
0	do n't buy a groupon from this place !
0	my group of friends & i got screwed !
0	we were under the impression that there were several employees who could provide service .
0	first of all : `` vom fass '' ? !
0	what did you just say ?
0	and i 'm 30 years old .
0	fortunately , i heard about this place through word of mouth .
0	to me , this felt like a pretty disingenuous business strategy .
0	just do your homework before you buy !
0	i didnt see one white person in sight .
0	the produce looked ok ... . i would buy that if it was on sale..
0	stay away from this pharmacy .
0	i would give it zero stars if i could .
0	the medication came and the capsule is over 1 cm long .
0	i asked for a small courtesy discount , they refused .
0	wished i could give no stars .
0	1. clothes on during massage .
0	2. mandatory tipping 3. no one speaks english ! ! !
0	4. not licensed masseuse 5. unprofessional beware ... do not waste your money .
0	my friends and i will never revisit this place again .
0	i cant tell you how awful this was .
0	i was `` seen '' yesterday .
0	1 ) i cant rate a doctor i did not see !
0	recently moved to a new town , new vet .
0	called roadrunner to change contact information , shipping address and credit card information .
0	vet then called in our order .
0	dog just had a checkup .
0	vet called in order already .
0	taking our business elsewhere .
0	would make ordering so much easier for everyone .
0	save your money and go elsewhere !
0	my lashes coming into this place looked so much better .
0	i did n't understand .
0	she claimed it was because she did a classic set on me .
0	regardless , i usually always get classics done and they never looked like this .
0	they were so short and spaced out .
0	3 days later everyone ... smh..
0	came in at 6 pm and was seen at 12 am .
0	does n't make any sense .
0	once i had to tell him what i think he should be prescribing me .
0	i do not trust this facility with my healthcare at all .
0	this place is a joke .
0	my advice is to run , find another doctor .
0	anything is better than this .
0	the front office staff was very professional .
0	the reason i see a professional is to get there professional opinion .
0	i 've never been charged extra to receive this information .
0	she then proceeded to touch the protective plastic that went into my mouth .
0	somehow things got worse .
0	no cash out , i asked what happened .
0	they said the bank system was down all day .
0	i find it odd that they were n't telling people that from the beginning .
0	especially since it had been happening all day .
0	i heard talecris was better and had better new donor fees as well .
0	fyi watch the pharmacy techs max and brenda .
0	she does not communicate well at the drive thru window .
0	she has messed up our prescriptions in the past .
0	god forbid you call her out on the phone she yells and becomes argumentative .
0	brenda is mostly there during the day avoid her .
0	will not ever go back there .
0	we are now in may and still do n't have my glasses .
0	i have been dealing with headaches and having to work straining my vision .
0	all because of the lack of responsibility and professionalism of this place .
0	i wish i would 've read the reviews prior to giving them a try .
0	waiting a month and half for it is unacceptable .
0	i asked for a refund but was told that all sales are final .
0	do n't waste your money , time or energy here
0	i have been a patient of dr. sparks for over 10years .
0	i have been on physical disability for 22 + years .
0	2017 was the first year i asked for a pain med ever !
0	so i went to the pain doctor .
0	after she parted ways with ( humana ? )
0	she changed her practice .
0	she became holistic , and blames all sicknesses of any kind on gluten intolerance .
0	she pushes homeopathic medication that she sells her self .
0	updated-after i saw the doctor ?
0	they ended up finally taking me to the back to see the doctor .
0	and i waited another 35 minutes and still no doctor .
0	i ended up walking out as i stated before i had work .
0	these ppl are a joke !
0	u might catch their laziness , incompetence and stupidity .
0	sucks does n't it ?
0	so what happens now ?
0	did they warn me ?
0	it took me over 30 minutes to fill out the paperwork .
0	yeah she was extremely helpful ... .can u read my sarcasm ? ? ?
0	so yes i 've been waiting over 40 minutes now to see the doctor .
0	am i going to be late to work ... .no why ?
0	i 'm not waiting past another 30 minutes to see the doctor .
0	cuz that is over an hour that once waited for the doctor .
0	and i think that is enough .
0	they should have warned me to come in earlier to fill out the paperwork .
0	they should have done a lot of things differently .
0	but i would not be holding my breath .
0	we did a walk in .
0	been here several times before with ok service .
0	it 's been 3 hours now and still 2 people ahead of us .
0	i had a horrible experience with dr gross .
0	i would never recommend him and i hope others stay away .
0	this place is a joke .
0	i remember when it opened and they were so accommodating .
0	i used to live around here but now i dont live close .
0	so i do n't go often .
0	i walked in today and was on the phone .
0	coco said `` it 's okay there 's no one here '' .
0	she asked how long did i want .
0	then before i could answer she said do you have an appointment ?
0	i told her no .
0	i am so pissed .
0	what kind of company turns away customers .
0	worst customer service ever .
0	to make matters worse , the next morning one of her brackets fell off .
0	was n't that the point of the mold during the first visit ?
0	at this point , i am so confused .
0	why would we expect her wire to fall out again ?
0	and why is it my job to fix it ?
0	her orthodontist takes an hour and a half to even enter the room .
0	i have so many concerns and questions at this point .
0	why isnt the orthodontist more involved with her patients ?
0	why are dental assistants doing all of the work ?
0	there is absolutely no communication at all .
0	it has been a complete nightmare ! !
0	i was expecting so much more .
0	i 've just decided to contact the better business bureau .
0	i would not go back here and would not recommend this dentist !
0	the patient portal is very useful .
0	$ 50 is excessive ... but there is value in it if used correctly .
0	my complaint is the communication or lack thereof .
0	i 've seen dr. goldman and my wife has seen dr. archabeck .
0	the doctors are great ... their staff is not .
0	also ... here 's a negative to the portal .
0	we received a call from the office to call back asap .
0	every time i go for a cleaning have a new cavity !
0	( you 're right because i wo n't be back ! )
0	after going to another dentist he didnt find any cavities !
0	so what was the dr going to fill if there were no cavities !
0	will not be back !
0	i ordered a vanilla smoothie with almond milk and vegan protein .
0	umm , excuse me , did i ask for sugar free ?
0	they should have told me it was sugar free before selling it to me .
0	they laughed at me .
0	i am so disappointed in their lack of customer service .
0	i ended up throwing the second drink away - awful taste .
0	i 'd probably get better nutrition eating bark off of the tree outside .
0	you could n't pay me enough money to ever come back to this place .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	a lot of `` i do n't knows '' .
0	front staff very very rude , unorganized and unprofessional .
0	i was very surprised because sante spa in mission is the exact opposite !
0	this medical facility is an utter disasterous joke .
0	then today it was reported to me by my pharmacist that my d.o.b .
0	was incorrect on their records received from wfp .
0	my family has been going to this practice for more than 10 years .
0	depression ca n't wait .
0	this practice has become machine .
0	get in line and wait to get processed thru .
0	does the doctor get a kickback ?
0	i had already informed him of my current brand which is fantastic .
0	eye doctor tried to push back on this brand he suggested a second time .
0	i said i would try , once i put them on they sucked .
0	the lenses i have are silicone hydrogel .
0	finally he said they would order them .
0	he changed the damn script on me .
0	so we had to look through the lenses again .
0	i think they got a trial box .
0	i only came here because my eye insurance changed .
0	never again , i 'm going back to central phoenix eye care .
0	i 'm changing employers and insurance anyway , might as well lump this in .
0	i wo n't be back .
0	this review is for our experience 9/2015 .
0	no problems setting an appointment or being seen in a timely fashion .
0	i decided to just go somewhere else to fill the cavity .
0	and now my wife has to wait again ! ! ?
0	and walmart is faster and they give you a courtesy call .
0	last time i will be here .
0	i do not recommend this place .
0	if there was a no star button i would 've gave it no star .
0	waste of my damn time .
0	and i paid in full right away .
0	now the worst part for me is trying to get a refund from him !
0	`` , just because i said that i felt i should do a review !
0	what a terrible dr ! !
0	we brought our toddler in with thrush .
0	the website is substandard by 1992 standards .
0	there are forms for download , but they are the wrong forms !
0	my wife and i were going to be seen here because we live close .
0	she said , `` probably not '' .
0	i told her that my wife wanted to be evaluated for braces .
0	we would have had to re-register with a whole new dentist .
0	the ledgers are completely in medical coding , mind you .
0	not to mention that she asked extremely personal questions to everybody that walked in .
0	`` are you married ? ''
0	`` what happened to your girlfreind ? ''
0	`` what do you do for a living '' etc .
0	this dentist office is bad .
0	so , so bad .
0	edit : this review was meant for the office on desert inn road .
0	worst bowling alley i 've ever been to .
0	the lane was extremely greasy , way to much .
0	the bowling balls were covered and grip of the ball was limited .
0	it was about 90 degrees inside .
0	i hit the help button after our lane froze up and nobody came .
0	( it was us ) .
0	bad experience all around .
0	bought the groupon for $ 15.00 .
0	wo n't be going back .
0	however , this surprisingly was n't what made me find another dentist .
0	worst dr office i have ever been to !
0	if i could give less than one star i would !
0	now i 'm told there are two people ahead of me !
0	the same thing happened when they did my colonoscopy .
0	they did n't even start the procedure until 4 ; 15 !
0	this appears to be a pattern now !
0	my time is valuable as well ! ! !
0	if you have a choice use someone else who perhaps respects their patients !
0	do n't do it folks , it is noting but one huge headache .
0	ps amanda - i am not wasting my time reaching out .
0	please feel free to have someone from your office contact me .
0	brooke d. can let you know how to reach me .
0	your life is worth way more then a bill .
0	they checked me out , said i had a uti and sent me home .
0	again i went back to mountain view .
0	where upon telling them my symptoms they told me i was deyhrated .
0	i had just told the nurse i was unable to keep anything down .
0	it was even hot to the touch .
0	but no one touched me .
0	that day i researched my symptoms online .
0	i concluded i had appendicitis .
0	but twice i was told by medical staff that this was normal .
0	but i knew in my heart that it wasnt .
0	so that night i made the decision to go to another hospital .
0	i was rushed into emergency surgery .
0	i had a c-section and my appendicitis removed .
0	after mine and my child 's recovery we went back to mountain view .
0	you decide for yourself .
0	does n't even deserve one star .
0	my sister had genetic testing and found out she had lynch syndrome .
0	wait until i get a chance to speak with them face to face .
0	my guess is we are not the first family to experience this .
0	the most rudest staff and filthiest facility i have ever laid eyes on .
0	not to mention they gossip and laugh about patients diagnosis .
0	i really like tom willim which is why i give 2 stars .
0	the office however is like dealing with a bureaucracy .
0	no one is treated as an individual just another number coming in the door .
0	they do not listen .
0	i am so disappointed - really disappointed .
0	now i may have to search elsewhere .
0	really - they need to be reminded that their field includes compassion and caring .
0	do not go here ! ! ! !
0	i think their reviews are by their employees .
0	and said , 'no , i looked longer than i normally would ' .
0	i asked for a refund and left .
0	i am reporting him to the medical board .
0	its a terriable allergic reaction , not scabies .
0	i ca n't believe this man is licensed to practice medicine .
0	only one star because i had to , but o say zero
0	now i 'm super annoyed .
0	one of my prescriptions was called in for the wrong dosage .
0	i kept checking with the pharmacy .
0	called both yesterday and twice today .
0	it has not been corrected , nor have i received a call back .
0	i never was able to speak with anyone or make an appointment .
0	after reading the other reviews here , i think i will choose another pcp .
0	was referred here by my orthopedic surgeon .
0	suppose to have an appointment with kayla .
0	kristin willis of planet beach is the reason i 'm writing this negative review .
0	she refused and said i can help you im the manager .
0	i left and will never return .
0	the staff that works the front desk are always super welcoming and friendly .
0	with that being said , the pharmacy is a totally different ball game .
0	i went in the other day , needing something from behind that counter .
0	ugh , are you kidding ?
0	never going to this specific pharmacy again .
0	i had very high out of pocket costs .
0	i do not recommend going to this clinic .
0	if you are in a hurry , forget about it at this place .
0	that is all i can say .
0	this is a long review so stay with me !
0	i began to see dr. deka for my first pregnancy in october .
0	before i had even met the doctor that would be delivering my baby .
0	fine , i thought .
0	this was my appointment with the np .
0	the next app was with dr. deka herself .
0	she seemed nice , knowledgeable and genuine .
0	ok , i thought , doc knows best right ? ) .
0	all we covered was that i want a natural birth .
0	she did not seem interested in anything else i had to say .
0	day of the delivery : i went into labor at 39 weeks .
0	my contractions were getting stronger and coming faster .
0	the nurse was pissed .
0	dr. deka was pissed .
0	i did n't care .
0	my labor was progressing normally and naturally .
0	she even called it a `` textbook '' delivery .
0	sounds like some money making tricks to me .
0	the front office is the best part of the entire practice in my opinion .
0	they answer your questions , are pleasant and remembered me every time .
0	it 's the only reason i 'm leaving a two star review .
0	and no one did .
0	either way , really terrible customer service and phone skills .
0	we will never return .
0	was told this place was amazing and i will never return or recommend .
0	made me wait two hours and were nothing but rude the entire time .
0	almost walked out several times .
0	visited twice and they got nothing done both times .
0	would n't wish this place on my worst enemies .
0	beware : unprofessional and in it for the money .
0	she never asked when i spoke to her on the phone .
0	her attitude about it was very accusatory and rude .
0	why would i pay out of pocket ?
0	they were n't needed and my insurance only covers one every 3 years .
0	i wasted time there and was not able to get a cleaning .
0	simply because she wanted money to do an x-ray .
0	i 'm glad i figured this out before having them get near my mouth .
0	now i get a message they have reinstated blue cross ?
0	what 's up , warner practice !
0	this was my first time visiting a psychiatrist .
0	i came in seeking help for anxiety and depression .
0	then she asked which one i think i have ?
0	and the treatment plan ?
0	`` there are mood stabilizers and anti-depressants .
0	here 's what each one does .
0	which do you think you want or need ? ''
0	nut shell fragments in my salad almost caused serious dental problems .
0	we are not talking about large , obvious pistachio shells .
0	would not come here again .
0	i ca n't inspect every single bite before i eat it .
0	eating is a major hassle if i have to do that .
0	do n't go with the older guy with glasses .
0	he kept falling asleep during my one hour foot massage .
0	bought a vegan cake for my sons birthday .
0	asked if they could write happy birthday on it .
0	woman tells me ca n't i 'm not a cake decorator .
0	this store gives zero shits about the customer experience .
0	they are sending me away and really acting like i am bothering them here !
0	btw there is nobody else here , not like they 're busy or anything .
0	just wanted some help and this urgent care failed 100 % .
0	i have n't had a great experience here .
0	i didnt even get a crappy prescription for my pain .
0	so waiting for the weeklong process was uneccesary .
0	i honestly feel neglected because i 'm generally 'young ' and 'healthy ' .
0	otherwise it would be $ 50 .
0	my dental hygienist also put barely any effort at all into cleaning my teeth .
0	i do n't know if it 's because it was around lunch or what .
0	one of the most horrible receptionist i have encountered .
0	her name is tram .
0	awful , unproffesional , rude , impolite .
0	taking my business somewhere else because of her !
0	all they care about is your money .
0	do n't waste your time and money .
0	they do n't try to help you .
0	they 're the worst .
0	we went to elixir with high hopes given their menu and approach to food .
0	we arrived and were one of two groups in the entire restaurant .
0	when the food came it was pretty good .
0	the only guests in her new restaurant and could n't come out .
0	i ca n't even begin to wrap my head around that kind of mentality .
0	then to not come out and introduce herself under these circumstances - just mindblowing .
0	to have a brand new restaurant opening and not want to come out and greet
0	we planned a girls day for a friend 's birthday .
0	they were fairly unapologetic about it .
0	they need to get it together .
0	their services are way too expensive to have to deal with all the drama .
0	save your money and your time , go somewhere else .
0	during this time , some movement in his lower teeth occurred .
0	he also stated this was all because my son was not wearing the retainer .
0	i went to this provider about 3 years ago .
0	i had my teeth cleaned 5 times within 8 months .
0	the other dentist i went to was awesome .
0	i told the dentist that the first cleaning was fine .
0	then she would charge my insurance as a teeth cleaning .
0	so she said i needed 3 deep cleanings .
0	that would be 9 visits .
0	my insurance would only cover 2 cleanings .
0	so after the second cleaning , which was the other side of my mouth .
0	i had to pay full price which was around 150.00 dollars or more .
0	i still have all the receipts of all the over payments !
0	i was referred onto dr. yasmin ismail-juma .
0	on a separate instance , she messed up the routine filling job .
0	then to fix her error , she offered to perform a free root canal .
0	beware : i feel demeaned , can not trust yasmin ismail-juma .
0	shame on the dental practice !
0	i was visiting las vegas and desperately needed a mani-pedi and a bikini wax .
0	based on reviews , today nails looked like a good prospect .
0	really ? ? ! !
0	extra fee to take off gel polish .
0	extra cost to cut down nails .
0	extra fee to do ombr gel on nails .
0	then made them wait 40 minutes or more .
0	an expensive lesson learned !
0	i do n't know but seems fishy , wo n't be back .
0	then they want to prescribe medication that alter your state of mind .
0	culinary uses them as a main provider .
0	it 's a cash cow for harmony .
0	avoid them do your research .
0	do yourself a favor .
0	today was the last straw !
0	the markings created were not wiped off/removed .
0	overall i would not recommend going here for anything .
0	my wife went for a cleaning .
0	they said she needed a deep cleaning and would not do a regular cleaning .
0	we paid $ 95 for a smile save plan .
0	i 've asked for a refund and disputed the charge .
0	i feel like they were trying to rip us off with the deep cleaning .
0	i 'll be upfront ... i really do n't like no frills .
0	but sometimes the price is too good to pass up .
0	ataulfo mango for 30 cents each ? ?
0	then i remember that i do n't like no frills .
0	dr. sakias it 's very unprofessional and very cocky .
0	his staff was rude they left me in the room with no explanation .
0	also i supposed to have a prescription nobody ever called it in .
0	a doctor that ca n't read an mri disk .
1	dr. j. phillipp is a great dentist , very friendly and professional .
1	i highly recommend this office for the nice synergy the whole office has !
1	together with their agape team are caring , professional , thorough and knowledgeable .
1	each visit is carefully tailored to your current state of being and needs .
1	the doctors have always been super nice .
1	my daughter had stitches done , and she was a nervous wreck .
1	it was very nice .
1	we have had a wonderful experience with dr. beals treating our son .
1	i love this place !
1	this store carries products that i ca n't find anywhere else besides online .
1	organized , clean , and a huge selection .
1	best service i 've been in las vegas !
1	everyone are so nice !
1	and all the design are perfect
1	i so disagree with a couple of the reviews i read .
1	she is very detailed and shows concern regarding all aspects of my health .
1	i have referred several people to her .
1	only one word - fantastic !
1	his staff is excellent , and his art in dentistry and patient care unsurpassed .
1	cut and dried - dr. goth was outstanding .
1	he is the man to see in the pittsburgh area .
1	anthony `` tony '' walker and jennifer hannon are a great team .
1	they really know their stuff .
1	beyond knowing their stuff is their continual dialogue with patients .
1	then we would get into planning for that day and going forward .
1	i was involved in the therapy .
1	and we continued in this joint planning over a month of treatments .
1	good resource for most all of us .
1	she is a great technician to boot !
1	i needed a quick appointment and did n't want to wait several weeks .
1	i took a gamble and picked first available , which was dr. chuang .
1	i could n't have disagreed more on the negative reviews .
1	both valley ent and dr. chuang were professional , courteous , thorough and friendly .
1	i will enthusiastically recommend both to anyone looking for quality healthcare .
1	i strongly endorse them .
1	yes , this is as good as it gets !
1	the whole staff is very professional , kind and accommodating .
1	not to mention happy !
1	the hygienists are just the best , as are all the staff .
1	i highly recommend this whole office to anyone needing work done !
1	you will not be disappointed .
1	honestly she did n't even go over it all the way with the laser .
1	there 's quite a bit of the tattoo that 's untouched .
1	i 'll be going somewhere else for the remainder .
1	dr. bang is by far the best chiropractor i 've ever been to .
1	we actually did n't start adjusting joints until my 4th visit !
1	my experience with dr. malek has been nothing short of fantastic .
1	dr. malek was kind while retaining a very professional demeanor .
1	everything was very upfront .
1	there were zero hidden charges or unexpected costs .
1	the results are incrdible .
1	today my friend and i came in for a body massage .
1	let me tell you !
1	very relaxing and clean .
1	i did n't get my misuses name but she did a fantastic job .
1	i am so happy my friend and i chose this place .
1	i highly recommend this chandler crossroads me .
1	it 's clean and inviting .
1	the front staff are very helpful , polite and always have a smile on .
1	rooms are clean and welcoming .
1	there are plenty of therapists each with their own strengths and all very competent .
1	i always look forward to my next visit .
1	check this place out .
1	you 'll leave relaxed and well taken care of .
1	all of the dentists and staff are so professional and kind .
1	we absolutely recommend this to all of our family and friends .
1	he is the nicest , most caring sweet attentive doctor i 've ever seen !
1	i do n't know what i would do without him !
1	michael tucker is the best !
1	yes it might just be rice and steamed greens but their sauces enhance everything .
1	when i come for healthy vegan food , that 's all i really want .
1	i just wish there was somewhere like this in calgary .
1	woke up earlier this week with a crazy case of torticollis .
1	went to the joint on wednesday , thursday , and friday ( today ) .
1	quick , easy adjustments and i 'm back to *almost* 100 % .
1	today , i mentioned offhand that i 've had tmj for 3 weeks .
1	two seconds of adjustments and bam it 's fixed !
1	what the heck ? !
1	why did n't i ask about this before ? !
1	i have a good time here .
1	i was kind of upset that my previous dentist left .
1	i wish they would have sent an email or something letting me know .
1	the staff is really nice .
1	overall , great atmosphere ! ! !
1	what 's to say !
1	it 's a grocery store with what ya need downtown .
1	pvsec was amazing when our family dog was attacked by a deer .
1	the staff and doctors were wonderful .
1	would highly recommend this clinic to care for your furry friend .
1	every member of the staff is extremely friendly and courteous .
1	very professional , very clean and modern , even relaxing !
1	headphones for the tv ?
1	they use a three-part numbing process so i 've never had issues with pain .
1	wow ... no reviews on here yet ?
1	i am surprised ... i love this gym .
1	i like a lot of gyms , but i love this gym !
1	my husband had similiar results .
1	thanks bobby ... from all of us !
1	i ca n't wait to see what we look like on our wedding anniversary !
1	i have been here countless times and keep coming back .
1	all of my friends are hooked too .
1	delicious salads , bowls , burgers , wraps , and desserts -- all vegan !
1	always busy but totally worth it .
1	i love this place !
1	i bought another weighing scale just to double check , lol ! !
1	well because i ca n't believe it !
1	i came almost everyday & i love all the coaches !
1	i was very impressed by this optometrist .
1	definitely one of the best optometry experiences i 've had !
1	i 've been going to touch of life for a few months now .
1	james is an excellent massage therapist .
1	ask about their specials when you make an appointment .
1	they offer pretty good package deals .
1	dr vicuna is fabulous !
1	she was very thorough and did n't mind me asking a million questions .
1	lol she is very patient .
1	the office staff is very nice and is really on top of things .
1	i 'd definitely recommend the peoria , az location !
1	never once was i approached or pressured to join the gym .
1	i felt very relaxed and it was much needed .
1	i hate and i do mean hate going to the dentist .
1	however dr. dachs and his team always makes my visit a pleasant one .
1	the entire staff from the receptionist to the hygienist , to the dr 's .
1	have all been very wonderful and patient with a wimp like me .
1	you will be pleasantly surprised !
1	this is the most wonderful place to go .
1	you can get all of your needs met .
1	it 's all here .
1	no more 2 , 3 or 4 different places .
1	dr mary montes and her assistant chelsea are phenomenal .
1	you get a live person when you call !
1	they call you back !
1	i would give this office 10 stars if i could .
1	i went to the kids doctors office .
1	my daughter really like it .
1	the office and rooms had all different kinds of themes throughout .
1	i think i 'm also gon na bring my little brother here too .
1	how can you not love trader joe 's ?
1	everyone is eager to help and answer any questions that you may have .
1	the prices on their produce is great .
1	their prices are pretty hard to beat !
1	the waiting room is fun and inviting for kids of all ages .
1	and that 's not even counting the amazing work they did on their teeth !
1	great service , nice looking store !
1	good prices & service !
1	have tried the others and will always keep coming back exhale nevada ! !
1	the best optometrist in vegas .
1	much better then lenscrafters !
1	she explained my sight problems and found great new frames great staff !
1	i will definitely come back !
1	they recommended me to dr. daccache , who is great by the way .
1	and that 's when i knew i had to switch to bella smiles .
1	i definitely trust them with my teeth to tell you the least !
1	i had a great experience with my sessions .
1	greg was very friendly and explained every step of the process .
1	i felt very comfortable during my visits and got great results !
1	i have had amazing results ! ! !
1	other than that , they are great !
1	we were just in arizona visiting family and stopped by this nutrishop .
1	this is my place to go when needing a massage .
1	the place is lovely , the staff is amazing and never disappoints me .
1	i avoided seeing a doctor because i did n't want surgery .
1	this is my wonderful experience to share with you !
1	first i ask friend to suggest for reliable and expert skill dentist i need .
1	this is the fast speed for my dental experience ever have .
1	best suggestion and share !
1	questionable from the outside as plain ; but once inside , it is perfect .
1	clean , great layout , beautiful employees that do a magnificent job .
1	would definitely recommend and would go back for sure .
1	i got a male pedicure and my wife and friend received mani-pedis .
1	by far the best dentist i have ever had .
1	its too bad i 'm at san francisco now .
1	dr. hood and staff are super friendly and easy to work with .
1	dr. hood is gentle and effective .
1	he is attentive to problems and always listens before he drills !
1	roadrunner pharmacy has given me consistently first-rate service for two years now .
1	their prices are reasonable , service via ups delivery is lightning fast .
1	thank you , roadrunner !
1	from the moment we walked in we were greeted and checking in went smoothly .
1	the staff is awesome .
1	totally making us feel comfortable .
1	i am very pleased and will definitely be my place for dentistry .
1	brand shiny new store .
1	new stores are always fun to explore .
1	wholes foods are even more fun to explore .
1	i had a good experience in this store .
1	i work very close to this area at times .
1	the store is clean and well organized .
1	so far so good , thumbs up .
1	the nicest people you will ever meet .
1	i am a doctor 's wife and a horrible , high stress patient .
1	dr krispel and meadows retina is the best choice in vegas , period .
1	i 've had retina procedures done elsewhere and there is no comparison .
1	very skilled but also very gentle .
1	the summerlin location was convenient and the wait time was super reasonable .
1	5 stars without any doubt .
1	love this place best massage ever , very clean .
1	they do a great job with the deep tissue massage very relaxing .
1	i absolutely love smoothie king and this one is in such a convenient location !
1	most days it 's a wee bit pricey but totally worth it .
1	$ 5 and $ 6 32 oz smoothies on fridays !
1	i 'd highly recommend any of the greek yogurt meal replacements !
1	this place is amazing ! ! !
1	the doctors and staff are so friendly and made me feel comfortable .
1	it 's safe to say i found my forever dentist !
1	i will be sending all my family and friends .
1	amazing quality and service !
1	the whole staff is so nice and helpful !
1	ok guys i have been around this town and honestly this place is fantastic !
1	it is very clean and i cant wait to be back .
1	she massaged and gently manipulated my neck at the c5-c6 level .
1	she 's awesome i 'm so happy i found her !
1	thankfully my wife forced me to try the joint .
1	i have to give praise to dr. jimmy who has been on point .
1	i absolutely love it .
1	the staff is always friendly and very understanding .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	so far so good .
1	great price great work !
1	always able to get me in quick .
1	i always feel better after leaving .
1	dr roach does a really good job .
1	***attention locals ! ! !
1	*** this place was incredible !
1	it was such a great idea !
1	the outside looks a little plain and so does the decor inside .
1	they were quite but extremely polite .
1	yes there 's a bit of a language barrier .
1	however , they were wonderful !
1	the rooms were dark so we did n't really get to see .
1	we did the 40min manager special , full body massage .
1	we both had trouble staying awake .
1	we tipped well because they most certainly deserved it .
1	overall : highly recommend !
1	do n't miss out because of location .
1	this is a place to drive to !
1	he has great bedside manner and makes you feel relaxed .
1	i am down about 15 pounds .
1	ca n't argue with that .
1	came here battling my third kidney stone in two years .
1	you guys/gals are awesome !
1	my mother is 89 years old and lives alone .
1	the caregivers are so compassionate and has given me much peace of mind !
1	office on miles road is friendly and thorough .
1	i scheduled my next appointment .
1	this little cottage is tucked away in the back .
1	the sign is easy to spot .
1	the owner is always so helpful in finding what we need .
1	there is a room of wall to wall high quality spices and herbal teas .
1	our favorites are cayenne , tumeric and hawthorn berries .
1	i really believe in ancient remedies .
1	worth a look see !
1	i spoke with them on friday , the compounded drug arrived on tuesday .
1	great service , nice help , impressive prices .
1	my first ever purchase at the optic zone was a great experience .
1	i ca n't say enough wonderful things about her .
1	everyone i 've had contact with here has been great .
1	i also got a facial here last month and was very pleased as well .
1	also , they have a point earning system which i just learned about .
1	one of my favorite spas !
1	are you a mom who thinks getting a cat nap in is luxury ?
1	i went for electrolysis with maria , the owner .
1	she is very quick .
1	she even had time to treat my broken capillaries and cherry angiomas .
1	the staff is friendly and professional .
1	the facility is clean and modern .
1	the doctors are very knowledgeable and helpful .
1	i would definitely recommend this to other friends and family .
1	i have been a client of quan 's for over 10 years .
1	he is a wonderful massage therapist .
1	he has helped me with shoulder and knee pain .
1	he is a wonderful person who charges a fair amount for his services .
1	the office staff are very friendly and helpful .
1	i enjoy having my teeth cleaned , i know kinda crazy .
1	laurie does a great job and i will see her again in 6 month .
1	dr fedoriw was so personable and thorough .
1	went to this location for the first time .
1	i had nicole , who was wonderful .
1	she really listened to my requests for pressure and where my problem areas were .
1	tipped her extra for being so good !
1	she gave me several samples and really listened to my preferences .
1	brenda is simply incredible .
1	i highly recommend her ! !
1	went in today for the first time .
1	the ladies at the front were exceptionally polite and personable .
1	i was immediately taken back .
1	everyone was so sweet to me .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	i 'm so excited to post my before and after pictures .
1	you 've gotten a life time patient !
1	i 'm a goodlife member , and have been for years and years .
1	ya do n't mess with a girls ' schedule & routine !
1	it 's only a bonus the trainers actually work out themselves !
1	i 'm not a cardio bunny .
1	i want a challenge , i want someone to show me something new .
1	they 're the real deal .
1	i am in love with this place .
1	i have to admit .
1	the staff here is pretty freakin ' amazing .
1	there is a lot to be said about chenin orthodontics .
1	i was a patient of dr. stephen chenin back in my early 20 's .
1	i still had their phone number memorized !
1	they had moved to a new location and it is a wonderful facility .
1	the staff is always pleasant and accommodating .
1	i signed up for text message appointment reminders .
1	they have contests and programs to keep the patients involved .
1	you will not be disappointed .
1	update : i went back for more and i feel great !
1	: ) thanks you guys ! ! ! !
1	i appreciate the relief ! !
1	i just got finished with my therapy after 4 months .
1	i have to say that i will miss tara and staff greatly .
1	they helped me through so much .
1	when i first came in they treated me kindly and professionally .
1	i truly appreciate all the help and care they gave me .
1	i will continue to keep exercising at home with what i learned .
1	tara & her crew were amazing .
1	i miss you guys and thank you for taking such great care of me !
1	dr. patel is very personable and the staff very friendly and caring .
1	what a great place to take your family !
1	super nice and professional staff .
1	i 've been going to mt .
1	they are very professional and give great service ! ! !
1	abbie is easy to work with and such a professional .
1	i 'll highly recommend her for anyone seeking a massage therapist
1	members at chenin orthodontics are beyond friendly , professional , caring , and helpful .
1	you guys are the best !
1	i have n't had a workout yet that i walked away feeling unchallenged .
1	what i do like is that the workouts vary from class to class .
1	i hate cursing and the disparaging comments that often come along with it .
1	being vulgar does n't make me feel more like a fighter .
1	my only con is this .
1	i would like them to offer another option for their classes .
1	it seems it 's just one deal with $ 99 for unlimited classes .
1	dr. gawley is the best .
1	he completed my reconstruction post double mastectomy .
1	i could not be happier with my final results .
1	dr. gawley was consistently available for questions both before and after the surgery .
1	he turned something very scary into an uplifting ( no pun intended ) experience .
1	his staff is friendly , yet professional .
1	the staff is also knowledgeable and discreet which is greatly appreciated .
1	what is n't awesome about this store ? ! ? ! ? !
1	hands down the best organic grocery/household/beauty product location in downtown toronto .
1	there also my favourite part of the store ... the beauty section .
1	with a huge variety of different eco-friendly brands .
1	vitamins , toothpaste , creams , lotions , perfumes , of all varieties .
1	i love running out of things because i get to make another trip there !
1	this place is great !
1	everyone is very friendly and helpful .
1	jason is an excellent massage therapist who listens to your needs .
1	they also have an infared sauna which has been wonderful for me post surgery .
1	this is a hidden gem with reasonable fees .
1	they also have chiropractic and acupunture services as well .
1	i feel comfortable and relaxed every time i walk in for my appointment .
1	they have so much advice and are knowledgeable about so many things .
1	i look forward to all monthly appointments !
1	jim wissing is amazing .
1	he has really helped my son so much after his motorcycle accident .
1	hes had so much less pain and stiffness without any drugs !
1	thank you jim and athletes for life !
1	what a blessing you are !
1	the treatment plan he has her on is working !
1	she really likes him a lot and says the office staff is friendly .
1	physiotherapy and associates on broadway has helped me through four surgeries .
1	i 've been here twice with years between .
1	both times there was great service by all staff .
1	i was seen promptly and the doctors were great .
1	this is a walk in clinic located inside the boxgrove medical arts center .
1	the receptionists , nurses and doctors are friendly .
1	so far i 'm down 55lbs and i 've never felt better .
1	i got microdermabrasion and a chemical peel and it made my skin look beautiful .
1	her prices are fair ... i will definitely be back !
1	went into the shop today and got broken glasses replaced .
1	janice and elizabeth were extremely helpful with picking out new frames ! ! ! !
1	i highly recommend dlk dental .
1	the dental office is modern and clean .
1	they do direct billing .
1	we had a warm welcome , big smiles all around .
1	i felt she really took time to provide excellent care .
1	probably the least painful from all my dental experiences .
1	the new patient special offer was a good offer .
1	i appreciate the follow-up care instructions .
1	dlk is going to be our family dentist from now on !
1	`` [ tom ] willim is the best provider i have ever had !
1	words ca n't even explain .
1	i love my provider .
1	he also led me through my first weightlifting competition which was a blast .
1	the staff and service at hessel park has been great .
1	dr. faught is personable , direct and honest .
1	dr. harouni has been an excellent doctor .
1	she 's one of the greatest doctor in las vegas .
1	she is very thorough every time i go to her office .
1	platinum medical clinic has been amazing .
1	i feel i 'm in good hands .
1	the staff is also very nice !
1	my eyelashes are amazing !
1	they look completely natural and my eyes look huge .
1	i really enjoyed my visit with sarah .
1	she explained the entire process and gave clear instructions for after care .
1	so happy with my visit .
1	i purchased a groupon in august to get my eyelashes done .
1	there were no appointments available until the end of september .
1	we reschedule for sunday - even though they are n't open sunday .
1	i reluctantly went ahead and made an appointment with them .
1	she does n't spend time writing in a notebook as i 'm talking .
1	i truly am not exaggerating about how wonderful this therapist is .
1	after every session with her , i feel like a whole new me .
1	the spa was cozy & the massage therapists were very professional and courteous .
1	we are definitely going back in the near future .
1	wow , ca n't believe someone gave this store such a terrible review .
1	as for the prices .
1	if you feel they are too high , do n't shop there !
1	also a good place to get healthy snacks and fruit .
1	great service , everything and everyone was professional .
1	will definitely come back !
1	the lady that gave me the massage was amazing !
1	solid , small , shop .
1	definitely recommend and will come back every time i visit vegas~~~ nothing more but a++++++++++++++++++++++++++++
1	i can not say enough great things about dr. jack and his staff !
1	actually , she giggled through her entire visit .
1	this man has truly changed my life in so many ways ! ! !
1	i am a totally different person thanks to his amazing technique .
1	i would highly recommend this highly gifted to man to everyone ! !
1	friendly and fast service .
1	all turned out well and i appreciated their care .
1	my first time going to get a foot detox and spa .
1	i will definitely be back .
1	this was my 1st time going to the eye doctor .
1	i saw ka-yan sandi cheung , o.d .
1	and she was great .
1	she 's very friendly and got me the perfect prescription for me .
1	i would recommend this office to my family and friends .
1	the staff is so nice and caring .
1	they are very professional and friendly .
1	this will be my eye doctor forever !
1	keep up your great service , you guys are awesome ! !
1	my family has used this er four times in the past 2 years .
1	once you get past the waiting room this is a decent er .
1	the paid staff ( docs , nurses , med assistants , etc . )
1	overall though , it 's a decent er .
1	what a huge relief .
1	but , it made a big difference for my dad and my family .
1	you ca n't buy moments like that - thanks easy medical store .
1	i also liked hearing that she is more into non-surgical solutions than surgery .
1	i left with many good ideas to think about .
1	so far so good .
1	i have been coming to this dentist for years and have felt comfortable here .
1	these doctors and pas are amazing .
1	first , you 'll notice that there 's no reception window .
1	the receptionists sit in the waiting room with ipads to check you in .
1	there are lots of local offices for this practice .
1	i 've only been to the chandler office .
1	personally , i 've found the doctors to be better than the pas .
1	my last visit was actually with dr. partridge .
1	i would definitely recommend these doctors to any woman .
1	we can not thank dr. tom enough for saving our girls life .
1	dr. tom was so concerned about our girl .
1	when our girl was slowly recovering dr. tom was so happy too .
1	this experience made me a true believer in dr. tom and his staff/facility .
1	our dogs are our children .
1	we only want the very best for them .
1	dr. tom is now seeing our dogs for their chiropractic needs too .
1	our dogs have always had chiropractic adjustments since we rescued each one of them .
1	dr. tom is fabulous !
1	very professional and attentive .
1	i appreciate the time they take to listen .
1	i particularly appreciate james the massage therapist .
1	my experience with melissa was nothing short of safe , educational and reassuring .
1	of knowledge and experience will provide you with the answers you are looking for .
1	it 's a rare treat to meet such a nice , accomplished professional .
1	i did not get the milk tea .
1	i came for the curry fish/beef balls .
1	it worked out , so that was all fine and dandy .
1	the curry here is surprisingly aromatic .
1	i would not liken this to chinese curry .
1	it smells more like a malaysian or indian curry ?
1	it 's spicy , in a leaves-your-tongue-tingly-after-eating kinda way .
1	they 've got a nice texture while being soft .
1	that was kinda cool .
1	this place is wonderful !
1	the staff are helpful and friendly .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	this place was amazing !
1	tried it out with a groupon deal and it exceeded my expectations .
1	they maximize the amount of massage time .
1	finally , someone that understands what is wrong and what i need .
1	i 'll continue seeing dr. zedek for the years to come .
1	i highly recommend this doctor .
1	the office was clean the staff was caring and attentive .
1	they used the latest technology and tips to administer the procedure .
1	i went to work the next day .
1	i can already see the results in my chin and my face looks fresh !
1	i will d be back for other treatments thank you
1	he was recomended by my allergist .
1	great bedside maner , and really steady hands .
1	my husband noticed that when we went in for my 1st post oper visit .
1	after discovering this i was happy to be led to tottori on charleston .
1	i love dr. sherman !
1	he is so amazing .
1	he has been treating me for about a year now .
1	he is very caring and genuine .
1	it makes me feel more assured and less stressed when leaving compared to tempe .
1	i recommend this place for sure : )
1	ian and amy are excellent at rehabilitating the most knotted up muscles .
1	mornings are enjoyable again ! ! !
1	i highly recommend pittsburgh massageworks to everyone .
1	pros : i ca n't find a better massage place than spring spa .
1	how 's that even possible ? !
1	anyways , super intense massage and i felt amazing afterwards .
1	con : just one .
1	please lower your prices ! !
1	i always get excellent care from randolph chiropractic !
1	from doctors to front desk , everyone is amazing !
1	if your looking for a chiropractor in the charlotte area , check them out !
1	i so appreciate the high level of customer service .
1	everyone is so friendly and focused on the patient .
1	it is important to allow staff the time to provide thorough care .
1	it was a really nice experience .
1	good ambience and relaxing massage .
1	friendly staff and i recommend this spa for sure .
1	my wife and i did the couples massage .
1	she fell asleep and i feel great .
1	wish i could take them home to indiana .
1	this oral surgeon is nothing short of amazing !
1	tooth extraction in less than 2 minutes .
1	awesome bedside manner and very friendly staff .
1	i will continue to be a loyal patient .
1	dr scarff is an amazing doctor .
1	i 've been seeing him since i moved from california to nevada .
1	he is very down to earth and makes me feel comfortable .
1	he 's very easy to communicate with and addresses all your questions .
1	i will definitely be seeing him with my next child .
1	100/100 best obgyn hands down .
1	can not say enough about dr early and his team .
1	every time i know i 'm getting the best care and personal attention .
1	i would n't go anywhere else .
1	my only complaint is the selection/cost of frames .
1	knowledgeable they explain everything step by step .
1	love the facy that there pretty much on time for a doctors office .
1	had a very good experience at this walk in clinic .
1	i only waited about 15 minutes before i saw the doctor .
1	dr. feld was very nice and professional .
1	i was pretty hesitant to try this place out due to the bad reviews .
1	plus they were able to fit me in last minute .
1	when i walked in i was immediately greeted and taken care of .
1	the facility is really nice and very relaxing .
1	the lighting and decor is perfect to get you de stressed .
1	amanda my therapist was great .
1	she was very informative about the services and the aromatherapy .
1	she was able to do some great work on my pain points .
1	amanda was attentive to me and made sure she was n't too rough .
1	i would recommend her and massage heights .
1	the quality i got for a $ 50 hour was impressive .
1	i will be back !
1	dr. lee goes above and beyond for her patients .
1	she 's concerned about their overall well-being .
1	i would highly recommend her to anyone looking for pain-relief or preventive care .
1	this place is great !
1	i was in vegas for a very typical reason ( bachelorette party..wooohooo ! )
1	and i ended up chipping my front tooth on the very first night there !
1	and i wanted to leave looking normal .
1	dr. tounian was very patient and very kind .
1	not only that , but the filling matches perfectly and feels great .
1	thank you dr. tounian !
1	ljiljana aleksic , o.d .
1	my go-to eye doctor !
1	thorough , on time , and patient .
1	friendly manner and professional staff .
1	they just opened a new location and it 's impressive .
1	all of the equipment is high quality and kept in great condition .
1	well worth the money .
1	ever want to play tag at 3:00 am ?
1	ever feel like a subway sandwich at 4:00 am after playing tag at walmart ?
1	then come to walmart ! ! !
1	i love walmart , i hate anyone who hates walmart !
1	anyone who hates walmart obviously hates america and is a communist ! ! !
1	... ..ok ... ..it 's not that intense , but i love walmart .
1	in oh , there 's not much to do at all .
1	need some swimming shorts at 5:00 am ?
1	aching for legos at 9:00 pm ?
1	feening for some tylenol pm to knock your annoying kid the ef out ?
1	then come on down to walmart !
1	they got you , bruh !
1	andrew gentile has the most soothing presence .
1	he is a true healer .
1	my son has been coming to the center for a year and a half .
1	this is after 3 years in speech therapy in schools .
1	the progress he has made with lynzie his therapist has been incredible .
1	when i have had an issue with anything jill has been quick to respond .
1	thank you lynzie and staff !
1	hands down.. one of the best spas i have ever been too .
1	the spa itself is absolutely beautiful and luxurious .
1	she helped me reconnect with myself and truly relax .
1	then the amenities of the spa are another great addition to the experience .
1	awesome , friendly staff ! ! !
1	i highly recommend them if you need any work done on your teeth .
1	updated review - following miradry treatment .
1	she performed my miradry treatment and talked me through every step .
1	she played relaxing music and did everything she could to make my experience excellent .
1	this dispensary is great ! !
1	online ordering is a snap ; and the line is never too long .
1	the flower they sell is locally grown in holbrook .
1	great quality , people , + prices !
1	who could ask for anything more ?
1	i would definitely recommend this place to everyone i know .
1	i 've used only the lab here and its always quick and polite .
1	my son i disabled and is a extremely hard stick .
1	once she found a usuable vein he hardly even flinched when she stuck him .
1	good place with good doctors .
1	best to have your doctor fill in a bunch of future dates for you .
1	friendly folk and great location overall .
1	dr. judy does a full blood work up .
1	her office staff are very friendly and kind as well .
1	she is my forever doctor .
1	i love everyone at vitality natural health care !
1	i would 110 % recommend this place .
1	i have been coming here for years .
1	i 've been here regularly for everything .
1	chiropractic , physiotherapy & massages .
1	everything has been great .
1	so many ways to save money and she does an outstanding job !
1	definitely recommend her and ilash lab !
1	my friend and i used uber to come to visit this spa last month .
1	i will return again next time i am there .
1	i 've had a phobia with dentists since i was a child .
1	i was referred to dr. sharma from a colleague .
1	the staff showed me a demonstration how the crowns are made .
1	overall i had a good experience and will be returning for cleanings .
1	this is my 'go to ' pharmacy .
1	it 's so easy to get in/out , i love it .
1	i come here to buy greeting cards during special occasions and holidays .
1	for couponers , they give you immediate rewards with coupons as you checkout .
1	unfortunately , i rarely use them because i only buy what i need .
1	great place to shop though .
1	i find it hilarious .
1	return factor - 100 %
1	all in all though .
1	the office seems also to run very efficiently .
1	dr wellish is truly terrific .
1	some , my insurance would have paid 100 % , others only 50 % .
1	he has been my ent doctor for more than 5 or 6 years .
1	he helped to give me a part of my life back .
1	i am a mystery patient to say the least .
1	i have a rare debilitating disease with a mind of its own .
1	so to dr. kwaitkowski i say thank you so much !
1	awesome healing center , awesome healing professionals .
1	: my new home .
1	i am so grateful to have been led here .
1	this clinic is incredible with an incredibly diverse and talented group of physicians .
1	we have been here a couple of times for resent bouts of breast cancer .
1	the staff here has treated my wife very well .
1	i love this place ! !
1	i left the place feeling a new me ! !
1	my friend told me about pop and i am so glad she did ! !
1	erika is so talented and the quality of products used is awesome ! !
1	i had my gel mani using a japanese gel brand .
1	they also carry a line of korean gel polishes .
1	my pop nails are going strong ... amazeballs ! ! !
1	coffee and wine ( & beer too ! )
1	served from the same counter ?
1	why does square one not have this alcoholic beverage option ?
1	i think it would do fairly well there !
1	i feel a 'suggestion ' email coming on ...
1	i always see tiffany and she is truly the best .
1	i would highly recommend her and the location in general to anyone !
1	i have received three massages from teka in the last couple of months .
1	she is absolutely amazing .
1	i have another massage scheduled for next week .
1	that is definitely my favorite part about my experiences with teka .
1	i ca n't recommend her enough !
1	great value , super relaxing & wonderful technique !
1	this place was ideal , comfortable and just what i needed .
1	my whole body feels blissful .
1	do n't look any further , this is the place .
1	i asked about the 3d imaging technology and she patiently explained how it works .
1	next up , bone density with erica !
1	again , patient , pleasant , and happy service .
1	the entire visit was way above normal expectations !
1	i was not only pleased but pleasantly surprised by my overall visit with wendy .
1	location and environment is absolutely beautiful .
1	wendy was very professional and kind .
1	i had s full set lash extensions done and could n't be more pleased .
1	i am looking forward to my next visit .
1	yesterday , i saw megan for micro-needling .
1	megan did a great job !
1	i would certainly recommend megan if you 're searching for an aesthetician .
1	she was training two other women on thermalo , great teacher too !
1	totally recommend senza pelo med spa !
1	now i see where everyone gets it from , their leader maria !
1	i can not say enough about pearson .
1	i always receive the best care and service .
1	my favs are kat , jacob and dr black .
1	the prices are amazing .
1	and the staff is usually very friendly .
1	and never ever buy apples !
1	like they 've been lying in some humid cellar for months .
1	they really need to pay more attention to hygiene .
1	i found dr. waltz through my girlfriend and could n't be happier about it .
1	best adjustment i have ever had and i highly recommend his services .
1	this was a great experience .
1	glad to say , it was worth it !
1	i used a a groupon and they did the feet first then the massage .
1	this company is great to work with .
1	i had no idea and my vet had not mentioned it .
1	i love new image .
1	my husband and i both go there .
1	it 's completely gone .
1	i get laser hair removal , facials , exc .
1	when u look good u feel good .
1	dr. mall is amazing .
1	he is really friendly and makes me feel so comfortable .
1	cindy hernandez is the best .
1	her smile alone is so warming .
1	love it at shadow mountain massage envy ! !
1	great massage therapists and front desk people !
1	i only get my massages here .
1	my mother had good care plus the hospital itself is a very nice facility .
1	everyone was very kind and polite .
1	it 's no secret that i am vain .
1	in fact , vanity is my favorite sin .
1	i came into floss to get my teeth cleaned .
1	these really are the two best in las vegas .
1	the office is solid , and brand spanking new .
1	growing up , i 've been to many dentists .
1	if your teeth are rank , make it happen .
1	maryanne gives an amazing massage !
1	he really gave me the answers i needed to make the right decision .
1	you rock doctor cummings ! !
1	the joint chiro in paradise valley is my regular spot .
1	dr. couser and his staff are definitely 5 stars !
1	i ca n't praise him enough !
1	great team ! ! !
1	the dr. and the ladies are all so awesome .
1	we have definitely found our new dentist for the kids ! ! !
1	the camp is awesome !
1	today i finished my first challenge , and it was a success !
1	i 'm overwhelmed with happiness !
1	i appreciate all the support and empowering words !
1	this is just the beginning !
1	good eye doctor and clinic .
1	very clean and nice .
1	fastest appt i 've had in a long time .
1	i 'm so happy with the service and the eye doctor is super nice .
1	this is a keeper and will definitely recommend it to my family and friends !
1	my family has been going to pv eyecare for many years .
1	appointments are flexible and prices are competetive .
1	this is a no pressure place- unlike other places .
1	he also improved my vision from 20/600 to 20/350 in one eye .
1	dr. yau 's heart and soul is in his work .
1	it is surprising how he can help so many seemingly intractable cases .
1	dr. connell and his staff are so friendly and helpful .
1	i could n't imagine going to another dentist .
1	i went to see dr angelchick in april for breast augmentation and lift .
1	for my first consultation i was at the office for almost 3 hours .
1	i had a million questions and concerns .
1	my surgery went smoothly and i was in very little pain .
1	i was also very happy with the staff and facility at the surgery center .
1	everybody in his office is great as well !
1	i never write reviews unless i have an amazing experience .
1	i would highly recommend going to this place .
1	thank you again dr. nguyen !
1	friendly staff , and great office .
1	very up to date equipment , and a comfortable setting .
1	the only dentist office that i will go to in charlotte .
1	dr. angelchik 's office staff is top notch .
1	from the first call , i felt extremely informed and welcomed .
1	he is straightforward and serious about what he does .
1	that intensity certainly comes through in his work .
1	( yes , i love my new ladies ! )
1	i highly recommend dr. angelchik and his staff .
1	they have a piano !
1	the staff is friendly and everyone seems to be smiling .
1	the office is always clean and professional , making it a nice experience overall .
1	great experience and very relaxing for the whole family !
1	thank you , kristin , we highly recommend you and your super massage services !
1	i have been going here for 3 years now .
1	but what i like most is their way in delivering that knowledge .
1	they actually listen to you as the patient which seems rare these days .
1	high recommend this office .
1	dr logan is extremely knowledgeable .
1	my whole family goes to him for lifestyle maintenance .
1	i do not take medication for the headaches .
1	i ca n't thank him enough .
1	my daughter montana enjoys her dental visits .
1	she says dr trobough is always very gentle and patient with her .
1	chris is the best massage therapist on the planet .
1	he gives deep tissue style massages .
1	you need to know this .
1	he only works in the weekends .
1	this weekend availability is the only draw back .
1	i always feel so much better after a trip to see him .
1	i 've been to plenty of massage therapists .
1	chris is by fa the best in arizona that i have come across .
1	dr. thosani is a thorough professional .
1	it is unlikely i would use him again .
1	go and see sarah ! ! ! !
1	she is quick and got me out within 45 mins ! ! ! !
1	sarah is very flexible with her time .
1	i promise you , you wo n't regret it ! !
1	sarah is so down to earth and real cool to talk .
1	i 'm still so shock about how quick she got my lashes done !
1	this place is going to be my go to eyelash place ! ! !
1	i 'm glad i had my first visit with sarah the owner !
1	monica has been my counselor for 3 months and has really helped me .
1	i feel more confident and at ease .
1	she listens when she needs to and gives me feedback when it 's appropriate .
1	i feel excited at the possibilities .
1	the entire experience with nevada eye care was excellent .
1	i 'm now at 20/15 vision and enjoying it each and every day .
1	no more contacts ! ! ! !
1	i highly recommend nevada eye care and qualsight for lasik .
1	i always get such high anxiety whenever i have to go to the dentist .
1	dr. bui and all the girls always make me feel relaxed and at ease .
1	today i went to ashley and she was awesome ! !
1	probably the best massage i 've ever had !
1	the staff is always very friendly and nice !
1	ca n't wait till my next appt !
1	heard about this from a co worker joined by membership and you should too .
1	they have gift cards for those people you want to share this amazing experience .
1	floated today and took my husband for his first time .
1	he loved and you will too
1	best nail salon ! ! !
1	love this new location ! ! !
1	i have been a patient of dr. pollock for years maybe now .
1	he 's very friendly and helps put you at ease .
1	i highly recommend him to others .
1	good prices for groceries .
1	c tait vraiment bon .
1	il n y en avait ni trop ni pas assez .
1	juste suffisamment pour avoir de la place pour le bon gteau au patate douce .
1	la carte affiche des prix vraiment abordables .
1	j espre que ce petit restaurant va russir  se faire une bonne clientle .
1	en tout cas ils m ont gagn et j y retournerai .
1	they did n't even grief me for being late !
1	i 'm so sad i 'm only passing through !
1	very knowledgeable and took the time to explain everything .
1	was extremely pleased with the results .
1	i now have my new favorite place to get my facial treatments !
1	my entire experience with the keith kleven institute has been nothing but positive .
1	dr zedek has been a big help to me .
1	so happy i found dr. spieldoch .
1	she is so caring and really cares about her patients .
1	she is extremely professional , as is her team .
1	i highly recommend her .
1	i work in the scottsdale quarter as a hairstylist at drybar .
1	how cool is that ?
1	such a simple idea .
1	but here it is .
1	dr. liu could possibly be the best dentist in las vegas .
1	five stars to the staff as well .
1	i 've been seeing her for almost 2 years because of a groupon !
1	the head dr is so kind and always remembers me .
1	he does great botox as well !
1	( he teaches it so he knows his stuff ! )
1	every single staff member is always smiling and so sweet !
1	i ca n't say enough great things about this place !
1	i ca n't say enough good things about the pain stop north scottsdale location .
1	dr. mitch healey is a wealth of information and is extremely gentle .
1	the pa and remaining staff are all amazing as well .
1	if you 're in pain , i 'd highly recommend making a trip in !
1	he cares about his patients and is very thorough .
1	i can not praise dr. russell enough and all the staff !
1	thanks for a wonderful visit !
1	cant say enough nice things .
1	will def be back .
1	thank you elizabeth for your care and conversation .
1	yikes , i know , bad parent waiting so long , right ?
1	anyhow , this visit exceeded our expectations .
1	we 're still talking about that bonus !
1	dr. abrams was very friendly and great as well .
1	i selected flores family dental after a recommendation from a friend .
1	i went in and was able to make an appointment fairly quickly .
1	and no , i did not disclose this information with them .
1	all in all i had a great experience .
1	everyone works very well together .
1	i 'm making my husband switch to them ... lol
1	this place is awesome ! ! ! !
1	i would n't choose any other place for a serious sports massage .
1	dr. lee is amazing !
1	she knows so much about the back and body .
1	he came in and agreed with me .
1	that is some amazing bodywork ! ! ! !
1	i loved the combination of aquatic stretch and watsu , a perfect mix .
1	rotem is exceptional at what he does .
1	he is highly skilled , kind and caring and makes sure you are comfortable .
1	a real gift to yourself and a wonderful healing modality .
1	after reading the great reviews i was so happy to have found this dentist !
1	had my first visit today and everyone was so nice and comforting !
1	i would recommend anyone needing dental work to check this place out !
1	i was flying into town from texas and my veneer cap popped off .
1	i called this place and they made an appointment for me the next day !
1	i 'm so thankful they could fit me in .
1	the staff was so friendly and the dentist was awesome .
1	he fixed my tooth in less than hour and it looks perfect ! !
1	not too expensive either .
1	i 'm so so glad i found this place on yelp !
1	i lovvvveeeee this place .
1	the staff is extremely nice and helpful .
1	very reasonable prices and they even have deals/sales .
1	soooo many options on bud , edibles , concentrate .
1	they have everything you need .
1	taxes are included in price so their are no surprises .
1	one of the best back massages i 've ever had .
1	she worked out all my knots .
1	all my vegas trips now will end with a massage here !
1	i seriously love this place !
1	everyone in the office is super friendly , and knowledgeable .
1	dr.hankins performed my breast augmentation , and i could not be any happier .
1	i feel 100x more confident now .
1	everyone is so kind and accommodating !
1	super quick service no matter the issue !
1	this place is clean , quiet and really relaxing .
1	unlike other foot spas i 've gone to .
1	i would come back every week if i could .
1	dr. rob divito is the best in scottsdale !
1	i recently moved back to scottsdale and was looking for a new esthetician .
1	i did a little research online and came across celebrity skin .
1	i could not be happier with the service !
1	definitely worth going on a saturday .
1	dr dewan is he best .
1	i highly recommend him .
1	depending on the your insurance company they will process your bills as well .
1	she is thorough , efficient and effective .
1	she is an excellent listener and very personable and caring .
1	she makes excellent referrals when specialists are needed .
1	the front office staff are professional and friendly .
1	the nurses are also thorough and really go that extra mile .
1	i had the best neck massage and mild traction .
1	my neck felt wonderful all day .
1	the spa is extremely clean and feels like going to the four seasons .
1	everything is nice and quiet peaceful tranquil .
1	i had a great massage .
1	her space is beautifully decorated , clean and professional .
1	the babyface line of products is excellent .
1	she also offers dermaplaning , which makes your skin soft and fuzz free .
1	i highly recommend leigh and have sent many friends to her .
1	first time in the meat department , butcher is very nice and helpful .
1	was happy to cut me a fresh filet to my size request .
1	very impressive heatherwood- keep up the good work !
1	location is not ideal .
1	took me a minute to locate .
1	parking is not good .
1	the wait time just to check out is long .
1	my total time there with appointment was exactly 2 hours .
1	the girl with glasses that took my vitals was gorgeous !
1	i could stare at her all day !
1	she was also very knowledgeable on everything i asked her .
1	she made me feel conformable and had a kind welcoming vibe .
1	i forgot her name but i could never forget her face .
1	the doctor was kind and i did n't feel rushed or overlooked here .
1	love dr. jaki and her staff .
1	she 's very thorough with her exams .
1	she also had nice frames too !
1	i would highly suggest going to her .
1	i would recommend this salon for sure .
1	she was prompt and professional as well as warm and considerate .
1	i also found her staff to be delightful and very accommodating .
1	so glad to be back in the care of this office .
1	i am delighted i found this place .
1	but it 's a total win-win .
1	the students gain real-world experience and you gain a better complexion .
1	if they err , it 's more on the side of being careful .
1	i have not had a bad experience .
1	overall , i recommend this facility without reservation .
1	give them a try !
1	hands down the most relaxing experience i could have asked for .
1	her gentle hands works wonders .
1	this is hands down the best practice we have ever been to .
1	the staff are friendly , knowledgeable and helpful .
1	nikki and deb are the best .
1	his office staff is always cordial and makes you feel at home .
1	they even serve fresh baked cookies !
1	dr. luzod uses the superior gentle , quick , and most effective nucca adjustments .
1	my first time here and i love it !
1	ben was amazing ! !
1	i had a ingrown nail and within seconds he removed it .
1	very cute place , clean , and everyone is very polite !
1	this is my new nail place
1	another highlight was that the staff was engaged with clientele !
1	drinks and snacks are complimentary which they offer to all guest .
1	my experience was a+ ! ! !
1	the best part is my nails look amazing ... i 'll definitely be back !
1	thanks guys for what you did for me .
1	i feel great and am able to resume my normal activities without any issues .
1	your the best ! ! !
1	donna snyder avondale , az
1	babymoon gave me an amazing experience right from the beginning .
1	the staff and esp .
1	not like he experienced with his first child in the hospital .
1	it was the exact opposite !
1	i 'm sooooo stoked on the out come & i ca n't stop smiling
1	this was the 1st chiropractor i have ever been to .
1	i was skeptical , but my wife has seen dr. nemanic many times .
1	i wish i would not have waited so long .
1	i walked out 15 minutes later completely pain free .
1	i swear it was like a miracle .
1	dr brown was great .
1	explained everything and even threw in a little podiatrist humor !
1	his staff was great too .
1	my foot is so much better .
1	will be going back .
1	i have been going to dr joe for a year now .
1	he is amazing super knowledgeable .
1	he has decreased my hip pain !
1	after a few car sccidents , my body was frequently in pain and discomfort .
1	i feel as though i 'm getting back into balance again ... thank you !
1	very comfortable that we have the right dr for our pet !
1	5 stars is not enough for how great we think dr menezes is .
1	he preformed a surgery on our 10 day old premie that saved his life .
1	we are forever grateful to dr menezes .
1	dr. raymond bunch keeps me coming back .
1	trust me i have met the gamut around this town .
1	i drive 40 miles one way to see this amazing man .
1	his nurse that takes messages/helps you is also freakin ' fantastic , lahsen .
1	this is by far my favorite dispensary .
1	the staff mostly consists of women .
1	( i am 21 female ) .
1	i recommend their gummy bears though i never have had a problem .
1	clean and nice atmosphere cons : one time editable problem .
1	dr. v and his staff are simply wonderful .
1	i 've been going for more than 5 years .
1	i have real dread before any dental procedure .
1	dr. v spends time to explain things to me before we do anything .
1	i feel their treatment has been incredibly respectful towards my fear of dentists
1	so grateful to have dr. hawkes clinic 4 doors down from my coffee shop .
1	he gets personal with you and finds out exactly what your problems are .
1	his medical staff are all awesome and friendly as well .
1	if you do n't have medical then this is perfect for you .
1	thank you dr. hawkes and his staff !
1	but my visit was great .
1	i had a root canal and their was no pain during or after .
1	how rare is that ?
1	: ) my primary dentist assigned dr. walker to give me a root canal .
1	first : whisper once you enter those doors .
1	i came here today after having booked an appointment for my s/o .
1	this is extremely affordable compared to other places that charge $ 100+ per session .
1	they also operate in a 'community ' or 'studio ' setting .
1	this place is surprisingly very clean !
1	when you enter , you take off your shoes .
1	they have cloths covering all the chairs ( lazy boys !
1	this is the former emergency room .
1	i was able to visit the doctor i usually see in twinsburg here .
1	the staff was courteous and efficient .
1	the lab was as well .
1	if i could give them more stars , i would .
1	i love dr. ed and dr. nicole .
1	they are the best !
1	caring , generous , supportive , inspirational ... .. they are truly wonderful people .
1	i can not say enough good things about them .
1	not only are they good people but they are great chiropractors .
1	i always leave feeling better physically and emotionally .
1	lexy , the ultrasound tech , was so informative and pleasant .
1	she explained the exam completely and answered all my questions .
1	she had a very peaceful bedside manner .
1	i love harvest ! ! !
1	staff and product are great .
1	chris definitely cares about the customers .
1	all the budtenders are awesome .
1	i 'm shocked at all the bad reviews .
1	i love dr. monroe 's staff !
1	i will recommend her to everyone and anyone !
1	we were in vegas for business and had little time to waste .
1	most located in walgreens or cvs or some other off the norm facility .
1	had a hard time making an appointment ... just a cluster .
1	instead , we called dr. logan .
1	my wife was feeling better within hours .
1	maria is the best at removing sebaceous hyperplasia .
1	these annoying things i have been fighting with for the past 2 years .
1	the staff is warm and friendly .
1	it 's a nice calm office .
1	dr jolene kurt is awesome !
1	definitely go see her .
1	she 's the best !
1	i had a pedicure , eyebrow wax and an aromatherapy massage .
1	the water was n't even halfway full so it barely covered my feet .
1	the massage was great .
1	the only thing that could have been better was the temperature of the room .
1	while the table was heated , it was cold whenever she lifted the blanket .
1	been wanting to get my teeth whitened for a while now .
1	tried strips in the past but it did n't work all that well .
1	i was very happily surprised .
1	the place was clean and they were very professional .
1	the process was simple and easy .
1	only hard part was laying down with you mouth open .
1	it was very busy when we arrived .
1	the service was prompt and they knew theirs menus .
1	the portions were huge .
1	i had the buffalo wrap with a tuscan white bean soup .
1	my friend had a falafel taco with fries .
1	it was surprisingly filling that i had to take 1/2 of my wrap home .
1	the soup kinda reminds me of lentil soup .
1	the best part is you feel full but not heavy nor bloated .
1	definitely worth going back over and over again
1	had my hair dyed by april recently and she did an amazing job !
1	definitely my go-to spot for hair and spa services .
1	the procedure itself was totally painfree .
1	i am not exaggerating .
1	i was not even aware when the molar was removed .
1	it all boiled down to not stretching properly .
1	i was first seen by a d.o .
1	( doctor of osteopathic medicine ) who is a medical doctor ( m.d . )
1	which made me much more comfortable and confident .
1	i was examined by the d.o .
1	if you 're not familiar , a radiologist is also an m.d .
1	( medical doctor ) who specializes in reading and interpreting x-rays .
1	examined me and x-rays were completed , i was seen by dr. madejek .
1	dr. madejek is a chiropractor ( doctor of chiropractic ) .
1	dr. madejek was found to be very warm and welcoming .
1	she took the time to explain everything about my injury and her treatment plan .
1	this place is so pretty and serene .
1	my 60 minute hot stone massage was perfect .
1	i will go back !
1	will highly recommend and use again
1	this is my second time seeing dr scott .
1	today while seeing dr scott he was extraordinary .
1	he actually takes his time and shows real concerns about you .
1	i do n't want to forget to show appreciation to his staff .
1	miss vicki who works the front desk is so helpful and friendly .
1	oscar , dr scott 's cna is super friendly and down to earth .
1	i 'm so blessed that i found dr scott .
1	staff is uber-helpful and always cheery no matter what time of the day .
1	overall great experience ; i highly recommend this gym .
1	i came in for a cleaning and got their name through my insurance .
1	everyone from the moment i walked in was very warm and welcoming !
1	service is always great best laser hair removal my results have been excellent .
1	nancy is the best and she always accommodates me for last minute appointments .
1	i have recommended family here and they love it too .
1	the customer service is excellent all the staff is genuinely helpful and friendly .
1	highly recommend this place ! !
1	it is great you will love it
1	from the front desk , to the nurses , and the doctor .
1	please forward my thanks on to each and every one of the staff there .
1	had the pleasure of meeting sam .
1	he went above and beyond to make sure i was happy .
1	i really appreciate him and his employee that gave me my chair massage .
1	i came in on two separate occasions , the first time with my wife .
1	we were not treated oddly for being lesbians .
1	this is an lgbt friendly establishment .
1	( i noticed the review on here that states otherwise .
1	everyone is friendly and the office itself is clean and comfortable !
1	most fun and relaxing surgery i have ever experienced !
1	the receptionist was great too , very friendly and patient !
1	cupping therapy was much more intense than i expected !
1	my upper back/shoulders experienced the biggest difference .
1	see the pic i posted my personal results and check him out .
1	everyone here is super friendly .
1	from the person who greets you to the doctors to everyone in between .
1	this was my second visit and is definitely my eye place in madison : )
1	he has so much patience and listens to my concerns .
1	as a new mom i have a lot ! ! !
1	very knowledgable and my baby adores him ! ! !
1	i highly recommend dr. richardson to any parent , esp new moms ! !
1	as a new mother i fully trust him and his judgement : ) !
1	thank you for being so patient and the absolute best ! ! ! !
1	if i can rate him a billion stars i would : ) !
1	this place is awesome .
1	small town feel in the city .
1	super friendly staff and very prompt .
1	i went there for the first time last year .
1	i was extremely sick with allergies .
1	just thinking about going to a dentist made me nauseous .
1	well , reluctantly i went and wow am i glad i did !
1	everything that they use is state of the art high tech gear .
1	if you 're looking for an amazing dentist look no further !
1	dr. micheal and kelly run a clean , professional and efficient practice .
1	i 've been going there for many years for routine cleanings and fillings .
1	he was very quick and thorough , and i healed very well .
1	thanks for taking such good care of me all these years !
1	dr. daccache and his staff did a fantastic job of making me feel comfortable .
1	they exceeded my expectations .
1	i have no hesitation in recommending dr. daccache .
1	dr. dung bui is one of the best dentists !
1	he is patient and caring , but thorough with the procedures performed .
1	his staff are all very friendly , caring and professional .
1	patients truly appear to smile when they leave the office .
1	highly recommend for families .
1	i was recently referred to dr cravatta for a surgical procedure .
1	dr cravatta , and his entire staff demonstrated professionalism along with friendly service .
1	i would highly recommend his practice for someone in need of any periodontal assistance .
1	i love this office .
1	dr. friday is wonderful .
1	he is so kind and calm and knowledgeable .
1	it is so easy to talk to him .
1	carol is wonderful working with the kids .
1	i would highly recommend !
1	i love hillcrest dental !
1	the hygienist was very gentle and took very long cleaning my teeth .
1	i was surprised i did n't need a deep cleaning after so many years !
1	does n't sound like a place that up sells to me .
1	you walk in here and feel like you are going to visit your family .
1	no more snooty front desk girls or dentist that are rushing you out !
1	the trainers are knowledgeable and dedicated .
1	steven is great about mixing it up so i never get bored .
1	today i went in for the first time , the clinic was very clean .
1	the staff was very professional .
1	he answered all my questions .
1	i 'm very happy , totally recommend ...
1	dr nick is amazing !
1	his staff are friendly and attentive .
1	and he gets results !
1	from the moment you walk in they make you feel very welcome .
1	they walk you through the whole process .
1	could n't have been easier .
1	very professional and friendly staff at karma .
1	thank you so much again .
1	no sitting in the waiting room for an eternity ?
1	no issues with claims that go on and on ?
1	i am always taken at my appointment time , if not earlier .
1	he is very friendly and i always feel comfortable with his examination .
1	i love dr. bateman and his staff and i highly recommend !
1	my biggest fear was to be rushed out , with little explanation or compassion .
1	and that 's the exact opposite of what i experienced today .
1	the staff here was so sweet and caring .
1	taking their time to listen and make sure every question was answered .
1	i will recommend him to every one i know , that 's for sure .
1	thank you so much for the amazing things you guys are doing !
1	great staff and nice office .
1	that 's a lot of savings & i 'm extremely grateful !
1	i highly recommend them !
1	after my first visit to tg my teeth were beautiful !
1	i was blown away and very happy !
1	tamar is a great professional !
1	i send everyone i know to her and they love her !
1	worst of all , they did n't even get her teeth white .
1	people stop me to tell me how great my teeth look .
1	tamar is very careful and very knowledgeable- there is a huge difference .
1	state of the art facility with knowledge staff .
1	trevor and brian tailored a strength and conditioning program specifically for our rugby club .
1	thanks for kicking my butt and pushing limits today .
1	see you again soon .
1	we have always had great service .
1	we have seen a number of doctors .
1	they return calls promptly and are very helpful .
1	fantastic , professional service in every possible way !
1	so thrilled to have found this jewel , will definitely be back !
1	helpful to have eye doc on staff .
1	he seems to work quickly .
1	my son broke his glasses deliberately .
1	they fixed them with the warranty .
1	so that was good .
1	$ 5 tuesdays ! !
1	$ 5 smoothies ! !
1	any flavor ! ! !
1	any size ! ! !
1	nuff said ! ! !
1	that being said , you must give bodi caf a try .
1	bodi cafe is located inside city athletic off sahara .
1	in my opinion , bodi caf has the best protein smoothies in town .
1	my go to drink is their 32 oz .
1	you 're salivating just thinking about all them egg whites .
1	do n't be ashamed .
1	i 'm salivating too .
1	the italian phoenix is worth it .
1	tip : they sell versa gripps here .
1	2016 yelp review # 38
1	this doctor is a truly remarkable human being .
1	it was a miracle that we asked for a second opinion .
1	his experience and charity work are surely a blessing to encounter under any circumstances .
1	i wish you nothing but the best .
1	1st visit : i was greeted by kyli and jill both were very nice .
1	i watched an information video .
1	she was so kind and courteous !
1	i was so happy and relieved !
1	customer service is of utmost importance to this office and to me .
1	they are truly top notch !
1	i adore coming here , especially for their fabulously priced plant proteins !
1	i needed my annual eye exam and decided to try focused on eyes .
1	i 'm happy i did !
1	it was a pleasant experience .
1	thanks to dr. lucas and her team !
1	pospisil dentistry is the best !
1	thanks pospisil team for always making my visits the best they can be ! !
1	awesome front office staff , great doctors and incredible treatment .
1	i could n't ask for more !
1	i am rarely trendy but straight hair lacking frizz tempted me like the devil !
1	after researching the price throughout the area , i made an appointment .
1	rina was so pleasant and so far i am very pleased with the service .
1	i will definitely return when i need a hair affair .
1	so i started with doing b-12 mic shots .
1	you would buy 4 shots & do them every week .
1	i did n't feel sluggish at all .
1	hcg changed my life !
1	there is a strict diet you need to go on for 24 days .
1	mostly eating veggies/fruits , protein .
1	no oils & sweets .
1	cindy helped me throughout the whole hcg diet .
1	honestly it was n't as bad when i did it .
1	i think it was because i was determined & motivated to lose weight .
1	i lost 25 lbs alone from the hcg diet !
1	i 'm telling you hcg is worth it !
1	hcg really did change my life
1	i recommend choosing spooner !
1	btw front desk ladies are helpful with scheduling and explaining benefits .
1	all in all a great place to get the rehab you need .
1	i 'm back on my feet ( literally ! )
1	he is amazing and i 'm very sad he is retiring .
1	he spends time with to answer any questions .
1	very knowledgeable and love that he tells you the truth .
1	we will miss you !
1	i 've been going to don nobis for a little over two months .
1	he is one of the sweetest doctors i 've seen .
1	but surely it has .
1	i had went to another therapist matt smith .
1	they ignored me and gave me stuff i could do at home .
1	here at don 's practice they take care of you .
1	everyone at anew is so welcoming and friendly .
1	i appreciate how much time they take to explain options and treatments .
1	i have n't had a single bad experience !
1	great massage and great customer service .
1	i have been going to bonital dental for 2 years .
1	dr batoon and her staff are great !
1	thanks bonita dental for doing such a great job !
1	dr lawyer and his staff are wonderful to work with .
1	i felt like i was in good hands .
1	dr rhel is excellent .
1	i am a rn and very particular about my physicians .
1	he is an excellent surgeon and i had a complicated sinus condition .
1	i felt in good hands and he was very thorough .
1	he is kind , gentle and answers all your questions completely .
1	my hygienist was very friendly and did a great job cleaning my teeth .
1	overall , i like the atmosphere and the people in dr. standley 's office .
1	i already scheduled my next visit for this fall !
1	davonna worked with my party planner and i very closely .
1	i know davonna will take very good care of them as well .
1	best wishes ~ laura in queen creek , az
1	from the moment i walked into this office everything and everyone was beyond nice .
1	i got the best teeth cleaning dentist , her name was kelly .
1	so , i 'm definitely coming back to this place ! !
1	i was a bit early and they were ready for me .
1	i filled out the paperwork , they took me right in .
1	the appt was quick , the exam was thorough and efficient .
1	dr. was not rushed .
1	hey gave me paperwork and recommendations for the recommended tests .
1	i 'll keep my annual exams going here .
1	however , this time ?
1	i have long since left processed food behind and the consultant was horrible .
1	just mentioning all this as my cred .
1	i am a happy camper !
1	the staff is always friendly , upbeat , warm and welcoming .
1	i always receive vip treatment - so , there 's never any self-consciousness .
1	like any business , it 's run by humans .
1	so , just ask !
1	yes , i am a fan !
1	i 've learned to see this as a benefit .
1	the pa 's are terrific !
1	the place has a wonderful spa feeling to it !
1	really , it 's very affordable !
1	less than jenny craig for sure !
1	maybe half the cost ?
1	and a better eating plan than ww .
1	upon arriving i was greeted by a nice security guard named alex .
1	the place was nice and clean .
1	and the music was awesome ! ! ! !
1	great selection and excellent service ! ! ! !
1	will definitely return : ) raphael
1	it was exactly what i wanted and more .
1	the after calls to check up on you are great as well .
1	if i could give them ten stars , i would .
1	very professional and educational , dr z is awesome .
1	he helped me tremendously with a very bad lower back pain .
1	he cares ( and the nicest chiro for sure ) and takes the time .
1	the treatment , coupled with his advice worked for me .
1	appointments are really easy to book , parking too .
1	it 's conveniently located just off the qe , so really easy stop .
1	scottsdale memory care has been a real god send ! !
1	all of the nursing staff are exceptionally professional , and caring as well .
1	there is not a better facility for dementia patients than scottsdale memory care .
1	oh , and the food preparation is awesome !
1	all the very best to each and every one of you awesome folks ! !
1	i happened across laser away while walking around scottsdale quarter .
1	the road to rebuilding my self confidence started here !
1	the lady assisting me was helpful and gave some suggestions for lunch .
1	i had the bloody beet juice , a veggie soup and chickpea brownies .
1	it totalled just over $ 30 .
1	i really like chickpea brownies .
1	so much chocolate and denseness , hit the spot juuuuust right .
1	i ca n't swallow the price though .
1	will i go back ?
1	the lady offered a 10 juices for ~ $ 100 package .
1	i am so incredibly happy we started coming here !
1	my son had seen another dentist in henderson .
1	i called just for kids for a second opinion .
1	the office staff and dr. dhillon have went above and beyond all expectations .
1	i thank all of you so much for what you do !
1	we will absolutely come back for preventative or other care needed .
1	best place to go for dental work !
1	wife and i have been going here for years and will continue .
1	no fancy up sells ! ! !
1	my muscles are screaming .
1	i feel so out of shape .
1	i found a supportive group of trainers and classmates are helping keep me motivated .
1	everyday the exercises are different .
1	i 'm getting stronger !
1	i 'm sold ! !
1	this place is beyond amazing .
1	the staff was so kind and very efficient .
1	we were in and out of there in less than an hour .
1	it was so clean in there as well .
1	i will definitely be back every time when i get sick .
1	very clean and i love how up to date technology wise they are .
1	state of the art equipment .
1	i highly recommend for yourself as well as the kids .
1	he truly is a great dentist ... great work ! ! !
1	loved the facility and the staff .
1	today i went in for a teeth cleaning and had a pleasant experience .
1	have been coming to proovidence for about a year and received great results .
1	came after i had anxiety issues and used dr. jessica to help with treating .
1	her practice works wonders and the staff is very helpful .
1	dr. mary deka is an amazing gynecologist !
1	she makes you feel comfortable and at ease .
1	i always look forward to seeing her .
1	i am sure that sounds strange when one is talking about their gyno .
1	: - ) the office is extremely clean , welcoming and modern .
1	the staff at pv obgyn are amazing as well !
1	dr. deka 's nurse , grey , is wonderful .
1	i would sincerely recommend her to anyone !
1	these people are great .
1	every time i have gone in there , i always come out smiling .
1	the staff is knowlegeable and you do n't leave with questions .
1	he 's a blast and very caring .
1	i think it 's very effective because i am surely sore after leaving today .
1	i visited this place a few times for gel polish .
1	this salon is so nice and upscale .
1	the polish selection is the largest i 've seen .
1	i felt sincerely cared for , and look forward to my next appointment .
1	thank you , jon !
1	simply put , we could not be more pleased with dr ball .
1	i have to say i 'm very impressed with walmart 's vision center .
1	the staff has been friendly and made me feel very comfortable .
1	and the price was reasonable ( duh its walmart ) .
1	for the price it was an excellent experience .
1	very professional & courteous ... thank you so much for a pleasant experience .
1	we 'll see you soon !
1	i have been getting lash extensions for 3years now .
1	linda is really just incredible .
1	amazing lashes and maybe a massage.. you ca n't get any better !
1	i would give this place 5 stars .
1	the food is good and i love smoothie here .
1	this is a great place for anyone who is trying to eat healthy .
1	i would like to cpme back again
1	wonderful staff and expert doctor .
1	only drawback is long waits .
1	dr gregory t bigler is excellent and highly recommend him for surgery .
1	very professional and the staff is outstanding .
1	he can speak mandarin chinese which he did with my wife during recovery .
1	great job and thank you so much for your excellent service .
1	came here to treat myself for my birthday .
1	which is so cool cause it 's hot af outside .
1	the lobby area inside is very modern .
1	the front is fast to greet you as soon as you walk in .
1	the tech was explaining what she was doing as she did it .
1	which i really appreciate because i start feeling claustrophobic if i have trouble breathing .
1	she had such an angelic voice it was so calming and relaxing .
1	she also had a very light hand .
1	glo medspa is great !
1	megan is wonderful with peels and my skin has never looked better !
1	charles is the best with injectibles !
1	i love his work and he has the nicest staff ever .
1	his new office is very pretty and love the new location as well .
1	trust me-go to glo and you wo n't regret it ! !
1	he was my family doctor for yrs .
1	imagine when she told me it was dr .
1	lol i was thrilled to find my favorite childhood doc after all those yrs..btw .
1	i am 49 now .
1	his office manager goes above and beyond .
1	i am impressed with the overall professional , yet personable staff !
1	thank you , red mountain team !
1	he is one of the most dedicated individuals i have ever met .
1	friendly , courteous , professional care from the front desk to the massage therapist .
1	this was the best massage therapy experience i 've ever had .
1	all words describe my experience at physicians physical therapy .
1	i felt like a priority .
1	i felt like a person , not just a case they were treating .
1	gabe is an awesome trainer , to say the least !
1	he really does care about you and takes his work seriously .
1	friendly and well stocked .
1	i was so excited and appreciative i nearly cried .
1	the veggies and fruit are priced great and very tasty and fresh .
1	i was visiting las vegas for the weekend and wanted a massage .
1	we all loved it .
1	definitely would come back .
1	i have been going to elements for over a year and love this place .
1	great therapist and i am always able to book last minute if need be .
1	amy does an amazing deep tissue .
1	i highly recommend this place for a relaxing or more therapeutic massage .
1	front desk is always so nice .
1	do yourself a favor and schedule a consultation with ashlee .
1	i promise , you wo n't be sorry
1	getting a root canal is not my idea of fun .
1	but it was definitely needed with the kind of pain i was in .
1	my regular dentist referred me to this endodontist for some special care .
1	the office is located on the second floor of the professional office building .
1	the staff has a tremendous amount of patience for their patients .
1	the doctor and his assistant made me very comfortable and reassuring .
1	before i knew it i was done .
1	love the team here .
1	they are great , really nice and knowledgeable .
1	i have been seeing jessica for my annual exams for the past 3 years .
1	jessica has a wonderful , kind and caring bedside manner .
1	she is knowledgeable and thorough .
1	i feel very comfortable talking to her about any female issues i may have .
1	she is non-judgmental and truly cares .
1	she is truly amazing !
1	the rest of the staff has also been great !
1	my thanks to the entire staff for a great first experience !
1	johnie was very professional and took my child 's needs as her own .
1	super friendly staff all around .
1	when we left , my child was chatting the whole way home .
1	it has been the best health decision ever !
1	dr. b does amazing work and it is worth the price !
1	i had my veneers done 10 years ago and some new recent work .
1	the staff are fabulous .
1	i highly recommend them ! !
1	the staff are also very friendly thank you dr. ha !
1	the chiropractor who changed my life .
1	you never feel rushed .
1	best dentist office i 've been to in a long time ! !
1	everyone was really friendly and honest .
1	will be back for sure
1	no complaints over all .
1	this location i have been using the last month .
1	dr has been working out the stiffness in my back no issues or complaints .
1	i did buy a plan and have been going weekly .
1	dr kalish is dedicated to his profession and highly recommend .
1	she will make your stress disappear .
1	my wait time was minimal and staff was very pleasant .
1	she is very professional and knowledgable .
1	i would highly recommend her if you 're looking for a good dermatologist .
1	i 've been very impressed with the friendliness of the staff .
1	everyone here is very professional , warm and friendly .
1	would recommend them to anyone .
1	i found dr. mcadams on yelp and the reviews here are right on ! !
1	highly recommend ! ! !
1	i researched the `` miracle '' hangover cure businesses online .
1	boy , did they ever !
1	matt m. was fantastic !
1	he asked questions and explained everything he was doing .
1	i felt better within 20 min and almost symptom free .
1	the headache was definitely not as bad as it was before the treatment .
1	such an amazing experience at this location .
1	she then took me back and asked me questions to personalize my massage .
1	no other massage place has ever done this ! !
1	i would highly recommend this location and will definitely be returning .
1	thank you for allowing this teacher with a wonderful day of relaxation and pampering .
1	awesome for getting your cpr card !
1	they were really nice and definitely taught us well .
1	the teachers are debbie , les , and lynette .
1	they use sanitized equipment and made sure everyone felt welcomed .
1	i went in for a consultation and had a great experience .
1	i would recommend this office to anyone !
1	very professional and efficient .
1	i really enjoyed the scalp shampoo ; was really nice .
1	- believe the reviews - this place is very safe and well run .
1	staff are very nice , polite and helpful .
1	pretty easy to travel to from wherever you are .
1	staff will help you get on your way when you are finished .
1	located - `` upstairs '' - they do have an elevator .
1	again - i highly recommend .
1	the review on yelp are accurate .
1	i really had a great experience with everyone and they were professional and friendly .
1	i have referred few of my friends to them as well .
1	a good place to relax during my busy trade show week !
1	after standing for 10 hrs per days , this place is like heaven .
1	service are good , everyone have a smile on their face !
1	will be back next time i go to vegas !
1	i love this place ! !
1	shout out to kathy .
1	she 's the best !
1	you can tell they really care !
1	they made sure i was comfortable the entire time from start to finish .
1	i would go back there anytime and feel like i was in good hands .
1	i even got a copy of the cd as i was leaving .
1	dr. rouhani and staff are absolutely top notch .
1	wonderful dentist and support staff .
1	my five year old has always been apprehensive about dental visits but not anymore !
1	her preferred hygienist is summer and she is amazing !
1	she was gentle and reassuring .
1	that 's no small task , because my little lady is tiny but mighty .
1	dr. putney is fantastic too .
1	she has a warm demeanor and exudes a passion for dentistry .
1	my kids and i look forward to their twice yearly check ups .
1	they are hands down the best ever ! !
1	the care you receive at azcam will be tailored to your individual healthcare needs .
1	truly supportive to get you feeling better .
1	this was one of the better experiences i have had !
1	( never had a tour before during a visit ) .
1	i took the 6:00 a.m. class and there were only 4 of us though .
1	the workout was tough , but well organized .
1	great massage , hit all the tight muscles .
1	very good customer service .
1	i 'd highly recommend this business .
1	dr. goldring and his team are absolutely amazing ! !
1	totally awesome experience ! !
1	usually when you have botox , results to take effect are 24-48 hours .
1	a very dramatic difference .
1	very happy & will return .
1	i was contacted by sarah , the owner who got me in immediately .
1	my lashes last up to three weeks .
1	the new number is 702-342-3601 ! !
1	i saw the sign out front that said `` great with kids '' .
1	and after realizing their name , i went into the office .
1	i told them i was there because i saw they were great with kids .
1	so after a month , i cancelled my appointment .
1	i knew i had to get the work done .
1	and i was so informed of every action that was happening .
1	i did n't have to listen to music to distract myself .
1	their voices were soothing to the procedure at hand .
1	once the first procedure was finished , i went to the second .
1	they care for their adults as they do children .
1	it 's what they do .
1	you 're smile is waiting !
1	thanks one stop nutrition !
1	we have used blacker ortho for all three of our children .
1	we are extremely happy with all aspects of this office .
1	my kids never minded going and the results speak for themselves .
1	you wo n't regret it
1	love the phytosalad , bean burrito and of course the legendary onion rings .
1	it 's definitely pricey , but the service is great and the food fantastic !
1	i 've never reviewed tj ?
1	i love their flowers & how cheap they are .
1	i have always received a great massage .
1	been going to brookstone for years , have always felt well cared for .
1	dr.g is awesome , obviously caring and honest .
1	good stuff here ... .and i am critical .
1	i would give 10 stars if possible .
1	i have always been the biggest chicken when it comes to dentists .
1	i have had such bad experiences .
1	thanks to the reviews on yelp i found dr. mcadams .
1	all i can say is wow !
1	this was the best experience from the appointment process to the actual visit itself .
1	the staff is so cordial .
1	the place itself is ultra modern .
1	as it turned out i needed a tooth pulled .
1	i felt absolutely no pain !
1	the demeanor of dr. mcadams was so soothing .
1	candice his assistant was a doll .
1	i would highly recommend this practice .
1	again , let me say even 10 stars is n't enough .
1	thank you so much dr. mcadams .
1	we brought our boxer here .
1	she was a rescue about 7 years old when we got her .
1	took her for heartworm and a full check up .
1	staff was very nice , explained everything they were doing .
1	suggested updates for vaccination and prevention .
1	they handled lola with care and we will go back this summer .
1	great facility and staff .
1	family owned and operated with all the newest technology and oh so friendly .
1	i recently moved from vegas to texas .
1	i 'll admit it : i 'm still the adult scared of the dentist .
1	luckily i found floss and everyone there is really amazing .
1	they 'll explain everything and why it is or is n't necessary .
1	it 's also a great place for kids both my nephews go there .
1	dr. picot has always been honest , courteous , and friendly .
1	and the work he has done for me has been excellent .
1	dr. picot has a high-tech office .
1	my last dentist took 4 weeks for a permanent crown !
1	this place is amazing !
1	the staff really are welcoming and truly want you to succeed !
1	it 's not a stuffy atmosphere and i actually look forward to seeing them .
1	i have had several procedures done by dr. meger .
1	i have only great feedback for him and his staff .
1	i will not go anywhere else for facials or any other treatments .
1	i am 60.5 years old in my profile pic .
1	this review is for the avondale location where mitchell served as my therapist .
1	i 've been going to my dentist for about 5 years .
1	i have never been so satisfied .
1	my cleaning was perfect and gentle .
1	i would show anyone my before and after photos .
1	i 'm so satisfied and i ca n't stop smiling .
1	awesome staff , ca n't wait to come back .
1	first time going to sam 's spa and it was an amazing experience .
1	i will definitely be coming back for another massage .
1	i will recommend this location to anyone in need of a full body massage .
1	gina is the best !
1	she knows how to connect with patients and does everything she can to help !
1	the facility is clean and the staff is super friendly .
1	i had a massage today with madily .
1	the whole experience was wonderful ! ! ! !
1	the staff at the front desk were warm and helpful .
1	this was my first time with madily and she was excellent .
1	she was professional and caring .
1	i am a part time az resident .
1	i was delighted by dr heap and his entire staff .
1	definitely a 10+ out of 10 for inspire dental !
1	i 'm very happy !
1	edit : her name was nu
1	ciro is the best personal trainer and physical therapist i 've ever had .
1	i recently had a total knee replacement .
1	he has been a tremendous help in my rehabilitation .
1	i definitely enjoyed her massage techniques on my neck and lower back .
1	i look forward to seeing her again on my next trip .
1	it asked `` are you bored of your regular workout routine ? ''
1	i always do get bored easily ! ''
1	the energy level of the trainers here is incredible .
1	the theme is , `` never give up . ''
1	today was just a taste of what their boxing classes are actually like .
1	there were grimaces , sweat flying everywhere , groans , and then also laughter .
1	not the typical combination you would get when you 're working out hard .
1	that 's what makes this place unique .
1	you can tell they are striving for a fun , yet motivational atmosphere .
1	i always feel totally at ease with his suggestions and his results are exemplary .
1	i would recommend him to anyone .
1	she shapes my nails perfectly , exactly how i want , m .
1	the salon itself is decorated nicely , very modern and clean .
1	they always offer something to drink , which is a very nice touch .
1	overall great experience every time .
1	the service provided at custom eyes is excellent .
1	dr. sukanthy is a wonderful doctor .
1	the staff are very friendly and approachable .
1	they make sure you are not waiting long and your needs are addressed .
1	i recommend everyone to come to custom eyes !
1	! love me my doc kotoske ! !
1	i have been seeing chiropractors most of my adult life .
1	the problem was not severe .
1	treatment was paid through our medical plan .
1	this is now a reasonable out of pocket expense .
1	this is definitely a five star .
1	dr. kanarish is incredibly knowledgeable and great at answering questions .
1	in fact , the entire was was professional and knowledgeable .
1	our puppy liked dr. k , too , and gave him kisses right away .
1	after only a few visits .
1	given , you are covered at all times , but still odd .
1	best part of my day - totally helped with my dental anxiety .
1	i would highly recommend foothills family dental ! !
1	i found this place through yelp .
1	i had an amazing experience .
1	i was seen promptly and left in approximately an hour .
1	i highly recommend this family practice to all of my friends and family .
1	if i could give this place 10 stars i would .
1	they exceeded all of my expectations !
1	best deal in town .
1	this place is fantastic !
1	always willing to give advice and personalized attention .
1	i 'm a repeat optic zone customer and fan .
1	i have yet to find cheaper designer glasses in toronto .
1	second , selection is excellent .
1	service , style , selection .
1	this place is great .
1	came here before leaving vegas ... with knots and tight all over !
1	got tila and she worked my knots out like no other !
1	next time i 'm back in vegas i 'll definitely be coming back ! !
1	let me tell you , it was well worth the drive .
1	i had the best massage ever , i was almost sleeping during the massage .
1	highly recommend going to see him .
1	i had a great experience at bright now dental on cave creek rd .
1	however , the hygienist was amazing and awesome .
1	i will come back again and make them my dental office .
1	latest equipment and a highly trained nurse does it .
1	i found dr. nielson online with examples of his bonding work .
1	i met with 5 doctors .
1	a few recommended 4 veneers , another said my problem could not be fixed .
1	the office is nice , the staff is super helpful .
1	i ca n't say enough good things about dr. nielson .
1	i would recommend and return .
1	thank you so much for giving me my smile back !
1	loved this dr 's office .
1	friendly and knowledgable staff .
1	dr. jeppesen is awesome and i highly recommend him and his facility .
1	dr. dom is not only an excellent chiropractor , but great person as well .
1	he also has gone out of his way to help me .
1	he is intelligent and likes to give back to his community as well .
1	let him be your healthcare quarterback !
1	who are extremely professional and trustworthy .
1	i look forward to the hour and half getaway each time !
1	i can only handle the intensity maybe once a month sit every other .
1	when i arrived , kenta made me feel welcomed and at ease .
1	he was thorough in asking about my problem areas to be targeted and treated .
1	i felt rejuvenated and tension free at the end of my session .
1	i highly recommend the women 's center .
1	the have a doctor there in case there are any issues .
1	it is great to have a place staffed with females for females !
1	this place was very relaxing and quiet .
1	staff was very friendly and ambience was nice .
1	i had a great massage !
1	they also had really great service and good tea with the massage .
1	we have been patients of dr. cotton 's for three years .
1	she is a wonderful dentist and is so caring with my children .
1	i ca n't say enough about how great she is !
1	the dentists and staff at brennan dental are wonderful !
1	extremely professional and actually care .
1	i highly recommend them and will not go anywhere else !
1	the location was easy to find with ample parking .
1	recovery was simple and i had absolutely no side-effects .
1	no nausea , no chipmunk cheeks , no swelling or bruising .
1	just to let people know .
1	yelp usually asks for a service fee to let your good reviews out .
1	tldr : worth going .
1	my entire life was dictated by how bad the pain was that day .
1	found a groupon with a great deal .
1	____________________________ pros : - the 1st chiropractor that has truly helped me .
1	- does n't want me to be a long-term patient .
1	cons : - none to speak of that i can think of .
1	really a great overall experience .
1	( x-rays and exams ) .
1	hour-ish for two people .
1	we were even given copies of the xrays for our personal records .
1	____________________________ first week : 5/8/17 3 adjustments .
1	tues weds and thursday .
1	my back used to crack and pop every time i moved .
1	my lower back was in piercing pain .
1	5/15/2017 week 2 : 3 adjustments again this week .
1	for the first time , my muscles around my trouble spots are actually relaxing .
1	i am feeling a relief from pain already , which is a massive feat .
1	my pain has switched from joint pain to muscle pain .
1	i ca n't believe it was this easy .
1	honestly came down to going to the right chiropractor .
1	more updates to come .
1	really hopeful now for the first time in over 10 years .
1	5/22 week 3 : 2 adjustments this week .
1	started doing stretches and workouts at home this week .
1	had a few times this week where i woke up without any pain .
1	pain is now manageable .
1	no longer taking pain medicine all day .
1	5/29/17 week 4 : 2 adjustments this week .
1	doing more workouts and stretches this week .
1	muscles are still sore , but the workouts are easier now .
1	still some joint/back pain but it 's only been 4 weeks .
1	still not needing pain meds any longer .
1	ice pack still close by .
1	6/5/17 week 5 : 2 adjustments this week .
1	waking up without being in any pain this week 3 days now .
1	starting more aggressive stretching and workouts .
1	the muscles are the biggest obstacle at this point .
1	minor joint pain still in my trouble spots .
1	dr. justesen is a wonderful dentist that cares a great deal about his patients .
1	i have been a patient of his for over 20 years .
1	my mother was a patient of his and i now take my daughter .
1	they do n't pretend to care about their patients but truly do .
1	i highly recommend dr. justesen for all your dental needs !
1	dr. poremba and staff , so caring and finest people .
1	i want to thank dr. poremba and mary for treating me so well .
1	this is a great place to go , i highly recommend dr. poremba !
1	i wish i had seen years before !
1	been seeing and using maria for years for laser hair removal .
1	very detailed and does a great job .
1	they are a weird breed of hipster meets tree hugger meets hobo bohemian .
1	that aside , the food is pretty good , if you are going meatless .
1	i like the soups and juice , smoothies .
1	prices are good and so us service .
1	this place is amazing !
1	i had the most wonderful massage with patrick and facial with liz .
1	both of them were very calming and made me feel very comfortable .
1	the decor is really cool with all sorts of music memorabilia .
1	dr. rehl is amazing .
1	he is knowledgeable and thorough .
1	after careful examination and deliberation he concluded that surgery was not necessary .
1	his expertise saved me a $ 40,000 surgery .
1	if you have sinus problems dr. rehl is astute and extremely honest .
1	i had an amazing experience both times !
1	brandy is wonderful , she made the whole experience so pleasant .
1	just a little more plump !
1	friendly chiropractor that did great .
1	i would definitely recommend them .
1	just had a great massage there .
1	easy to make an appointment ( even a same-day one , at that !
1	) , staff is friendly , and they take a variety of insurances .
1	i was blown away by her expertise , friendliness , and concern .
1	highly recommended on all counts !
1	the relaxation lounges are a must .
1	especially after a massage .
1	and then after some time in the steam room , or in the whirlpool .
1	just anytime , its an experience all on its own !
1	all perfect stocked with the items you would need .
1	the patio pool is where it is at though !
1	and my oh my , what a view .
1	who would have thought a lump of rock could be so soothing and beautiful .
1	check-in was very easy and pleasant .
1	dr. faught was incredibly friendly and down-to-earth .
1	i look forward to visiting the office again !
1	i could n't be happier with north scottsdale peds !
1	waiting rooms and exam rooms are comfortable and clean .
1	love that they have a sick and well waiting room .
1	my son had to have emergency surgery the next day .
1	thank you for your care dr. cesal and team !
1	i have found my new home !
1	love pop nails ... .its very clean and professional .
1	i well definitely be returning ...
1	took my mom to get a consultation , i will review after her procedure .
1	she got approved to get jell injections for her bad knees .
1	the staff in front when you walk in are so friendly and sweet .
1	doctor is very kind .
1	everyone from the receptionist to the surgeon was impressive .
1	professional , knowledgable , and at the same time patient and caring .
1	absolutely worth the money .
1	i had my free consultation done downtown toronto .
1	an extremely impressive clinic full of people who are proud of what they do .
1	could not be happier .
1	i have had a great experience with toca across the board !
1	would recommend this clinic and dr halal to anyone .
1	it was the `` low cost '' dental that brought us in .
1	they do accept most insurances but have great low-cost options if you do n't .
1	dr. van and dr. unger are great !
1	you can tell they like what they do .
1	the location is ugly though .
1	the service is beautiful .
1	it is wierd though that they have cookies in their lobby .
1	shouldnt they have carrot sticks or something ?
1	this place recently opened and is absolutely amazing !
1	my boyfriend and i booked a one-hour foot massage for $ 25 each .
1	the room was dark and filled with relaxing music .
1	we were fully clothed the entire time .
1	this was one of the best massages i have ever had !
1	they know what they are doing !
1	you 'll leave relaxed and refreshed .
1	we certainly will be back soon .
1	my new favorite spa- open on saturday and the staff and providers are amazing !
1	dr. chow and her staff are very professional , knowledgeable and patient oriented .
1	they take their time explaining everything and listen carefully to your concerns and questions .
1	patient education seems very important to dr. chow .
1	the eye examinations are varied , technical and extremely thorough .
1	you are in good hands when you trust dr. chow for your vision care .
1	dr. rouhani is the man !
1	i 've been seeing dr. martin for about 3 years .
1	would highly recommend dr. martin !
1	dr. chen is very professional , knowledgable and thorough with your procedure .
1	he 's upfront with what you 're getting and i really appreciate it .
1	i 'll have to compare how long this last for than my previous years .
1	it 's hard to find an honest medspa .
1	i 'm happy i found this place .
1	will never go anyplace else .
1	we found this spa on a visit to old town scottsdale .
1	everything they do is professional and luxurious .
1	i highly recommend coming here and indulging your inner beauty !
1	all i can say is wow !
1	when i 1st got there i did n't know what to expect .
1	i will definitely be visiting detox body cleanse again !
1	that `` ceragem '' machine is honestly a blessing from above !
1	they have reasonable prices and willing to work out a payment plan if needed .
1	i liked this massage here .
1	the person that massaged me was petite but boy was she packed with power .
1	she beat me up good .
1	i had the hot rocks as well and boy was that hot .
1	i 'll definitely come back again .
1	good service , lots of parking and good massages .
1	what an awesome place to have dental work done .
1	hardly had to wait and the staff and dr are so helpful and professional .
1	everything was explained to me before any work was done .
1	i felt very comfortable and highly recommend this practice .
1	prices are very fair .
1	my whole family will start using this dentist .
1	best place for a smoothie ! !
1	so much cheaper than jamba juice !
1	the staff is really cool and friendly .
1	dr. racanelli and his staff made me feel so comfortable .
1	i was pleased with his work , and how supportive everyone was .
1	dr. pack is amazing !
1	he has been my dr. for about 5 years now .
1	quick exams ... does n't bs you and is extremely honest .
1	who would n't want that ?
1	thanks to him and his staff i am healthy and cancer cell free !
1	always a good experience and glad this office is here in gilbert .
1	no goofy recommendations and quality care .
1	dr. gawley is an incredibly talented plastic surgeon .
1	dr. gawley is by far the best surgeon for breast reconstruction in town .
1	we highly recommend him to all breast cancer patients in need of breast reconstruction .
1	his work outside of breast cancer is equally outstanding .
1	if anyone needs a dentist .
1	we had a awsome experience at this new office we went to .
1	you ca n't say that about dentist visits .
1	the hygienist were very knowledgeable and had light hands .
1	my husband who dreads the dentis even agrees .
1	he hated our last dentist .
1	they are very gentle and extremely good .
1	one gal is great with kids too including my husband .
1	you 'll get unbelievable service .
1	if it was n't for our daughter anastasia we would not be as satisfied .
1	aleena was the best at explaining the why before the price .
1	which was amazing to add .
1	we recommend dr philipp and his team to anyone .
1	before we forget , natasha the assistant is great and highly recommended .
1	thank you for all your help , we tell you care .
1	absolutely love this place !
1	not only is dr admire top notch , his staff is the best too .
1	i highly recommend dr admire to all my friends and family .
1	there are two locations located in the city : southwest and henderson .
1	the athletic trainers / techs are helpful throughout the therapeutic exercises .
1	they stick with the individuals until they feel they can exercise on their own .
1	the therapists are also so great !
1	they provide treatment with comfort and relief .
1	i ca n't be thankful enough for the help they have provided .
1	wow ! ! ! !
1	wish i could give more than 5 stars ! !
1	upon stepping in the door amazing energy and aroma hit me ! ! !
1	i love the fact that when i left i knew more than going in !
1	will for sure be a regular in the future ! ! !
1	( hugs ! ! ! )
1	saddened at another bad experience with a vegas provider , i turned to yelp .
1	she fit me in for an appointment later that week .
1	he was very thorough and has great bedside manner .
1	their office was modern , spacious , and inviting .
1	while my eyes dilated , he let me browse frames .
1	they had such a wide variety and price points to choose from .
1	my cost share was thoroughly explained to me prior to purchase .
1	they work fast here !
1	thanks eyes on las vegas for all your help !
1	here from out of town with an urgent glass repair need .
1	they were fast and friendly !
1	dr. rose and the staff are super friendly and responsive .
1	i never have to wait longer than 10 minutes in the waiting room .
1	i have referred several friends and all have been happy patients .
1	it 's important to evaluate long term treatment and experience .
1	consider long term experiences .
1	this is a great clinic and you will not be disappointed .
1	chenin orthodontics is very well run .
1	all of the staff members are so friendly , knowledgeable and patient .
1	the office is kid-friendly and totally fun !
1	both doctors are amazing .
1	do n't get sick .
1	but if you do , come here .
1	it 's the best hospital in the valley as far as we are concerned .
1	and we live near / closer to competing hospitals .
1	but we drive here .
1	very excited massage green finally opened in north scottsdale .
1	great service at a great price and super friendly staff .
1	she is the best doctor that i have ever had .
1	she listens to her patients .
1	which is a rarity with doctors nowadays .
1	she is a rare gem in gilbert .
1	you will find no doctor better .
1	definitely coming back the next time i 'm in town .
1	so glad that i did .
1	i could n't thank him enough .
1	i ca n't say enough about them .
1	i got peach and mango flavors together and it tasted very good !
1	she is just fabulous !
1	i am so excited about the obvious improvement after just one peel ! ! !
1	she 's a miracle worker i guess .
1	i have also had a massage from rosie and she is superb !
1	prices are great and distance from strip is very reasonable .
1	love this compounding pharmacy !
1	also to my surprise , they have an assortment of doterra oils .
1	looking forward to going back to browse when i have a little more time .
1	solutions is a great place to get off addictions and make your mind right .
1	the staff is very caring and help on most of your recovery .
1	they make you feel like you are part of community .
1	i highly recommend this rehab if you are looking to change your life .
1	best massage i 've ever had !
1	i ca n't recommend this location enough .
1	i 've been to quiet a few of these foot spas .
1	it 's usually hit or miss with them .
1	i did n't have an appointment for this specific zen foot spa .
1	i was greeted immediately by a pleasant front desk attendant .
1	i selected the basic package .
1	i was taken back to a very clean and tidy area .
1	my therapist did a wonderful job and was very nice .
1	the prices are great .
1	the service is great .
1	and i got this place through the google .
1	everyday when i visited this place , made me comfortable and good explained everything .
1	they are gon na counsel and try to help you .
1	this dr. is top 's .
1	she is one internist who does not try to just make money ! ! !
1	she spends the time necessary with all her patients .
1	myself and entire family highly recommend her .
1	my father is alive today due to the efforts of this awesome doctor .
1	she is a credit to our medical community .
1	absolutely love this pharmacy for my pets ' meds !
1	i would recommend this pharmacy to anyone , anytime .
1	i suffer from intense dental anxiety .
1	i found andrea when i bought a living social deal .
1	i 'm so glad i bought it !
1	spirit apothecary is fantastic .
1	i just visited for the first time today .
1	i usually frequent other stores in lakewood as they are closer .
1	however , i will be going here from now on .
1	amazing selection , just about anything you could possibly need .
1	prices are great , and the employees were friendly and helpful .
1	very welcoming environment and i ca n't wait to go back .
1	i have been seeing dr. wells .
1	when you need a procedure the staff is the best .
1	they have never disappointed .
1	they have r.n 's with you at all times .
1	they have competent anastesiaolgist .
1	you are made comfortable during the entire procedure .
1	i have recommended many friends and work associates .
1	if you have any questions relax and ease your mind .
1	you are in most capable hands .
1	keep up the great job .
1	they take bcbs which is why i chose them .
1	emd is awesome from the staff to dr. wellman .
1	the office is clean and the atmosphere is really inviting .
1	i had a lot of work done .
1	there was no pain at all .
1	i could n't until now .
1	i will never go anywhere else .
1	at emd , going to the dentist does n't have to hurt anymore !
1	thank you banner urgent care saturday night staff !
1	by far the best dentist i have ever been to .
1	i like most people get really nervous at the dentist .
1	the entire staff is wonderful .
1	andrew gives a great massage ... especially good with the neck area .
1	staff is always friendly and professional .
1	it 's about time .
1	southview dentistry where have you been all my life ?
1	this was just what i was after .
1	we recently had a couple poor experiences .
1	the folks at southview are professional and truly care about your comfort .
1	definitely what i 've been seeking .
1	only went one time but i want to go weekly .
1	it pushed all kinds of toxins out i could feel it afterwards .
1	the next day my skin was clean fresh and glowing .
1	is small and cute and hannah was so nice and friendly .
1	she also educated me on nail shape most efficient for my nails and desires .
1	i made a next appointment immediately after ! !
1	i had a facial and i loved it .
1	had botox treatment as well .
1	mesa pediatrics is my choice for my son 's pediatrician .
1	their doctors and staff are friendly .
1	they have appt times available when i need .
1	they do n't make me wait too long in the lobby .
1	the only lil annoyance is that sometimes their phone lines get tied up .
1	small price to pay for an office that i feel comfortable with though .
1	to paul e. 's comment below .
1	i 'm surprised they did n't send you home straight away .
1	the studio itself is beautiful and everyone was very welcoming of a first-timer .
1	i love body fit .
1	after each session it feels like you worked out every muscle of your body .
1	the instructor and owner of body fit is marcus niemo .
1	he definitely keep its interesting .
1	i 'm definitely jumping on the body fit band wagon !
1	i think you should too !
1	started 8/20/2011 ( 61/365 ) .
1	the dr that was in a couple weeks ago is awesome !
1	he is so friendly and you can tell he truly cares about his patients .
1	he took time to answer all my questions .
1	i was very pleased with the service .
1	stephanie is very professional and extremely nice .
1	i left my appointment not only feeling great but with so much knowledge .
1	i would definitely recommend .
1	couple deep tissue massage with my boyfriend ! !
1	complementary shuttle ride to the place and hotel .
1	make sure you tip the driver both ways !
1	our driver was jenn .
1	she picked us up right on time .
1	this place is n't fancy with all the frills like inside a hotel spa .
1	it has a nice vegas decor .
1	pictures of elvis , barbara streisand , beatles , etc .
1	use the restroom before you get started !
1	i got douglas & my bf got brenda as our massusers .
1	first , the massusers introduce themselves and ask a few questions .
1	they says to undress completely and go under the covers .
1	you will be draped with double aheets throughout the service .
1	the massage beds were heated nice and warm inside a chilled room .
1	i think douglas used a unscented lotion .
1	which was great because i am sensitive to weird smelling lotions .
1	my bf had shea buttter .
1	douglas started off nice touches and started to hit all my pressure points .
1	he did my shoulder and back really well .
1	no facial ( thats separate ) i do feel much better .
1	a little sore but a good kind of sore .
1	my bf says it was okay .
1	at the end of our session they waited outside until we got dressed .
1	they were waiting with a cup of water .
1	then we paid and asked for a receipt .
1	and they do n't give out receipt .
1	oh wells no biggie .
1	then our shuttle took us back to the hotel .
1	now i 'm soft , smooth , and less sore !
1	the dentists and staff at inspire !
1	dr. kris heap was great and my hygienist is perfect .
1	i was very concerned with getting a lot of crowns replaced .
1	other dentists had tried and failed .
1	she did some beautiful prints first and then began the encapsulation process .
1	i am very grateful for jodi and the placenta lady .
1	i highly recommend her services .
1	the front desk people are the sweetest !
1	so nice and accommodating .
1	do n't have anything bad to say since everything went well .
1	once you find a good one stick with them !
1	let me start off by saying charles is the best !
1	he puts you at ease and is extremely knowledgeable where to do the injections .
1	i brought many of my family to him and all were happy .
1	not to mention the best selection in eyewear .
1	if they do n't have it they will find it = ) )
1	the moment i walked in dr popat greeted me and was very friendly .
1	the cost of the appointment was reasonable and he met all my expectations .
1	i highly recommend this orthodontist and will visit him again .
1	tl ; dr dr. tepe is fantastic , highly recommended !
1	i went to harvest of scottsdale earlier this week to buy a vaporizer .
1	there were problems with it and i had written a review reflecting my experience .
1	i will definitely be a return customer and i recommend harvest wholeheartedly .
1	out of desperation , i decided to give her a try .
1	however , i did mention it to teresa .
1	now for the massage .
1	thank you teresa and thank you elements for hiring her .
1	i wish i could take that little lady home with us .
1	all the associates in this store are extremely friendly .
1	worth to be mentioned is mr. takis .
1	he helped me a lot .
1	i had a groupon for this place and decided to try it out .
1	the waitress was very friendly and helpful with the menu .
1	all of it was absolutely amazing !
1	everything was super fresh .
1	she has been doing this for a while and knows her stuff .
1	he was an amaaaazing masseuse !
1	bubbies pickles is the best !
1	just like grandma made them !
1	i absolutely love this place !
1	went here with a coworker after two tradeshows a week long .
1	did the massage as well as the facial .
1	the service there was also amazing , i felt relaxed the whole time .
1	wish this place was closer to home !
1	after six months it looks as if my billing issue has been resolved .
1	crossfit tempest happened to be a short 2 miles from me .
1	as i expected , the wods were pretty intense but incredibly satisfying .
1	**a tip for people new to arizona** arizona gets hot , hot , hot .
1	the weather in the morning is actually pretty nice and optimal for wods .
1	let 's just say it was a learning experience .
1	dr. singh is an excellent diagnostician and a wonderful doctor .
1	very happy that he 's back .
1	i love trader joe 's .
1	i do a good part of my grocery shopping here every week !
1	the back office staff are amazing .
1	you call you are telling them the situation and they tell well thats great .
1	you could tell she wasnt even listening to you .
1	and i was sent to er the night before per my drs orders .
1	and this was the next morning .
1	so yea the front office need new employees before something happena terrible to someone .
1	thank you dr yelma , brittany , dr copeland , monique , sue .
1	you guys are awesome .
1	i especially enjoy going to see karley who works there !
1	i had lasik with dr. wellish in 2004. my vision was horrible- 20/2700 .
1	eleven years later and still no glasses .
1	lasik was life changing .
1	if you 're considering it , do it .
1	dr wellish is the best .
1	the office was organized & on time .
1	they know what they 're doing .
1	i absolutely love nexcare urgent care .
1	i always get in fast and get treated so well .
1	their diagnosis is always spot on and the prescribed treatment works every time !
1	as well as the front office staff and nurses , etc .
1	i recommend nexcare every chance i get !
1	never even knew about this place !
1	by far the most empathetic wonderful staff i ever encountered ! !
1	this is a terrific establishment !
1	they are very professional and prompt getting you in and out for your procedures .
1	i have now made my second appointment and am very comfortable coming back .
1	his staff is very friendly and welcoming , a real asset .
1	ca n't beat it !
1	there 's several rooms with treadmills .
1	the cycle and row machines now too .
1	* lift - full weight room on the lower floor .
1	there 's more lifting equipment on the 2nd floor and some dumbbells .
1	there 's also some a lifting room in the men 's locker room .
1	ca n't verify if there 's one in the ladies locker room .
1	2 medium size courts .
1	i 've never used it but it 's there .
1	saw our primary as a squeeze in early this afternoon .
1	just got back home from there .
1	appointment was actually on time , even as a squeeze in .
1	hub 's ear is now wax free and he can hear again .
1	like the attitude dr yu has .
1	straight to the point , no nonsense .
1	if more stars were available they would get them .
1	my son is a kent state student who ran out of contact lenses .
1	thank you ronna and glanville & hussing optometrists .
1	you are hero 's !
1	great little spot for work physicals , dot exams and immunizations .
1	we love this rec center .
1	the fitness center is great , clean and has great equipment .
1	the hours and prices are great too .
1	the staff is always friendly and helpful .
1	tot town is a great bonus as well .
1	what made our first experience with this spa exceptional was their accommodations .
1	i love the bulk stuff , and the fresh sandwiches .
1	i will definitely be coming back for years to come .
1	thank you guys for making it so easy to take care of my chompers .
1	got my lashes done by nela and had such a great experience .
1	if you 're looking into getting eyelash extensions look no further than the ilashlab .
1	very worth my time and money ! !
1	i can definitely say my first visit wo n't be my last : )
1	i see dr. cressman & he is the best !
1	he 's friendly & knowledgeable .
1	very enjoyable experience mixed with great conversation .
1	if you are considering getting permanent makeup , tiffany is your girl !
1	wish i would have done it sooner .
1	i 've been going to senza pelo med spa for at least 3 years .
1	everyone there is very pleasant .
1	it 's across from christown on the west side .
1	i turn on missouri and come in from the west on montebello .
1	it 's worth it !
1	amazing little vegetarian restaurant with delicious , simple food and a really inviting concept .
1	my wife enjoyed the fennel/pumpkin bowl while i indulged in the mole bowl .
1	we will definitely be back !
1	this place is clean and organized .
1	the employees smile and are pleasant .
1	they move in an orderly fashion and the wait is not to bad .
1	you need them to see .
1	shocking statistic i know , but it is true .
1	some , better than others of course .
1	hence the need for places like this little gem !
1	what a gorgeous office space they have here .
1	on top of that , the staff here is amazing .
1	friendly , helpful , warm and caring .
1	the doctor is such a nice guy .
1	seriously ... .he rocked my socks .
1	probably the most important variable of all !
1	this location is convenient and close to many other shops and restaurants .
1	i definitely will be back in the future !
1	summerhills dental is a wonderful caring place .
1	i had my teeth cleaned and x-rays .
1	the dental tech and dr. cynthia allen were gentle and very through .
1	beats any other health food shop i 've been to in the city .
1	my family of 4 ( including me ) had appointments last saturday .
1	we were late , but all of us were still able to be seen .
1	the staff members were friendly .
1	dr. lao was the stand-in doctor that day .
1	he was nice and pleasant to talk with .
1	it was an overall good experience .
1	first i love this place , the staff and especially dovonna ! ! !
1	after surgery i developed some complications and got an infection .
1	this lead to a large lump of scar tissue .
1	dovonna personally called me back and discussed some treatment options .
1	i love that my wellbeing is always a priority here .
1	i highly recommend blue skyes for all of your wellness needs .
1	dale ann dorsey is the best i have found .
1	even when i pester her she is always in good spirits .
1	the spa is very clean and beautifully decorated .
1	the massage therapists here are so compassionate , professional , and skilled .
1	both massages i 've had here have been so relaxing yet thorough .
1	i always feel so much better afterward .
1	i 'm way more energetic , and i 'm already noticing my tummy tightening !
1	getting stronger and stronger every day and keeping up with my meal planning .
1	i want 20 lbs off !
1	and i 'll keep it off and more by staying with my fbbc family !
1	btw , emmanuel is great !
1	amazing manicure and pedicure .
1	a hidden gem in mississauga .
1	the staff is very friendly and inviting .
1	definitely will come back !
1	i believe they specialize in nails and facials and massages .
1	i 'm coming for a massage next , as they have registered massage therapists .
1	i felt welcomed at shop although it was filled with girls : )
1	an awesome , thorough , and thoroughly relaxing deep tissue massage !
1	true dentistry was great .
1	the office was very nice and clean .
1	the first thing i noticed was how warmly we were greeted .
1	somebody give her a raise !
1	my son let her look in his mouth and even clean his teeth .
1	this is above and beyond.. not to mention genius .
1	5 stars across the board .
1	this place is great !
1	not to mention that they know what they 're doing !
1	side note : i love watching them interact with the elderly patients .
1	the elderly ladies love the attention and being able to talk .
1	best staff and best prices .
1	this is my favorite dispensary .
1	lots of selection to choice from and best flower in valley !
1	amazing ! ! ! !
1	hired for life ! ! ! !
1	on time ... real massage therapist ... .really truly amazing ! !
1	it 's a pretty good clinic .
1	they have low wait times and friendly doctors .
1	there should n't be poor ratings of the clinic because people forgot their id .
1	prompt service , easy appointment scheduling , covered by our insurance .
1	the actual exam process is quick , clean , and efficient .
1	trying a new therapist today but all have been great so far !
1	front desk in the evening is awesome !
1	they really seem to enjoy there jobs !
1	clean and quiet in lobby .
1	always a pleasure to come to dr. constantinou 's practice .
1	i am very glad to be a patient here !
1	i am new to az and was referred to dr. thompson by a co-worker .
1	super efficient , warm , friendly office .
1	dr. thompson and chelsea made a great team .
1	this is an excellent practice .
1	all three of my kids have had braces .
1	the office staff and the doctor are wonderful
1	he is extremely patient , understanding , and knowledgeable .
1	i would highly recommend dr. hall .
1	this is my third time here and i love it .
1	i love the deep tissue massage instant relief !
1	i have been going to spectrum whenever needed for a few years .
1	he and his staff were wonderful .
1	3 times is a charm and there will be no more !
1	my mom and dad just moved in .
1	a major landscaping upgrade is underway , and a major caf upgrade is underway .
1	all staff were very friendly .
1	i 'm new to las vegas and very happy to have found floss !
1	i called this office and they were able to get me in next day .
1	the wait was short and staff accommodating .
1	i am satisfied with x-ray , exam , cleaning and fluoride treatment .
1	i saw dr. chen & medical assistant dulce this morning at the chandler office .
1	they made me feel valued and cared for and put me at ease .
1	every single one of my concerns were addressed and completely taken care of .
1	look no further- book your appointment right now .
1	parking is also kinda sucky
1	i am extremely happy i made the choice to finally get my lasik surgery .
1	they are very attentive and kind .
1	bianca then asked me for my information and to fill out some forms .
1	she gave me some instructions to follow preparing me for my next appointment .
1	my pupils were dilated so they could see deep in my eye .
1	the next day was surgery day .
1	thank you all for your help and amazing service .
1	i definitely recommend them if you ever think of getting your lasik .
1	it 's challenging but so worth it !
1	just remember to bring cash ; )
1	dr. sharma and her staff are caring and knowledgeable .
1	they answer questions thoroughly and are very gentle .
1	i would recommend them to anyone !
1	phenomenal holistic treatment for the mind and body .
1	patient friendly and willing to explain diagnosis and treatment
1	great first impression love the decor !
1	this is why my whole familia will come here for our dentistry .
1	great job to the hygienist summer see you in two weeks .
1	always fresh produce and good quality product .
1	he is the absolute best .
1	i ca n't comment on sprockets since i have not used that area .
1	easter sunday the store was very sparse with shoppers .
1	i had a few other items eventually and went thru the check out .
1	he just had this empty cart that he was invading my space with .
1	then he drove right in front of me as he was leaving .
1	this seemed very out of place and not normal considering the circumstances .
1	thanks dr kotoske and his whole staff you are all awesome ! !
1	i wish i had found this group years earlier .
1	they have been wonderful with the entire family including my young son .
1	you ever have a slight headache , pop an aspirin , right ?
1	cant sleep , take a tylenol pm , right ?
1	i do not take or believe in western `` so called '' medicine .
1	eastern is the original way to go .
1	thats what brings me , here , to tak yuen tong .
1	it really is a hidden gem .
1	amazing variety of teas , a plethora of extracts , herbs and natures medications .
1	its the way life and the health industry should be .
1	ill be back for acupuncture soon .
1	i have n't run into the same issues as the other reviewer here .
1	dr. suarez is the most detailed doctor i 've ever seen .
1	very thankful to have her as my primary doctor .
1	very professional and you go in quickly .
1	linda is the best !
1	such a cute salon , quiet and nice atmosphere .
1	linda was so fun to talk to and the time flew by .
1	best deal and service by far !
1	dr. poremba is legit .
1	in other words , they care about your time .
1	more importantly , he does great work .
1	i highly recommend dr. poremba if you are looking for a dentist .
1	i can not say enough wonderful things about this office and staff !
1	i 'm so happy to have found this pt office !
1	i went in on a saturday afternoon .
1	it was n't to busy .
1	everyone was very nice .
1	i only needs a manicure .
1	in and out quickly .
1	very clean and prices are reasonable .
1	we have been patients for over 7 years .
1	dr. sidhu is awesome !
1	so great with my kids !
1	my kids love her !
1	my lashes look great !
1	she also offers mobile massages .
1	i am saddened to read the two posts ahead of me .
1	i went to this location on rainbow and found it to be highly professional .
1	i witnessed a beautiful , clean , up-to-date office .
1	i did hear some spanish but the patient was needing that language .
1	i saw no language barrier .
1	i 'm not sure why those other two reviews were so bad .
1	i highly recommend this location .
1	i came out very happy and relaxed .
1	i seriously would recommend forrest and forrest .
1	we are having another baby and will be flying her out again across country .
1	super cool shop ! !
1	alex the security guard was super friendly ! ! !
1	all in all a fun experience !
1	can not say enough amazing things about this practice .
1	the staff is kind , considerate and always professional .
1	they truly care about you and/or your child 's well being .
1	she cares , she jokes , she 's knowledgeable , etc .
1	even check out was easy .
1	absolutely , 100 % fantastic service , support , and medical knowledge !
1	super duper bonus : they have real gowns to wear .
1	none of that shitty pink plastic/papery crap here !
1	dr thompson was very friendly & caring .
1	the staff was amazing.. maria was very knowledgeable .
1	very affordable eye contact fitting $ 40 .
1	i am very happy & satisfied with the service .
1	i really do n't praise doctors much but this one is an exception .
1	oh yeah , and did i mention he even has a sense of humor .
1	i love this place .
1	my favorites are pure recharge , berry punch , and caribbean way !
1	quality smoothies and one of my favorite places in this area .
1	my husband is even obsessed !
1	best provider and customer service !
1	if your searching for the best , then stop looking because here he is .
1	i 've had two massages by kari , and both times were great !
1	thank you to everyone i 've encountered there , you 're awesome !
1	i i have been coming here for a year-and-a-half now .
1	we were tired from walking at the strip and this was heaven sent .
1	we will come back for sure !
1	i am so excited to show off my new smile !
1	thank you sooo much true teeth whitening !
1	where target and soccer fields reign supreme .
1	well , no longer !
1	i love this facility .
1	easy to access all of the equipment you need .
1	swimming , cardio equipment , weights , basketball courts ... just the works .
1	the y really does formulate a great deal of community .
1	biggest gripe , as many would agree , is the parking situation .
1	good luck finding a space at 5pm on a weekday .
1	you 'll circle that old building for half an hour before landing a space !
1	i recommend biking if possible .
1	much less of a headache .
1	very nice , helpful , and no-frills .
1	they just do what you need and that 's all .
1	i also love the baskets of bible verses near the entrances/exits .
1	it 's a nice touch .
1	glad to see this organization is focused on the needs of spirituality as well .
1	love being a member here .
1	they have earned my business for life .
1	the delivery is so helpful .
1	the soap is an added bonus .
1	thanks for helping me get my medications on time .
1	the experience is that of walking into a 5 diamond resort spa .
1	i feel genuinely confident recommending this place to anyone !
1	john is really helpful and knows his stuff .
1	i was very impressed with simonmed .
1	very clean professional looking office .
1	highly recommend the copperpoint location .
1	i see nothing wrong with this facility .
1	the triage nurse was the one that surprised me the most .
1	she could hear me cough and actually offered me a cup of water .
1	the doctor was quick and to the point .
1	very nice very clean all employees are very professional and very nice .
1	the denist himself was very informative and helpful .
1	i give this facility 5 out of 5 stars .
1	his staff are all pleasant , amazing , and professional .
1	the office is clean and they conveniently have netflix for pateints .
1	i could n't have asked for a more professional and knowledgeable dentist .
1	i found her on facebook !
1	she is very passionate & compassionate !
1	she absolutely found her `` calling '' .
1	& she truly enjoys the career path she has chosen !
1	i have had numerous health issues the past 6 months , with frequent hospitalizations .
1	she is very knowledgable !
1	looking forward to getting my life back !
1	thank you ashlee..you are truly amazing !
1	american addiction centers was supportive and stuck to a routine which was crucial .
1	entire staff was polite and helpful .
1	will return again in the future for sure .
1	curtis was very knowledgeable and professional .
1	everyone form the front desk to the doctor was very professional and sociable .
1	in addition , it 's a very clean atmosphere and a beautiful office .
1	very warm and welcoming .
1	it 's very nice to see good business managers out there .
1	today i had one of the best therapists i have ever had there .
1	thank you taylor for the awesome job .
1	this place is awesome !
1	call ahead and ask for lynn or danny .
1	i think it has a lot to do with who massaging you .
1	it 's so relaxing and this feeling of rest just comes all over you .
1	i started with a dead sea sat soak .
1	then i had a wonderful massage by james .
1	he was very thorough and professional and really opened up my neck and shoulders .
1	then i did the bio mat ion session .
1	i fell asleep i was so relaxed !
1	very glad i found this place .
1	i agree completely with the other three reviewers .
1	dr. berelowitz is a wonderful doctor and his care has been great .
1	my only complaint is that it is hard to get an appointment .
1	friendliest staff and great massages .
1	i 'm a member and get massages once a month there for $ 69 .
1	always impressed with scheduling and service .
1	facility is very clean and cute !
1	the owner is there frequently and is so sweet !
1	especially my gut '' his reply was `` what gut ? ''
1	there ya go , thanks doc .
1	that was the best answer ever .
1	had a tummy tuck a year ago and still is looking gutless .
1	there is no one better , thanks again doc and kelley his assistant .
1	this was a tranquilizing and much needed massage .
1	joy started in rome , italy and teaches yoga .
1	even with plane fare it is less then in ny .
1	they deserve everyone of these stars .
1	i love dr doubrava .
1	he is so patient and understanding .
1	one evening i called him on a friday .
1	i saw a black shadow in my eye and was petrified .
1	i see dr doubrava a couple times a year to keep tabs on it .
1	he 's very honest and understanding .
1	i did n't get any special lenses .
1	i 'm 80 years old .
1	i am so happy about that .
1	he did a great job .
1	i was going there prior to the change of the new dentist .
1	the office is clean and efficient with barely any waiting time .
1	the staff is very accommodating and friendly .
1	very professional and great team .
1	sara had cleaned my teeth and was so sweet and helpful !
1	great place and quality work .
1	price point is excellent and she 's always on time !
1	this place and the instructors are awesome !
1	i absolutely love that no two workouts are ever the same .
1	i really do n't understand all the negative reviews for this dentist .
1	i have been going here 7+ years and i think she is great .
1	i will continue to go here as the service is top notch .
1	dr. scott has been my doctor for 4 years now .
1	received a massage from ana - she is the worst .
1	her phone was ringing .
1	she scratch my head not massage .
1	she did n't work on mu knots instead i am too skinny .
1	i was checking yelp for a good foot spa .
1	i read all the review and i 'm glad i did .
1	i decided to go and make an appointment with joe .
1	i will be back to see him .
1	i am so pleased with the product and the final outcome .
1	i had braces as a child but my teeth had shifted .
1	everyone should love their smile .
1	got me into the right contact lenses on the first appt .
1	everyone was friendly and i interacted with every employee on my first visit .
1	have already had friends go to see them .
1	i love dr hannah !
1	he changed my life i am 1 year post surgery 100 lbs lighter .
1	i have so much energy and a better life style .
1	supplements are available for purchase , as well as iv treatments and shots .
1	her staff is friendly and provide excellent customer service .
1	she also has later afternoon appointments ( no saturdays ) which makes it convenient .
1	highly recommend this office .
1	he 's *that* good .
1	and some really great business opportunities have presented themselves out of nowhere .
1	i think al had a large part in all of this .
1	give it a shot -- what do you have to lose ?
1	this place was great .
1	will be returning , and it 's on a great location .
1	they overnighted meds my dog needed .
1	and they helped ! !
1	best massage i 've ever had .
1	great atmosphere , service and location .
1	i will be back .
1	i am a regular here so i know the staff .
1	they are super friendly and efficient .
1	i love this location and its convenience
1	i 've been going here for over 2 months .
1	the staff and doctors are very nice and professional .
1	i recommend this place .
1	the facility was clean and had a relaxing vibe .
1	good prices , too .
1	available for emergencies , quick response on critical issues , professional , courteous .
1	extremely happy with this great place !
1	the trainers are very easy going and encouraging .
1	i went in for a lung infection .
1	got there right after they opened and was seen right away .
1	the np was fantastic !
1	she was very kind and extremely thorough .
1	she covered all the bases , prescribing an antibiotic , cough medicine , etc .
1	the exam room was very clean too !
1	the staff is very friendly and helpful .
1	the pharmacists are very knowledgeable .
1	this is a true neighborhood pharmacy !
1	by far the best massage place i 've ever been to ! ! !
1	i always see lisa .
1	she 's such an amazing masseuse !
1	doctor rouhani is awesome .
1	i am super happy with the services and the results .
1	he truly cares about you and the work he puts in .
1	i highly recommend smile concepts .
1	great service , great products , fair prices ... : ) but ! ! !
1	they all said your doctor must of did a great job !
1	i think they are right !
1	thank you dr. daccache .
1	a friend and i went on 9/2/18 and had massages and pedicures .
1	it was extremely crowded .
1	i have been to spas all over the world and this place was crowded .
1	the services were amazing ( massages ) and very good ( pedicures ) .
1	i had elizabeth a perform my massage .
1	hunny ... her 30+ years of experience truly showed .
1	my attendant was very good and was very complimentary of my dry feet .
1	y'all there were no snacks in the spa .
1	they had water and i swear two pitiful looking oranges in the bowl .
1	i was like wth .
1	every spa must have snacks .
1	now i know to ask from here on out !
1	i 'm going to add one more vote of support to the chorus .
1	essence of life has so many great products and the pricing is great .
1	in my opinion , dr. schroeder is the best !
1	i should also note that his staff has been wonderful as well ! !
1	great place cheap prices friendly staff .
1	needless to say we went back multiple times while we where there .
1	this is an awesome shop with a wonderful selection of an eclectic assortment .
1	the owners are helpful on any information you might need .
1	the jewelry in there is even handmade by the owners .
1	i went to the women 's imaging for a routine mammogram .
1	it was that time , my doctor said and i dread these exams .
1	who really likes their body parts being smashed ?
1	i arrived at for my 11:15 am appointment about 40 minutes early .
1	i really love when i do n't have a long wait time .
1	they respected my time and glad everything went smoothly .
1	my thoughts on mammograms now are they are n't that bad .
1	thanks for making this a good experience for me and respecting my time .
1	this is probably the best walk in clinic i 've been to in years .
1	the downside is the wait times but overall the service has been exemplary .
1	receptionists have been courteous and efficient .
1	the doctors have been very professional and more thorough than my family doctor .
1	dr. rick is the best !
1	his injections do n't hurt .
1	he 's conservative with his treatment .
1	he loves what he does .
1	he moved his office into scottsdale and i drive from aj for him .
1	lilly is an amazing hygienist !
1	the office is so friendly , helpful , and professional .
1	dr. davis puts you at ease , answers all questions .
1	and makes you laugh .
1	i would n't go anywhere else .
1	it 's worth every penny you pay !
1	the entire staff here is great !
1	everyone here was very friendly .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	i highly recommend brookstone dental .
1	judy is an excellent hygienist and very knowledgeable .
1	thanks to a great team !
1	we have been here twice now , and both experiences have been wonderful .
1	the staff was very nice and the wait was n't very long .
1	they did n't give us any grief about bringing her in at all .
1	they staff really knows how do handle children and comforts the parents .
1	i will always choose this facility .
1	today my daughter 's regular rmt , stacey grigsby , was unavailable .
1	without periodic massage , neither of us could function .
1	so we opted for a newly hired rmt , natalie aviles .
1	she knew exactly what to do to give my daughter substantial relief from pain .
1	now after an hour 's massage from natalie , she 's feeling much better .
1	you 're in good hands with these people !
1	dr. black was such a great person to give this exam .
1	he was helpful , informed and patient .
1	i recommend this place for your eyecare needs .
1	they got us in and out quickly !
1	on top of everything , our exam and glasses was covered 100 % ! !
1	i scheduled more appointments for my husband and i on the spot ! !
1	she did a good job and i like the result .
1	they may want to communicate a bit better about confirming reservations .
1	came here for the first time today and was very pleased .
1	the cooling spray for numbing was great and it helped tremendously with the pain .
1	the technician was knowledgable and very nice .
1	will be coming back here for sure !
1	i really appreciated how thorough they were with me as well .
1	the guy at check in was very friendly and helpful .
1	megan is very knowledgable and i 've had great results .
1	be sure to try the vi peel !
1	my wife found this place searching the internet .
1	the consultation was awesome and free ! ! ! !
1	amy , suzette , and juanita are awesome .
1	they are compassionate and make you feel like you 're their only patient .
1	our insurance is great but stopped covering fertility , of course !
1	we are seven weeks pregnant as of today .
1	their is no clinic i would choose over green valley fertility partners .
1	mind you this is sunday !
1	checked her vitals , did an ultrasound , gave her an iv .
1	they are the greatest !
1	dr lundgren is a miracle worker !
1	not only is he great but his staff is amazing !
1	we wo n't be going anywhere else !
1	much more reasonably priced than strip spas and a very short taxi ride there .
1	our morning weekend walks always takes us here .
1	great atmosphere and bakery , hot/cold foods .
1	place still looks bustling .
1	i have had a neck injury with herniations , scar tissue and the works .
1	this felt great and increased the range of my neck movement .
1	great service and specials !
1	i really liked carly she takes her time you and answers all your questions !
1	they do n't oversell you like most places !
1	great place , totally worth every penny .
1	i would definitely recommend this place to go to when u want a massage !
1	everyone here is so nice & comforting and welcoming !
1	well , she sure did !
1	she even gave me some stretching exercises to help improve my back problems .
1	you are an angel and a lifesaver !
1	they were very helpful in filling my prescription for my cat .
1	i saw dr. banfield for a root canal yesterday .
1	first of all he is so nice .
1	the money i spent for the laughing gas was well worth it .
1	it made 45 minutes feel like 10 although it was quite funny tasting .
1	i went home with ibuprofen which i took yesterday .
1	would recommend 5000 % .
1	they also call to remind you when you need cleanings .
1	that personal touch goes a long way .
1	mandana kheshtchin and navid javadi are both extremely gentle and personable .
1	they are down to earth and reasonable in their prices .
1	i had a 60 minute massage with maxfield .
1	it felt like a very slow , focused massage that pinpointed troubled areas .
1	also , the place seems very nice , comfortable , and a little fancy .
1	marshall the pharmacist took care of me today .
1	i 've been getting my teeth cleaned here for the past 3 years .
1	i highly recommend this office .
1	the staff is extremely friendly .
1	their services have helped prevent me from getting cavities .
1	so glad i found dr gombert and his fine staff a few years ago .
1	found dr gombert and he 's been just as great as my previous dentist .
1	the entire staff is awesome , from reception to the hygienists .
1	i love cloud nine !
1	i 've been going there for massage for many years .
1	they never keep you wait and the staff is very friendly .
1	i do n't think i 'll ever use another pharmacy .
1	she makes the entire experience informative , fun , comfortable , and easy .
1	you will not be disappointed !
1	i met the owner 's daughter upon arrival .
1	she was super nice and helpful shortly after we walked in .
1	my only disappointment was my purchase on a whisker for the matcha tea .
1	it was $ 20 and it did not work .
1	hence why it was n't working the way it was supposed to .
1	we thought about returning it - but change our mind on our way there .
1	we will order another one via amazon , no biggie .
1	i learned so much with just one trip .
1	the shoes are pricey but it 's totally worth it for the comfort !
1	plus they are n't cheap made in china shoes so the quality is excellent .
1	i only used the travel clinic here and could not be happier !
1	they had flexible hours that worked with my schedule ( open weekends !
1	can you believe that ? ! )
1	dr. van was so great .
1	i decided to come here since they had a great pedicure special going on .
1	( why not ? )
1	when i walked in , i was greeted by everyone .
1	hannah was my nail technician , and she was amazing .
1	i definitely needed a pamper , and this place just went above and beyond .
1	i would definitely recommend this place ! !
1	5 stars all the way !
1	dr. mendenhall is just great !
1	he listens , and is caring .
1	any concerns i have have been addressed or referred to a specialist .
1	well i like a good smelling dental office .
1	he staff and doctors are very nice .
1	dr. gandhi and nancy were simply wonderful .
1	the office is clean and the staff friendly .
1	definitely recommend this place .
1	i 'm wearing contacts for the first time and they are awesome !
1	i 'm excited that i found such a nice group so close to home !
1	they do have saturdays which is helpful .
1	pros : - student discount !
1	i got 10 % off which saved me $ 500 .
1	- personal consultation , which you can cancel at any time .
1	- relaxing pill ( valium ) and massage chairs before your procedure .
1	cons : - dr. stein has a long waiting list !
1	you 'll have to wait a bit before you get an appointment .
1	dr. troupe and the team at polished dental do absolutely outstanding work all around .
1	my entire experience was easy and inviting -- it is such a friendly environment .
1	i am so grateful !
1	you wo n't be disappointed if you make an appointment with megan !
1	i am always happy with my results .
1	she is friendly , easy to talk to , and excellent at her job .
1	my fav place to lunch with friends .
1	it 's the best .
1	i could eat the salad bar every day
1	i am currently going to dr. racanelli for invisalign .
1	i wish most places would keep you in the waiting room so short .
1	they put espn on a flat screen in front of me while they worked .
1	dr. racanelli has good bedside manor and explains everything in great detail .
1	we could n't have done better ... the service is great and very personal .
1	we are so glad we found this family .
1	i love this office !
1	i saw dr. crum for my pregnancy and she was amazing and very knowledgeable .
1	the phlebotomist is best !
1	i will never let anyone else draw my blood .
1	she was always so fast and definitely knows what she is doing .
1	i ca n't imagine going through another pregnancy at another office !
1	had first appointment and really liked dr. wolfson .
1	he took my husband and i together .
1	i have lots of medical problems so he is dealing with them as needed .
1	easy to talk to .
1	had a facial and some injections today .
1	the staff was so friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i 'm so excited to go back and refer all my friends .
1	i 100 % recommend this place .
1	from the moment i walked through the doors i was at ease .
1	2016 is a new year so i figured a new dentist to start fresh .
1	once inside , it is beautiful .
1	it 's very dark yet tranquil and smells like relaxation .
1	i enjoyed my massage from shannon .
1	very professional , clean , and tranquil place .
1	i 'm glad i got to try this place out .
1	rubber flip flops from cvs to the rescue and i was good .
1	it was so needed after a morning of early morning travel .
1	i will definitely be back if needed when i return to vegas .
1	dr. k. has been my doctor for some years now .
1	he is located in the tall building on the children 's sunrise hospital property .
1	i have had nothing but terrific experiences here .
1	some with views and a few with none .
1	those get kinda claustrophobic feeling for me .
1	each room also has beautiful wall art .
1	that 's usually what i spend my time doing while waiting .
1	and it 's not weird having a guy gyno .
1	i completely recommend him to anyone and everyone for gyno services .
1	prompt , reasonable fee , personalized service - finally a vet i trust !
1	vet techs and receptionist are all very friendly and prompt .
1	i usually can get an appointment the same day .
1	we 're glad we were referred to him .
1	we had a toddler with a broken clavicle .
1	doc gave us a figure 8 brace .
1	x-rays are done in-office .
1	great service to us as parents and our little boy who was 2 .
1	i highly recommend him for his professionalism , kindness and beautiful office .
1	his staff are all so kind and helpful .
1	the new facility is stunning .
1	so clean and fresh .
1	the doctors are all very thorough .
1	dr. caplan is great .
1	she listens to the concerns and also respects the parents input and preferences .
1	high quality care here for sure .
1	they are easy to talk to , prompt , professional and flexible .
1	all the way , two thumbs up ; i recommend them with great confidence .
1	my wife and i decided to treat ourselves to couple massages .
1	i was reluctant , but i am so glad we have done it .
1	i look very forward to our monthly couples massage .
1	the staff at gilbert and germanne is very attentive and nice .
1	my wife swears by the salt scrub foot treatment !
1	the therapists are top notch as well ! !
1	i like the staff and the wait time is always short !
1	i started training 4 weeks ago with seth .
1	the first few sessions were tough .
1	i began getting stronger right away , and appreciated the encouragement from seth .
1	thanks to seth for helping me get my body and strength back !
1	had my cleaning today and it was great and fast service !
1	i saw hieu , dr wong and zabee !
1	thanks for a stress free visit !
1	this place is as good as it gets .
1	-and finally ... free meal at noodles & co. with your visit receipt !
1	i mean what ? !
1	i have found my dentist !
1	i really loved all the help and great customer service !
1	yeah i guess u could say i like the place .
1	for a fresh change he is not that businessman only thinking of profit .
1	his medical knowledge is second to none .
1	he also exhibits an exemplary bedside manner .
1	he literally will hold your hand throughout the whole process .
1	he is also very honest about treatment .
1	standing next to dr. fisch is his staff .
1	this is honestly the best dental office i 've ever been to .
1	i came in with severe sinus pressure and congestion .
1	after a week of dealing with this i was at my breaking point !
1	the staff here was so nice and efficient !
1	they really made my whole experience here great !
1	i could n't believe how gracious , efficient and caring this office was !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	he was very concerned and actively involved in my treatment .
1	i ca n't put in words how amazing this place is .
1	i have always been nervous coming into the dentist for any reason .
1	blown away by this place and will be a customer for life !
1	this place is always busy .
1	would recommend for 2 to 4 people .
1	the quinoa onion rings are delicious - order it with chipotle mayo .
1	i also love their hot sauce .
1	i 'm not vegan or vegetarian and i 've enjoyed everything i 've tried .
1	not only is this location beautiful but the staff is very friendly and helpful !
1	they have definitely helped me change my opinion of dentists .
1	i had n't even thought of reviewing roadrunner until i saw someone else 's .
1	my siberian husky was diagnosed with valley fever and prescribed fluconazole .
1	( sometimes a toy , sometimes treats . )
1	and so it went for about a year .
1	then i moved to san diego .
1	apparently , valley fever is not so common there .
1	then i got the price for a month supply of fluconazole .
1	same pills , same dosage , triple the price ! !
1	we took our dog to the animal hospital as a last resort .
1	every vet who saw her x-rays said we needed to do surgery immediately .
1	they stood to make a great profit off of both hips .
1	would highly recommend if you 're looking for a professional , kind atmosphere !
1	i have nerve pain in my feet and the sea salt massage is wonderful .
1	i go there now after every work out .
1	the food here is really great !
1	i had the falafel tacos and quinoa onion rings .
1	the tacos are super messy .
1	they also have really good hot sauce .
1	once i got my food though , the service was pretty nonexistent .
1	this place also gets pretty packed .
1	they do have a patio to sit outside as well .
1	i 'll be back , and hopefully service will be better next time .
1	probably one of the most unique spa experiences i 've had .
1	i had the one hour reflexology ( whole body ) plus shampoo .
1	the head massage is fantastic !
1	ask for jenny -- she does a great job !
1	clean , serene atmosphere , great value and an overall relaxing , therapeutic experience !
1	for a ymca , the dowd is an awesome gym .
1	the athletic conditioning class is no joke !
1	you will 100 % be sore the next day .
1	i also go to the morning spin classes .
1	the instructors vary by day , but there 's a great mix .
1	in addition , this year they did a million dollar reno .
1	and once the reno is 100 % complete it will be really awesome !
1	i love everyone there .
1	the staff and dentist are very helpful and attentive to my needs .
1	they left me smiling and i look forward to my next cleaning .
1	i had a wisdom tooth removed at this office earlier this week .
1	dr bond and his staff were great !
1	they deserve the 5 stars i 'm giving them !
1	this is definitely one of the most comfortable offices for gynecological visits .
1	dr quinn is a very good dentist and i never feel any pain .
1	i 've been going to this dentist for over 4 years now !
1	thumbs up for the dr and his staff !
1	they also call to remind you when you need cleanings .
1	that personal touch goes a long way .
1	mandana kheshtchin and navid javadi are both extremely gentle and personable .
1	they are down to earth and reasonable in their prices .
1	i went to charles for juvederm lip injections .
1	i had gotten my lips injected elsewhere and was very unhappy with them .
1	charles is super friendly and made sure i felt comfortable during the whole experience .
1	at $ 29 for a single visit you ca n't beat it .
1	they first go over your problems so they can focus on a specific area .
1	i have referred several people to the joint .
1	i had a broken wisdom tooth with a cavity .
1	i was in and out in less than an hour .
1	everyone was friendly and professional .
1	i even got a shirt !
1	he listened , did n't rush me through anything - i was definitely satisfied !
1	phew ... these things are usually hit or miss .
1	and it was amazing ! !
1	this was our first visit but it wo n't be our last .
1	great options , prices and service , fantastic place !
1	i had a really great experience with affordable dentures and implants .
1	something you can probably only appreciate if you 've been in a similar situation .
1	my mom had trouble holding still and repeatedly failed to follow instructions .
1	carlos never stopped smiling and encouraging her .
1	jennifer assisted with the surgery .
1	she was incredibly kind , gentle , and thoughtful .
1	dr. athari has an amazing sense of calm about him .
1	he walked us through everything and talked to us throughout the procedure .
1	always helpful , knowledgeable , kind , and gentle .
1	it took a day to get a call back to schedule .
1	we waited a little while in the office too .
1	that 's worth waiting for .
1	overall , they work like a well-oiled machine .
1	we got to meet the whole team , including their on-site lab techs .
1	every single person met us with a smile and kind words .
1	i can not thank dr. athari enough for creating an environment like this .
1	that 's a major difference worth noting .
1	they also have an on-site lab , which saves costs as well .
1	anyway , again , sending a huge thank-you to dr. athari and his staff .
1	you guys are beyond awesome .
1	the staff at spectrum dermatology is wonderful , everyone is so kind and helpful .
1	thank you lauren , you 're the best !
1	the people who works here are very nice and helpful .
1	they accept most insurance as well .
1	thank you , lisa .
1	happy to give dr. rehl the 5 stars he deserves .
1	i would give him 10 !
1	i just needed to know that this was going to be addressed with laura .
1	i recently had an eye appointment here and had a very good experience .
1	the staff were friendly and provided prompt services .
1	they were knowledgeable about my insurance benefits and selection of eyeglasses .
1	i am a repeat customer there and will return again for any concerns .
1	i definitely recommend this place for your vision and eyewear needs !
1	love coming to dr. pfondevida !
1	always has time for our family , and his staff are amazing !
1	tyler and kristine go above and beyond in customer service !
1	we are happy with everything and have been customers now for almost 3 years !
1	the entire staff are amazing and i ca n't recommend them enough .
1	today i had a mammogram at the ahwatukee simonmed imaging office .
1	laura was so kind and professional .
1	the exam was less painful than normal , and she was quick to finish .
1	i would highly recommend anyone needing a mammogram to request laura .
1	dr malek is a true artist i would recommend him to anyone ! !
1	i have referred friends of mine to him for botox etc ..
1	i highly recommend this location as i have seen great results .
1	he helped and after 3 treatments the pain and knots were gone .
1	i would recommend him to anyone .
1	i 'm from portland but visit scottsdale often .
1	the staff from the front desk to doctors were amazing .
1	there is a big difference between given options and a sales pitch .
1	i 'll be back soon !
1	however , the last time they were spot on .
1	while i was there , the nurses and doctors were great .
1	i was scared and they were so reponsive and kind .
1	wonderful front desk staff smiled right when i walked it .
1	saw molly m , who was very pleasant and helpful .
1	beautiful office and well organized .
1	i was able to get an appointment last minute too !
1	my masseuse rebecca , was amazing !
1	you could tell she was very experienced .
1	great service , friendly staff .
1	thank you charles for making me feel pretty .
1	i love my lips .
1	you 're a true artist .
1	i can tell how much you love what you do .
1	i ca n't thank you enough .
1	you 're awesome & your staff makes me feel so comfortable .
1	the dentist took his time to explain my treatment options .
1	his staff is super nice and the office clean .
1	i actually had a pleasant experience .
1	i went in for a root canal .
1	dr ike hardy strikes me as knowledgeable , skilled , and trustworthy .
1	he really makes you feel you 're in good hands .
1	the staff were nice and friendly .
1	i had the best pedicure ever here !
1	the spa food i ordered was delicious and tasted pretty healthy .
1	one dish is enough for 2people to share .
1	downside : i had a chatty cathy getting a pedicure next to me .
1	the tea that they had tasted artificially sweetened .
1	i was horrified , as i stay far away from unhealthy preservatives .
1	i stuck with water .
1	the spa pool was nothing to write home about .
1	definitely was not relaxing at all .
1	lots of loud people drinking too much .
1	it 's easy to make an appointment and they usually run on time .
1	we 're able to access all medical appointment notes from home which is awesome !
1	we definitely recommend her !
1	they released my back pain .
1	i can walk upright again .
1	i will go back my next trip .
1	he is so personable and trustworthy .
1	he knows what he 's doing and makes you feel comfortable .
1	i 've gotten botox , dysport and juvederm with him .
1	he has a great eye for perfection .
1	i recommend everyone to him .
1	thank you charles for always making me feel my best !
1	before stepping into the doors , i have never taken a cross fit class .
1	i have to say , these trainers blew my mind ! !
1	how awesome is that ! !
1	the place is so clean and organized .
1	the instructors ... fantastic ! !
1	they really focus on safety and are really motivating .
1	everyone was so welcoming and did n't show anything they could n't do .
1	if you sign up , you 're getting more then your money 's worth !
1	these guys are really passionate about what they do and mean business !
1	but are also fun and are really inspiring .
1	my extended family and i have been going there for years .
1	this is a great place to get a very inexpensive facial .
1	i love the product lines they use , hylunia and rhonda allison .
1	i brought my husband here for a fever and nausea .
1	the front desk staff was friendly and efficient .
1	the entire center was very clean and well kept .
1	the doctors and nurses we interacted with with also very friendly and efficient .
1	would definitely recommend if you 're not feeling well !
1	my first time here and was very pleased with the customer service all around .
1	they have a really nice selection of glasses also .
1	staff was kind and courteous
1	so i 'm back yet again with worsening asthma symptoms .
1	their appointment system sucks ! ! !
1	u have to leave a message and then they 'll call you back .
1	and it 's always nice and cool in there which is a plus .
1	hence my pain ay quest labs yesterday .
1	it was a really quick visit but i did n't feel rushed at all .
1	as i exited chaos inside where the doctors gather , i mean utter chaos .
1	i mean really care ! ! !
1	visited the scottsdale office today with our daughter .
1	can honestly say it was the best office visit our family has ever experienced .
1	not to mention the quickest appointment ever ! !
1	everyone we had the pleasure of interacting with was very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	highly recommend dr. hrasky and his pa trent !
1	i 've come here for a prp facial , botox and fillers .
1	the staff is always very accommodating and friendly .
1	on top of that , their prices are fantastic .
1	i see kristen for tattoo removal and she is amazing !
1	she made such a difference in my tattoo after one session .
1	i had had four prior sessions somewhere else and the results were very different .
1	dr bates was very insightful and pleasant to discuss the options for my pain .
1	i would recommend him to others .
1	dr. burdorf and his staff are great , very easy going and personable .
1	appointments are easy to book and waiting times are very little .
1	dr. burdorf has helped my neck feel much better and stronger .
1	we would highly recommend rescue my speech !
1	dr gettelman is awesome !
1	i have been terrified of dentists of any kind for my entire life .
1	he cares about your concerns and has a very calming demeanor .
1	ca n't say enough about this wonderful professional .
1	ca n't thank him enough for making my dental visit comfortable .
1	i had scrub wrap massage package .
1	i will go back ! ! !
1	this location is so much better than the umc clinic mom visited for years .
1	mom is now here due to her doctor having transferred recently .
1	we were greeted immediately and seen very quickly with no wait time .
1	jay was so amazing .
1	he was so caring , gentle , and kind .
1	we were in great hands and are so thankful .
1	our little girl even received a popsicle afterward .
1	i highly recommend this location .
1	thank you so much for taking such great care of our girl tonight !
1	we recently had another little girl who we also have seen here .
1	dr. ankrah is their primary doctor , but we 've also seen dr. ball .
1	they are both wonderful .
1	dr becky has been amazing for my children .
1	we love you dr becky !
1	the massage was awesome .
1	really worked out some soreness .
1	beautiful studio , peaceful and relaxing .
1	nichola ( aka kerry washington ) was the bomb !
1	my daughter had to get braces and was very nervous .
1	nichola was awesome and made my babes experience the best .
1	the entire staff seems awesome .
1	i would like to also thank the lady that handled the billing .
1	absolute dental is the absolute bomb !
1	thank you guys ! !
1	medshape made me lose 27 ponds in 3 weeks !
1	the workers at medshape are really nice .
1	judy gerber is the best at this .
1	her home office is clean and her rates are very reasonable .
1	i have been using her for many years ( hormones change ) .
1	i had a liposuction procedure this morning .
1	the staff was there 15 minutes early .
1	made me very comfortable in the lobby .
1	i am a regular shopper , great store for prices and convenience .
1	my only caution , check the expiry dates on everything .
1	i highly recommend above & beyond acupuncture .
1	i was not sleeping and was becoming irritable , anxious and depressed .
1	the md recommended non-steroidals , more cortisone injections , and most likely surgery .
1	i was not satisfied with this plan !
1	paul employed cupping and acupuncture and had me out of pain in no time .
1	i have no numbness or tingling , am sleeping peacefully and exercising again .
1	i feel like i have my life back !
1	the office is very peaceful and paul exudes a calming , healing energy .
1	i saw sarah for several months while living in las vegas .
1	sarah was incredibly helpful to me during a very difficult time in my life .
1	sarah was easy to open up to and her guidance was a tremendous help .
1	one of the best counseling experiences i 've been a part of .
1	treated my daughter so well .
1	i finally got the answers i was looking for regarding my daughters skin issues .
1	i 'm so thankful for this office !
1	we left here so relaxed .
1	we kind of just randomly stopped in here one day because of the location .
1	the owner explained all of the services and benefits to us .
1	she even recommended some tea from her country , which was delicious !
1	we both got a 60 minute massage , which was absolutely amazing .
1	in fact the best massage i 've ever had .
1	tip- do n't wear makeup !
1	we booked an appointment in the morning for same day service .
1	they have lockers for your belongings and shoes .
1	we 'll be back !
1	my review is for 3/17/16 .
1	i was a first-time customer and found out about this place through groupon .
1	yaaaay ! ! ! ! !
1	open til 9pm 7 days a week .
1	i 'd refer him to anyone !
1	heather gave me a 90 minute deep tissue massage and she was awesome .
1	he always leaves exhausted but happy & feeling amazing .
1	the front office staff deserves 5 stars as well .
1	michael is a master at managing all kinds of pain .
1	dr tobin took great care of me .
1	i no longer have to change batteries every few days , what a relief .
1	this place is amazing .
1	i was puking all night and had an extremely high temp .
1	which is awesome , if you 've ever been to an er .
1	they typically take a few hours , not a couple .
1	they were all very friendly !
1	and it was a wonderful experience !
1	what a night and day difference between that place and sw spine and sport .
1	i have seen dr. wolff and dr. komar and ashley the nurse .
1	they are all so incredibly nice , patient , caring and knowledgable .
1	and they have done a great job .
1	i have had much relief under their care !
1	the oral surgeon , dr. baddam was so fast and efficient .
1	christine totally put me at ease and calmed me down .
1	these girls are very skilled at what they do .
1	their kindness will never be forgotten and truly give hope to doctors out there .
1	no doubt you will want to go there for the best care !
1	shout out to danielle for you constant support , encouragement and heart of service .
1	jamy and i thank you all , from the bottom of our hearts ... .
1	this was the best decision i have made .
1	thank you for providing my family with the best care .
1	we chose the brand and flavor ... and guess what ?
1	they were out of stock until monday .
1	i could n't have been any happier .
1	the tooth matched my existing veneers perfectly .
1	thank you dr. chow for being so patient with me !
1	very nice , comfortable and unpretentious place .
1	professional and courteous staff and massage-therapists .
1	ca n't go wrong with this convenient and accessible 'spa ' .
1	after taking the tests with the optometrist i was introduced to dr. marc .
1	i really appreciate dr. marc for the honesty and professionalism .
1	i was visiting las vegas and dropped in at this great box .
1	omar is a boss- great coach with a great vibe about him .
1	we 'll be back whenever we 're in vegas again !
1	carmel foot specialists at the park rd .
1	office was welcoming , attentive , friendly , and thorough .
1	the staff made me feel comfortable despite by broken foot .
1	the doctors and tech staff were willing and ready answer any questions i had .
1	i highly recommend dr. kaiser and dr. miller for all of your foot needs .
1	i was in charlotte on vacation and needed immediate attention .
1	i was able to be scheduled quickly and get everything i needed .
1	he listens to your concerns and does n't rush through your appointment .
1	his office is one of a kind-exquisite !
1	i felt like i was at a spa not at the dentist ! ! !
1	karina gave a fabulous massage .
1	so relaxing and wonderful .
1	michaella was a fabulous hair stylist .
1	she did exactly what i had hoped for my hair and it looked terrific !
1	i was so happy .
1	i ca n't recommend them enough !
1	a very warm , welcoming , relaxing , non-intimidating salon .
1	hiteck does not offer this service but prints them on the spot for you .
1	we had marie for the anatomy scan some weeks back and she was amazing .
1	so i made an appointment here and they got me in that same week .
1	i am sooooo happy i chose those office to go to .
1	the receptionists were very intelligent and kind .
1	i noticed they all made very good eye contact .
1	i also never waited more than 5-10 minutes for my appointment .
1	the dental assistant was one of the nicest people i 've met .
1	the doctor was phenomenal .
1	his name is dr. chow .
1	appreciate too for the new customer discount nicole gave to me .
1	definitely a place to stop when next in vegas !
1	absolutely worth my 5 star rating !
1	dr gawley is confident , optimistic and easy to talk to .
1	when i visit the radiologist and oncologist , they 've all complimented his work .
1	if i could give dr. vanyo-novak ten stars i would .
1	she is friendly , understanding , and empathic .
1	she listens and explains .
1	very happy to have found her .
1	dr susan wilder is truly the best of the best .
1	i wholeheartedly recommend both her and lifescape medical !
1	it has been nothing but a positive experience .
1	i always had a great experienced every time i come here .
1	mia , did a great job as always .
1	job was excellent with my teeth cleaning .
1	she 's friendly and caring .
1	dr. khorshid and his assistant martina , thank you for the amazing service .
1	hence why it caught my eye .
1	puny i know but stick with me here .
1	i had to head over to pick up his glasses .
1	when i walked in.. it looked like a eye glasses spa .
1	will be making myself an appointment soon as well !
1	every person i have been in contact with are friendly and patient .
1	this time i had kevin as my massage therapist .
1	he is , by far , the best i have ever had .
1	and i 've had many masseuses .
1	even some i visited regularly .
1	i am so grateful for the skills these therapist have .
1	thank you so very much kevin !
1	i will be back !
1	we drive 45 minutes to come here !
1	dr. randi rubenzik treats my 13 year old daughter with such respect !
1	her assistant , danielle , is just the same !
1	we will continue to make this our primary dermatologist !
1	everyone was very friendly , professional and helpful .
1	after a brief chat with her , i met the hygienist .
1	arrive in advance as parking is a bit hard to find in dormont .
1	we visited the spa yesterday for a treatment and massage .
1	may come back again but just letting everyone know this is what they do .
1	i 'm so happy i found this place !
1	10/10 highly recommend ! ! !
1	the shop is still around !
1	as an mma fighter , i absolutely love request a test .
1	i 've used them twice already and they 're awesome .
1	you can create an account and your results are online for download anytime .
1	once i got over my issues , i found angel dentistry .
1	it has been a completely different experience and they have been nothing but wonderful .
1	thank goodness my insurance got switched back and i can now resume my visits !
1	happy girl and happy teeth !
1	and dr mcnulty and no & si sure as hell came through .
1	and the office is kind of run down honestly .
1	i was pretty shocked when they took me anyway .
1	i would 've been fine coming back the next day .
1	from beginning to end , a good experience .
1	easy check in , smooth sailing through judic 's tech meeting .
1	the optometrist was friendly and efficient .
1	thanks for making it easy !
1	will definitely send friends and family here .
1	first time here for a specialty prescription .
1	double checked with me before filling script .
1	seats for waiting with a tv .
1	easy , strip center parking .
1	nice part of town too !
1	had the thai burger , fries with miso gravy ... ..fantastic ... ..
1	i love stopping here to pick up healthy supplies .
1	they have canidae dog food which is wonderful and my pet loves it .
1	i 'm not a vegetarian but i love the food here !
1	the flavours are all very innovative and i always leave feeling very satisfied .
1	i highly recommend this place ! ! !
1	caitlin who helped my friend and i signed in was super friendly and informative .
1	love , love , love this office !
1	everyone is so nice and helpful !
1	dr. kelly virnig is the jam !
1	best eye doctor around !
1	i followed her too this office from a different office she use-to work at !
1	i have had the best experience at synergy .
1	my pt ben has worked so well with me .
1	my first visit i had a brace and a walker .
1	by the end of my first hour he had me walking unassisted .
1	the attention and care by all the employees surpassed my expectations .
1	i can not say enough wonderful things about synergy .
1	what a great group of professional , knowledgeable and kind people .
1	i highly recommend this place for a great massage in charlotte .
1	i was riding my mtn bike on blue diamond and cimarron .
1	i got hit n run from behind and was knocked unconscious .
1	i spent 3 months in hospital ( 1 month in coma ) .
1	i 'm now going to ati for therapy .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	they are patient and get you on the road to recovery .
1	i especially recommend jenna and lupe .
1	they have nice place and great job teams massage  i like so much .
1	it is really nice place and the service is great !
1	the price is reasonable !
1	i definitely will come back again and bring my friends also .
1	i always feel better after a visit to the joint and highly recommend them .
1	one of the best pediatric dental offices i 've been to .
1	i love the interior design of the place .
1	their whole office has a sea life type theme .
1	he made the girls smile and feel comfortable .
1	dr. wrye is awesome !
1	awesome , amazing , honest , gentle .
1	dr. crow is the best .
1	i told him no thanks and went with a friends referral to dr. crow .
1	dr. crow and staff i can not thank you enough .
1	i am out of pain .
1	tooth fixed and done right .
1	did n't break the bank either .
1	thank you so much .
1	and the chips with hummus .
1	i would come back here again but with specific products in mind .
1	and get cash back at many places ... including whole foods !
1	that money can be used as credit for your next ride .
1	i switched to dr. vicuna last year and could n't be happier !
1	she 's very knowledgeable and makes the appointment an enjoyable one .
1	her staff is also great as well .
1	this is the best dentist office i have ever been to .
1	yes nasty plaque and calculus .
1	so , i come back another day to meet with susanne , the hygienist .
1	this is where the real fun started .
1	yes , a deep cleaning and espn all at the same time .
1	what more could you ask for ?
1	if you can request susanne for your cleaning you 'll be happy .
1	my wife and i both were .
1	but she got me in right away .
1	the dentist , dr. whelan did some beautiful work on my sons teeth today !
1	happy i found them for my kids !
1	this place is amazing .
1	dr. r is wonderful .
1	his office is spotless and his staff take care of themselves .
1	they also work with you financially if you do n't have insurance .
1	i highly recommend him .
1	he may cost a little more than others but the quality is worth it .
1	i recently decided to move forward with invisalign .
1	dr r and chelsey were wonderful explains everything so i have a positive experience .
1	you get what you pay for and they are competitive with pricing !
1	the best dentist ! ! ! !
1	this man is a wonderful , gentle and caring doctor .
1	i have found my new forever dentist .
1	when do you hear that kind of review ?
1	this gym features erika waltz cardio dance on sundays at 9:00am .
1	she is the most amazing dancer .
1	she also teaches thursday mornings but sadly i have to work ! !
1	do not miss out ! !
1	you will forget you 're exercising because you 'll be having so much fun !
1	... and i would not miss a chance to train with pfs and brandon .
1	to call premier fitness systems .
1	i 've been here a few times .
1	i am always able to relax even while i 'm waiting for my appt .
1	denise did my facial tonite .
1	annie is my choice for massage , she is incredible .
1	i like this place !
1	the juice flavours and options are limitless and very tasty .
1	would recommend to anyone !
1	booked a swedish massage here with my friend while visiting vegas .
1	we had a great time !
1	the price was very reasonable , especially compared to spas at the hotel .
1	just off the strip .
1	took a cab , and got there in a few minuets .
1	the place was very clean and friendly .
1	i absolutely love the dcor .
1	you definitely feel like you 're in vegas !
1	this is a great place for relaxation !
1	it started off with being picked up by their own transportation .
1	then i got the most relaxing massage , followed by a mani and pedi .
1	this was all included in one package which is such a great deal !
1	it was hard to make out the car since they match every other vehicle .
1	2 ) use no chip nail polish .
1	once i left the spa , i noticed my nails smushed a bit .
1	i was getting married that day and i was a bit disappointed by that .
1	within a day , the polish broke off .
1	other than that , i would highly recommend this place !
1	staff is friendly and appointments run on time .
1	dr. bates has excellent bed side manner .
1	my back and shoulder issues are resolving which i am grateful .
1	my whole family goes to sunrise dental !
1	i always tell people who are looking for a new dentist to go here !
1	we love everyone in the office .
1	beverly , the dental hygienist , gives the most thorough cleanings .
1	she really takes her time and is very efficient .
1	you can tell that she really loves what she does .
1	dr. seto is great too !
1	she very nice and give very thorough exams !
1	they are all very accommodating and considerate .
1	i 've been going to dr. weingartens office for a few months now .
1	he did my ear & nose surgery he is awesome !
1	the staff is nice too which you do n't see very often .
1	i would definitely recommend this office .
1	i finally found dr. bernard from lifesigns ! !
1	dr. bernard is actually the best dr. in town .
1	he 's so amicable and personal .
1	like the old school drs .
1	thanks again , welltrac .
1	the atmosphere and professionalism was excellent .
1	the staff was definitely the best part of my experience .
1	chad took my imagination with my mris .
1	he was absolutely fantastic .
1	he was knowledgeable and thorough .
1	i could n't of asked for a better experience .
1	simonmed in henderson puts all other radiological practices to shame .
1	thank you to everyone at simonmed henderson , you all are amazing .
1	thank you for your help !
1	i was very pleased with the service i received from pearson eyecare group .
1	that never happened and i have been stuck with glasses ever since .
1	i am now a contact wearer again !
1	yelping i found great reviews on pain stop n. scottsdale and dr. mitch .
1	i have degenerated disc and arthritis .
1	no pain pills just great care .
1	recently had 3 wisdom teeth removed , the bottom ones were impacted .
1	they made my experience super relaxed & easy .
1	5 stars would absolutely recommended to anyone in the area for the best care .
1	i love everyone here !
1	i had a great first experience , warm greeting for my consultation .
1	in all , we highly recommend this practice .
1	that is ob gyn burt webb , md .
1	along came dr. webb to my rescue .
1	he is compassionate and thorough .
1	his staff is great .
1	charlotte is a skilled ultrasound tech and amanda is welcoming and thorough .
1	front office is proficiant and accommodating .
1	office wait time was minimal .
1	east to get an appointment .
1	medicine in the usa is not practiced that way .
1	it is her responsibility to have her records forwarded to her new physician .
1	her review sounds hysterical and it is very unfair .
1	would i recommend dr. burt webb ?
1	if you want one of the very best , the answer is yes !
1	i am bummed to see a 1 star .
1	not to mention the guy at the window joe , is super nice .
1	he remembers little things .
1	i ca n't imagine bad customer service at this location .
1	great establishment with wonderful staff .
1	absolutely would recommend to a friend !
1	do yourself a favor and book an appointment !
1	i took my dog to agape and it is like night and day .
1	my dog could barely move or lift her head on our first visit .
1	we tweaked her diet and dr b worked her muscles and did gentle adjustments .
1	after 3 visits lucy is a new dog .
1	arcadia well woman was the best !
1	had a specific situation with insurance , etc .
1	staff is friendly and help you correct any bad form while doing the routine .
1	if you 're looking for a professional , this is the place ! ! !
1	love , love love !
1	dr. candace and dr. emily are fantastic and treat you with respect .
1	love being treated and love the acupuncture .
1	his staff is awesome as well .
1	would recommend him definitely !
1	dr quan is amazing .
1	i 've got to tell you , it was not fun .
1	he showed me a few gentle exercises which i did as recommended .
1	he wanted me to come back four days later .
1	i did n't see any improvement but kept my appointment .
1	more deep massage , etc .
1	this time he did electro acupuncture .
1	this session was easier ; massage , acupuncture , and cupping .
1	typically a pain cycle like this will last three months .
1	i 'm so glad i found dr quan !
1	the office is comfortable and spa-like .
1	they will even text you if you like to communicate that way .
1	this place is quite the opposite .
1	every detail is paid attention to .
1	i would recommend every healthy pregnant woman to deliver here .
1	i would have paid twice as much to have such an amazing experience .
1	never once did i think i needed a hospital or any kind of intervention .
1	i was so empowered that i was able to block out the pain .
1	we were back home in our own bed just a few hours afterwards .
1	her class was a powerful experience and she even takes pictures during the birth .
1	i chose babymoon inn because they do so much more than midwifery .
1	they have nurses , lactation consultants , classes , massages , and a doula .
1	it was also far more professional .
1	i will definitely deliver all of my future children there !
1	i have had really great experiences with dr. mcadams and his team .
1	everyone at the office was really friendly .
1	good dental practices do exist !
1	the owner is friendly and extremely accommodating !
1	will definitely visit whenever i 'm on carson !
1	so glad we did !
1	i had full body massage $ 30 for 1hr .
1	felt like a $ 150 massage !
1	forgot her name sorry !
1	i was referred to dr berardi after being diagnosed with breast cancer .
1	i never regretted my decision .
1	we never felt rushed or foolish for asking a multitude of questions .
1	a pre-cancerous lesion was identified on my nose by dr. rubinzik .
1	then a mohs procedure by dr. kim with closure by dr. stutman .
1	can not say enough about all the staff , very courteous and prompt .
1	angela is an excellent masseuse !
1	she is just amazing .
1	she combines many different techniques and tailors the massage to your needs .
1	she is very knowledgeable with anatomy & the different mechanisms that cause injury .
1	i definitely recommend her !
1	eternal thanks to optician jason l. ! ! ! !
1	i was there last week to get glasses for my niece .
1	truly thank you jason .
1	you have our family 's love , respect and gratitude .
1	this is a great medical spa with a good prices and friendly staff .
1	everyone was very friendly and professional and made me feel at ease .
1	pam was my hygienist and she was excellent .
1	in need of an amazing massage ?
1	have knots the size of baseballs ?
1	do n't care about ambience or decor ?
1	want to walk out feeling good and revitalized ?
1	look no further than tokyo shiatsu clinic aka suzuki shiatsu at the beaches/the beach .
1	it 's a one-room clinic with massage tables .
1	it 's a good thing you keep your clothes on , huh ?
1	all the staff were very kind and good with my sick baby .
1	i 'm so glad my baby was able to get relief so quickly !
1	i made my appointment and was seen very quickly .
1	the staff is so friendly and available to answer questions or concerns .
1	i had a regular exam , x-ray and teeth cleaning .
1	my teeth have never been so clean .
1	he checked for everything regarding the mouth and even lymph nodes and tonsils .
1	i have never had this level of service from a dental office .
1	they have won a new patient over .
1	this will definitely be my hme dental office going forward .
1	other places charge 150-250 $ just for consultation .
1	not an urgent care place more like a check up place .
1	i had a really bad rash all over my legs .
1	i took the medication and it actually cleared up my rash .
1	great experience worth the wait .
1	recommend this place if you have no insurance .
1	so happy to find this place !
1	everyone is so nice and professional .
1	they really make sure that you are completely satisfied with your massage .
1	i will continue to come back once a month !
1	been coming here for over a year now .
1	dr clark is amazing .
1	neck and back adjustments .
1	overall , it was a very positive experience and we set up future appointments .
1	her assistant chance is also great .
1	i 'm normally very fearful of the doctor but this place is awesome !
1	staff has always been nice to me and always get treated properly .
1	i had my first thai massage today and it was extraordinary .
1	it 's been called passive yoga and that 's what it felt like .
1	i am 63 and used to be quite flexible .
1	dominic stretched and pulled my limbs and muscles like i was young again .
1	prices were very reasonable .
1	facility was new and clean .
1	this therapy has been integral to my recovery .
1	i 'm able to sleep peacefully , enjoy more flexibility and move without pain !
1	i had shoulder trouble for 2 years !
1	i could hardly move my left arm without pain .
1	i tried everything short of having surgery !
1	a friend of mine suggested acupuncture as an alternative .
1	well i was sooo desperate i thought what the heck ! !
1	dr lee was really nice and very comforting .
1	especially to someone who had never done acupuncture .
1	within 2 visits i was able to move my arm without pain ! !
1	after 5 visits i had full range of motion ! !
1	of course your mileage may vary .
1	in other words your results may differ .
1	and let me tell you i have made some doozies ! ! !
1	my shoulder and i can not recommend dr lee enough ! !
1	artistic created boutique instead of the typical clinical `` sterile '' looking optical space !
1	notice the displays ... nice touch !
1	so your insurance will be footing part of the bill !
1	they have plenty of great looking less typical eyewear for men !
1	plenty of styles for ladies too !
1	many brands i have heard of and a few i have not !
1	wish they had some they did not !
1	near `` al 's pizza ''
1	best choice i 've ever made .
1	i got 2 teeth extracted on my 1st visit like nothing .
1	the facilities are beautiful and liked that they use new technologies too .
1	definitely would recommend it to family and friends .
1	they suggested meds , ice , and `` rest until you feel better '' .
1	that is a band-aid , not a cure !
1	my teeth got 5-6 shades whiter and the process was painless .
1	treat yourself to a younger smile !
1	you 'll be glad you did !
1	at least i sure am !
1	thank you true teeth whitening !
1	i 'll be back for maintenance every 6-12 months because i love these results !
1	i discovered this place on yelp and i 'm hooked .
1	i 'm halfway through my treatment and i am seeing fantastic results .
1	the technicians who work there know exactly what they are doing .
1	i loved robin and nancy ! !
1	i highly recommend this place if you 're looking to get laser hair treatment .
1	they 're affordable , offer discounts , and care about their clients .
1	this place was awesome .
1	i had my very first mri done here this morning .
1	todd took care of me and did my mri .
1	he made me feel so comfortable !
1	i was nervous before going in but he made me feel very calm .
1	i highly recommend this office .
1	tribe classes : i am coming up on my fifth season of tribe classes .
1	i have tried core , life and fit .
1	i love them all ! !
1	justin , sandy and ericka have been my trainers thus far .
1	all are engaging , encouraging and personable .
1	i work with some teammates and others are members of the gym .
1	this gym is the best ! ! !
1	the facility is always clean .
1	every time im there , you see young staff working hard and with smiles .
1	the bathrooms are well stocked with refreshments and they always smell good .
1	other perks : owner is always there and says hello .
1	they knew exactly where needed to be worked on .
1	never felt like they were rushing .
1	we will be coming back on our next visit to vegas .
1	other than that , this place is great .
1	the selection is the best i 've seen .
1	the customer service is never anything but perfect .
1	go see thomas , he will take good care of you .
1	dr. lawyer is a fantastic doctor .
1	he spends time with me and makes sure my lenses are perfect !
1	the office support staff are welcoming , friendly , and efficient .
1	let me start by saying , i never write reviews , good or bad .
1	that being said , i 've been to shea women 's care twice now .
1	my appointments are usually early morning and the wait time is almost non-existent .
1	the nurse practitioner , nancy jorgensen , is so wonderful !
1	i immediately felt at ease once i met her .
1	i honestly ca n't say enough good things about her !
1	as far as the staff , i thought they were very efficient and friendly .
1	but we love dr.garcia just the same !
1	she is attentive , thorough , caring , and knows what she 's doing .
1	the staff is wonderful as well .
1	you wear comfortable clothing and do not undress like a typical massage .
1	you could n't beat it !
1	i normally pay one dollar per hour back in nh .
1	on my second visit i asked for specific areas to concentrate on .
1	if you are ever in the area you must give them a try !
1	they are a full service fertility practice conveniently located in henderson .
1	gvfp provided all of that and more .
1	you 'll love this team !
1	i have used dr morley for 3 years .
1	he has exceptional price plans and no ripoffs .
1	can i give this place 10 because it deserves it .
1	so i went in during the day on a monday .
1	i discussed i was looking for a reflexology & body massage .
1	i 've been to about 8-10 foot spas in vegas as well .
1	give them a try !
1	i recently had surgery here .
1	and i am thoroughly impressed with there patient care .
1	check in for the surgery was very smooth and everyone was so friendly .
1	i ended up having my surgery bumped up by an hour .
1	they explained everything to me and ensured that i was ok and comfortable .
1	otherwise everyone else was very kind and comforting .
1	overall very impressed with patient care at this hospital .
1	usually , i make an appointment for blood work .
1	the place was pretty crowed at 10:50a.m .
1	but , i was in and out in 28 minutes .
1	so , pretty quick service , imo .
1	my tech , anna , did a great job on taking my blood .
1	i hardly felt the needle go in .
1	also , considering we have deep vains , they find them with little effort .
1	my daughter had a veneer break while visiting a couple of years ago .
1	she called dr angel 's office .
1	she had issues with that veneer several times and had gone to several dentists .
1	dr angel was the first dentist to fix it correctly .
1	everyone at dr angel 's office is friendly and professional .
1	the waiting times are short , yet i have never felt rushed .
1	she also does n't try to convince you to have unnecessary procedures .
1	the office is comfortable , clean and conveniently located .
1	almost made the experience enjoyable !
1	they are always encouraging .
1	thanks dr v & yolanda !
1	edibles have always been a1 and i especially enjoy the elixirs they have .
1	the selection of frames and different styles is awesome !
1	and the prices are very good .
1	thankyou for another great experience .
1	do i get a prize ?
1	kay tran eye wear opening event vibe fashionable .
1	lots of fashion editors and gals about town at this party .
1	i felt so under-dressed !
1	i love hearing stories like that !
1	the result : the kaytran fit .
1	that 's the worst ! )
1	i 'm tempted to buy eyeglasses again .
1	shop nothing was brought but i wanted to buy lots !
1	mama needs a new pair of aviators .
1	obligatory catchy remark pink but no pink eye .
1	website as it 's online and in other retailers : www.kaytran.com
1	i have been coming to brookstone for many years and i absolutely love them !
1	thank you dr.goldring and his wonderful staff .
1	best of all the consultation is free no obligation to anything .
1	super excited to become a part of the got ta yoga community !
1	we love the originality of each instructor and the various styles of vinyasa yoga !
1	dr. doug pospicil is an amazing dentist !
1	he is thorough , gentle , and conservative .
1	he has the highest integrity and his team is also wonderful !
1	technician tiffany is superb in both skill and customer service .
1	jaime & donnie were part of the package .
1	i turned over my grill to donald while he was in dental school .
1	they are already outfitting their office with state of the art equipment .
1	donnie 's sweet mom is holding down the front desk .
1	they have a lovely assistant you might mistake for rihanna .
1	and then do n't come crying to me .
1	i tried to tell you .
1	if you 're smart you 'll try to edge into their inner circle .
1	as great as they are at their profession they are even better friends .
1	i have been going to body fit for over a year and love it !
1	marcus is amazing , a great trainer and very knowledgable .
1	i am down 24lbs since i started and i feel better than ever !
1	people are friend and really enjoy massage therapist sharon .
1	she is very in-tune with her clients and their needs .
1	i had an amazing 80 minute peppermint deep tissue with korinna .
1	truly one of the best massages i have ever had ! !
1	she was personal , professional and had fantastic technique .
1	i then had a signature facial with norma and my skin feels wonderful ! !
1	she gave me a number of great skin care at home tips too !
1	i highly recommend a touch of las vegas and will definitely be back ! !
1	always get the soup .
1	it is fresh , filling with veggie goodness , never overcooked or lifeless .
1	everybody can eat here .
1	my skeptic of vegetarian anything , friend loves their vegan burger .
1	the fries are amazing .
1	he also followed up to ensure things improved .
1	i would definitely use this service over going to urgent care .
1	i have been thinking about lasik surgery for years .
1	these guys made my decision easy .
1	not only was it the best decision but the staff was so great .
1	they are the best !
1	i have followed her since i was 16 and will always !
1	she has always made me feel so comfortable and safe in her service .
1	she has an amazing energy and the most fun personality .
1	you will never leave here disappointed .
1	i have been going to linda for almost a year .
1	she is amazing at lashes & massages especially for a reasonable price !
1	i think her name is dana .
1	dana - you rock .
1	i had another awesome experience there .
1	such a huge fan !
1	impress with my visit on july 30 @ 1145pm .
1	you will never find a better dentist .
1	the staff is fantastic , and the office is clean and lovely .
1	i wish there were more stars to give !
1	everyone here was so welcoming and friendly and chill .
1	best dentist office i 've ever been to .
1	she had very pretty eyes .
1	i am 27 and i will be attending this dentist office for life probably .
1	we came here with a groupon .
1	we had smoothies and paninis for a late lunch .
1	i had the lemongrass and sesame paninis with beef .
1	it was great ! !
1	the menu has many options and the prices are reasonable .
1	4 stars for food and drinks and 1 star for the groupon discount .
1	i absolutely love this dental office .
1	dr. v is incredible , compassionate , and honest .
1	i would highly recommend this place to anyone who lives in phoenix .
1	her staff is awesome too .
1	i would never go any where else but here .
1	thanks again for everything .
1	i joined in february and have been going 3-4 times a week .
1	the location is very convenient and the staff is mostly friendly .
1	the other gym-goers mostly keep to themselves but are nice enough .
1	i ca n't comment on the equipment since i only do the classes .
1	very professional and kind .
1	i would definitely recommend their facility for physical therapy
1	i have never considered doing much else as i aged .
1	i was dedicated to `` aging gracefully '' .
1	the lines on my face had me horrified !
1	she was super informative .
1	i went home to give it some thought .
1	it was nearly painless and gail was very professional .
1	the office is conveniently located and very pretty .
1	the staff is super friendly .
1	spending a day here is like spending a day on vacation .
1	all of the staff was considerate and friendly , and the services were flawless .
1	i ca n't wait to come back !
1	the opposite is actually true .
1	the woman who helped me ( i ca n't remember her name unfortunately ! )
1	it 's so great to find retail gems like this shop .
1	already feeling better coming back two times a week .
1	very fast effective and reasonable price .
1	i had looked into natural birth many times throughout my first trimester .
1	after having yet again another bad experience with an obgyn i felt hopeless .
1	i found babymoon inn online and scheduled a tour based on the amazing reviews .
1	at the end of the tour i was holding back tears .
1	fast forward to the labor and delivery .
1	most amazing experience of my life .
1	i was so blessed by how much they did for me during labor .
1	i could not have asked for anything to go more smoothly .
1	i felt so much love and support .
1	the experience was truely empowering and life changing .
1	i ca n't say enough about how wonderful my experience was .
1	i have recommended him to several friends , all of whom love him !
1	my lines are perfect , my breast are perfect .
1	i feel so bad those other women did n't have dr. turkletaub .
1	i am so happy with my surgery .
1	thank you times infiniti dr !
1	my husband and i came here for massages .
1	everyone was very friendly and we loved the rock-n-roll theme .
1	i highly recommend doug .
1	i will definitely come back here when i 'm in las vegas again !
1	my smile has transformed !
1	but invisalign is so much more than that .
1	before invisalign , i thought how complicated it must be .
1	that has n't been my experience at all with dr. brigham .
1	he and his staff really make the whole process easy .
1	they go above and beyond for their patients .
1	you can feel the love and care they have on every visit .
1	we are n't just patients , we are family !
1	i definitely have something to smile about
1	this place is amazing .
1	everyone is very friendly , professional , and has great attention to detail .
1	this especially goes for gretchen who cleaned my teeth the other day .
1	she 's the best !
1	dr hood is the best ! !
1	i will never go anywhere else .
1	these folks are the very best on the state hands down .
1	dr shelly is awesome !
1	her holistic , organic approach to health and wellness is refreshing .
1	her positive attitude and wealth of knowledge is amazing .
1	wonderful front desk staff , they 're great and flexible with billing .
1	great massage by lisa ( 20+yrs experience ) .
1	90min for $ 50+ $ 20 .
1	a zoo next door ?
1	i hope management looks into it !
1	these folks are really nice and accomodating .
1	the quality of care was terrible and did n't help at all .
1	i did my two appointments and was going to give up on chiropractic .
1	from my first visit , i knew it was an awesome decision !
1	aided by dina ( who gives an excellent massage before the adjustment !
1	) , dr. cheree provided complete symptom relief for me within a couple appointments .
1	went here for my shoulder because i had surgery done on my labrum .
1	you learn alot in terms of posture and proper movement while performing the exercises .
1	it helps out big time .
1	i had to learn the hard way .
1	i 've seen other doctors in las vegas , and have felt rushed .
1	my appointments with dr. barrettoko are far from that .
1	i was also scheduled the same day i called for that visit .
1	i will definitely be continuing to stay with this practice .
1	the new office is much nicer , it 's clean , and organized .
1	superb , quality service every time .
1	goes beyond a massage into therapeutic benefit for any areas needed .
1	great to support # local as well !
1	i have been coming here for nearly 3 years .
1	they were also quick to call with any lab results .
1	my appointment was easy and painless .
1	dr. newton is friendly , efficient , and just gets to the point .
1	it 's also been really easy getting prescription renewals from them .
1	i have no complaints !
1	ylena is a miracle worker !
1	i feel more relaxed and rejuvenated after every visit !
1	i got ta say , cool experience !
1	after explaining to me the condition of my scalp ( learned lots !
1	i decided to buy them and give it a try .
1	the session itself was also $ 90 so total i spent $ 180 .
1	overall it was a great experience and the service was great .
1	i 'll give the products a try for awhile and go from there .
1	i am now smaller than the day i got married .
1	i 'm smaller than my high school weight !
1	one of the best doctors i know !
1	he takes time with his patients and very knowledgeable .
1	dr. burdorf is highly recommended for any type of neuro orthopedic rehabilitation needs .
1	a+++ in my book .
1	brandy was our ultrasound technician and was fabulous !
1	we could n't have had a better experience .
1	you wo n't regret it !
1	my mom recently passed away and had been under the care of sage hospice .
1	thomas was patient , caring and truly cared for my mom .
1	he was very good about following up with me , which i appreciated .
1	he was respectful and knew how to help her get through the rough spots .
1	i have been going to the dr. dameron for some time now .
1	they are also very good at notifications .
1	i love the email reminders in my outlook box .
1	love it here and so glad i found my go to dentist
1	it 's because it 's prices are so freakin good !
1	my girlfriend told me that the diva cup is $ 10 cheaper than elsewhere !
1	my gioavanni shampoo is $ 6.99 instead of $ 9.99 .
1	all the products we use are significantly cheaper here .
1	how do they do that ?
1	dr. shelly is the best !
1	i love this place !
1	always very welcoming and comforting as well .
1	justin is very compassionate and patient .
1	you can almost feel him earnestly wishing you to be better .
1	her name is evelyn , she was extremely patient , kind , and knowledgeable .
1	my wait time was about 20-30mins but i think it was worth it .
1	background : i lift and do crossfit .
1	candice at the front is amazing as well !
1	making appointments and checking in is always a joy !
1	i loved this no-frills , just-massage approach .
1	very professional , the perfect amount of pressure , and great student offers .
1	i will definitely be back and recommend to all !
1	the first script took 5 days .
1	the refill 1 day .
1	it was kind of a mini-miracle for me .
1	unfortunately , they charge anywhere from $ 20- $ 40 per 1ml shot !
1	i need that every other day .
1	i had a doctor willing to prescribe but he had to know the ingredients .
1	he agreed it could do no harm but also needed the ingredient list .
1	it is at least covered under my fsa so my cost is pre-tax .
1	it 's made an amazing difference for me .
1	i ca n't speak to anything besides vitamins .
1	just the b-complex mic shots .
1	i have been going to dr. pico for as long as i can remember .
1	very happy with my service here .
1	coming from a horrible pharmacy on dysart , this location is heaven sent .
1	come here , it 's worth the extra drive .
1	absolutely the kindest and most experienced care for your loved ones ( pets ) .
1	i love the natural approach and integrative approach to caring for our pets .
1	she is the best at what she does and a true professional .
1	cheri has improved my complexion dramatically .
1	my skin just glows !
1	her room is inviting and relaxing .
1	you will not be disappointed .
1	had my first microdermabrasion treatment recently .
1	it was so relaxing , and my skin looked much brighter and smoother afterward .
1	i really liked the way the doctor was training the new assistant .
1	he was very positive and detailed in what he was asking for .
1	i have had the best experiences with aurora eye care .
1	kara was absolutely fantastic !
1	the receptionist sarah was very helpful and kind on the phone and in person .
1	kara greeted me with a smile and a warm handshake .
1	the massage room was beautiful .
1	kara has warm hands and just the right amount of touch .
1	she did a mixture of swedish and deep tissue .
1	she was so nice and a delight to be around .
1	so i recently went in with a pretty bad ingrown toenail .
1	pac julie was terrific !
1	she was so kind and gentle !
1	made my visit way better than i expected !
1	definitely recommend her if you ever have an ingrown .
1	i walked in for an exam and they got me in super quick !
1	the dr. was very nice and answered all my questions .
1	i will definitely go back to this office .
1	everyone was friendly and accommodating .
1	i had an 80 minute swedish massage .
1	it was a very good massage and i was very relaxed .
1	this is my favorite canna-clinic location .
1	the staff is quick and super friendly .
1	i 'm glad to have one on the east-end now .
1	they are usually sold out of pre-rolls this is a downside to this location .
1	if you refer a friend you get a free gram !
1	thank you camelback derm !
1	megan is truly one of a kind .
1	she is incredibly knowledgeable and up-to-date .
1	clients can be confident that they are receiving the absolute best care !
1	dr. limkemann and staff are bringing back the family practice .
1	thankful to have found them .
1	truly compassionate , caring dr and pa 's and ma 's here .
1	it is so refreshing .
1	keep up the great work !
1	each treatment enhances the smoothness & i believe firmness of my skin .
1	the sheppard office was very clean and the staff were extremely caring .
1	they work efficiently and truly care about the care the patients receive .
1	i would definitely recommend dr. moncarz at the sheppard location .
1	went here because the scottsdale location had a line out the door .
1	my vet let me know about roadrunner .
1	he called in antibiotic eye ointment for my guinea pigs .
1	bullmoose orthodontics is a fabulous family life changing practice .
1	dr dykman and his staff are innovators as well as miracle workers .
1	thank you so much bullmoose team ! !
1	i thought i 'd end up waiting for hours to see a doctor .
1	place would be smelly or the nurses would be rude .
1	i was surprised that everyone was so so nice !
1	they attend to me immediately .
1	even the nurses were nice .
1	it 's 2am and the staff is just so kind .
1	i feel safe coming here .
1	no surgery was needed ; just rest and immobilization .
1	my physical therapist was heather b. and she was fantastic !
1	i noticed a huge difference between my first and last pt visit .
1	day 1 , i could n't even walk on my broken foot .
1	it 's been 5 months since i broke my foot .
1	we highly recommend our local elements massage !
1	i had a great experience .
1	i recommend this place .
1	i really could n't be happier .
1	i love skin laundry ! !
1	it 's the best thing i 've done for my face .
1	it 's quick , effective and there is n't any downtime .
1	i immediately notice my skin is smoother and bright right after my treatment .
1	love this place , and all their products too !
1	thank you for all that you do to improve our health and well being !
1	got a massage here from a groupon deal , absolutely amazing .
1	we did the 90 minute and it was worth every penny .
1	the foot salt scrub was great also .
1	super fast and easy !
1	but check in online before you head there !
1	a real grocery store on uw madison campus !
1	i came out feeling great with recommendations for future sessions .
1	i will definitely be going back .
1	josefa is a very gifted , intuitive and straight forward coach .
1	she really hears you and works with you to help you help yourself .
1	ca n't really explain , you 'll just have to try one for yourself !
1	p.s did i say she is awesome ?
1	yes , she is !
1	once in , both the doctor and assistant were friendly and very efficient .
1	this time , no wait at all , was escorted right in .
1	again , very friendly , efficient and pain-free .
1	ca n't beat that !
1	recommend dr. dachs and his office highly .
1	i never knew i could love a gym so much !
1	tons of comfy seats , windows and free wi fi too !
1	free wifi at the gym ?
1	yes , i totally go to the ymca to get my wi fi on .
1	they also have a cafeteria-esque food joint .
1	i can do that because of the spacious locker rooms they have .
1	oh yeah , i guess i should talk about the actual gym component eh ?
1	dr. admire is simply amazing .
1	my recovery after my surgery was almost immediate .
1	his staff is very supportive , professional and personable .
1	i will continue other services with his practice .
1	he is life changing !
1	this office is great !
1	i highly recommend this dr !
1	i went in for consultation and it was determined i needed a root canal .
1	yoga for every body .
1	got ta yoga lkn offers something for everyone .
1	from hot vinyasa to yoga for athletes to prenatal , they do it all .
1	great teachers and personality .
1	this is a great retirement community .
1	residents are allowed small animals on premises as well which helps with companionship .
1	there is a gym and activity center so that residents may also get exercise .
1	lastly , my grandmother 's favorite -- -- a beauty salon !
1	i have major anxiety going to the dentist .
1	my daughter 's appointment went incredibly well .
1	i was very apprehensive but they made me feel very comfortable and reassured .
1	i would refer this dental office to anyone .
1	the price is very affordable !
1	the staff was friendly and kind !
1	the place was very clean and well kept .
1	we will definitely be back ... .
1	my son 's curvature kept changing for the worse .
1	it was quite heart breaking to hear .
1	she was so kind , patient and answered every question i had .
1	she fitted him for his brace and got us going on the right track .
1	whenever an adjustment needed to be made we had no problems getting that done .
1	the staff at omi is so friendly and professional at both locations .
1	they always have smiles when you walk in .
1	i am so grateful for her .
1	thank you for helping logan !
1	best dentists in the southend .
1	outstanding service and are very conservative when it comes to treatment .
1	dr. perez is amazing .
1	my entire family is under his care and we could not be happier .
1	he 's the best doctor we 've had .
1	time in the waiting room was minimal , which is likewise rare .
1	he has special knowledge in sports medicine and recovery ( esp .
1	i ca n't imagine finding a better , more qualified , more caring gp .
1	i have known dr pico for several years .
1	he is an amazing dentist .
1	i completely trust his judgement with patient care .
1	i can attest to his excellent dental skills and bedside demeanor .
1	i recommend dr jeff pico without any reservation .
1	the customer service is wonderful .
1	they are so kind and helpful .
1	thank you for all that you do .
1	i would highly recommend roadrunner pharmacy .
1	i went for a consultation .
1	his staff was very nice and he was very nice and truthful .
1	he realized i was having trouble speaking with a new flipper .
1	he adjusted it for me before i left .
1	he worked with precision and determination .
1	i felt , and spoke much better when i left .
1	i love the staff & their customer service !
1	my favorite place to get my supplements !
1	they have truly become a part of my fitness journey !
1	raylynn is amazing , very kind , attentive and talented ! ! !
1	the spa is nice and service is wonderful all around .
1	i highly recommend a visit to this spa .
1	it sounds like i own the place but i do n't .
1	however , i did schedule another appointment already for next week .
1	all that for $ 39 plus tip .
1	dr greg can fix any denture or partial in an hour .
1	he is reasonable and fast .
1	he does quality work .
1	i highly recommend him .
1	my last denture repair was $ 95 !
1	he even helps you on weekends .
1	this is far better !
1	got an eye exam here today and had an overall good experience .
1	the staff was really nice and helpful .
1	the only downfall was the wait .
1	saw the doctor an hour after checking in .
1	awesome , friendly doctors with a real passion for what they do !
1	good prices , the scheduling was sometimes difficult .
1	my lashes looked nice !
1	dr. perez is a very thorough doctor .
1	takes his time with his patients .
1	highly recommend him for all family wellness needs .
1	very quiet and relaxing environment .
1	had some nice himalayan salt-related items for sale .
1	the mammography tech was very professional as was the ultrasound tech .
1	for any future imaging , i will choose this location anytime i possibly can .
1	that 's when i found jennifer , and decided to take a chance .
1	my self-esteem has improved and i feel that my whole life has changed .
1	dr. nemanic really helped me .
1	i live an active lifestyle and was experiencing hip pain .
1	i felt instantly less pain after my first visit .
1	now i have no pain at all !
1	thanks for your attention to detail and care .
1	this is the best nofrills in toronto .
1	its so clean & the prices are fantastic !
1	instead of just pointing to were to find your item like some stores do .
1	the customer service is fantastic ! ! !
1	they treat you & everyone who walks through their doors like family .
1	dr judy is compassionate , caring & an amazing doctor .
1	no more hot flashes , great energy & other irritating menopause symptoms gone ! !
1	i feel 20 years younger !
1	her staff is always wonderful !
1	honestly i do n't do many reviews .
1	this business deserves my review .
1	they are al great and i love their team .
1	they really care about their customers and i really appreciate them .
1	i can not speak enough about how much i recommend them .
1	perfect place to do your nails and eye brow waxing .
1	there services were exceptional .
1	they used very good products and the place was so clean !
1	the doctors here are amazing !
1	they care about you and your treatments .
1	i am always happy to see them and then me .
1	looking forward to a long relationship with this practice .
1	my experience with abc dental is simply awesome .
1	dr kevin and martina are the best tandem i 've ever come across .
1	i did n't realize there was a difference in acceptance in the plans .
1	no questions or nothing after going to him for over 10 years ! !
1	i appreciate your loyalty to your patient 's and what they go thru .
1	i have never had an issue getting an appointment .
1	dr yang and the other staff are super nice .
1	what a great place .
1	this is a wonderful service to our community .
1	a much needed service with a great friendly staff .
1	this was the best experience i 've ever had from a oral surgeon .
1	dr. bond was very professional , efficient and engaged .
1	he made sure he answered all my questions in regards to my process .
1	he checked on me after my procedure and answered my questions during recovery .
1	i had additional questions later and he still followed up .
1	i would recommend him for any procedure .
1	so happy this process went so well
1	i was seen within 10 min and out within 30 min .
1	everyone was so incredibly kind .
1	above all , it was a saturday night !
1	even though i was sick , it was a great experience ! !
1	my sisters and i have been going to dr. macdonald for 10+years .
1	the staff is very knowledgable and super friendly .
1	***bonus*** there 's an ice cream machine ! !
1	thank you melissa and jamie .
1	we absolutely love this pediatric dental office !
1	it 's a beautiful office and all of the employees are friendly and helpful .
1	we have seen all the dentists here and they are wonderful .
1	they do n't overcharge and stand by their work .
1	my family has been patients of dr rios for almost 20 years .
1	his staff is friendly , courteous , and always helpful .
1	dr rios is very professional but also very down to earth .
1	he takes his time with you and can carry on a nice conversation .
1	i think the office is very generous when it comes to your needs .
1	michelle has done my lash extentions and facials for years .
1	my favorite store in the whole world i 'm in there almost every day !
1	this location in particular has such friendly people working there !
1	not to mention there baked goods are great !
1	i recommend the snicker doodle cookies , there so good !
1	i wish i could give this place 10 stars .
1	i was like holy cow this is legit .
1	so barbara and i signed up .
1	it is just positive , encouragement , family and friends .
1	it was seriously the most amazing experience .
1	! but they give you everything you need to succeed .
1	i ca n't tell you how much i love this place .
1	if you are unsure .
1	do n't be just do it .
1	you will not regret it : )
1	seriously fast and friendly service .
1	i call and tell them i need to reorder my cat 's medication .
1	really great all around .
1	even send a little toy for her !
1	: ) love this service !
1	she is amazing and knowledgeable .
1	also love their romaine lettuce , sugar pea pods , and grape tomatoes .
1	can be a social outing on saturdays .
1	love to try their cheeses and they have a nice selection of crackers .
1	very glad they came to our area !
1	great coaches - great motivators .
1	also what a great group of amazing people !
1	everyone treats each other as family ... . go forbidden army ! !
1	jj is probably the sweetest and one of the best at this location !
1	i am going to miss her once i move to florida .
1	i highly recommend this location !
1	whole foods has a lot of great vegan options which is such a relief .
1	it does get a little pricey but you are buying quality .
1	also if you bring your own bag you save 10 cents !
1	i definitely recommend them for skill , friendliness , location , and overall experience !
1	he has become not only a personal trainer , but also a great friend .
1	the gym itself is great .
1	has everything needed to keep my workout filled with variety and challenging .
1	it was my first visit to westbrook vision .
1	everything went on schedule .
1	i used the online scheduling function and got a call within 30 minutes .
1	i was able to schedule an appt the following week .
1	dr. was very clear and concise of the status of my vision .
1	i found frames i really like .
1	this is my first yelp review for whole foods on greenvalley parkway .
1	i usually come to this whole foods about three times a week .
1	this place is definitely gets a five star review from me .
1	the most friendliest staff .
1	they make the best sandwiches and are always so nice .
1	thanks you guys ! !
1	if you need medical supplies she is the one to go see ! ! !
1	very generous fully stocked , can order what you need right away ...
1	perfect atmosphere and friendly staff .
1	the massage itself was perfect !
1	great atmosphere and facility .
1	i have been seeing dr. cherrington for over a year now .
1	dr. cherrington recommended a crown for me based on an x-ray he took .
1	i believe there is a high level of integrity here .
1	the place is soooooo nice .
1	the decor , the ambiance , the space itself make you relax .
1	i 've got the indonesian package : facial , body scrub and massage .
1	i ca n't say i got the best massage ever but it was good .
1	the scrub was very interesting .
1	they offered me a snack and a tea after all .
1	i lounged in the beautiful rest area .
1	every body who works there is so nice and attentive .
1	i would definitely go back to that spa .
1	dr. aseem and his staff are wonderful .
1	lynda may be the nicest person i have ever meet .
1	i highly recommend bella smiles .
1	the front cashier greeted me when i entered and when i left .
1	amy the fnp was great !
1	had my first appointment today as a new patient .
1	everyone in the office was welcoming , friendly , and professional .
1	i bought the groupon , and got an appointment right away .
1	they start out with a 20 minute foot soak and then a massage .
1	i liked that the masseuse did not try to engage me in small talk .
1	i will definitely go back .
1	i always tip at least $ 20 for a massage anyways .
1	i know that all massage therapists have to pay taxes on their tips .
1	i am a tipped employee so i get that .
1	i think with the groupon , that made the total around $ 60 .
1	a good price for a massage anywhere in this town .
1	i am also a real person .
1	: ) and proud of it .
1	and a glass of champagne each .
1	dr. donna was super awesome as was deirdre at the front desk .
1	awesome people , plenty of equipment , and good energy !
1	lots of class options as well as open gym time .
1	dr. martin is wonderful !
1	her medical assistant and the nurse practitioner at this office are also fantastic .
1	i have had horrible experiences with cvs-just the pharmacy , not the store itself .
1	rude pharmacist and techs .
1	that are just flat out mean !
1	if all cvs pharmacy staff were like her i probably never would have left !
1	making your company and store look amazing !
1	the latter is true of dr. douglas ' staff .
1	thorough is the first word that comes to mind !
1	one time i did have to wait for a bit in the exam room .
1	an added benefit is having the lab `` in house '' .
1	thanks dr. gibson for all that you do !
1	do not hesitate to get in here ! !
1	dr bradshaw was amazing ! ! !
1	my dog was noticeably better right after his 1st treatment ! !
1	my only regret is i did n't try this 3 months ago ! ! !
1	i ca n't say enough good things about this place !
1	dr nestlerode is fantastic .
1	he has this great office with a super friendly staff .
1	anita is the first person you will meet .
1	she 's just wonderful .
1	she 's sweet and knowledgeable .
1	from there the service continues , from quick xrays , down to the cleaning .
1	dr. nestlerode does the cleaning himself !
1	you get personal service here .
1	how many dentists do their own cleanings these days ?
1	he also does the cleanings by hand .
1	no ultrasonic machines , which makes most people wince .
1	hand scaling is more acurate .
1	all with a no-pressure approach .
1	with my busy schedule , this is a great service for me .
1	once you see dr. nestlerode you will wonder why you ever went anywhere else .
1	i 'll have to ask about that next time .
1	they strive for comfort , affordability and creating a beautiful smile in everyone .
1	i certainly believe that !
1	the workouts are challenging yet enjoyable .
1	i actually look forward to working out and everyone there has been so supportive .
1	they do a great job for a reasonable price .
1	the staff is awesome and the dentist is even better .
1	sherri at elements is the best massage i have ever had !
1	i am a manicurist and suffer from neck and shoulder stress .
1	she is very knowledgeable and is great at what she does !
1	i would recommend her to anyone who likes a deep tissue massage .
1	sherri is the best ! !
1	such an amazing place with an outstanding friendly staff .
1	dr. swanick is such a talented and amazing person .
1	she make a you feel comfortable and makes every procedure easy !
1	i always leave her office feeling great and confident .
1	i truly do recommend her for any procedures !
1	i found dr serrick originally through yelp .
1	it was the day before christmas and i threw out my back .
1	i have an si joint that likes to come loose .
1	my hubby was referred to dr. glick for eval for melanoma .
1	he had his initial appointment with dr. glick and was very pleased with him .
1	he personally called my husband with his biopsy results .
1	he had me laughing all throughout the procedures and did n't skip a beat .
1	his sutures were clean straight .
1	he was focused and fast .
1	his office staff is pleasant and helpful .
1	top notch health care with comic relief .
1	i have been here twice and both experiences have been great .
1	the office is beautiful , peaceful and clean .
1	when you walk in , a big glass waterfall greets you .
1	i loved the hygienist , jaycie , too .
1	there was no discomfort with my cleaning and she was very sweet too .
1	i think that is great !
1	he is not pretentious and a team player .
1	the professional staff helped us thru the mmj process from start to finish .
1	they even followed up with the state .
1	very happy they will be handling the renewals .
1	this is the place that gets the job done .
1	jackie did a great job cleaning my teeth .
1	she was very cautious about my sensitive teeth but also very thorough .
1	pity , i wish they still had this around .
1	the thing i usually get when i come here are the bowls .
1	most of the time i get the macro greens .
1	i 've had other bowls , but i kinda like this one the best .
1	another thing is that they have daily soups that they keep changing up .
1	fresh is one of those places that 's good for everyone .
1	i 've been with dr. vicuna for over a couple of years now .
1	she 's definitely knowledgeable and friendly .
1	i received a massage from james today and it was fantastic .
1	he is a very talented therapist and will definitely be returning !
1	so i stopped going .
1	i decided to hunt down a new location and grouponed for brazilian waxes .
1	i lucked out w skin of dreams and had sandra as my waxer .
1	ladies , i highly highly recommend her services .
1	it is true the more you go , the lesser it hurts .
1	just go to skin of dreams and request sandra !
1	you wo n't regret her kind spirit and great services !
1	i have been coming to this office for at least 12 years maybe longer .
1	it is always very busy .
1	it is a huge office with a lot of people working here .
1	even more patients.they seriously must see hundreds of people a day here .
1	even though i have now moved to another town .
1	i still come to this office .
1	they really do try to get you in as quick as possible .
1	yes , you could be dead by then .
1	this place gets you in asap , never more than 2 days .
1	her ma is fantastic as well .
1	the blood lab is right there on the property .
1	which makes it great that you do not have to drive anywhere else .
1	good medical care , fast appt. , every thing you could need .
1	ample parking , very convenient .
1	yesterday was my first appointment at seventh street dental care .
1	every one treated me so well .
1	dr. nack is so compassionate and caring .
1	i am so relieved to have found my dentist !
1	thanks to brigham orthodontics , i am on my way to a perfect smile
1	it can be a bit nerve wracking to say the least .
1	doctor racanelli makes it so easy to get dental work done .
1	when you find a good dentist , you know .
1	and you follow him ! ! !
1	my results have been impeccable .
1	this man and his incredible staff have literally brought my dreams to life !
1	i could n't be more ecstatic !
1	if i can do it all again , i would in a heart beat .
1	i felt prepared and confident i was under the best care possible .
1	the hours in the dental chair flew by !
1	i was more then fine .
1	doc worked so meticulously and carefully in mouth i did n't even feel him .
1	and yes , you should consider flying across the country as well .
1	your teeth are the first thing people see when they see you .
1	trust me- it 's worth it !
1	the best dentist i 've ever been to .
1	he really seems to care about his patients and to listen to them .
1	the hygienists do a great job at assessing your teeth and gums .
1	i would definitely recommend as opposed to some other dentists i 've been to .
1	absolutely recommend this place ! ! !
1	love the boot camp on saturday
1	excellent experience all the times dr. liu has completed work on me .
1	i feel it was my good fortune the day i walked into his office .
1	i would recommend him to everyone wondering where to find good health .
1	very nice staff , from check in to check out !
1	nurses were all very kind to my dad as well !
1	i visited solescape based on the solid reviews and they are right on .
1	she is an artist and your skin/muscles could be her canvas ! ! !
1	emily will not disappoint .
1	she has a gentle voice and presence but amazingly strong hands and energy .
1	one thing i feel like solescapes could improve upon is bedding .
1	regardless , i will go back .
1	thank you , emily !
1	well first of all let me say that the service is great .
1	2 hours later the wife feels great and rejuvenated .
1	i had a great visit with dr. cheree and her assistant dina this week .
1	she listened to my concerns and targeted specific areas .
1	the staff is great with the kids , friendly , and generally pretty quick .
1	my children never complain about going to the dentist .
1	fabulous doctor , fabulous staff .
1	incredibly knowledgeable , and amazing bedside manner .
1	he also performed my hysterectomy .
1	he obviously has an incredible reputation in the medical field .
1	dr raia was so great and so was the staff at their surgery facility .
1	it was quick and comfortable , with an onsite cafeteria .
1	the doctor explained everything .
1	overall i will be back for another .
1	i cant wait to see my baby !
1	i know dr. leah wingeart as a colleague .
1	i would definitely recommend her as another professional in the mental health field .
1	i have n't met a friendlier staff .
1	everyone i talked to was kind and made my experience great !
1	i 'm so excited i found i dentist i want to go back to .
1	i had a good experience here the other day .
1	i was assisted by darion .
1	he was kind , patient , and professional .
1	he helped to get the lens replaced in my eyeglasses and sunglasses .
1	all of the employees i encountered were very nice .
1	there were only 2 employees available to adjust the eyeglasses that were ready .
1	dr. pozun is great , one of the better doctors i 've had .
1	the only reason i give them four stars instead of five is the staff .
1	others do n't return phone calls promptly .
1	i want some ! )
1	but the other front desk staff are generally unfriendly if not rude .
1	as i wrote earlier , very much recommended .
1	dr bigler and his staff have been wonderful .
1	i 've been a patient for 2 years and have excellent service .
1	i would highly recommend this doctor to anyone
1	i received a recommendation to southview from a coworker and so glad i listened .
1	if that is the case , check out southview !
1	barely visited this store in the last couple of years .
1	have within the last year rediscovered the store , as prices seem more reasonable .
1	some items are actually the same or cheaper than longos and loblaws .
1	i was super shocked .
1	what sets it apart is the service .
1	there is almost always someone i 'm there you help you .
1	they will ask you if you need help as well !
1	rare for a chain grocery store !
1	this one time , there was n't a sample i could try .
1	i asked and the associate there quickly opened a bottle for me to try !
1	that 's customer service .
1	items are in stock even on weekends and weekend evenings .
1	check out never takes too long either .
1	they always open up new lanes and the cashiers are so friend .
1	they go above and beyond to tell you info or talk to you !
1	i 'm not complaining .
1	lace was masseuse and was just amazing .
1	as a world traveler and experienced spa goer do n't miss this boutique .
1	i 'll be back later this year on my next trip to the states .
1	say hi to molly !
1	dr. pervaiz is knowledgeable and professional .
1	he is now my primary care physician .
1	his staff at the rainbow office is pleasant :
1	best spa in vegas .
1	stay off the strip to get superb customer treatment and normal prices .
1	after tips less than $ 300 !
1	will go here every time i visit !
1	this example has made us dynamic eye care patients for life .
1	nothing bad i would say about this location .
1	however they did notice a fluid build up in her abdomen .
1	my husband was satisfied with the service he received during that visit .
1	she was very thorough and advised is daily about her condition .
1	i completely understand their reasoning .
1	pvsec is a fantastic state of the art facility with wonderful providers .
1	it 's worth every cent .
1	i recently moved here and have kaiser .
1	that being said there are no kaisers in nevada .
1	luckily healthcare partners of nevadas urgent care on wynn accept kaiser .
1	besides that great fact , they are fantastic there .
1	they also have great prices for the medications they prescribe .
1	since i do have unacceptable insurance at most places this is great news .
1	i would really recommend anyone go here .
1	i absolutely adore all staff here .
1	either dentist is a great choice .
1	my biggest fear is being judged for how bad my teeth are .
1	i dont like going to the dentist .
1	so i usually dont .
1	i have a habit of waiting until im in excruciating pain before caving in .
1	after one visit to this place , you wont ever go anywhere else .
1	i literally drive all the way across town .
1	yesterday , i went in and had a facial done with cindy hernandez .
1	all i can say is she was amazing and worked magic on my face !
1	the whole staff was nice and the place was beautiful and clean !
1	i am so grateful i found stephanie she is amazing and so knowledgeable .
1	i enjoyed the wrap process i was so relaxed and kept falling asleep .
1	i highly recommend dr carter !
1	dr. stephen is very friendly and caring .
1	i bring my daughter here regularly for her checkups and shots .
1	her staff are also very polite and accommodating with your schedule .
1	i am telling all my friends about this experience !
1	this was such an amazing massage i 'll definitely be back !
1	5 out of 5 stars for this gem !
1	i highly recommend getting a consultation ( it 's free ! )
1	what a great place for spa and salon services !
1	i went with 4 friends and we all loved it !
1	we had massages , facials , manicures , and pedicures .
1	the place was clean and relaxing .
1	the staff is very friendly , helpful , and professional .
1	the decor is so much fun !
1	bryanne did such a great job on my mani/pedi .
1	patrick is an excellent masseur !
1	$ 8 from the cosmo .
1	my 3 children have all had braces with dr. noorda .
1	he always has a smile on his face & makes the kids feel comfortable .
1	he genuinely cares about each & every patient & strives for perfection .
1	the facility is spotless .
1	the appointments are always on time .
1	i can not say enough good things about dr. noorda and his staff .
1	i highly recommend them and would give them 100 stars if i could !
1	thank you dr. noorda & your out standing staff ! ! !
1	any negative reviews are from just generally awful people .
1	i was there when a patient threw a clipboard at their front desk person .
1	and she was pregnant .
1	the pas are all wonderful as well as the physicians .
1	it 's a busy practice .
1	they spend a lot of time with you compared to other places .
1	i wo n't go anywhere else .
1	dr. pack delivered our second child , which had complications .
1	as nervous parents , we could not have had a better experience .
1	i would ( and have ) absolutely recommend dr. pack !
1	when i got to urgent care i did not want to wait all night .
1	which is why i am writing this review .
1	i was feeling so much better just after 20 mins .
1	thank you micole neely and your wonderful staff !
1	source centre is a very welcoming and calming environment .
1	dr. leo took the time to explain it to me and answer any questions .
1	i have scoliosis and tendinitis in my hand and wrist .
1	my overall wellness is better for it .
1	i would highly recommend source centre .
1	i absolutely love this place , and treasure dr. kim .
1	she 's thorough , answers all of my questions , and is incredibly personable .
1	i have never been a marc 's fan .
1	and i was surprisingly impressed .
1	i visited yesterday to get my lips done & had a great experience .
1	everyone there was friendly .
1	i am sharing pictures for reference !
1	my lips are still slightly swollen but seem to be healing well .
1	music is fun to dance to .
1	so happy canada is open to drugs !
1	i highly recommend this company based on my personal experience .
1	dr. shelly o'connor is a great chiropractor !
1	her personality is another awesome feature of her service !
1	there 's no down-side to seeing dr. shelly !
1	dr gawley and his staff are incredible !
1	i had a mommy makeover done about 6 weeks ago .
1	i have had 7 kids , and my body definitely showed it .
1	i had a tt and ba .
1	my husband and i are thrilled with my results !
1	he went over and beyond my expectations .
1	we are forever thankful for dr. gawley !
1	in june 2013 i decided to make my health a top priority .
1	at that time i was a complete mess .
1	i could n't climb a flight of stairs without being out of breath .
1	i had joined 24 hour and quickly became disappointed with the trainers .
1	july 12 , i will be competing in my second mens masters physique competition .
1	stephen , seth , aaron , steven q. , jayson are the absolute best .
1	i have met a lot of wonderful people there .
1	everyone has a story to tell .
1	there is so much inspiration and motivation at tpt .
1	these guys are the real deal .
1	give them a try you wo n't regret it .
1	updating on another fantastic experience .
1	had a few old fillings redone by dr. leon banchik yesterday .
1	dr. banchik is the most amazing dentist .
1	the staff remembers me by name and explains everything to me .
1	did n't have to wait .
1	private room for my friend and i. jay was great .
1	hot stones and oil are a must .
1	i went to carmen today for ipl treatment and she did a wonderful job !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	i highly recommend dr stratton .
1	he has a great staff and they do great work .
1	i have had cleanings , root canals and caps .
1	they are very customer oriented .
1	so glad i found them .
1	i 've been going to dr. jyoti patel for over a year now .
1	she is a great doctor and her pa christie is amazing as well !
1	everyone there is so nice and try to work with your schedule .
1	these people also really care about their patients .
1	we absolutely love healing hearts and everyone there .
1	natalie answered all of my questions and addressed my concerns .
1	she was more than great ! ! !
1	i do n't think we could go wrong with anyone at this office .
1	this is an excellent program for those seeking help with recovery .
1	they are doing something special here .
1	they a first class gym with an awesome boxing ring !
1	incrediblely motivating 12 step meetings ... .the best ever !
1	i liked the staff that really care .
1	helpful employees and fun place to visit .
1	if you have n't heard- you get all the samples of oil/vinegar/wine/liquor you want .
1	in fact , they are encouraged .
1	some of the stuff is pretty reasonable .
1	for example , the calamondin vinegar is amazing .
1	it has like a citris/lime flavor and is like nothing i have ever tasted .
1	also , give the pumpkin seed oil a try .
1	way funner than the `` oil and vinegar '' stores in the mall .
1	soon they will add liqueurs to their portfolio , which should be very exciting .
1	also , small selection of wine there .
1	tip : bring your own containers ( can you ? )
1	because those add up .
1	and , ask the staff for pairings .
1	for example : mango vinegar and chili oil .
1	i had my implants done at layman shirman and associates .
1	always a pleasure to work with dr. shirman and their staff .
1	if you 're in pain , dr. kevin kaldy can help .
1	little to no waiting usually .
1	he 's kind , caring and committed to helping his patients .
1	we went to whole foods last night for some treats .
1	one of those items was the rich and delicious chocolate moose pie .
1	i will be back to whole foods !
1	great service and really helped me with my tension .
1	very friendly staff and set-up process .
1	then they shrug their shoulders .
1	do n't wait for your primary care doctor to help you .
1	go into foothills sports medicine and get evaluated by matt hubble .
1	you are amazing ! !
1	today was my first visit to the joint .
1	all i have to say is 'wow ! ''
1	i am really impressed with dr palazzo .
1	everyone is very sweet , we never have a long wait .
1	my family would recommend to all family and friends .
1	i had a groupon and got an hour massage for a very discounted price .
1	went in today and had some questions about supplements .
1	i received the best prenatal massage from selina .
1	i love the atmosphere & the customer service !
1	hailee did such a wonderful job on my nails & took her time .
1	i 'm a happy little lady .
1	finally i found a place 100 % satisfied i wan na going back again !
1	finally i have nothing complain and happy to leave !
1	i tried many times already !
1	cheap fast and always their work is great !
1	this is my go to spot nail salon in las vegas
1	omar is an excellent trainer , great crossfit gym ! ! ! ...
1	i went to elite earlier this year for three months .
1	this gym is expanding and offers great services for all training types .
1	i recommend this gym !
1	fantastic one-hour facial with tara .
1	very knowledgeable and knew exactly what my skin needed .
1	i will definitely be back on a regular basis !
1	their medical spa is fantastic - excited to try other services .
1	kim is awesome ! ! !
1	the quality of service and attention to patient needs is fantastic .
1	dr. sandness-johnson knows her stuff !
1	finally i manned up and made an appointment .
1	i am a fan !
1	everyone from the office staff to the dentist was fantastic .
1	their dental hygienist is awesome .
1	i was in desperate need of a cleaning .
1	i required three visits to get my teeth clean .
1	the idea of coming back for multiple visits scared me .
1	the hygienist did a fantastic job .
1	she was quick and whatever she did there was virtually no pain .
1	when i left i actually could n't wait to return for the other visits !
1	the dentist also did an amazing job fixing my broken tooth .
1	this doctor is awesome .
1	he explained the procedures , made me comfortable and fixed me teeth .
1	i highly recommend desert springs dental care to everyone .
1	i have very temperamental skin ... normal to dry complection along with hormonal/cystic acne .
1	my coworker mentioned skin laundry and how your first time is free !
1	usually it 's $ 65 a treatment .
1	the location is very clean and professional- and they all are very informative !
1	ask whatever you need to feel comfortable !
1	the specials they have are worth it !
1	the process : you check-in .
1	you wash your face .
1	they bring you into their room .
1	cleanse your face again .
1	start up the treatment and discuss a routine for your skin .
1	10 minutes later- you 're checking out !
1	sure , let 's do it !
1	go treat yourself to a free treatment on your next day off !
1	it is so worth it .
1	one of my favorite smoothie places with some of the best staff .
1	vegan pineapple spinach smoothie is amazing and delicious !
1	the dentist is down to earth and shows extreme consideration with her patients .
1	his office is always immaculate .
1	he greets me with a smile every time i walk in to see him .
1	they have options for everyone ( literally ) and at a great price too !
1	dr roderick and his team are wonderful !
1	super timely , very efficient and so kind .
1	i just switched to this practice last week and thrilled i did !
1	dr. k is the best vet !
1	we have four dachshunds and he takes great care of all of them .
1	best of all , we can tell that he truly cares about our dogs .
1	you ca n't beat dr. k !
1	the staff was so courteous !
1	madison and the guy who did the mri ( sorry .
1	i do n't remember your name ) were just so awesome .
1	i always go to simon med for any `` imaging , '' .
1	i was able to get an appointment sooner .
1	it was really great to have all these helpful people .
1	got ta love this place .
1	they offer some great weight loss options and it 's not that pricey .
1	elizabeth is the best ! !
1	definitely worth checking out especially if your looking for a new weight loss program .
1	down 20lbs and i ca n't complain !
1	love the hot stones on my back and the foot soak .
1	would have preferred a little more privacy than just a drawn curtain between rooms .
1	felt a little strange leaving the blanket on while getting my back massaged .
1	the staff were very nice , friendly and welcoming .
1	thank you , we enjoyed our massages and will be back .
1	what a fantastic experience .
1	went for laser hair removal .
1	i will be going back asap .
1	highly recommend them to everyone !
1	dr. d is the best doctor i have had .
1	he listens and really tries to figure out what 's wrong .
1	just had the most fabulous anti-aging facial & an eye rescue treatment .
1	my skin looks beautiful , but my eyes are unbelievable !
1	no wrinkles , no puffiness !
1	cheri petroni is the very best in her field !
1	looking forward to another special day for me !
1	dr. pollock hands down is theee best doctor i have ever been too .
1	he is super nice and sweet , funny too .
1	never a wait and the staff is friendly and inviting .
1	my new go to location .
1	i 'll def be back .
1	dr. poe is really an amazing chiropractor .
1	his wife is great and they are just a great place to go .
1	my tooth was killing me .
1	amazing , all around ! ! !
1	i was beyond impressed by his knowledge and experience in his field .
1	his energy is so uplifting , upbeat , positive and very caring !
1	i informed her that i could n't be happier .
1	my pain vanished without a trace just like magic .
1	folks you hit the jack pot if you have dr robert as your dentist .
1	it 's so easy to overlook the options on the second floor of sears .
1	fast service since they are hiding in a sears .
1	great new frames/lenses for $ 30 copay in just 10 days .
1	so far , i 'm really happy with my decision .
1	they sell out of some drinks by the end of the day .
1	been to many dentists here in vegas but this one has been the best !
1	dr iongi is my favorite !
1	she has always been very thorough and helped me achieve the best smile possible .
1	highly recommended to anyone and everyone ! ! !
1	dr. ngo and his staff were professional , friendly , and knowledgeable .
1	i highly recommend s & l dental !
1	awesome surgeon ... i was skeptical about this place due to the location .
1	i was dead wrong to be skeptical , very modern office with friendly staff .
1	only took 30 minutes for two baby teeth extractions and expose an impacted canine .
1	no nasty side effects so far ... would recommend to anybody i know .
1	i am so glad that i found sandra !
1	she is super friendly , professional , and does a great job .
1	i just have n't tried those out yet !
1	i definitely recommend sandra !
1	excellent staff , procedure and outcome .
1	i could n't be more happier with the results .
1	stopped by around 1 pm to buy white non-cargo petite scrub pants .
1	amanda showed me the product , i tried it on , bought it .
1	i was in and out in 5 minutes .
1	they do their jobs well .
1	healthcare professionals get 10 % off , bring your badge : )
1	found a good eye dr. here !
1	i was thrilled and it was only $ 69 total .
1	others charge $ 150 for the same service .
1	he seemed very consciencious !
1	i would go here again in a minute !
1	but the real deal with porcelain veneers and crowns are just incredible .
1	not to mention , both of our lashes look amazing .
1	it was absolutely amazing i ca n't even believe it - so convenient ! !
1	very very good experience- every muscle was touched !
1	the doctor and office staff are exceptional !
1	i was especially impressed with doctor pfondevida .
1	he was professional , caring and efficient .
1	i would recommend eyes on las vegas to anyone !
1	suzy was the one that cleaned my teeth and she was fantastic !
1	her and dr.chase were very informative and listened to everything i had to say .
1	so happy i came across this place !
1	dr lao and his staff are terrific with kids and parents ! ! !
1	wonderful caring and so accommodating ! !
1	megan is so good at all to be done there ! ! ! !
1	so far so good , beautiful workout area up top and wonderful indoor pool .
1	i highly recommend this faculty to anyone that 's interested .
1	i 've taken all three of my boys here .
1	they 're always so friendly and take the time to get to know you .
1	the place was clean , calm , soothing and staff were friendly and professional .
1	great prices and excellent service .
1	they even showed me how to floss properly !
1	great staff and great experience .
1	dr. black has always been very thorough .
1	just an overall good experience every time .
1	charles was fantastic , very knowledgable and so professional ! !
1	i am so ecstatic about my results from charles .
1	he is the only injector i will be going to in the future !
1	i ca n't say enough good things about pvsec and their doctors .
1	all three departments have been amazing .
1	the results of the tests showed excess cortisol .
1	the cardiologist worked tirelessly with us and a pvsec internist .
1	the cardiologist even called us on christmas eve .
1	the service and care is beyond expectation .
1	hands down best dental practice i 've ever been to .
1	staff is professional and friendly and dr. nielson is just fantastic .
1	so happy with it .
1	he definitely has a gift !
1	so i was very skeptical about coming to this dentist .
1	we had a mid-morning appointment and were the only people in the waiting room .
1	she even took xrays ( which she had always thrown a fit about ) .
1	i actually felt very comfortable .
1	we will be going back for their next check up !
1	beautiful offices and katherine weidenbach , np-c , was excellent .
1	she did a complete exam for anything abnormal in a professional , competent manner .
1	i would definitely recommend her .
1	blake was amazing ! !
1	his office was so clean and he was so informative .
1	the machine was so quick did n't even hurt .
1	way cheaper and more effective than any other place i 've gone to !
1	definitely coming back to fix more of my tattoos
1	i had a great experience at terra vision .
1	all i had to do was pay the difference , easy & effortless process !
1	i 've seen dr. amanda on multiple occasions and am never disappointed !
1	she is super friendly and knowledgeable , listening well to what hurts and where .
1	trader joe 's has a new loyal customer !
1	everything about this visit was outstanding .
1	now , that kind of treatment will keep me coming back !
1	and the wine selection was ahhhmazing ! !
1	i totally think wine should be it 's own food group !
1	i mean i left with four bottles that i 'm looking forward to trying !
1	what can i say ... i 'm a sucker for wine .
1	just had my first hydrafacial over at light touch laser .
1	sally is really informative , kind , and easy to talk to .
1	the result was really soft and smooth skin .
1	the application feels really nice and cold and refreshing !
1	the medspa is really clean .
1	the workouts really push you .
1	great trainers and i love i quickly i have been able to see results .
1	i have been going to dynamic eye care for 5 years .
1	the personnel are very professional and provide excellent customer service which is beyond reproach .
1	one satisfied army ranger 1sg , retired
1	above & beyond acupuncture -- it 's the perfect name for this clinic .
1	) , i highly recommend paul to help you find your way .
1	this experience has been so much more than just acupuncture .
1	paul has really challenged me to be very honest with myself .
1	i was never in the present .
1	and i mean never .
1	i used to view life in black and white .
1	but now i 'm seeing in color .
1	my entire family has been coming to cd for years .
1	laser hair removal to injections to normal up keep .
1	the entire staff was extremely friendly and helpful !
1	they have a discounted puppy plan that covers all vaccinations and microchip implant .
1	go anyway , it is spectacular .
1	i bought the book ; - )
1	i have been here several times and loved it each time .
1	i have done the full body massage twice and the foot massage once .
1	i love the amount of pressure they use .
1	very firm but not overly so .
1	going back again this week !
1	dr. whelan helped my son with his tongue and lip tie .
1	best chinese foot massage ever ! !
1	wow amazing team so polite and friendly , i lucked in for sure !
1	had an emergency broken tooth and needed to go to work .
1	teeth are important in the service industry .
1	the bella smiles team did me straight .
1	i had the tooth fixed and my smile was looking just as new .
1	it was done so quickly and smoothly .
1	i know where all my teeth will be cleaned and worked on moving forward .
1	thank you dr casey and dr chawla .
1	i ca n't say enough about how great a therapist she is .
1	talk about working the aches and pain out ! ! !
1	i could n't ask for a better dentist for either me or my girls !
1	at brookstone dental care you are treated like family !
1	thank you brookstone for all that you 've done for me !
1	i have been going to drs .
1	thomas and rosko 's for 5 plus years and i would highly recommend them .
1	the doctors do a great job and they never hurt you .
1	dr. rose is the kindest and nicest primary care physician you 'll ever meet .
1	overall , top marks !
1	i used over the counter eye drops and nothing !
1	so thankfully dr. ortiz was able to figure it out .
1	he also educated me on what they do and how to prevent my issues .
1	i just went for my first visit at arcadia well women .
1	the doctor and staff are so friendly .
1	i am looking forward to meet her again and continue my treatment .
1	my hands look so much younger now .
1	it 's looking smoother and creamy again .
1	the skin seems to be tightening up too ... .with less creepiness .
1	this is so exciting ! ! ! !
1	a good warm , not a bad warm .
1	this is all mind boggling to me .
1	this is beyond what i expected ! ! !
1	i ca n't wait to see what happens from today 's appointment .
1	any pinkness or evidence of the treatment itself is gone by the next day .
1	no down time is a bonus for sure .
1	she really understands how seriously this affects my opinion of myself .
1	i am so incredibly happy i could just pop ! ! !
1	the phone people have all the records at their fingertips and are very pleasant .
1	shipment is free and trackable .
1	take both my daughters here !
1	moved away and came back to take them to dr. jensen again !
1	i really love it here !
1	dental assistants and front desk are always sweet .
1	i was blown away .
1	every last person in this practice is a gem .
1	i was a little doubtful about going to a `` chain '' .
1	i had bad experiences at local eye care chains .
1	the dr 's here all have huge experience .
1	the front staff fantastic .
1	and that one guy- whatta trip !
1	the saturday dynamic flow classes are awesome !
1	the class is a full hour and is the perfect weekend workout .
1	the class has a mixture of cardio , strength training , and plyometrics .
1	i am very thankful that i met dr. gross .
1	he is very knowledgeable and very professional .
1	i cried a lot when it happened and could n't look at her eye .
1	its very hard to see that when you are a parent .
1	she was taken by an ambulance to the hospital .
1	he cares a lot for his patients and that 's very important .
1	also the staff at the office are very nice always with a smile !
1	thank you dr robert gross .
1	my daughter 's eye is looking good now .
1	i am sorry it took me this time to post it .
1	this is my go-to spot lately .
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	everything is clean and smells good .
1	the price is too good to complain honestly !
1	one of the best nail salon 's i 've ever been .
1	clean , professional , and accommodating in a very reasonable price .
1	il y a un bureau de poste aussi , et le service est impeccable .
1	j'aime le fait qu'ils vendent les fruits maintenant aussi !
1	my girlfriend and i came in for a couples massage .
1	we were directed to the lounge .
1	it was relaxing for the meantime till our massage therapists came to greet us .
1	they were kind and good in their craft .
1	definitely come check this place out if your staying in vegas near the strip
1	i have been going to cheri for waxing services for about 7 years now .
1	she is very professional and knows how to make me feel comfortable .
1	she is knowledgeable about her profession and always looking for ways to improve .
1	we did the couples massage .
1	my massage was great .
1	all of my problem areas were addressed .
1	the employees were awesome .
1	the location and facility was great .
1	we will be back next month .
1	healthcare at its best .
1	i like the way they teach you about living a healthier lifestyle .
1	not just pump you full of meds then send you on your way .
1	they cover all aspects of health
1	i had the 60-minute foot spa .
1	after the climb to conquer cancer , the lady conquered my tired feet !
1	this is my favorite quest .
1	i made an appt and was in and out in less than twenty minutes .
1	very clean and incredibly nice staff .
1	would definitely recommend this office to others !
1	amazing staff and a wide variety of services !
1	the office was clean and everything seemed to be organized and easily accessible .
1	all in all , my experience here was easy and went smoothly .
1	i could n't have asked for a better experience .
1	thanks new life new image !
1	you 'll be seeing me again !
1	i love trader joe 's .
1	the people are friendly .
1	the products are great .
1	the spinach and artichoke dip is out of this world .
1	i always feel hip and cool shopping here .
1	i have never seen people park so poorly anywhere else in my life .
1	i take pictures of the terrible park jobs and send them to my friends .
1	they do n't have much selection or variety .
1	4 stars , because they have my heart - but are still inconvenient .
1	i was still terrified ! !
1	i had pretty much no pain after surgery .
1	another great thing is that everything is taken care of in one place .
1	mri , dr. appointments , surgery , and physical therapy .
1	they make it so convenient for you which is so much appreciated .
1	i highly recommend dr. bigler .
1	he 's not only a great dr , but a genuinely wonderful person !
1	i saw orsi weekly for approx 8 weeks until my arm was completely healed .
1	orsi used a number of different therapy methods as the injury continued to heal .
1	i greatly appreciate the professionals working at this facility .
1	she was super sweet and seriously amazing results ! !
1	i strongly recommend tamar for teeth whitening .
1	awesome prices and well worth the money .
1	my therapist was very nice and was in touch with how comfortable i was .
1	the massage table is nice and the warmers are great .
1	that only gets filled out your first time .
1	unfortunately i joined at a different location and the information did n't transfer over .
1	overall a good experience .
1	great place to unwind and relax .
1	james gives a fantastic massage and is super welcoming and friendly .
1	the staff is professional and the entire place is always very clean .
1	i will definitely be going back !
1	totally amazing ! ! !
1	the dentist at this specific location was so awesome !
1	this was my daughters first dental exam and she was so great !
1	this place is so cute !
1	and most importantly , super clean .
1	they have little snacks and drinks for customers in the waiting area .
1	and the two people that did my nails were super sweet .
1	definitely will be back every time i need my nails done !
1	i do n't even know where to start !
1	i must be prepared next time !
1	from start to finish i was so very pleased by their phenomenal service .
1	amanda is so good with kids and so is dr. galada .
1	i love being assisted by someone who is compassionate about their job .
1	they are all compassionate people here .
1	what a great experience for any child , especially it being their first visit .
1	we can not wait to go back in 6 months for another cleaning .
1	they are what they say they are , `` affordable '' !
1	this is their only kids ' office that they have here in las vegas .
1	terrific doctor ... dr. jacoby is a true gem .
1	love his staff too .
1	i highly recommend this doctor .
1	visited bernadette boyle ( aesthetician ) on 7/29/16 at the ironwood office .
1	front desk friendly , no wait , escorted back promptly .
1	she did not push any of their services and i could n't be happier .
1	i scheduled another visit for some laser treatments .
1	check out was great with beth !
1	been coming for a few years .
1	we are always seen on time , friendly staff , and they take insurance !
1	dr. fulcher and his staff were very friendly and knowledgable .
1	not only was dr fulcher good with adults but my kids loved him !
1	dr. kotoske was the same .
1	he was very positive , nice and reassuring .
1	i almost cried this time because dr. kotoske made me feel so great !
1	dr. maloney was absolutely helpful and friendly !
1	great optometrist to go too !
1	dr. olson is a total rockstar !
1	i had a fleur de lis tummy tuck per his recommendation .
1	his breadth of knowledge was vast , and his attention to detail unsurpassed .
1	i had a great experience with massage envy .
1	the whole experience from beginning to end was relaxing and amazing .
1	i just about sank into those comfy couches !
1	i love coming here .
1	the staff is friendly and they know me by now .
1	i love their salad bar because it 's fresh and i enjoy the variety .
1	i get an iced coffee here pretty much every morning .
1	i would rather get coffee here than starbucks .
1	honestly can say this is the best hospital ive ever been to .
1	i have been to other hospitals in the valley and none of them compare .
1	then another day for the surgery .
1	i know that wouldnt have happened if we came here .
1	i recommend everyone to come here .
1	i went to then because the great review about kids .
1	i took my 2 yr old and she loves it .
1	she always wants to come back for her turn .
1	the staff here is very friendly and always remembers who you are .
1	we still go here even now that we moved across the valley !
1	also they never make you feel bad for having unhealthy teeth .
1	come here if you want a friendly atmosphere !
1	i see lori here , who is a np .
1	she always listens to what i have to say .
1	she does my pap smears .
1	she 's very talkative , bubbly , and eccentric .
1	she tells you everything that she 's doing .
1	lori is the best ! !
1	i brought my 3 sons to see dr. zedek and have had phenomenal results .
1	dr. zedek is very informational and straight to the point .
1	he is also very willing to help .
1	i would definitely recommend !
1	regardless of that initial `` wtf..mate ? ''
1	moment i decided to give them a shot at being my visual providers .
1	i showed up on a saturday with prescription on-hand and tried on frames .
1	i did go home and thought about it .
1	returning on monday , my order was still ready to go .
1	i was told a week ... the glass were ready in 5 days .
1	i am a patient of dr. strohman .
1	this guy is as solid as they come .
1	he communicates exceptionally well , has extensive knowledge on pretty much all related topics .
1	if you are looking for a dr. in the area check him out !
1	i am so thankful to find dr rehl .
1	he truly is a godsend .
1	he took me on even though i was a new patient .
1	his staff is on point .
1	they are so professional and ready to assist .
1	my wait time was reasonable .
1	god bless him and those that work with him !
1	i just love this place ! !
1	i give them 10 stars if i could !
1	at first i was hesitant on trying the phone number on the website .
1	my wife came down with an illness the day of our arrival .
1	i called and spoke to dr. logan who prescribed her medication .
1	we picked it up at a local cvs .
1	my credit card information was stolen so i only had cash .
1	thank you dr. logan !
1	excellent dentist and hygienists .
1	marjie is one of the best massage therapists i 've ever visited .
1	visit her , you will not be disappointed !
1	i never would have thought i would find myself so pleased .
1	if i described this practice in one word it would be `` dedicated '' .
1	thank you from one of your newest loyal patients .
1	dr.maria muyot has been our kiddos pediatrician for 14 years .
1	she is always so very imformative and attentive and caring to our kids .
1	dr. weiner has seen our kids too and he is a very good doctor .
1	he too is very patient and caring for my babies .
1	the entire staff is very friendly and welcoming .
1	you can easily get same day appts .
1	i reccomend desert pediatrice to anybody with children !
1	tammy the owner does an amazing job with all of my skin care needs .
1	she is very experienced and knowledgeable .
1	check this place out !
1	to me , his experience surpasses that of any doctor i know .
1	open late night and the budtenders are highly knowledgeable , professional , and nice .
1	the budtender opened up and let me know how cbd has help his depression .
1	highly knowledgeable and not pushy or annoyed to answer questions .
1	so far i have had a very positive experience with the dental health services .
1	he really made me feel at ease .
1	i then came in for a cleaning and was seen by gene .
1	barb is hands down amazing !
1	i had restylane silk put in and absolutely loved the outcome !
1	days after the procedure , i had a few questions and texted barb .
1	she was great and answered my questions right away .
1	i would n't recommend anyone else to my friends and family !
1	we left with smiles on our faces & rejuvenated bodies ! !
1	very speedy urgent care .
1	i am now in my seventh month of seeing kenta at one self therapy .
1	the improvement i have seen in my back/neck/shoulders/sciatica/hip is incredible .
1	kenta helped with that .
1	i can not think of another time/s i have had better massages .
1	he is simply the best !
1	i am so happy that i made reiki a priority on my wedding day .
1	i also look very happy in my photos , instead of a blubbering mess .
1	thank you , josefa , for an amazing session when it really mattered !
1	i love the core institute .
1	i saw dr. scoggin - awesome doctor !
1	i went forward with the recommendation and am very happy with the results .
1	i am so grateful for their support and help .
1	was quoted a wait time of 2+ hours for care .
1	i only waited about an hour though .
1	once i was able to be seen , i was out in a jiffy .
1	friendly and efficient professional staff .
1	i agree with the other reviews about bailey nelson .
1	the staff were indeed not pushy at all .
1	the inside looked amazing .
1	very minimal , a few nice looking plants .
1	i will be back for sure .
1	this is good value for your money .
1	this is how they save on money i guess .
1	i guess for the eye wear nerds this wo n't do .
1	i recently had a massage from bridgette .
1	bridgette took note of that and worked on my upper back .
1	as a runner , i really appreciate this .
1	they seem to have the appt .
1	times down so there 's no waiting .
1	an expert at her craft .
1	stellar discounts available at groupon and yelp , that 's how i found them .
1	i used groupon for initial visit and yelp to help pay for the plan .
1	fortunately , i have n't had to see him much ; - )
1	my 18 month old daughter had her first dental visit today with dr kim .
1	espace nomad is such an amazing place to relax and unwind .
1	when i walked inside , i noticed how clean and serene the place is .
1	after filling up the forms , we were then introduced to our masseuse .
1	we were led to a room downstairs .
1	after this , they started our massage and it was heavenly .
1	i have never felt so relaxed !
1	they made it easier on me with their friendly & positive demeanor 's .
1	dr. garcia is wonderful .
1	we 've been taking our son there since he was born .
1	she is very thorough and caring .
1	i would definitely recommend her to my friends .
1	i will say the wait times can be extremely unpredictable .
1	work on getting people in and out !
1	you are covered the entire time and can be completely clothed .
1	partitions are all around so you 'll have a semiprivate room .
1	we tipped $ 15 each .
1	i am new to the area and fractured a molar .
1	i googled the nearest dentist and found dr. rudnyk .
1	his office was able to work me in within the hour .
1	i feel very fortunate that the nearest dentist happened to be the best dentist .
1	he now has a patient for life .
1	i have been taking my son to see dr tripp for two years .
1	dr garcia is awesome and so is her staff .
1	everyone is sweet and my kids love coming here .
1	highly recommend this optometrist and practice .
1	the space is so welcoming , relaxing and just comfortable .
1	all for a true `` wow '' experience ! !
1	i 'll definitely return !
1	andy , the receptionist was very pleasant and helpful .
1	the facility was very clean .
1	i was seen right away , there was no waiting .
1	the customer service was excellent .
1	no babies just yet !
1	i really look forward to my care here throughout the years !
1	dr gill and pharmacist gary are both amazing !
1	very happy they are downtown and another location in liberty village soon !
1	these two are great !
1	i ca n't rave about the wellsh eye center enough !
1	everyone in there was beyond friendly while maintaining excellent professionalism !
1	i had no complications with my lasik .
1	i ca n't believe i waited so long !
1	i would recommend them to anyone considering lasik .
1	i really liked him !
1	he can be a little rude but he is a good doctor .
1	i can not tell anything about my results since i am still in treatment .
1	this office has a wonderful group of doctors and very helpful staff .
1	i highly recommend visiting this office !
1	dr. keller is an expert at what he does .
1	especially nurse fischer who always delivers great care with a smile .
1	he is very friendly and welcoming the moment you meet him .
1	and omg the staff is also just as sweet and kind .
1	she is extremely talented !
1	is highly recommend her .
1	blake was very knowledgeable and helpful .
1	he is afforabel and i would definitely recommend him .
1	morning crew is super chill and helpful .
1	great tips and ideas on how to reach my goals .
1	went there for my first day today .
1	i loved this place !
1	wish i came here before !
1	love , love , love your cookies .
1	i have not felt like this in a very long time .
1	best experience i 've had getting my teeth cleaned .
1	i 'm hard of hearing and every effort was made to accommodate me .
1	also extra effort was made to make the experience comfortable .
1	putting moisture on my lips before the procedure was wonderful .
1	i 've never had that done before and my lips were always sore afterwards .
1	but not this time .
1	all the doctors at alliance are great including dr. park and dr. pierson .
1	the spa is off the strip and very close to the rio .
1	a 80 minute massage is priced right at $ 100 .
1	the hotel massages are generally much more than that for just 50 minutes .
1	it was 80 minutes of gentle but soothing strokes and pressure .
1	this is an awesome place .
1	i woke up in the morning with great pain in my neck and shoulder .
1	i thought it will go away quickly but it did n't .
1	dr. xiao is very friendly , and she listened carefully to understand my problem .
1	she is also very professional and she has clear treatment plan for my issue .
1	i go to gretta for facials and love the job she does .
1	afterwards my skin glows and gretta is a delight to spend the hour with .
1	i would recommend a facial with gretta anytime .
1	you will not be disappointed .
1	based on my needs i chose lasik .
1	the entire procedure was very quick !
1	i was surprised at how fast and painless it was !
1	today , my vision is 20/15 , that 's better than 20/20 .
1	thee nicest optometrist ever !
1	its always a pleasure seeing dr. maloney for my annual eye check ups.. trust !
1	you wo n't be disappointed .
1	the absolute best customer service .
1	got a chicken salad sandwich and i do n't remember smiling so much .
1	steven at the deli made ordering an experience .
1	his love for life and people shines through .
1	now that is leadership and service at his best .
1	i will definitely be back ! !
1	i love this store , period .
1	this is the place i go to make my body hum .
1	this is a grocery shopping experience beyond compare .
1	i seriously could shop here every day !
1	if you care about your health and your body , shop here .
1	i am a massive fan of fresh .
1	in fact , i own a `` fresh # 1 '' foam finger .
1	strange to some people , but completely normal to me .
1	friendly and helpful staff , good selection of frames , very thorough eye exam .
1	they also have a great referral program .
1	so nice and friendly !
1	instead they encourage you to be better !
1	he was nice and calming but i did find that he was very rushed .
1	procedure itself was essentially pain-free .
1	by day 4 the swelling had reduced and tearing subsided .
1	visual acuity is decent , with some blurry vision but otherwise good !
1	i come here almost every week or every 2 weeks .
1	the staff is always super friendly and sweet and remember my name !
1	loooove how thick the smoothies are , i hate super watery and runny smoothies .
1	it 's sooo bomb and nowhere sells anything like it .
1	i told all my friends about it and they order it now too !
1	love , love , love this place .
1	you can also ask to split it into two cups .
1	the pre-natal massages are amazing and everyone is always incredible friendly .
1	do n't pass them up !
1	definitely pleased with the office and staff .
1	the environment was warm and friendly .
1	the office was very clean and modern .
1	staff was professional and kind !
1	i love the friendly atmosphere and individual way to workout .
1	there are very professional trainers and experts .
1	i will recommend this studio to my friends .
1	a quick google search found dr. foust quite near me .
1	open on weekends - yes !
1	could they get me in on short notice - yes !
1	that alone would have sold me .
1	the environment in the office is laid back and modern .
1	the options were explained to me and bam - i was outta there .
1	now i have a new dentist .
1	i am in las vegas for ces .
1	scouting around i called dr. logan .
1	still good service i get here
1	but ... not all was good .
1	kristine did an amazing job on my botox and lips !
1	i 'm planning on going back for several more procedures in the near future .
1	everything i look for in a great chiropractor !
1	the place is clean and cared about , with excellent `` machinery '' inside .
1	at least i have not seen anything getting even close to it .
1	good job guys - keep it running !
1	my old stylist referred me to rejuvenation when i moved to madison .
1	it also seems much less expensive than it should be .
1	the only thing i do n't like is the chairs at the shampoo station .
1	no need to look any further !
1	well i have been coming here for last 2 years .
1	i have n't had any problems with any of the staff .
1	i see sylvia menasco who i love .
1	she is sweet and understanding and easy to talk to .
1	i did come here several years ago and saw one of the main doctors .
1	i think dr. tyre .
1	love the fresh fruits/veggies , great prices on stocking up on essentials .
1	they are friendly and can recommend wines , too .
1	love the goat cheese , chicken dumplings and sorbet selections .
1	great staff and provider !
1	i am extremely happy with there services and overall pleasant demeanor .
1	you can always tell a great provider by there employees .
1	we bring our whole family here .
1	the kids actually do not dread going , which is rare .
1	they really are a wonderful dental group .
1	you would be happy at this place .
1	i rarely write reviews , but this place deserves one .
1	first time in today , and def wo n't be the last .
1	top notch instruction , and challenging for any level .
1	i do n't know omar well , but he seems amazing .
1	great vibe in the studio and it 's designed well .
1	nv family care has the nicest staff !
1	they offer so many services so need to go several specialist .
1	we just love him .
1	highly recommend him for any orthopedic problems .
1	thank you dr z ... .
1	omg talk about great friendly service ! !
1	i 've been going to elite for almost 2 years now .
1	i never thought i would find a gym i actually enjoy .
1	chris ( owner ) and his team are friendly and fantastic .
1	i consider them all my friends .
1	elite is a clean and well equipped establishment where anyone is welcome .
1	i highly recommend checking it out .
1	one word : heavenly .
1	solescape has a very welcoming and relaxing vibe .
1	the woman at the front desk was also very nice .
1	we started off by al sitting down with me and asking me any concerns .
1	he told me that he does ashiatsu , which i 've never had before .
1	he was kind , warm , and funny .
1	such a nice guy !
1	i was a little nervous ( feet ! )
1	but it was soooo relaxing .
1	an hour massage cost $ 75 ( plus tip ) .
1	expensive , but seriously worth it .
1	i honestly ca n't think of one thing i 'd change .
1	this was the best , amazing , relaxing ... all the things .
1	thanks , solescape and al !
1	i 'd definitely recommend taking your pets here .
1	i went in with a partially collapsed disk .
1	every other place recommended surgery .
1	finding a doctor is always nerve-wracking .
1	i was a patient here for nearly 6 years before moving to new mexico .
1	i liked that dr. sakon is vey matter- of- fact .
1	i rarely had to wait more than 20 minutes for an appointment .
1	the office staff was always friendly .
1	i 've been going there for over a year now , for cleanings .
1	i was impressed with the nice decor and friendly staff .
1	i had heard horror stories from friends about pain and swelling .
1	need any medication and went on with my day !
1	tammy the tech was friendly enough .
1	i will return to them for future orthopedic and sports medicine needs .
1	i have only had one root canal before many many years ago .
1	i had to have it redone due to it getting infected .
1	my dr was ethan baker .
1	the evaluation seemed rushed but after i was sure , everything went great .
1	that was a nice change from other dr 's who are completely quiet .
1	he also seems to say what he is doing next to keep you informed .
1	while the initial arrival was rocky , it all went well and ended well .
1	i would go back .
1	dr. roskus gave me straight , beautiful teeth with invisalign .
1	i could n't believe what a difference it made !
1	his recommendations were exactly what i had been looking for , in a smile .
1	i used my groupon to go see nela .
1	she was sweet and did a wonderful job !
1	i highly recommend their products and them !
1	this is by far the best dental experience i have ever had .
1	everyone was very nice .
1	they really made you feel comfortable and at home .
1	all of the equipment was top of the line and up to date !
1	my cleaning was quick and painless .
1	i was in an out in less than an hour !
1	did i mention that i left with a new patient goodie bag ?
1	he was amazing with her .
1	he even high five-d her after her filling !
1	great off and a great staff !
1	this place was amazing !
1	brandy was so nice and friendly with our first ultrasound ever !
1	she took us in right away and made us feel comfortable .
1	the room was so big and was very neat !
1	this definitely deserves 5 stars ! ! !
1	i definitely will be back !
1	the office staff were very nice and helpful .
1	the office is very nice and clean .
1	there was no waiting time to get in .
1	will definitely recommend dr ryan
1	dr. menta has been providing excellent chiropractic care .
1	the pizza bar is perfect and offer the awesome 2 for $ 5 slices .
1	they had a warmer taste to them .
1	the basil tasted just like fresh made pesto .
1	i also tried the chilli oil and that one had a zing to it .
1	my tongue was tingly all over .
1	she creeped me out a little .
1	this natural products store has been around for quite some time .
1	at least over twenty years , servicing the southern and eastern areas of charlotte .
1	not many food items here but some .
1	what you will find the most of is nutritional supplements .
1	a very good selection too .
1	this place does big business with omega-3 fatty acid products .
1	another big seller here is pet foods ; for both cats and dogs .
1	the shining stars here are the owners and clerks .
1	there were multiple people checking patients in so we were n't waiting very long .
1	not sure why -- -- -- -- probably cause he was cute or something .
1	no , jk- i really do n't remember .
1	anyway -- we were in and out in 1.5 hours which is pretty fast .
1	everyone was polite- no one was rude at all .
1	there is a big waiting room in the er check in area .
1	needs some big time upgrading .
1	it could be scary .
1	the chairs are really old looking .
1	it 's time for some upgrades .
1	the cafeteria also in this area , as well as the gift shop .
1	access to the rest of the hospital is an elevator away .
1	all in all -- good experience !
1	husband walked out with achilles tendinitis and meds !
1	professional , clean , and always on time !
1	special thanks to my dental hygienist beverly udeli !
1	this company consistently provides exception service to my customers .
1	jason is timely , professional , and provides incredible customer service to our clients .
1	the same day results are a huge help as well !
1	thank you guys for the great work .
1	anyway , what a tremendous improvement .
1	to start , paul will consult with you to assess the problem/s .
1	along with that he has given some nutrition advice and reading recommendations .
1	he truly has a gift and i can not recommend him enough .
1	we took our son to this er for a simple stomach virus .
1	they did such a thorough job that they found a tumor in his chest .
1	the radiologist saw an enlarged thymus from the x-ray .
1	i will forever be thankful to the doctors that did their job that day .
1	i had a groupon for facial and had a very relaxing experience .
1	she made me feel at ease .
1	i did n't have any issues and her place was clean .
1	i would recommend her to anyone .
1	dr. miller is an outstanding surgeon and i am thrilled with my new breasts .
1	they 're absolutely perfect ! ! !
1	i will definitely return to dr. miller for any future procedures !
1	literally the best massage i have ever had .
1	the massage therapist and receptionist spoke little english but did great work .
1	the results were fantastic .
1	i wished i lived in az to go there regularly .
1	this office is awesome .
1	i love the workouts , the positivity , and staff .
1	favorite place to shop !
1	it is all about experience at this whole foods .
1	clean , safe , convenient
1	i am losing weight and understanding better how this is supposed to work !
1	jennifer is great and very through the staff is wonderful also !
1	wellness check up for my girls appt .
1	at 9am in to see the dr and nurse within 1hr .
1	i like fast appt 's .
1	can not wait to return .
1	i got a package and that 's not typically something i do .
1	i would definitely recommend them to my friends and family .
1	great job and thank you !
1	clean , trendy and cute nail and lash shop .
1	i was able to walk in and get a pedicure right away .
1	the polish section was very organized and made my process extremely seamless .
1	they showcased some samples that look amazing !
1	millie , who was my tech is absolutely amazing .
1	she 's patient , a perfectionist & not once did i feel rushed .
1	love it , bigger place that i went before .
1	my son loves the colorful wall ( nemo & dory ) .
1	the doctor & nurses are very nice , fast & friendly .
1	went here yesterday with a living social deal for a massage .
1	once back there , it feels just like being in a luxury resort .
1	i thought the couple 's mani/pedi and hot tub spa room was especially adorable .
1	) , i got a little worried .
1	here was this cute little girl ; perky , but pretty tiny .
1	however , i was thoroughly impressed with her skills !
1	so this was a nice way to qualm those concerns .
1	there were only 2 real drawbacks to my massage .
1	and second , it was pretty cold in there .
1	however , overall this was a fantastic massage .
1	it felt so much longer than an hour , and in a good way !
1	this is the most awesome vet clinic i have ever been to ! !
1	i will always go here from now on .
1	dr. casey is totally awesome !
1	you owe it to your pet to go here .
1	suzi is starting the process of helping my back heal .
1	i have only just started but first impressions are everything .
1	my first impression of suzi is that she is very courteous & knowledgeable .
1	i 'm not very comfortable with massages but suzi made me feel very comfortable .
1	i always get complimented on my nails whenever i get them done here .
1	this review is about vanessa because she is the shit !
1	truth be told she is the messiah of acrylics .
1	this is because of her technique and how she applies the nails .
1	on the weekends , she 's busy as hell .
1	it 's madness ! ! !
1	you have better luck booking an appointment with her monday/tuesday/wednesday .
1	gel pedicures start at $ 35 !
1	most places charge $ 45+ !
1	the nails techs are nice and professional .
1	i 'm picky and for the most part they are patient with me .
1	complimentary refreshments as you wait .
1	i contacted pritchette for my elderly mother .
1	their 10 perfect reviews made them an option i wanted to pursue .
1	i am grateful they have taken such good care of my mother !
1	made our visit as quick and friendly as possible .
1	i could n't help but see a negative rating above .
1	and i can understand how someone could feel that way , at first .
1	dr. kaplan , is quick and to the point .
1	those qualities are hard to find together these days !
1	i would not change my team , for anything !
1	he did n't bat an eye at taking on such a risk factor !
1	i thank him each and every day in my prayers !
1	the staff is also very caring as well as proficient !
1	thank you all , at academic urology , anthem .
1	from a very grateful , and still alive , patient !
1	respectfully , kathy t .
1	i have been going to this location for quite some time .
1	i have never been disappointed .
1	kim is the sweetest and best masseuse i have ever had .
1	one of the most caring dentist i have ever been to !
1	excellent work , fast , efficient and everything you could ask for .
1	i never liked going to the dentist ( who does ? )
1	but with his outstanding staff and pain-free work i no longer put it off .
1	currently have another lab under the care of dr mackillop for epilepsy .
1	on all visits everyone had been professional and clearly loves animals .
1	it truly is `` you get what you pay for ''
1	great staff all the way around .
1	would recommended this to anyone in need of physical therapy .
1	pablo is great to work with and informs you well .
1	everything was set up at the house by the time the patient arrived home .
1	megan , the nurse , is extremely compassionate , thorough , and informative .
1	i definitely recommend infinity hospice care .
1	daisy mountain veterinary hospital is everything i 've ever looked for in a vet .
1	i brought my 3 month old daughter in due to wheezing and coughing .
1	i 'm a mother of 6 , but having a 10 lb .
1	baby struggling to breathe is a nerve-wracking situation .
1	( let 's hope not ! )
1	by far the best experience i 've had in 13 years as a mother !
1	this is pretty much the only straight up smoothie shop in the madison area .
1	but smoothie king knows what 's up .
1	it 's my hangover cure and my energy boost .
1	i prefer these guys to getting a coffee at starbucks .
1	visiting las vegas from australia .
1	first visit to the office and everyone was very helpful and welcoming .
1	explained all technical terms and insurance information in detail .
1	grand opening was predictably busy even during early afternoon .
1	staffs are so friendly and helpful .
1	i had no issues with the staff at all .
1	maybe they were having a good day .
1	you 'll get it every where the doctor spend time with you .
1	i have learned to not schedule anything for 3 hours after appointment time .
1	staying with this doctor , at least he cares .
1	we had a great experience !
1	i would recommend them !
1	they provided care that made sure my family member was comfortable .
1	i can not say enough good things about the staff at sage .
1	i was very fortunate to have their care and services for my loved one .
1	they made everything as easy as it could be during a tough time .
1	thank you sage hospice for the professionalism and care you provide .
1	i went for a quick bite during tiff .
1	i was seated and served quickly .
1	it was so satisfying .
1	i grabbed a fresh pressed juice to go , which was expensive but delicious .
1	absolutely the nicest people you will ever work with !
1	price was more than fair .
1	i would not hesitate to use them again .
1	i tried this location of the joint and i am definitely a fan .
1	my wife and i were in scottsdale and she wanted to try botox .
1	sensational skin came highly recommended , and i must say they did not disappoint .
1	she came out and was very impressed .
1	a few weeks have went by and she looks amazing .
1	everyone was so nice and helpful .
1	my wife and i are recommending sensational skin to everyone ! !
1	dr. sifri and his staff were all friendly , polite and respectful .
1	i find that both of these things often elicit judgmental responses .
1	i love this doctor .
1	he was so thorough .
1	he took his time and asked all kinds of questions .
1	he diagnosed my problem and solved my issues when my regular doctor could not .
1	his office is old school .
1	charts are paper , no credit card machine , etc .
1	i highly recommend him .
1	in fact , i wish dr. abrams could be my dentist !
1	but , i think their secret weapon is sam !
1	he always remembers my kids and he is always so personable with them !
1	they are very quick once the kids are in the chair !
1	all in all i think jfk is a great place for kids .
1	they have a very friendly staff too .
1	the hygienist is super nice and the assistants are all great too !
1	i have never had a problem with any of them .
1	they really seem to care about their patients here .
1	the staff at the front desk are kind and efficient .
1	i never waited longer than 5 minutes , which is very impressive .
1	the surgery was over in less than an hour , including prep time .
1	thank you dr. bond for taking such good care of your patients .
1	awesome staff and dr yee !
1	helped me out with an urgent eye concern !
1	i recommend this place highly !
1	i had a treatment this weekend !
1	google red light therapy .
1	they are a wealth of health info .
1	i 've learned so much !
1	and feel so much better .
1	my favorite spot to buy items for my hookah .
1	prices are reasonable and staff is always friendly and knowledgable .
1	dr. will is awesome !
1	i sought out chiropractic because i had terrible headaches for years .
1	he puts a lot of time into each treatment and i feel great !
1	brendan treats each individual as if they are an all-star and olympian .
1	thanks brendan for all that you do to help others !
1	- cristin van driel , cvd coaching
1	charles has done my botox and has done an amazing job !
1	then he works his magic !
1	you must definitely make an appointment with him if you are considering some botox !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	leah is a kind , compassionate and extremely knowledgeable therapist .
1	i highly recommend her !
1	pearson eyecare group has phenomenal customer service .
1	dr. black was great too .
1	i would highly recommend this place .
1	jessica is wonderful with color , technique , and conversation .
1	definitely give this place a look !
1	the office staff is also on top of their game .
1	it was above and beyond .
1	now this place is very expensive .
1	i think my 1 month cost about $ 250 .
1	ca n't remember the exact number but it was close to that .
1	the gym is really big .
1	they have 3 main training areas , a small octagon and a boxing ring .
1	the training staff here is really good and they do know their stuff .
1	you 'll then pair off with a partner and start doing lessons .
1	it 's all there .
1	i felt light , my back and leg pain desapeared
1	products work good for me .
1	top notch customer support !
1	i wish i had stumbled across fresh earlier .
1	i enjoy the personal attention and professional advise they give .
1	use this place for all my supplemental needs , highly recommend .
1	i have been going here since i have lived in vegas .
1	the staff is wonderful and very helpful .
1	dr. vu is great and straight forward .
1	staff is polite , kind and very understanding .
1	especially if you do the online check in .
1	my father is a disabled army veteran .
1	we coordinated his disability case with this firm .
1	they provide sensarional customer support and address any concerns you have .
1	optimism is n't the best part though .
1	dave actually follows through with it until the very end .
1	what he explained to my dad and i was pertinent information .
1	the hearing went according to what dave told us .
1	my dad ended up receiving the benefits he deserved for his disability .
1	we are extremely satisfied with how this ordeal turned out with this company !
1	i see kylie at the scottsdale location and she is awesome !
1	she is very caring and really takes her time with you .
1	i brought my 17 year old daughter to dr.kwak-tran and she was very helpful .
1	she spent a lot of time with her and eased all of her concerns .
1	very nice and her front desk staff was very nice and friendly .
1	this place is awesome .
1	my dog chewed the arms off of my glasses .
1	i went in there with them .
1	right away they got me somebody .
1	will always go here for my glasses .
1	i 've seen doctor young 3 times now .
1	he is a great and knowledgeable .
1	everytime i 've had an appointment its been a great experience .
1	he and his staff are very kind and helpful .
1	he listens to my concerns and answers my question .
1	i would highly recommend him to anyone looking for a spine specialist .
1	dr. hsu and his staff are amazing .
1	being see him for over 15 years and could n't be happier .
1	they are always extremely professional and helpful .
1	my entire family uses him now .
1	very professional and painless .
1	i would definitely recommend to friends and family .
1	thank you guys for making my teeth white !
1	heather , the dental hygienist is the best !
1	she is oh so compassionate and kind !
1	heather 's professionalism and kindness makes going to the dentist a pleasant experience .
1	she put me at ease right away .
1	she was very sweet and knowledgeable in her profession .
1	she is thorough and prompt .
1	she always works with you and understands life issues .
1	i love this location even more now : ) thank you .
1	friendly professional staff pa was great talked to us not down to us .
1	made my daughter feel at ease and comfortable .
1	biopsy was done to make sure all was ok .
1	had a great experience at today nails .
1	foot massage was amazing as well as a gel manicure .
1	i would recommend this place to visitors and locals .
1	ask for lou , ivy , ben , or kevin .
1	there was no wait for services and everyone was so kind !
1	they go above and beyond for their customers .
1	i chose them because i liked the style of their eyewear .
1	the prices are good and they are cognizant of budgets without compromising your needs .
1	she had somewhat of an accent and we ca n't quit remember her name .
1	she was more than helpful .
1	when someone thanks you a simple your welcome !
1	or have a nice day would n't hurt !
1	she does not belong in that office not with an attitude like that .
1	called up and was able to get an appointment the next day .
1	follow up appointments were scheduled super quick .
1	friendly staff and great doctors !
1	glad they opened up in old town !
1	my girlfriend and i went to several consultations looking for breast augmentation .
1	dr. meger came highly recommended .
1	his nurse theresa is by far the best ! !
1	she recommended a bigger size and we are both glad we went bigger .
1	the office staff is great , nice and friendly .
1	i highly recommend dr. meger for all your cosmetic surgery needs .
1	second , debbie is fantastic .
1	she did an amazing job .
1	i 'll definitely go back to this shop and plan to request her again .
1	update : debbie has moved on from massage envy ... just fyi .
1	i just moved close to their area and i was glad i found them .
1	the massage experience is amazing and consistent .
1	needless to say that i wake up not feeling rested .
1	i was able to float for the first time and truly enjoyed it .
1	when you hear floating in the dark for 1 hour sounds a bit daunting .
1	seeing is understanding : you are in control of the environment .
1	your pod is a private room with shower .
1	you control lights sound/music and can leave pod door ajar or completely open .
1	this establishment is very clean and organized .
1	i really appreciated the staff they were very informative and made feel at home .
1	i really look forward to floating again with true rest float spa
1	i think this place is amazing .
1	i would highly recommend kharma life center .
1	i 've driven by many times and finally decided to stop in .
1	we are very pleased with the experience especially because there is no appointment necessary .
1	i signed up today for the monthly family membership .
1	dr. roach explained the entire chiropractic process .
1	there was no wait time and we had the room to ourselves .
1	service was good and it was definitely worth the value .
1	everything about this salon is as good as it gets .
1	scheduling is efficient and accommodating to a busy schedule .
1	everyone is welcoming and extremely personable .
1	i would highly recommend this salon !
1	scheduled an appointment for a massage after a long day in conference .
1	best massage i 've ever had !
1	loved loved loved my treatment here .
1	i bought a groupon for ionic foot detox and shampoo with a scalp massage .
1	now my hair is permanently soft and wonderful .
1	... still 5 stars after filings !
1	nice to go to an all around efficient doctor 's office here in vegas !
1	finally , a solid dentist !
1	i am a patient of dr. weingarten for more than 10 years .
1	i am very happy with his services .
1	he is highly professional and i like his bedside manners , too .
1	the office staff people are pleasant and well trained .
1	the place is cram packed with tons of organic stuff .
1	the prices ca n't be beat .
1	and chances are , you 'll find something new to try .
1	that 's the best part about visiting this store !
1	they used to get it at wal-mart in iowa !
1	i called and andy in the grocery department was super helpful !
1	mom and dad bought 3lbs for $ 5.99 .
1	honestly , i love whole foods for certain items .
1	next time i 'm in , i will be sure to ask !
1	she 's kind , intelligent , and incredibly skilled at her craft .
1	i 'd entrust her with my life .
1	best ymca in charlotte !
1	i 've been going here for years .
1	( how you know when it 's good ? ) .
1	i enjoy not having to think about my workout so i do take classes .
1	here are some of my favorites : barre- with julie !
1	for insurance i do n't think it gets better than anthem bcbs .
1	i mean , c'mon .
1	that 's pretty awesome . )
1	armed with my new insurance , i went in for an evaluation and cleaning .
1	it did n't hurt one bit .
1	i liked that touch .
1	look no further than smart dental .
1	dr. sifri and his staff are wonderful !
1	i have had a problem in my shoulder area for over a year now .
1	the session was painfully good , i feel 100 times better .
1	the pain that i was constantly feeling has subsided greatly .
1	i will be back for follow up treatments .
1	nice clean rooms and pleasant staff .
1	some of the music selection is odd ( religious ) .
1	this place offers great spa services at really great prices .
1	the students that perform the services are all very thorough and friendly .
1	but for the price , who really cares ? ? ?
1	nice gym where you can olympic lift as well as all other types .
1	his strong pressure was right on - intense , but good !
1	thank you for everything !
1	it was a very relaxing experience .
1	kudos to your operation and great job !
1	i will be back forever !
1	found them on groupon and i 'm so happy i did .
1	alan did my deep tissue massage and was absolutely amazing !
1	they are lucky to have him .
1	sometimes i feel like the therapist is rushed and not into their job .
1	when someone has their hands on you , you feel their energy and intentions .
1	i could tell that he enjoys his work .
1	he was n't rushed .
1	this is huge for me !
1	i cant wait to go back .
1	already booked my next appointment with alan .
1	they have great packages and do chair massages as well .
1	give them a try !
1	i got a groupon for their sauna and jade table massage .
1	the sauna is just great !
1	the missing star ... a shower for a quick refresh would be awesome !
1	i was iffy about it since it was a groupon .
1	i had kayla do my lashes she is amazing , funny and friendly !
1	not to mention my eyelashes look amazing !
1	she gave me her personal number just incase anything happened .
1	keri is an awesome hygienist who custom tailored a maintenance program for me .
1	the offices and facilities are first rate and expertise unmatched .
1	summer ensures that billing is always detailed and correct .
1	such a great experience !
1	charles was very friendly and gentle .
1	the salon is very nice and clean .
1	i 'd had injections once before , but this experience definitely outweighed the first .
1	i 'll be going back when it 's time for fillers again .
1	best grocery store ever .
1	came here a few weeks ago for my ultrasound !
1	she answered any questions we had .
1	she also explained everything we were looking at !
1	and so cool she texted us the photos right away !
1	the pricing is extremely reasonable .
1	although they are all students , they have really good knowledge .
1	i get a standard facial every time .
1	they record and save your information for your next visit .
1	i would recommend them .
1	i use to go to to ulta and spent over $ 60+ a facial .
1	for the same service , $ 30+ .
1	i 'll definitely be back soon .
1	dr. roach is seriously the best .
1	they do a free body-fat composition with specific details .
1	it 's hands-down legit !
1	they also offer protein supplements without sugar , which is ideal .
1	additionally , the store is super clean and the service is top-notch .
1	if you ask a question , they will answer it in a friendly way .
1	there are no attitudes here at all .
1	quick and easy way to get after hours care .
1	- especially when you have a sick and cranky toddler in the back seat .
1	but it 's worth it !
1	dr. harouni is very kind and warm , and very , very smart .
1	there 's even fruit and coffee in the waiting room .
1	both dr tang and his staff are friendly , kind , and efficient .
1	i would recommend dr. tang to anyone looking for a new dentist .
1	she was very , very good .
1	this was a 90 minute massage .
1	go see brittney it 's worth it .
1	i 'll make this short ... sort of like my visit to urgent care .
1	i was in and out in an hour .
1	they were professional , kind , understanding and did exactly what i needed .
1	they did the job and all was well .
1	this was my second visit and i am totally happy with them .
1	i 'm glad they 're near me .
1	i love the macrobiotic soba noodle bowl w 369 sauce on the side .
1	pisses me off they do n't have calorie counts .
1	bathrooms clean and nice .
1	i first saw him for recurring foot , ankle and knee pain .
1	thanks for all of your help dr. serrick , you 're amazing !
1	they fixed their issues with wait times .
1	i have had great success with medshape over the months .
1	they ended up helping me lose 55 pounds so far .
1	i just wish she was at the mesa office more often on fridays .
1	i woke up this morning with fever blisters/cold sores aka herpes on my lips .
1	it stops the spreading .
1	while on vacation i had an outbreak due to having a fever all night .
1	i had one valtrex with me .
1	she said call an urgent care in vegas .
1	i called this place.. dr logan answers to the phone .
1	apparently the laws are different out here .
1	he was very careful in his process .
1	$ 50 and i was done .
1	the women 's locker room alone is enough to rant and rave about !
1	my favorite thing about this gym is the classes .
1	i really love this store !
1	i like the fact that i can purchase healthy food nearby is great .
1	the prices are not too high and they offer a good variety .
1	my only complaint is that the cashiers are so unfriendly !
1	this is definitely the best place to go to for any dental work..
1	this is the most amazing place if you are looking for scar revision !
1	dr mall and mitchelle took great care of me .
1	i recieved genesis laser and a few cortizone shots !
1	both painless and very reasonably priced !
1	this is the place to go if your looking for any skin care needs !
1	i like the brittney who i saw today .
1	it was interesting to have 2 trainees in the room with me .
1	i was fine with it .
1	i talk a lot and always have away to make them laugh .
1	eases up the atmosphere of the room .
1	they had two kitties about 10 mo .
1	we saw a gray and a black kitty .
1	shots , spaying , chip and declawing is schedule this next week .
1	she 's now gained a new name of `` coco . ''
1	she has a facebook page too as `` coco 's kitty page '' .
1	we welcome your visits .
1	please `` like '' and enjoy her adventures .
1	i love dr. layman and her staff .
1	if you need braces then i recommend santucci orthodontics .
1	they make you feel pretty special sometimes .
1	you get 5 geckles per visit as long as you meet the requirements .
1	their staff is awesome ! !
1	recently i broke what 's called my 'bite corrector . '
1	its a bar inside my mouth attached to my braces that corrects my bite .
1	unfortunately it broke on a saturday evening .
1	i do n't even know if they were open yet !
1	now that 's awesome !
1	i highly recommend santucci orthodontics !
1	dr. rowe is very kind and patient ... and fast !
1	very pain-free , stress-free experience today getting a couple of fillings .
1	i was dreading it , but dr. rowe & her team made it easy .
1	the service dog , zach , was a nice touch too .
1	i felt very comfortable here & would highly recommemd her .
1	i do recommend this place super clean or looking for weekend appointments ! ! !
1	my cousins and i went here for a facial/massage package and were blown away !
1	all of our therapists were awesome !
1	my massage therapist , douglas , was amazing !
1	i shall definitely return to this place every time i 'm in vegas !
1	literally the best doctor in history .
1	he 's not like my best friend or something this is a real review .
1	i have nothing but gratitude for his plastic surgery for my injury .
1	our family loves this dental office .
1	dr. trevor is amazing !
1	great staff , very clean office .
1	kim did my chemical peel and my mothers facial today and it was wonderful !
1	she is very sweet and fun to talk to !
1	she is very careful , gentle and incredibly knowledgeable .
1	we will definitely be returning to see her !
1	update : surgery was a success !
1	i can not wait to be myself again !
1	i ca n't believe i feel like this !
1	never had to wait .
1	usually go in right away which i like .
1	the dentist was very kind and gentle .
1	glad i found this place .
1	i highly recommend bateman dental .
1	my favorite dentist by far .
1	actually enjoyed going to the dentist for once .
1	would definitely recommend this to family and friends .
1	i had a fantastic massage .
1	ian and amy are great and really are passionate about their work .
1	what an amazing experience !
1	i found this place through a living social deal .
1	all i can say is i am so happy i found this place !
1	actually , i could say so much more but i will keep it simple .
1	very clean brand new location .
1	dr. luca made my first experience with acupuncture so pleasant ! ! !
1	10/10 would recommend to a friend .
1	i highly recommend the hydration station and the red light therapy !
1	i 'm excited to add this stress relief into my weekly routine
1	dr. patti did an adjustment that helped me more than i thought chiropractic could .
1	i had a hemorrhoids banding procedure with dr. shih .
1	he 's the best doctor ever .
1	he cares about his patient so much .
1	before the procedure he explained everything really detail .
1	since one of my hemorrhoid size is too big .
1	i trust him and he made it .
1	i felt so happy and blessed .
1	nurses , cnas , and therapists are the most caring people .
1	every office visit he actually likes to have a conversation and is very compassionate .
1	the wait however is just crazy but that 's expected in a doctors office .
1	also i see jessica gdovin as well and i loooovvveee her !
1	i honestly will never go anywhere else unless they close down !
1	i 've always wanted to try an oxygen bar .
1	this place is a medium-sized booth with a couple people behind the counter .
1	there were a couple seats available with a few other people at the bar .
1	i was pretty stoked it included a massage as well .
1	it 's not an overwhelming scent but it is pleasant .
1	it 's an awesome combination of oxygen and a little massage .
1	they do try to sell you their stuff but are not pushy .
1	but that 's another review .
1	the people are so nice and the store is very clean and well arranged .
1	we will definitely keep this store in our repertoire .
1	until next time toronto ... .
1	but the cheese and wine bar are what really get me going !
1	it 's that good .
1	this advise goes for the wine too !
1	( but i always get some good ol ' brie )
1	extremely friendly & highly professional atmosphere .
1	doc k is a leading expert in pain management and is fantastic !
1	doc jarrett makes my back feel like a million bucks ! !
1	unfortunately his day does n't have much `` wiggle room '' .
1	quick , friendly , helpful and great for specialty medications .
1	probably one of the best retina specialist in town .
1	took my dad to see her for diabetic retinopathy .
1	very approachable and explains everything in layman 's term .
1	i am 6 weeks post breast lift and full tummy tuck .
1	i am so happy with the results .
1	the comfort level with him was awesome .
1	he was very down to earth & he answered all my questions .
1	he was not pushy or arrogant in any way .
1	i was very satisfied with his excellent surgical skills & his personality .
1	i would recommend dr. olson to anyone .
1	i went to dunn orthodontics for my 9 year old 's consultation .
1	i have to say , i love this place !
1	i 'm amazed at the professionalism and ease of the appointment .
1	what a great place !
1	the facility is clean and kid friendly .
1	i highly recommend dunn dental !
1	the best orthodontist/dentist office in town !
1	my family and i have been going here for years .
1	the staff is very polite and professional .
1	my family and i will be patients for life
1	what a fantastic experience i had the past few days with this establishment ! !
1	this place went above and beyond !
1	when i went to pick her up , everyone was great yet again !
1	also very reasonable prices !
1	love this place and finally found a perfect fit vet !
1	absolutely first rate health care treatment and the staff is likewise top notch .
1	i would not go anywhere else .
1	the ringing , while it has n't completely stopped , has gone down considerably .
1	some days it disappears so i 'm hoping it continues to improve .
1	my mouthguard is legitimately one of my favorite things in the world .
1	thank you so much dr. chase and brittany !
1	i have gotten really excellent care here .
1	caught some things that could have been easily passed over .
1	she also addressed all the minor issues that i brought up , too !
1	just really thankful to be going here .
1	great staff and dr. merger does excellent work .
1	so happy with my results and i felt comfortable the whole time .
1	thank you , ruby .
1	she was also extremely kind and helpful about suggestions around las vegas .
1	i ca n't wait to go back .
1	they offer memberships so i 'm thinking of joining !
1	like a previous reviewer , i needed an affordable option .
1	i 'm new to the area and i needed a dentist here .
1	at $ 49 with the coupon , who could say no ?
1	when i arrived for my saturday ( yay ! )
1	the office was small and older , but clean .
1	thorough , knowledgeable and very personable .
1	she , too , was very nice and thorough .
1	and it only took one try .
1	i went to totum for the first time this morning .
1	i took a 7:15am spin class , and i was not disappointed !
1	the class finished with 5-7 minutes of pilates , and 5 minutes of stretching .
1	i would absolutely return to her class in a heartbeat ( pun intended ) .
1	the front desk receptionist was also lovely .
1	she asked me , as i was leaving , how my class went .
1	she had a genuine interest in ensuring my experiencing was elevated .
1	i will definitely return for more butt kicking !
1	heather was very knowledgable and i trusted her opinion .
1	the office was clean and modern and the receptionists were very professional .
1	i recommend this clinic and heather to anyone looking for successful treatment and care .
1	worth the monthly investment .
1	therapist ensures your comfortable and relaxed .
1	i love this place .
1	the massage is relaxing and enjoyable .
1	i trust her to do a superior job the first time .
1	staff were kind and courteous and worked with my schedule .
1	very grateful as i am feeling much better !
1	amazing environment , wonderful service .
1	my husband and i loved it .
1	highly recommend this place !
1	an oasis in the desert .
1	fantastic doctor and staff .
1	i had a great experience as always coming to this practice .
1	very professional and knowledgable workmanship conveyed here .
1	renee was super friendly and made me feel so much better !
1	i would definitely recommend them .
1	i would highly recommend lindsay .
1	so happy to have lindsay in charlotte ! !
1	the spa was amazing !
1	i 'm excited to finish the rest of my treatments here !
1	what can i say ?
1	the universe must have heard me because i ended up here .
1	paul is an amazing healer , he helped me mentally , spiritual and physically .
1	i know i have work to do and he helped me to realize that .
1	everything about this spa is absolutely gorgeous and such a unique spiritual experience !
1	the treatments here are five-star resort expected .
1	they are extremely professional and consistent .
1	i always know what to expect !
1	i especially liked the cold shower , steam room and inhalation room .
1	food is pretty good that my friend and i order poolside .
1	here 's the cons that i recently experienced .
1	the pool area was dirty and needed basic maintenance and deep cleaning .
1	the rubber mat poolside was really dirty .
1	towels seemed to be very aged and worn .
1	they were super busy no did n't have enough staffing .
1	i 'll be back even though i had a few complaints .
1	maybe they will see this and do some house keeping !
1	the office is very clean and well equipped .
1	clean efficient and organized .
1	we love this office .
1	dr. limkemann is great he takes time with you and is very friendly .
1	they offer same day appointments .
1	i highly recommend dr. gary brigham for invisalign .
1	and the office staff is so accomodative to your schedule ( not theirs ) .
1	i could not imagine anyone being any better for this procedure .
1	he is knowledgable and professional in his job .
1	i was concerned about the wait time .
1	they actually got to me very quickly and efficiently !
1	the office is very clean and modern .
1	i also was not pressured to purchase any eyewear .
1	i highly recommend this company and office !
1	first time in a fresh on a weekend and they have brunch from 10-3pm !
1	this probably also applies for the other locations .
1	i 'm craving the pancakes again already !
1	my 13 yr old has chairi malformation .
1	she was down 15mm and needed a decompression surgery .
1	dr blum was a charm ! !
1	he was very good about leaving her hair and not shave happy .
1	her scar is the best i have ever seen vs thousands i have .
1	they take great care of my two dogs and my cat !
1	very affordable as well .
1	they are clearly in this business for the love of animals over the money .
1	and they adore animals !
1	sooo amazing she treated me so well .
1	definitely will be coming back to get more facials/massages .
1	lorna is super professional , kind , and allows you to relax .
1	loved my facial and she also makes you feel super comfortable .
1	exceeded expectations and beyond soothing .
1	also , the staff is beyond genuine .
1	dr k and his staff are amazing !
1	they are all incredible with my pet for boarding and his medical needs .
1	they have fit me in their schedule during many emergencies .
1	i highly recommend dr. karim sirsy for a family medical doctor .
1	dr. sirsy is very nice and professional .
1	i can see the dr. very quickly and the staff is very nice .
1	you will be very happy with dr. sirsy and his office .
1	really there to help you the best they can .
1	i 'm pregnant , in my first trimester .
1	on a saturday afternoon i suddenly had severe tooth pain .
1	i was so concerned and miserable .
1	he saved my tooth ! !
1	these people are amazing , well priced , caring and attentive .
1	this one is my favorite thus far .
1	$ 38 for 75 minute massage with hot stone is a great deal .
1	i 've never been disappointed at this spa .
1	all of my masseuse 's have been very good .
1	what an amazing staff !
1	dr. noorda is incredibly professional , thorough , and personable .
1	and walking around las vegas .
1	you can spot a `` noorda smile '' anywhere ... they 're absolutely perfect !
1	laseraway at scottsdale quarter has good customer service and a friendly staff .
1	i was attending for tattoo removal .
1	instead they just have a set price log .
1	i wish more healthcare was like this !
1	i 've been coming here for as long as i can remember .
1	i 've never been disappointed with dr. cherrington or his staff .
1	they have the best hygienist in town as far as i 'm concerned .
1	every time i 'm in the office there is something new .
1	thank you ruth and dr. cherrington for being the best !
1	she is also outstanding !
1	lauretta is simply the best !
1	she is extremely knowledgeable and my skin is finally on the mend .
1	i love her chemical peels .
1	i have had 5 treatments so far , and the results speak for themselves .
1	pca products and an amazing aesthetician make all difference .
1	sarah knows her lashes .
1	the glue she uses does not make my nose burn .
1	it 's worth the trip from henderson .
1	the atmosphere is extremely comfortable with the fluffy bed and good music .
1	i will definitely keep getting the bundle fill till i leave vegas area .
1	eaxctly what i need !
1	first , despite the other reviews i thought the staff was excellent !
1	not sure why other reviews have been bad .
1	get a reality check kayla ...
1	i was completely clueless when i met ken nair .
1	i had no idea how i really affected my wife .
1	that 's pretty awesome .
1	i came here with a friend a while back , and they were amazing .
1	i would definitely come back if i was in the area !
1	she also discounts a session $ 15 in your birthday month .
1	but i need n't have worried about the salon .
1	so do n't worry about it guys .
1	and gals , you 'll be right in your element .
1	jillian is an experienced lmt with a broad skillset .
1	then head across the parking lot for a healthy bite at mad greens .
1	i 'm a twenty something year old .
1	from the beginning i was treated like his own son .
1	just holding a conversation with him is intense .
1	one , a world renowned colon hydrotherapist and the other an independent filmmaker .
1	i ca n't stress enough how much of an inspiration he is .
1	i 've had only one other chiropractor in the past and he was great .
1	all of the staff are super nice and never try to up sell you .
1	my therapist , jason , does wonders on me .
1	when i left an hour later the sanitizer had been filled .
1	charles does a great job every time .
1	fun friendly environment and is always on time and ready for me .
1	would definitely go back again plus recommend my friends .
1	this location is newer and so clean .
1	they are so professional and really take care of each patient .
1	laura has done my mri and was amazing .
1	she really went above and beyond .
1	a nice woman also just did my ct scan today .
1	i have many scans and will only come here .
1	dr. ngo is an amazing dentist !
1	i 'd recommend him and his staff to everyone looking for an excellent dentist .
1	i love whole foods !
1	when i first walked into this store it was overwhelming .
1	you do n't have to be rich to shop here .
1	these healthy selections last me atleast 5 working days .
1	weekly i spend $ 25- $ 30 for a single female .
1	got the couples massage here for our 5 year anniversary and it was fantastic !
1	my 6ft tall boyfriend had trouble fitting his feet in there comfortably .
1	carol melim has been my therapist for several years and is amazing !
1	i 've seen real progress !
1	but other than that it 's fine !
1	no charge to me they did ultrasounds and a pregnancy test .
1	i am not very religious and nobody shoved religion down my throat .
1	the office had such a welcoming feel right when i walked in .
1	the staff seemed happy to be there .
1	an upbeat , positive environment .
1	dr. dimassa was great .
1	looking forward to being treated by this great team of professionals .
1	my dentist is smart .
1	was on a blind date and the guy asked me who my dentist was .
1	i chuckled and told him dr. nestlerode .
1	call the office and schedule an appt with anita .
1	and do n't be afraid to ask for extra novacaine .
1	very clean locker rooms .
1	never had an issue not being able to get on a cardio machine .
1	they have a nice rack of magazines near the 30 min limit cardio machines .
1	they recently added a seated incline leg press machine .
1	they offer hot yoga and the yoga studio is beautiful !
1	the multipurpose room is also nice and has garage doors that open up .
1	this showed me she truly wants to help folks !
1	i would recommend her to anyone and with huge confidence !
1	i have had nothing but great experiences here so far .
1	my initial visit went smoothly and quickly .
1	the dental hygienists and assistants were very kind and professional .
1	the visit to get my braces applies also went well .
1	i am glad i chose this establishment to go on with my braces journey !
1	this place is hugh !
1	staff is friendly , doctors are great , very patient and caring .
1	how i found andrea is quite the story in itself .
1	i was willing to settle for anything - it was an emergency ! ! !
1	from the minute you meet andrea you feel like you 're right at home .
1	she 's super warm and makes you feel very comfortable .
1	i started out with just my brow waxing then moved onto her fab facials .
1	andrea is honestly the best !
1	two weeks later the doctors performed a mid calf amputation .
1	after a difficult two months , she was ready for her first prosthetic .
1	pro care was a few blocks from our home .
1	first visit she carried her leg in a bag .
1	not a good start .
1	therapists do n't accept excuses .
1	pretty soon he was pulling the walker to make her keep up .
1	each visit the therapist introduced new exercises to get ready for the next steps .
1	now , he follows critiquing each step .
1	steps and curbs are a particularly terrifying obstacle .
1	going to be walking from now on .
1	success and end of professional therapy is walking with a cane .
1	looks like that is a week away at this rate of improvement .
1	it 's been a physically exhausting , a little painful but mostly terrifying journey .
1	miracles take work sometimes .
1	the therapist and staff at pro care work miracles daily .
1	it 's been an amazing transformation with a motivated patient and expert care .
1	customer service is the best .
1	he never rushes and is very knowledgeable .
1	my daughter feels comfortable and he makes her smile .
1	the office is always clean and the staff is always polite .
1	literally stop here daily !
1	always so friendly and helping me get exactly what i want .
1	friendly and knowledgeable staff .
1	my 7 yr old felt very comfortable as a patient there .
1	i really love this store !
1	this pet store really cares about customer service to the fullest .
1	i think that is awesome !
1	this could be by far the best place to get a massage at .
1	i paid $ 80 for a deep tissue massage in may this year .
1	i cant rememebr my therapists name , but she was amazing .
1	her hands were perfect .
1	got to spend my birthday here .
1	what an amazing day !
1	ca n't wait to go back !
1	just got my first section done today .
1	really happy about the result so far .
1	really clean place and friendly staff .
1	he has so much patience , and is a true professional .
1	i started seeing her during my pregnancy .
1	everyone i 've ever sent to her absolutely loves her and feels immediate relief .
1	she is an artist and master of her trade .
1	i am so grateful to have such an amazing practitioner for my family !
1	i wanted to give a shout out to the camp transformation center !
1	he wears many hats ... and he wears each one exceptionally well !
1	his office staff is pleasant , efficient and accommodating .
1	... and now , all is well .
1	... he saves lives .
1	and tip the ladies at least $ 10 .
1	they do an incredible job & for the price , they definitely deserve it .
1	they even use hot stones on your back .
1	it 's pretty great .
1	wow , where to begin ?
1	this woman is amazing !
1	i had back pain for 8 years .
1	personality aside , ashlee knows what she is doing !
1	by week 6 my pain was gone ! !
1	but that is how engraved the pain was in me and even my mannerisms .
1	now i carry him around all day and never feel a thing !
1	thank you pch for your help .
1	dr. foreman made the dentures fit very well in my mouth .
1	he was amazing ! ! !
1	he was professional , friendly and respectful to me .
1	right away he saw the healing and mouth and changes in my oral needs .
1	i 'll continue coming back .
1	i 'm fortunate indeed !
1	the best ymca around ! ! !
1	they have two indoor swimming pools .
1	they also have a fabulous sauna both dry and wet .
1	they even have a jacuzzi for your enjoyment .
1	they have a few rows of showers and an exit directly to the pool .
1	one of greatest things that is cherished by many guests are the laundered towels .
1	you can enjoy as many as you like during your visit .
1	no problem - your in luck ! !
1	they have a store that practically has everything you could dream of wanting .
1	they have that taken care of too !
1	smoothies , hot cooked meals , quick on the go grab food .
1	pretty awesome , now come find out for yourself ! !
1	i 've had brookstone dental as my dentist for fifteen years .
1	i 've always hated going to the dentist , like most people .
1	i never wait more than five minutes to be seen .
1	dr goldring and his staff are very personable and fun to visit .
1	i highly recommend brookstone dental .
1	i have changed primary physicians 3 times in as many years .
1	not because of the doctors , but because of terribly incompetent staffs .
1	hilcrest dental really is as good as it gets !
1	extra kudos to dental hygienist sherlisa !
1	some day they might even update their website .
1	my mom has been a resident at scottsdale memory care for almost six years .
1	this memory care facility is the very best of the best ! !
1	the nurses , and medical director colleen , provide exceptional care for the residents .
1	i can not say enough about the professionalism demonstrated at every level here .
1	had a great first visit !
1	will definitely be back !
1	i love this place and she always does a consistent great job .
1	she pays attention to detail and is very maticulious about her work !
1	from check in to finish this office has been fantastic .
1	very professional , knowledgable , answered all my questions .
1	definitely recommend this vet !
1	i 've been to this clinic 4 or 5 times .
1	got my tkr surgery there .
1	i just love that hospital !
1	the nurses , assistants , housekeeping , everyone !
1	i like dr. patel & the staff @ bella vista internal med .
1	the doctor is very conscientious and thorough .
1	so the cost of some of my meds had doubled .
1	and i thought they were expensive 90 days ago !
1	i have received calls from the doctor 's office with updates of test results .
1	thank you dr. jigna patel .
1	fell in love and went again 2 days later .
1	the main takeaway though is the damn quinoa onion rings !
1	holy they are sooo good .
1	note that its $ 6 and they legit only give u like 5 rings .
1	whatever , well worth it !
1	the grilled veggie n pesto wrap is my fav .
1	like who does n't like pesto right ? !
1	i have tried it in the tortilla and on a bed of lettuce .
1	the side of kale slaw is nothing great .
1	the fries are also amazing here !
1	shocker - the regular ones are better than the sweet potato fries .
1	do not get the cornbread ever though , its dry and nasty .
1	the doctor talks with you and makes you feel comfortable during the adjustment .
1	had a wonderful foot and body massage .
1	very professional and price is within the top 10 spa 's in vegas .
1	thank you abc dental for the great service !
1	my appointment was right on time , love when that happens .
1	her assistant was really nice and helpful and so was dr. kim .
1	polite , professional , and thorough ! ! !
1	i would n't go anywhere else !
1	overall a great experience .
1	i scheduled a eye test and finally had to break down and get glasses .
1	from the actual md to the sales representative , they were very attentive .
1	they have a great selection of quality frames which i liked .
1	most places just have the same old bland frames .
1	i was very happy with my experience .
1	a whole new concept in the world of chiropractic care !
1	come on people , not everything is reheated with a microwave oven .
1	luckily for us , we got the joint .
1	oh well , that was few years ago at another place .
1	now , i do n't have any of these problems with the joint .
1	at 12.50 a week , why not feel better !
1	first impression dentistry is awesome .
1	the waiting area is very beautiful and the staff is extremely friendly .
1	i felt at ease during my procedure .
1	i moved to az and was looking for a gynecologist , i saw mary .
1	the staff there was very friendly and mary was incredible .
1	she was so sweet and made me feel so comfortable ! !
1	fantastic dentist ! ! !
1	from beginning to end this was a great experience .
1	i love the convenience of three locations , and saturday hours .
1	thank you floss dental and orthodontics ! ! !
1	i see kevin , who is a nurse practitioner .
1	he is up to speed on all the latest technologies and lasers .
1	he 's very kind and very personable .
1	i highly recommend arizona laser for tattoo removal .
1	good music playing too !
1	then i can go down the hallway and get my prescriptions too .
1	they even have physical therapy in house .
1	pretty much a one-stop-shop for medical care minus surgeries .
1	i definitely recommend birthing your first , second , or seventh baby here !
1	my all time favorite store to buy all my lvft apparel .
1	they all clearly are good at what they do and enjoy doing it .
1	thank you dr. daccache .
1	i would definitely attribute this to the lasers used at this location .
1	best place in town hands down ! ! ! !
1	i love this place !
1	i called , and was able to get in same day .
1	the staff was super professional and put me right at ease .
1	i have definitely found a practice that i can feel comfortable coming back to .
1	amazing staff and doctors .
1	if you are looking for a good eye doctor you cant go wrong !
1	so i booked it right away with cindy .
1	i recently moved to las vegas and my skin is freaking out !
1	i came in today with extremely thirsty skin .
1	she did a moisturizing mask after the pumpkin facial and derma sweep .
1	thank you , cindy !
1	it makes me feel ... .happy .
1	i love being in here , even if i 'm just wandering around aimlessly .
1	its almost like an adventure if i do say so myself .
1	ever need any excitement hop on into the fun train , only stop marc 's
1	the facility is beautiful , calming and very clean .
1	someone is always available to answer the phone , too .
1	i highly recommend infinity hospice care .
1	not to mention , very informative .
1	tami , the assistant , is awesome and very courteous .
1	if you 're in the market for a chiropractor check out charlotte chiropractic center .
1	got the swedish with breanna .
1	wife and i stayed here and booked a massage at the joya spa .
1	the staff is extremely nice !
1	i cant say enough great things about this place !
1	i ca n't wait until my next massage with kristen .
1	also be sure to check out kyna aka the stretch ninja .
1	i absolutely love this place
1	you can spend a fortune here but it is so good .
1	even the small bakery section is yummy .
1	fruits and veggies are really nice here , quality and organic .
1	this place is amazing , i could have stayed there for hours .
1	the staff was super helpful and walked me through delicious oil and vinegar tastings .
1	next time ill try the wine or scotch !
1	absolutely the best in town .
1	honest , professional and very friendly .
1	i always feel comfortable and relaxed .
1	my hygenist is very good and cleaning is pain free .
1	dr. bobbett has always been honest and offers many options to dental issues .
1	now he is more diligent about his teeth than i am ! ! ! !
1	what 's up with that , sprouts ?
1	still , the fact that the store is even there is a huge plus .
1	dr. bates is the best chiropractor in the valley .
1	i drive all the way out to gilbert to see him .
1	he totally resolved a chronic shoulder issue that i had been suffering from .
1	i have also seen him work wonders for athletes that i work with .
1	i , love love love blue skye 's massage clinic .
1	davonna is great and very professional .
1	pick up the phone and make an appointment .
1	) , and i 'm not exaggerating when i say it was life changing .
1	by the end of this year , i will have had 2 dental cleanings .
1	i only blame myself .
1	here they give it to you straight .
1	also , the smoothies , my gosh .
1	there are few things i despise more than going to the dentist .
1	the experience is all about comfort and great dental care .
1	i went to my first dentist in phoenix for over 20 years .
1	i conveniently forgot about the dentist until a crown fell off .
1	they were able to schedule an appointment for the next day .
1	i think i 've found my dentist for the next 20+ years ! !
1	this is one of those parts of having a baby that is truly indispensable .
1	call placenta benefits immediately after your baby is born .
1	the little capsules you get in return are magical .
1	mood regulation , milk production assistance , just overall feeling so much better .
1	an absolute must for every new mom .
1	give yourself an amazing baby gift .
1	the elements of health got me on road to recovery .
1	bet my life would be quite different now had i only come here sooner .
1	one of the most caring and compassionate doctors i have ever met .
1	my mom found out she had stage 3 breast cancer .
1	he had her in 2 days later performing a pristine surgery .
1	her recovery was spotless !
1	the whole staff here is amazing !
1	my son will definitely be coming back .
1	thank you guys so much !
1	i very highly suggest going here .
1	also the dog in the place is awesome .
1	had a foot issue .
1	they got me in and out and diagnosed faxed prescription to pharmacy .
1	i regularly go to in touch wellness for massages with nick brown .
1	it 's one of the best investments i make in myself and my well-being .
1	great location , super nice office staff , extremely convenient .
1	high quality previously prepared foods with a great variety .
1	i highly recommend this location for anyone living in the no .
1	dr. galla works miracles !
1	he has helped me out tremendously over the years .
1	you will not be disappointed !
1	dr. barakat and her staff are excellent .
1	the office is clean and upbeat .
1	very happy to have found opus 1 .
1	this is one of the best experiences i 've had in while .
1	we had a fantastic experience at dr. budd 's office .
1	his staff was wonderful and understanding .
1	i ca n't say enough good words
1	i love the staff at brookstone dental .
1	they are very personable and listen to my needs .
1	dr. goldring is very personable as well and makes me feel very comfortable .
1	i had briana , let me tell you , she was incredible ! !
1	super quick , painless , all the above .
1	she found a vein immediately .
1	thank you so much briana !
1	so they 're really quick .
1	glad i chose to come to this location !
1	highly recommend this place !
1	what an amazing an passionate dr !
1	scott is my massage therapist .
1	and every time i leave there feeling sore , but amazing .
1	he has magical hands that can get down deep and release the muscle knots/tension .
1	i recommend scott for your next 90 minute session .
1	great customer service too !
1	i hate to give a poor review given that people were nice .
1	however , wait time is terrible there .
1	i waited 30 minutes even though i had an appointment .
1	anyway , i spent 90 minutes there overall just for an eye exam !
1	i did not even want to meet this new dentist , dr adriatick rama .
1	i also got word that this new dentist is all about corporate dentistry .
1	i love the new location and the new staff .
1	chris the hygienist is now probably my favorite hygienist of all time .
1	wish i could give more stars .
1	they are real pros .
1	so i 'm new-ish in town and was in desperate need of a massage .
1	my back is messed up !
1	so off to yelp i went .
1	i 'm going to echo the rave reviews .
1	i saw katrina and the experience was pleasant from top to bottom .
1	katrina managed to surprise me with different moves/techniques to work on my knots .
1	also , the online booking is great .
1	i made my appt from the ease of my home at 10pm one night .
1	i 'm a fan and will be back .
1	check out this locally owned business .
1	the prices are fair and business appears to be brisk .
1	eta - reading and spelling is fundamental .
1	he always said his spine was crooked and it was confirmed .
1	dr. young was great with my 5 yr old daughter .
1	he was able to pinpoint at least one problem and help us with that .
1	he was super helpful .
1	dr. budd is super friendly and has fantastic office staff .
1	they know your name and make you very comfortable .
1	my daughter loved the prizes & incentives & contests .
1	had a tooth pulled in and out in under an hour .
1	def will be back to get more work done .
1	anyone and everyone needs to switch their dentist to dr rouhani .
1	just called for info on a wheelchair rental .
1	i will recommend this place
1	our problems were different , but both very straightforward .
1	the front sign is very small on the building and easily missed .
1	it says arrowhead family and sports medicine .
1	my husband and daughters have been patients of dr. romine for 14 years .
1	she is a phoenix top doc .
1	i ca n't imagine going anywhere else .
1	charles is the best ! !
1	he is professional ! !
1	this is the only place i will go for botox and filler ! !
1	i highly recommend this place ... they are so friendly !
1	my therapist was kayce and my husband had gizelle they were both outstanding .
1	we left feeling so relaxed and just really good .
1	scott is hands down the best doctor in the las vegas valley .
1	we drive from centennial hills for his care and compassion .
1	high praises go to dr. kartnizel and his staff .
1	he 's simply the best ob/gyn in the valley in my opinion !
1	out of 10 appts we only had to wait overtime once .
1	the exam rooms are cozy and feature wall art from his clients .
1	i went to see dr. joy for my neck and shoulder pain .
1	his adjustments are smooth and very comfortable .
1	he does muscle work and acupuncture as well which not all chiropractors do .
1	the mindfit glasses were also great .
1	i 've never been so relaxed .
1	i always look forward to my treatments .
1	give dr. joy a shot .
1	you wo n't regret it .
1	my wife and i went there for a day of relaxation .
1	after checking yelp reviews we decided to try this place out .
1	we called the evening before and scheduled the for the next morning .
1	no issues getting there .
1	they provided me with lunch as well .
1	the place is very nice on the inside , very relaxing .
1	there was absolutely no wait time in between services which i liked .
1	we spent a total of 4+ hours there and loved every second of it .
1	all of the technicians were nice , friendly , and professional .
1	we will definitely come back on our next trip .
1	i would recommend this place to everyone !
1	the office is so clean and everyone is so nice .
1	the insurance is great and would continue to go back !
1	my father is undergoing chemo ; has mouth sores all over his mouth .
1	he could n't even eat !
1	it took 4 days and my dad could eat again and stopped losing weight .
1	these guys are amazing ...
1	i 'm currently at solutions .
1	so for my experience had been mostly positive .
1	it has its issues like any treatment program that deals with alcoholics and addicts .
1	i would recommend it to anyone seeking treatment .
1	my surgery was so easy , fast and painless .
1	everyone was so helpful .
1	it really just could n't have been easier .
1	my vision is clearer now than when i wore contacts or glasses .
1	but i do n't have them in ! ! ! !
1	this surgery to me is life changing .
1	i have worn glasses for 34 years .
1	thank you to everyone at nevada eye care/nvision .
1	this is the best decision i 've ever made .
1	babies do n't just pose for pictures on command .
1	with yellow rubber duck ! ! !
1	she took the time and was patient so thank you guys .
1	keep up the good work and create long lasting memories for us .
1	what a wonderful experience !
1	everyone was so nice and customer service centered .
1	the doctor and the hygienist are just so wonderful and thorough .
1	i would highly recommend this team to anyone !
1	from minute one the people here were amazing to me .
1	i was a mess of emotions and i fell apart a little .
1	everyone smiles and makes me feel important .
1	i would go on and on because my team deserves many accolades and compliments .
1	i was greeted right away by the really nice girls behind the desk .
1	i only waited for about five minutes before my name was called .
1	dr. tounian was so nice and made me feel very comfortable .
1	the office was very clean and very friendly .
1	excellent care by him and his dental technicians .
1	very efficient & professional office .
1	friendly , pleasant people .
1	keeps a bowl of hershey kisses on the reception counter .
1	what 's that about ?
1	: - ) definitely recommended .
1	this my second visit to this nail salon thanks to groupon .
1	she 's very meticulous and extremely thorough , no shortcuts with her !
1	when you make an appointment make sure to ask for her .
1	honestly the best dentist experience i have ever had .
1	i think most dentists lack being personable and taking the time explain things .
1	thanks dr. ngo , you da best !
1	the receptionist was really nice , and the staff was very attentive .
1	stacey was my masseuse and she was great !
1	would definitely come back .
1	dr. majewski was extremely friendly , kind , accommodating , and knowledgable .
1	drove out to enjoy vegas and why not a massage .
1	i found sams spa , what an awesome experience .
1	my girl , encore was amazing and so professional .
1	will definitely see them on our next vegas stop .
1	the front desk guy was so nice and helpful .
1	thank you all for an amazing appointment .
1	this is my favorite place to go and look at my baby .
1	the owners are friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i highly recommend going here to see your baby .
1	i just had an amazing hour and a half massage ! !
1	my therapist aaron was absolutely superb !
1	through his pressure point technique all of my tense areas are now relaxed .
1	i feel like a new woman !
1	their customer service is awesome ! !
1	i am so blessed to have found dr. catherine chen-tsai !
1	she is definitely a keeper !
1	dr. mitch is a very warm , caring and professional chiropractor .
1	i have had the best care and treatments from dr. mitch and his staff .
1	going to his clinic is always a very positive experience .
1	i am always looking forward to my next visit .
1	dr. mitch is the best ! ! !
1	14/30 down ! ! !
1	great workout kat ! !
1	i still hate squats ! ! !
1	thanks for pushing me to be the best me !
1	we asked several friends and this place kept coming up .
1	we made an appointment and headed in .
1	we saw dr. mcclend ( i may have spelled that wrong ) .
1	first the office was incredibly quick to get us in for a well check .
1	secondly the staff was super friendly .
1	the nurse who too us back was very thorough , very nice .
1	when we got to see the dr she was equally as friendly .
1	she addressed our concerns and spoke about a few she had .
1	she then have us a formula sample and coupons !
1	overall we were impressed !
1	we will be bringing our other children to this office as well .
1	but it 's not a huge deal .
1	sam 's spa was amazing .
1	from the masseuse to the environment , everything was excellent !
1	by this morning i could barely get out of bed .
1	he made a few small adjustments and i was 1000 % better instantly .
1	looking for a great dentist ?
1	this is the place for you !
1	very friendly and helpful especially when it comes to payment options .
1	i had a nasty cold and went to visit ashlee for cupping .
1	her kindness and dedication is unreal !
1	i am terrified of needles .
1	i do n't want to be anywhere around them .
1	it is time to try something else that might work .
1	i walked in with sweat over all over me .
1	when i got home , i was feeling sore and tired .
1	worried that i put myself thru all that for nothing ... guess what ?
1	but guys ... .it was worth getting over all my fear of needles .
1	dr lee is awesome and i 'll definitely come back here again .
1	he does accept insurance .
1	trust me it is worth it than taking pain killers
1	i am always anxious to try something closer to home .
1	it boasted of being made in house with natural ingredients .
1	it brings it into the open which is a good thing .
1	the first part of the store has accessories .
1	past the glass door is where the medicine is .
1	got a blueberry oatmeal cookie that was terrific .
1	the vape is nice , effective medicine and tastea natural too .
1	a fun find for sure .
1	absolutely amazing dental practice !
1	this team cares so much about you and your health !
1	they take every possible step to ensure a comfortable and pain free visit !
1	wait times are fantastic and pricing is more than fare !
1	love this place had a bad back and mr paul fixed it right up .
1	i would recommend this place to all my friends and family
1	just left a review on google but thought this might be more helpful .
1	i can honestly say that i had a good time getting a cavity filled .
1	it was painless and i can not even tell that it 's there .
1	amazing service and completely superior communication ! !
1	also a super value.. love this place
1	he truly has an eye for detail .
1	my lips always look great ; full and natural .
1	never over the top .
1	charles also does a fantastic job with my botox and xeomin as well .
1	he takes his time with his clients and is extremely professional and easy going .
1	nurses and dr kiepert are very nice .
1	took my daughter and son and had me in and out very fast .
1	will definitely continue coming here !
1	see you in 6 months : )
1	compassion in today 's world of medicine controlled by bureaucrats and compounded with paperwork .
1	( no , i did n't smoke weed ) it was all natural .
1	i 'm about to go back next week to try the infrared sauna .
1	have a stress free day : )
1	i absolutely adore dr. judy .
1	she 's thorough , thoughtful , and genuinely cares .
1	dr. judy fixed everything i was experiencing .
1	even the things that i did n't think were that big of symptoms .
1	she saw it all and was super kind !
1	just make sure you block out a few hours for your appointment .
1	she wants to know everything and she 'll work to fix it .
1	so that will take a while !
1	after each donation power aid will also be provided to rehydrate you .
1	hands down best facials i have ever had .
1	great at waxing , everything .
1	i 'm sad to see less than 5 star reviews for this business .
1	her business does n't win best of charlotte year after year for nothing !
1	located on northwest corner of guadalupe and higley in the tia rosa strip mall .
1	was previously located near baseline .
1	we were in and out within a little over an hour .
1	the back office assistant was very friendly , kind , and very geniune .
1	tina , the store manager , and her team went above and beyond .
1	i did my microderm with tiffany .
1	i had a great experience .
1	i took him to my vet for xrays , blood work .
1	xrays showed degenerative disc and arthritis along his spine .
1	prognosis was very poor .
1	treated with steroids , pain medication and rest .
1	little to no change in three weeks .
1	i made an appointment for a consultation .
1	a thorough exam of my cat was completed , a treatment plan was presented .
1	weekly adjustments along with other therapy had a noticeable improvement in two weeks .
1	i am so thankful i found dr. pfafman .
1	his care and treatment of my cat were spot on .
1	the waiting area has a separate area for those with cats .
1	the reception area and rooms are always clean .
1	my appointments have always started on time .
1	the techs and other office personnel are welcoming , friendly .
1	they offer a variety of alternative and holistic therapies .
1	acupuncture has recently been added to the services offered here .
1	you wo n't be disappointed with the care your pet receives here !
1	they get you in and out fast .
1	and have a good variety in prices and brands for glasses /contacts .
1	i 'd reccomend going here for sure .
1	thank you cerna team !
1	i am the owner and being prejustice here .
1	if you want a really really awesome theraputic massage give us a call .
1	located inside the senator 's inn b & b
1	we walked in concerned that everything would be expensive and pricey .
1	i was so pleasantly surprised .
1	good $ 5 wines !
1	the produce is fresh and your employees are friendly !
1	i got a free re-usable bag from a super nice lady !
1	you have met and exceeded my expectations trader joes !
1	great for budget grocery shopping , especially for items on sale .
1	hey , it 's a no frills !
1	this place is a real hidden gem !
1	they did and the receptionist was super nice and accommodating .
1	we got there 15 min early and they helped us out right away .
1	what a great spa .
1	my friend and i both had 80 minute deep tissue massages with add ons .
1	i had the aromatherapy with lavender and my friend had the foot exfoliation .
1	we both had an amazing time and will definitely be back .
1	i really liked my massage therapist .
1	she was definitely skilled with deep tissue massage and was professional the entire time .
1	i will definitely be back the next time i visit .
1	best in las vegas .
1	bianca is also hands-down the best massage therapist at massage envy .
1	i absolutely love this office !
1	and they did not disappoint me ... not one little bit !
1	dr. vu is wonderful !
1	knowledgeable and so helpful .
1	and got right to the issue at hand .
1	the front desk gals and supporting staff/assistants are also very personable and welcoming .
1	thank you all so much ! !
1	dr. albert is my go-to doctor for health care .
1	i do n't hesitate to recommend this caring healer and have to many friend..
1	if i could give this man 10 stars , i would .
1	we had a diagnosis by 5:30 pm .
1	he then came to visit us everyday that we were in the hospital .
1	it is so rare to find a medical provider like dr dewan .
1	they needed a pre-auth from dr dewan .
1	my first encounter with maria was a pleasant one .
1	we were given an app invite so that we can communicate with him 24/7 .
1	i ca n't wait to get that up and running .
1	that is a rarity for the middle of the day .
1	you ca n't go wrong with dr dewan .
1	great guy and great staff !
1	the kids had so much fun and even beat me once !
1	all in all though it was great go back to school excursion !
1	it was always great stuff .
1	there is also a huge selection of other items .
1	i would highly recommend this store to anyone .
1	best massage for $ 25 .
1	look past the small exterior and not so perfect location and walk right in .
1	i have been a patient of dr. yasmin ismail-juma for over 20 years .
1	she is caring and goes the extra mile for her patients dental health .
1	she would rather give a patient extra time rather than cut corners .
1	kudo 's and please keep it up ! ! !
1	i had a great experience with my eye exam and selecting new frames .
1	dr. ha was very friendly and knowledgeable .
1	he explained things very thoroughly , which i appreciated .
1	jennifer helped me pick out new frames .
1	she was so friendly and helpful !
1	let 's ski squaw valley top to bottom couple times !
1	i may even stand up and wobble in celebration !
1	oh , and i enjoyed the acupuncture .
1	the world breaks every one and afterward many are strong at the broken places .
1	but those that will not break it kills .
1	it kills the very good and the very gentle and the very brave impartially .
1	ernest hemingway , a farewell to arms
1	love the staff and doctors ! !
1	we 've recommended a lot of our friends .
1	part two - treatment is done .
1	you want a great smile ?
1	go to bella smiles .
1	i 've suffered from tetracycline staining for most my life .
1	so thankful for dr. wellish !
1	he sent me home with no charge .
1	thank god for doctors with integrity !
1	another visit ( with appt ) .
1	arrived at 7:30 for a 7:45 appt .
1	reception was very pleasant .
1	everyone spoke excellent english and they were all courteous , especially tracy .
1	better , just a bad finish .
1	one of the best doctor office experiences i 've ever had .
1	the office staff , assistants and dr alexander were welcoming and friendly .
1	michelle the hygienist is fantastic !
1	she 's fast and does a very thorough job at the same time !
1	the staff are all great and very friendly !
1	there all so friendly and truly care !
1	i 'd recommend dr. roderick to anyone ! !
1	i love this place , nice and friendly employees .
1	thank you brookstone for always being there for me , i truly appreciate it .
1	dr mike has been my boys pediatrician for 14 plus years !
1	he 's the best !
1	i love this place .
1	the food , fruit and veggies are fresh .
1	also , the employees are pretty cool , never had a bad experience !
1	the staff is extremely friendly and professional .
1	you get text reminders on your appointments .
1	services needed are explained with quoted reasonable prices upfront .
1	there are no up sells or hard pitches for cosmetic services .
1	this is just a classic old school family dentist with modern ambiance .
1	it 's taken me 8 years in las vegas to find this gem .
1	i found him through one of his wonderful hygienists- katie .
1	i find leslie to be professional and courteous .
1	i have been seeing dr.lim for over 15 years .
1	i have also been seeing monica the hygienist forever.. she is patient and gentle .
1	parking on dundas and easily accessible by ttc .
1	i added kierland dental center to yelp because no one has reviewed it yet ?
1	for the last 30 years of my life .
1	from the moment i phoned dr. thompson 's office , the staff was amazing .
1	mine covered nearly all of my visit .
1	how considerate of them , right ?
1	i think maybe dr. thompson has a similar germ phobia to me ... ?
1	they are very professional but also make you feel as though they actually care .
1	i have never had a doctor do that !
1	i have found my dentist .
1	it 's true love .
1	and i will never go anywhere else .
1	you will be so happy you did .
1	and ... to end on a happy note ... no cavities .
1	today i became a convert .
1	years and years of tutti fruitti .
1	and then i check the prices on the things i just bought .
1	new chapter vitamins were a few bucks less .
1	eol used to be more expensive than tf .
1	at $ 12 for 10 minutes , it 's certainly doable .
1	amazing , fabulous , excellent , superb !
1	there are not enough words to describe how fabulous dr. becky is .
1	she is so knowledgeable in children 's health in many many areas .
1	what a wonderful experience with health insurance az !
1	extremely knowledgeable and up to date with the current insurance marketplace .
1	run to him and be saved !
1	i would highly recommend going to this office and only this office .
1	what i love most about this sprouts is the fresh squeezed juice !
1	my husband and i have had one every day of our trip .
1	brendan cousineau , owner of flex physical therapy , is an excellent physical therapist .
1	i have been going to see dr mark for around a year now .
1	i always leave feeling much better
1	from the moment i laid down , i felt so relaxed .
1	erika was very friendly and asked me what i wanted her to focus on .
1	she also asked me what level of pressure i wanted .
1	i felt at ease and was looking forward to my massage .
1	as she worked on my whole body .
1	the pressure was perfect , the lighting was dim , the music was smooth .
1	the 90 minutes went by so quickly but i enjoyed every moment .
1	we recommend this place to everyone who needs this kind of doctors .
1	it the best place in town .
1	jemery is an inspirational person to me and my husband .
1	i will never go to another place .
1	if i can give them a 10 i would .
1	i would recommend this off to all they are amazing .
1	i 'm a gluten-free vegan ; can my life get any worse ?
1	it 's a conscious choice .
1	you see , i have this terrible thing called `` food allergies . ''
1	dr. anderson was great following up to make sure all was progressing well .
1	fantastic staff , they are all professional , courteous and attentive .
1	they are all well trained and very hospitable .
1	i had dr. stein perform my surgery .
1	he is a great surgeon , patient , welcoming and professional .
1	i would highly recommend bochner for laser eye surgery
1	it 's good for your health ! )
1	, check out his sessions .
1	you will be so glad you did ! !
1	what i am even more happy about is no medicine was involved !
1	this will be my dentist office from now on !
1	ivy was so professional and strong .
1	defintely coming back very good massage .
1	ivy was so professional and strong .
1	defintely coming back very good massage .
1	ivy was so professional and strong .
1	not only does he use the latest technology , his staff is very friendly .
1	this is the 1st day after surgery and i 'm already seeing 20/20 .
1	if i can give the doctor and his office 7 stars , i would .
1	dr. ely is my favorite chiropractor of all time .
1	he is such a great guy and competent professional .
1	i highly recommend this practice .
1	cette fois-ci j'ai t comble !
1	j'aime galement cet endroit pour l'utilisation des produits biologiques et souvent vegan .
1	shout out to lacy who treats me each month for my elite membership !
1	i am loving the results .
1	this 53 year old gets mistaken as early 40 's all the time !
1	oxygen bar at the venetian is excellent .
1	makes you feel very calm and refreshed .
1	it was my first time there , but not in the building itself .
1	today we went in for well checks and flu shots .
1	we were seen by dr. mitra .
1	he talks to the kids and makes sure they are comfortable .
1	he also spoke with me and allowed me to ask questions .
1	not once did i feel rushed .
1	actually was n't until the following week but leia ( ? )
1	i really appreciated this because when i called to make an appt .
1	leia also took care of us when we came in .
1	she was so helpful and kind .
1	the dr. was great with my son and pleasant to talk to .
1	the exam was very thorough and he explained what was going on really well .
1	for the following monday , but have my husband come in instead .
1	unfortunately , this appt .
1	did n't go as great and why i took off a star .
1	my husband and i have very different styles .
1	he liked one brand 's frames and i liked some other more expensive frames .
1	this is about the time things got a little ... uncomfortable .
1	these comments really rubbed us the wrong way .
1	i seriously loved this place so much !
1	the office staff was friendly and welcoming as well .
1	you guys are wonderful , keep up the good work !
1	i love this place .
1	i go in every two weeks or so .
1	i 've never been disappointed .
1	he does a great job on my neck and shoulders .
1	she is gentle and kind and always leaves me sparkling clean !
1	the staff is great !
1	and the doctor is awesome too !
1	and she was fantastic !
1	super friendly an very informative .
1	i love reading yelp reviews but have yet to write my own .
1	the 'crunching ' in my knees is actually going away !
1	i 'm sure you wo n't be disappointed ! !
1	loving my experience with red mountain .
1	the atmosphere is peaceful .
1	the service friendly & prompt if needed .
1	follow the program with light exercise & it 's easy .
1	the first 2 weeks were hard after that it 's a breeze .
1	they will give you the extra push or advantage you need .
1	i cant wait to do my next weigh in .
1	the heat here in las vegas is a major contributor .
1	regardless of what i did , i never felt replenished .
1	i was still feeling bad when my boyfriend suggested we order an iv .
1	cheri was imwarm , quick , and personable .
1	she came in , answered all our questions , and got set right up .
1	i highly suggest using their services in the upcoming months of record breaking heat !
1	excellent bedside manner , at the comfort of my bedside .
1	dr. jim is very nice and friendly !
1	along with getting worked on my dr. jim , you get a massage .
1	first off , she was n't friendly at all !
1	it was very unprofessional !
1	baby # 3 was born at babymoon last february .
1	it was a wonderful experience , even better than my first time with them .
1	babymoon is truly is special place .
1	i wish every woman could deliver in such a safe , beautiful environment .
1	see you for baby # 4 , if the time ever comes !
1	love the ladies and services at laseraway .
1	she understands and recommends only what one needs .
1	i have purchased and received everything from botox , juviderm and voluma .
1	i would recommend these folks to anyone .
1	place is n't bad at all ! !
1	48 bucks from head to toe and service is great ! !
1	they have smaller private rooms and a common area for larger groups .
1	i was just reading some of the reviews for my doctor .
1	i feel like she took her time with me and listened to my concerns .
1	intelligent , compassionate and beautiful to look at .
1	i wish i had gone to see her sooner .
1	absolutely recommend vida bella ! ! !
1	staff is awesome and welcoming .
1	it 's also very affordable .
1	i also have gone to becca for my lashes and she never disappoints !
1	it was so affordable and beautifully done .
1	very even glowing color !
1	the dynamic flow fitness class is the best workout i 've ever gotten !
1	brandon is an amazing trainer who makes sure everyone gets the best workout possible .
1	he 's always pushing everyone to make it count and get the best results .
1	the class is a great combination of cardio and strength .
1	i will definitely continue to attend this class !
1	freddie 's has the best prices in town !
1	they are so helpful and will answer any questions and they are so honest !
1	you can tell she is incredibly driven and passionate about her work .
1	dr. brown also explain the cost of everything and gave me choices to make .
1	lots of progress has been made and i feel a lot better .
1	definitely would recommend him .
1	i will always recommend glo medspa !
1	my wife came home one day raving about this office and the staff there .
1	now it 's my turn to get a few things worked on .
1	i was disfigured and miserable .
1	one side was partially paralyzed and the other completely .
1	we were amazed , but it shows just how effective this therapy is .
1	this laser helps the healing process exponentially .
1	his staff are all caring and professional .
1	none was able to find a reason or long term solution for my pain .
1	he took the time to explain in detail what was causing my pain .
1	that was about three years ago .
1	plus he 's just a real nice guy who genuinely cares about his patients .
1	he 's not cheap but he 's worth every penny .
1	his staff is great too .
1	i have had several treatments from him .
1	he is well trained with lots of positive energy to share .
1	he is also very deep and thorough if you can handle it .
1	he certainly have earned my gold seal of approval .
1	this practice has been so good to me with my last two pregnancies .
1	i have been very happy here .
1	that means a lot .
1	front end staff is good and they are nice .
1	i 'm so impressed by doctor david and his thoughtfulness .
1	really good specialist and nice person .
1	new to the area .
1	brought both my daughters for their yearly exam .
1	the staff and doctor 's are friendly .
1	thank you dr. josh and dr .
1	and krista , too !
1	my coworker mentioned skin laundry and how your first time is free !
1	usually it 's $ 65 a treatment .
1	the location is very clean and professional- and they all are very informative !
1	ask whatever you need to feel comfortable !
1	the specials they have are worth it !
1	the process : you check-in .
1	you wash your face .
1	they bring you into their room .
1	cleanse your face again .
1	start up the treatment and discuss a routine for your skin .
1	10 minutes later- you 're checking out !
1	sure , let 's do it !
1	go treat yourself to a free treatment on your next day off !
1	it is so worth it .
1	we started our infertility journey two years ago .
1	first , the consult was free , which was refreshing .
1	we appreciated how real he was with us .
1	we walked out of there happy , relieved and optimistic .
1	three feelings we had n't felt in a long time .
1	we were so heartbroken , but were eager to try again .
1	we tried a few weeks later with a frozen transfer .
1	we waited ... then went in for our first beta .
1	he called and said my numbers were low , but in the positive range .
1	he prepared me that it could be an early miscarriage .
1	i prayed that our second beta numbers would go up .
1	not enough for him to be certain tho .
1	so , i went in for a third round of blood work .
1	it went up significantly !
1	we were so relieved and over joyed .
1	what a beautiful sound !
1	they are helping us complete our family and making our dreams come true .
1	it 's definitely worth your time
1	again , 100 % spot on .
1	thank you so much for the best 2 hours i 've spent in years .
1	i feel like a wet noodle .
1	think it 's time for a nap .
1	i love the staff .
1	i love the hospitality .
1	i love my masseuse .
1	thank you to all of you .
1	you are a great team .
1	they were very professional and gave amazing massages .
1	this place is great !
1	they go above and beyond .
1	i went in for chest pains and they were very thorough on their exam .
1	we definitely have a new place to take our entire family !
1	the staff at valley pain & wellness is courteous and professional .
1	i have suffered with chronic back pain for many years .
1	the approach the doctor 's use has made a big difference for me .
1	if you live in south chandler or south gilbert you should check them out .
1	i 'm really surprised by all the negative reviews .
1	dr. hawkins and the ladies in the office are amazing .
1	from the beginning the girls were super sweet .
1	it has n't even been 30 days and i 'm feeling better .
1	i 'm so happy with my decision .
1	had my second laser appointment with christina and loved her !
1	she did a great job and i hope i get her again !
1	did a ton of research on best laser hair removal facilities .
1	i was very impressed with this location 's professionalism , cleanliness , and efficiency .
1	no waiting , very quick appointments , and excellent results .
1	best spa experience i 've ever had , without a doubt .
1	first off - best massage of my life .
1	the facilities at the montelucia are amazing .
1	everything is clean and new and it smells delicious .
1	i see camelback mountain everyday , yet the view from the terrace was breathtaking .
1	perhaps after i find a second job .
1	dr matt is the best !
1	a dentist who really cares and that matters !
1	give brookstone a try - you 'll be glad you did !
1	this practice is wonderful !
1	everyone is so friendly and helpful .
1	would highly recommend this office .
1	dr. roles has been life changing !
1	his perspective on wellness has transformed my life .
1	what else is there to say ?
1	if you are looking for complete care , this is the place to come !
1	dr. loud and her staff are amazing .
1	my wisdom tooth cracked and she was taking a look to talk extraction .
1	she called within a few hours and gave me a breakdown for everything .
1	including options on sedation , her opinion and their prices .
1	i never once felt pressured or uncomfortable .
1	these are wonderful people .
1	they make you feel as if they generally care .
1	i love my dentist !
1	and , no , i 'm not nuts !
1	dr. hogan herself is lovely and so kind and professional .
1	she does n't exude that preconceived `` scary dentist '' notion at all .
1	i have nothing but great things to say about dr andrew carter .
1	we had a hard time conceiving and decided to do ivf .
1	dr carter has answered all my questions and even my call on a sunday .
1	quick , efficient cleaning , and very friendly staff .
1	dr. badalmenti fixed a cavity for me in no time at all .
1	i am so impressed with the staff at this facility .
1	i got caught in traffic and was over 45 min .
1	this was so far and above a courtesy .
1	the office is spotless and cheery and the staff so sweet and accommodating .
1	i could not recommend them more .
1	great tip from a fellow hawaii resident .
1	just finished a conference and hubby flew in .
1	very clean establishment and friendly staff .
1	we had the first appointment at 10am and they were waiting for us .
1	the foot deluxe deal was awesome and perfect for us .
1	then they moved to the legs and feet with the addition of hot stones .
1	then the back was next and perfect ! ! !
1	i would definitely go back on this trip .
1	just $ 40/hr and it felt like it it was a couple hours .
1	highly recommend to do this at least once while you 're in vegas gambling !
1	they even give you cold bottled water and yummy asian crackers .
1	we will definitely be back ! !
1	seriously the best eye care i have ever had .
1	great selection and knowledgeable staff .
1	trust your eyes to dr lucas .
1	dr dixit is very professional.. i was literally unable to function .
1	i was referred to spa caladae by someone who raved about their services .
1	i love this place !
1	they have amazing skills !
1	i wo n't go anywhere else now .
1	they have a convenient location right off of steubenville pike also .
1	do yourself a favor and check them out !
1	anyways , the store always have things in stock especially the special advertised items .
1	the employees are for the most part helpful and the store is fairly clean .
1	glenn has a lot of training and experience .
1	customer service is great !
1	very friendly staff and you are in and out .
1	i 'm happy and sticking to it !
1	vanessa is a master at acrylic nails .
1	i 'll definitely be going here for my nails time and time again .
1	this was my first visit to any plastic surgeon .
1	i called to get a consultation appointment .
1	candice was amazing , warm , friendly and knowledgeable .
1	i am interested in getting a mommy makeover and facial fillers .
1	candice asked questions and informed me of the cost of different procedures .
1	she took so much time to answer my questions .
1	i felt like i was speaking to a good friend .
1	candice scheduled a convenient appointment for me .
1	i took the earlier appointment .
1	the office is beautiful , clean , white and nicely decorated .
1	candice has a warm welcoming smile and knew me by name already .
1	she really is amazing !
1	she asked if i would like water , how nice is that ?
1	she took me right back to another beautiful room .
1	she set me up with some videos about the procedures that interested me .
1	they were very informative .
1	he asks questions about what i would like to achieve .
1	i was most excited about botox and fillers when i arrived .
1	i have these bags under my eyes that drive me crazy .
1	he explains that it will not completely take them away but it will help .
1	i am totally on board .
1	he explains different breast and tummy tuck procedures .
1	he asks questions about what i would like to achieve .
1	dr. olson has tons of photos of previous patients before and after photos .
1	he has done beautiful work .
1	he also had different implant choices and explained the pros and cons of each .
1	he is very nice and knowledgeable .
1	after that he takes me in for an exam .
1	his assistant was present for the exam .
1	he was very professional .
1	he nicely informed me that i have tuberous breasts .
1	i had no idea , now i have a name for my weird breasts .
1	this knowledge was really quite a relief .
1	i have always felt weird about my breasts .
1	i absolutely do , no more side boob ! ! !
1	i have more side boob than regular boob .
1	i think this was my favorite discovery !
1	she is super nice and helpful .
1	i see myself for the first time with a shape .
1	dr. olsen 's assistant asks if i would like to get filler today .
1	absolutely , i did not expect them to start the same day !
1	dr. olson was amazing , funny and totally put me at ease .
1	i got my filler and am so happy with the results .
1	i end up communicating with a couple of his previous patients via yelp .
1	it was so nice of them to respond to my questions .
1	i read all the reviews possible on dr. olsen and they are all amazing .
1	i can not wait to book my surgery !
1	i will update once i have undergone my surgery !
1	i ca n't express in words how wonderful margie is .
1	her standard of care was great throughout my entire pregnancy and birth .
1	she did so much more than deliver my baby .
1	she imparted wisdom that i 'll carry with me till the day i die .
1	i highly recommend select physical therapy .
1	i 've also worked with amanda and kevin during becky 's absence .
1	they are all highly skilled and very professional .
1	lisa at the front desk is great too .
1	best chiro around , quick and very efficient .
1	price is great and chairs in the waiting area are way too comfortable .
1	great location and amazing customer service .
1	i highly recommend christina if you 're looking to get laser hair removal done !
1	enjoyed checking out scrubs and beyond tonight .
1	the sizes go quick for sure .
1	customer service was perfect .
1	dr. chen is my new favorite botox master .
1	he is so relaxing and peaceful during his appointments .
1	makes things a lot easier .
1	looking forward to my next appointment .
1	dr. ting is extremely friendly !
1	my 3 year old loved him .
1	affordable dental for kids has dentists that are extremely patient with kids .
1	kiera is very friendly as well .
1	i would definitely recommend them to anyone ! ! !
1	ahaha i ment irene ! ! !
1	: ) all the staff is wonderful and very extremely nice ! ! !
1	walked from the hotel which took about 5 minutes .
1	i was the only patient there at 7 am on a friday .
1	the facility was extremely clean and the wait time was minimal .
1	i had multiple nurses talk to me and one doctor .
1	so the list they gave me was not accurate .
1	my `` go to '' for everything healthy !
1	prices ca n't be beat .
1	amazing staff , truly knowledgeable .
1	danny and kelsea make my day
1	thank you for all your help !
1	the first yelp review !
1	just for jenny ! ! !
1	wonderful~will definitely go back ! thanks again for jenny !
1	they do very hard job , so please respect their effort !
1	each challenge is clearly defined with a indidualized action step and clearing result .
1	the team is very supportive while also challenging me to address any lingering issues .
1	my relationships with my kids have never been better .
1	that is truly priceless .
1	i have never had trouble with scheduling , getting labs , or anything .
1	dr. deka had the best bedside manner out there and is very knowledgeable !
1	i 've been going to this office since i was in high school .
1	i 've even referred my husband the trust built with this office is irreplacable .
1	everyone does such an awesome job to keep thier patients happy .
1	well , the research paid off ! ! !
1	dr. gombert took an old , imperfect smile and added his magic touch .
1	) , but a boosted jolt of confidence as well .
1	dr. gombert and his staff are incredible and i ca n't thank them enough .
1	i am a dr. g patient for life ! !
1	time for my biannual cleaning .
1	i was taken back reasonably quickly , and they set to work .
1	the pospisil brothers run a good office .
1	there is some variability among the hygienists , but they 're all pretty good .
1	i see `` dr doug '' , and he 's gentle but thorough .
1	she also sees my wife and daughter .
1	so we keep coming back twice a year .
1	the pearl girls are all so professional and kind ! !
1	they have tried sssooo hard to make me happy .
1	there for a while i thought they were going to charge me rent .
1	what a wonderful organization this is .
1	love this place , will never go anywhere else .
1	this review is long over due .
1	first of all , linda is amazing !
1	my lashes always look full and beautiful .
1	i am more than satisfied with his practice .
1	i will continue to trust my optical needs to dr. z !
1	stratton dental is the best !
1	they make you feel like family .
1	the have the latest technology .
1	dr. stratton is just a great dentist !
1	ive only been to one other chiropractor .
1	but this facility is awesome .
1	from the treatments to all that your spine and nerve endings control .
1	if you need some adjusting i recommend active life .
1	i left feeling so relaxed i went home and took a four hour nap .
1	the professionalism by everyone from start to finish was great .
1	the office and ultrasound room are both very nice and clean ! !
1	awesome place and very affordable ! !
1	great selection of natural pet food products and knowledgeable staff .
1	the entire team there was awesome .
1	the desk personnel made it a thorough and easy check-in .
1	the dentist assistant put my nerves at ease .
1	and doctor tom nack really listened to my concerns .
1	a couple months later i had an issue with the same tooth .
1	he even called me the next day to make sure i was doing okay .
1	they are very good and patient with them .
1	i went back and had them take care of the fillings a week later .
1	they did an excellent job with numbing me before the fillings .
1	i did n't feel a thing from start to finish .
1	very friendly and efficient staff !
1	got my mani and pedi done love it will be back .
1	everyone is so friendly and the atmosphere is pretty .
1	vanessa and erica are great and so is david is so friendly .
1	dr. cohen is great .
1	she takes the time to listen and she 's very easy to talk to .
1	the girls who work here are super helpful and very nice !
1	they are always willing to help me .
1	it is a very clean facility too .
1	my family has been here many times .
1	we check in online and barely have to wait in the waiting room .
1	everyone is very nice and the office is always clean .
1	i 've struggled for a year to find a good massage in las vegas .
1	i 'm so happy i found massage bliss .
1	i 'll be using them again for sure .
1	we see dr. gerlach and she has been amazing every time !
1	we have also met a few other doctors and they all seem amazing .
1	we are super happy we chose this office for our son .
1	great foot massage ! !
1	ben was professional and helpful without many knots in my neck and shoulder .
1	he 's foot massage is the best that i appreciate .
1	master spa delivers that experience and then some !
1	i will request he service again and i recommend to anyone .
1	i have been here so many times and love it .
1	the quinoa onion rings are a great starter .
1	i really love the squash tacos .
1	the all star salad is also a great choice .
1	i always take a cupcake to go !
1	this medical practice is by far the best .
1	bottom line , dr danner is a step above most doctors out there today .
1	would recommend the khavkin clinic to any of my friends and family .
1	dr. weingarten has been amazing .
1	i was diagnosed with thyroid cancer and he performed my surgery .
1	did a great job .
1	staff has been great as well !
1	i had a facial as well as a scalp massage from cheri .
1	i ca n't wait to go back for my next treatment .
1	portions size is great and there 's usually enough leftover for another meal !
1	great place , friendly staff .
1	she was professional and informational !
1	my personal experience at this office has been nothing but pleasant !
1	she is such a sweet person .
1	she also makes me feel comfortable which is a plus !
1	i 've also had nice interactions with the front office .
1	sweet group of girls !
1	i purchased a groupon special looking for a good deal and location .
1	i was very impressed with jasmine from the get-go .
1	upon my arrival , she greeted me warmly .
1	i have always been a huge fan of trader joe 's .
1	this location lives up to the same hype as all the rest .
1	i love the selection and the prices .
1	only problem ... they 're always busy .
1	no matter what time of day .
1	i guess that 's what happens when you are that great !
1	i wish they would bring one closer to rock hill .
1	a girl can dream ca n't she .
1	i ca n't imagine going to a different doctor !
1	the scariest symptom was my loss of brain function .
1	it was there that i received the diagnosis of chronic lyme disease .
1	this level of kindness did n't stop after the first meeting .
1	the clinic is stunning and clean as a whistle .
1	the staff are so kind and become like family .
1	as each month passed i saw myself improving .
1	my symptoms were being eliminated left and right .
1	the pain that made it impossible to function was gone .
1	it was the blessing i had been praying for .
1	and i 'm not the only one who received a miracle after attending sunridge .
1	i saw cancer patients that reached remission with the help of dr. franco .
1	sunridge medical brought me the health that i had only dreamed of .
1	before attending the clinic i had all but given up hope .
1	great service , great offices , and much appreciated follow through .
1	their products and protein shakes are really good .
1	i drink at least 1 protein shake a day , usually chocolate or cinnabun .
1	i 've told my friends about medshape and now 2 more are joining .
1	just went here for a birthday massage .
1	the place was quiet and relaxing .
1	had my own room .
1	there was about a 3 minute wait .
1	she hit so many pressure points with perfect amounts of pressure .
1	she finished with a shoulder & back massage that was also wonderful .
1	a little pain , but the good kind .
1	no chatting , no noise .
1	just a very calm environment .
1	i gave a generous tip & i plan to go regularly .
1	i truly believe i could n't have gotten through my pregnancy without dr. labranche .
1	my husband and i feel so fortunate having found desert smiles and dr. partovi !
1	what a warm , friendly , professional staff and office .
1	scheduling is so easy and you never have to wait .
1	highly recommend desert smiles for excellent dentistry !
1	he is by far the best value in this entire state !
1	i would recommend him to anyone !
1	he also stands behind all the work he does .
1	superior treatment in every way ! ! !
1	the best ! ! !
1	great massage place very affordable !
1	i was so nervous to get my lips done .
1	charles is very personable and listened to my wants and concerns .
1	i am going to come back to him for future fillers and botox .
1	i have been seeing uj ramdas at morpheus for a couple of months now .
1	i was actually surprised that he was able to help me .
1	so nope , i 'm not going to tell you what i went for .
1	not only because its personal , but its also unimportant .
1	before you dismiss it as an option , give these guys a call .
1	boon was great , explained everything and answered all of my question .
1	very knowledgeable and a cool guy .
1	sending all friends and family here .
1	let me start by saying they were all wonderful .
1	got x-rays and a cleaning .
1	brittany cleaned my teeth and she assessed my gums .
1	she really got in there and my teeth feel so good .
1	i have n't been to a dentist in years .
1	so i thought it was gon na my teeth were worse off .
1	they were informative in what was going on with my teeth .
1	did n't push anything on me .
1	i 'm making bella smiles my dentist .
1	thanks everyone at bella smiles .
1	my first week was great .
1	all of the trainers are so nice .
1	they do n't judge and are really there to help you .
1	i left there feeling confident .
1	the staff and the doctors at arizona asthma and allergy are amazing .
1	i highly recommend this office to anyone needing an allergist .
1	i feel so lucky to have a whole foods in my neighbourhood .
1	it 's right there .
1	but whole foods is so much more than groceries .
1	i 'm hooked on the lemon bar soap .
1	they carry so many great products that i just do n't see anywhere else .
1	they have a great deli section .
1	i am obsessed with their salad bar .
1	dozens of fresh healthy salads at your fingertips .
1	the best thing is knowing the ingredients they use are healthy .
1	some day i 'll splurge on my friends and cater a meal from here .
1	martin : recently tried massage bliss and was not disappointed .
1	my therapist danyelle was very knowledgeable and skilled .
1	thanks danyelle and hope to see you again soon .
1	very happy with the change of pediatrician .
1	i love doctor clark .
1	i called a few podiatrist offices that day .
1	she said she could take me .
1	she did a wonderful job .
1	she 's really cool , funny and down to earth .
1	any way she made me really comfortable and was quite accommodating .
1	thank you dr. clark !
1	i was unaffiliated and looking for a box to do the wods at .
1	every class is mixed with beginners to advanced athletes .
1	each class is an hour long .
1	at the beginning of the sessions , everybody does a warm-up and stretches together .
1	wods can range from under 5 minutes to over 45 minutes and in between .
1	do n't be scared !
1	you go at your own pace .
1	you can either go all out or just take it easy .
1	it 's all up to you .
1	sure people are watching but we only want the best for you .
1	we know you are hurting but we all hurt together !
1	no pain , no gain !
1	ca n't forget about the infrared sauna in each of the change rooms .
1	i feel stronger , healthier and happier than ever before .
1	lifelong friendships and personal fitness goals are bound to happen at rcr .
1	hope to see you there !
1	because it was super affordable before in comparison .
1	i came to dr. olson without knowing anything about chiropractors .
1	within a few sessions my pain started going away .
1	i would definitely recommend this place to anyone , no matter the age .
1	as i 'm a young buck myself .
1	plus , the front staff are the friendliest ladies you 'll ever meet .
1	so this is definitely a gem of a place .
1	this is the only place i or my family will ever go .
1	i have had experiences with 3 different avella pharmacies .
1	i called the scottsdale avella and my rinse was ready in 24 hours .
1	i picked it up and got a chance to meet jennifer and crystal .
1	dr. garcia sees a ton of patients , and always remembers our girls .
1	just received excellent service from jacki the pharmacy tech .
1	amanda does the best pedicure !
1	feet feel so wonderful !
1	just had my first hard gel nails set and love them too !
1	great service and the doctor took really good care of me !
1	would definitely recommend it to anybody !
1	great service , great location , great prices !
1	i highly recommend jake at high park physiotherapy .
1	he is very knowledgeable and kind .
1	he has helped my through both a knee and back injury .
1	i ca n't thank him enough .
1	cheryl was great , clinic is very clean and organized .
1	they do a great job keeping you on track with your diet !
1	if you want an amazing massage , go to keisha !
1	the front desk staff is friendly and very accommodating .
1	i only gave four stars only because the facility is extremely tight .
1	friendly staff and helpful .
1	dr. wong is always nice and patient when me and my daughter visits .
1	i enjoyed the hot stones as well as the foot massage .
1	after the massage he says he feels loose and a lot better !
1	i 'll be going back again in 8 weeks !
1	no one ever called me back to set up new appointment .
1	he said he had no idea that she was so terrible to me .
1	i now have an appointment set up for this week .
1	such an awesome crew working here !
1	the happiest group of people and they are constantly making you laugh .
1	awesome atmosphere for kids and adults .
1	what kid would n't want to go back ?
1	we look forward to going back : )
1	dr. finebergs office staff is amazing ! !
1	dr. fineberg saved me from having to have cornia transplants ! !
1	i got my vision back ! !
1	i am so grateful for this dr. ! !
1	he truely changed my life !
1	veronica came up with a financial plan since i was uninsured at that time .
1	i could n't be more pleased with the results .
1	the entire staff is professional , caring , knowledgeable and patient .
1	i would recommend checking in , when the pain has got you checked out.
1	the front desk staff is very friendly and that is always appreciated .
1	i always feel better when i leave alc .
1	chris is the office manager and she is fantastic .
1	she always greets me with a friendly smile and a positive attitude .
1	robin in the massage therapist and she is amazing .
1	her sessions are very therapeutic and always beneficial .
1	i highly recommend this office .
1	soo happy yelp led me to this place !
1	dr. k is simply amazing .
1	both of my pups come here .
1	excellent service and the staff is wonderful ... they really care about your pets !
1	you can trust this place to take care of your furry family members .
1	thanks phoenix mountain hospital !
1	jackson and little leo love to visit !
1	amazing staff who goes above and beyond .
1	after difficulty finding an effective provider we were highly referred to redemption .
1	we have been coming here ever since and wo n't be changing .
1	everyone in the office is welcoming , professional and prompt .
1	i would highly recommend heap and bunker to anyone ! !
1	love this whole foods better than yonge .
1	theyre very helpful and kind , its not as busy which i like .
1	i always eat there whenever i buy groceries and it 's always good .
1	i had breast augmentation done by dr. berardi !
1	i 'm four months post op .
1	best decision i made was going with him !
1	felt safe and love his nurse melody too !
1	he did a fantastic job and my husband agrees !
1	charles is the best ! ! ! !
1	highly recommend for any injections and a natural look .
1	favourite whole foods in the gta .
1	i 'm going to make this review short & sweet .
1	this is the nicest wfs around , service in on point .
1	friendly helpful staff that will make sure you get your question answered .
1	the place is neat & tidy , very well organized .
1	things are well spaced out , easy to find & well stocked .
1	it 's not the closest wfs to me but it 's worth the drive .
1	so.. , i had a great experience with pv ob/gyn .
1	when dr. newman walked in , i breathed a sigh of relief .
1	throughout my life , i 've seen plenty of dentists .
1	this staff is my favorite .
1	i always look forward to seeing everyone there .
1	staff is always professional and the quality of service is excellent .
1	cleanings with kim are comfortable and thorough .
1	reception staff is friendly and accommodating .
1	exam with dr martin is always a great experience .
1	dental appointments once freaked me out , but not since coming to this office .
1	it 's actually always a pleasant experience .
1	went in for my first microdermabrasion treatment .
1	treatment lasted for about 20-30 minutes long .
1	i felt very relaxed and rejuvenated after !
1	i went to see dr kuranko on the suggestion of a friend .
1	i have never felt calmer and treated so kindly .
1	i felt safe and well taken care of .
1	absolutely love this place !
1	the only reason it does n't get 5 stars is because of the price .
1	this store is pricey ! ! !
1	but i would never be able to shop here on the regular .
1	i come here for unique health items i ca n't find elsewhere .
1	i also come here for their amazing vegan desserts and the best .
1	i first visited babymoon inn a year ago because a friend worked there .
1	i am so excited to finally be pregnant and a client at babymoon inn !
1	there are two birthing rooms , each with its own bathtub .
1	there are two bathrooms available , one with an inviting shower .
1	the offices are just as inviting as the birth center .
1	the lobby is cozy and beautifully decorated .
1	the midwives ' offices are comfortable and non-medical .
1	( belly checks are done on a massage table ! )
1	i can not recommend babymoon inn and its amazing staff any more highly .
1	hands down best staff in the valley ! !
1	i 've been to fresh a few times and i 've enjoyed every experience .
1	most of their menu items are carb heavy .
1	they also always have some delicious sweet treats from sweets from the earth .
1	make sure you save some room for dessert .
1	they 're also available on a bunch of delivery apps which is super convenient .
1	the whole team at floss dental is so caring and professional .
1	i highly recommend them to anyone !
1	you will not be disappointed ... .
1	i am delighted to read that improvements are scheduled .
1	they are always courteous , professional , respectful , and fun to interact .
1	otherwise , it feels like i am a passive recipient with no power .
1	the entire team at this practice indeed visibly care about your healing .
1	i feel very comfortable going around and asking questions .
1	thus far , i have completed 8 sessions and i can feel the improvement .
1	i am really grateful to have found tim soder 's pt !
1	the professionalism and dedication are constant and consistent ; it is in the air !
1	the place is always squeaky clean and feels upscale and inviting !
1	i had an appointment with dr. magdato today .
1	the office was nice , simple and clean .
1	it was easy to find and had lots of parking .
1	the staff was friendly and informative .
1	dr. magdato was very professional and easy to communicate with .
1	i could never figure out why my eyes were so dry .
1	they also had a really good selection of frames to pick from .
1	ca n't wait til i get my new glasses !
1	dr alejandro lopez is wonderful .
1	dr lopez is caring and spends the time it takes to help me .
1	everyone at the front desk and elsewhere has always been kind and caring .
1	it is not always possible to have an appointment when you need medical care .
1	i highly suggest dr evens and his great team !
1	they have good rates but most important is the 5 star care you receive .
1	they 're thorough at answering questions and making you feel comfortable .
1	very skillful and knowledgeable and all around great office .
1	have been many times and will be back .
1	thanks spring valley dentist office !
1	i showed up for my appointment the next day .
1	the office is extremely professional in appearance .
1	i met with dr. liu and i think he is very sharp and friendly .
1	in turn when my grandma had swelling , they sent her to another hospital .
1	the next day we met shahera who would be my grandmas cna .
1	her job was to come help bathe , change and monitor my grandmother daily .
1	more reassurance was given to us .
1	she also told us what to expect .
1	we were given a booklet on signs the end was coming for my grandma .
1	when my grandma passed away , i called the hotline .
1	he listened to our stories of grandma while we waited .
1	he also hugged us when he left .
1	everyone we had contact with at infinity made this process easier .
1	they sent medications quickly .
1	supplies came with our cna .
1	kenta , the oneself therapy guru , actually deserves ten stars .
1	he would not give up until he identified the issue .
1	i left oneself today walking without pain and with a normal gait !
1	this was truly a therapeutic massage .
1	the setting is classy , comfortable , and well decorated with good music .
1	kenta is kind and friendly and patient and truly gifted .
1	our family has been going here since 1982 before dr. innes retired .
1	he has corrected painful problems and has performed innovative surgery with positive results .
1	their office is close to home and convenient for parking too !
1	dr. judy has been so amazing for our family .
1	she truly is so genuine and caring .
1	we are so thankful for her .
1	had a great experience with michelle .
1	i suffer from muscle pain in my back due to a snowboard accident .
1	so i go to massage therapists at least once a month .
1	since i travel i get a lot of different therapist .
1	michelle ranks on the top .
1	result : i felt way less stiff .
1	she really softened my muscles .
1	went for a heart beat check at 7 weeks , it was great .
1	had a great expirience .
1	i just wanted to say how awesome tyler is ! !
1	i have chronic back pain and tendonitis due to my profession as an esthetician .
1	tyler is very professional and a great rmt .
1	when i first arrived i was pretty surprised how big the dispensary actually was .
1	i recommend the cheesecake or the mango juice both are great choices .
1	placed an order for catering for a group of 8 for lunch .
1	i ordered lunch boxes for all .
1	ordered : fresh deluxe boxed lunch/wraps !
1	very good and the basil pesto tortellini was the favorite of all .
1	there are other technicians there so the environment is really nice .
1	great place for your eyes !
1	i was interested in breast augmentation .
1	dr. geoghegan made me feel the most comfortable .
1	she was very informative , caring , and honest with me .
1	three years later i have no regrets !
1	i have had no complications during surgery or after .
1	i am extremely pleased with the results and would highly recommend her practice .
1	nancy is the best dentist in the state of arizona !
1	go to dr. robinson and you will never look for another dentist agian !
1	the entire staff believes in helping each patient individually .
1	i was not a number and a chair here .
1	i was a human that received the specialized care i needed .
1	jennifer is beyond wonderful !
1	literally , after just one visit , i became hooked - so obsessed !
1	in fact , my mother is coming in next week !
1	she truly cares about her clients .
1	if i could , i would seriously come back every single week .
1	she is that amazing .
1	i can not recommend her enough ! !
1	: ) : ) : )
1	absolutely love the girls st skin laundry .
1	everyone has commented on how amazing my skin looks !
1	i definitely recommend checking them out and trying it for yourself !
1	the elite family is friendly and willing to answer any questions .
1	honestly the most helpful and qualified gym staff i have encountered .
1	i am in training club which is offered at various times of the day .
1	stockton dermatology is the best dermatology office in the valley !
1	the front office staff is extremely polite , friendly , and inviting .
1	their appointments are flexible and they are prompt and on time .
1	i would recommend them to anyone !
1	he made me feel very comfortable and confident i would get great results .
1	i would definitely recommend him to anyone wanting to look their best .
1	very personable , knowledgable , and honest .
1	i never felt like he was trying to sell any unnecessary products or services .
1	thank you charles for a wonderful experience .
1	love the people there so i give them 5 stars
1	dr. beaty was very pleasant to deal with along with her front office staff .
1	along with the glare reducing coating .
1	she pushed and she pushed .
1	she made me uncomfortable and while i 'd visit the office again .
1	i would not allow her to assist me again .
1	i got a 1 hour massage from brian and he was very good .
1	i 'll absolutely come back again .
1	dr frankie is the best ! ! !
1	2. you want the best post-natal care in the state .
1	the office and exam rooms are beautifully maintained and feel warm .
1	the colors and fabrics are a far cry from the traditional doctor 's office .
1	the birth center is just absolutely beautiful and cozy .
1	that 's how you put a diaper on !
1	i had no idea about the stages of labor !
1	( yup , all of it was news to me . )
1	following my birth , babymoon inn continued to be supportive .
1	the help i received with lactation consultation was invaluable .
1	what you choose , when you choose babymoon , is community .
1	dental office as a whole from start to finish was great .
1	all staff was friendly and knowledgeable !
1	both my children 7 year old and 3 year old loved it .
1	dentist was great with both kids !
1	i 'm always on the hunt for healthy food places !
1	i ordered a greenhouse bowl ( ? )
1	she also gave me a free drink card !
1	tempeh flavour and texture were spot on .
1	nevertheless i felt very satiated ( not bloated ) .
1	our food arrived quickly and i was blown away by the cornbread/soup/salad combo .
1	the portion size was perfect .
1	my split pea soup was hearty and very umami-filled .
1	the cornbread ( with flax i believe ? )
1	was excellent and it tastes 10x better than its classic butter-laden cousin .
1	it is my new favourite casual restaurant .
1	i agree with a previous reviewer saying that it 's `` unpretentious '' .
1	dr. plorde ( spelling may be off ) was fantastic .
1	i would recommend this place to anybody wanting good quality dental work .
1	probably the best facial i have ever had .
1	i first went with my daughter and then went back for myself .
1	she takes the time to understand your skin and offers healthful suggestions .
1	the only drawback is that her location is in sort of a weird complex .
1	i have spent more time and money here than i care to admit .
1	i 've even come to prefer vegan cupcakes to their more fat saturated counterparts .
1	i miss this place when i go home to the states .
1	i wish they delivered .
1	easiest 5 star review of my life .
1	megan always does such and amazing job !
1	i would highly recommend him for crowns .
1	i 'm so thankful , my smile is priceless !
1	i 'm highly satisfied and telling everyone to come here ! !
1	i truly believe there is a place for western medicine .
1	she spends the time to listen and to properly diagnose your issues .
1	i highly recommend dr. kwan to anyone seeking a sincere and caring physician .
1	i usually have little wait once i check in .
1	what an incredible experience .
1	her demeanor and professionalism were second to none .
1	this was by far the best option rather then going to the er .
1	i could n't recommend this service any higher - well done .
1	looking forward to utilizing you guys again when needed !
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	i am definitely going back .
1	super friendly staff and affordable : )
1	the staff is absolutely amazing !
1	i feel as though she has one on one care .
1	i regret not coming here sooner !
1	my son is 2 1/2 and his first ever dental visit went fine .
1	this will be my son 's dentist .
1	the place had a clean and nice relaxing atmosphere .
1	we paid $ 30 for feet and body massage ... ..totally worth it !
1	will definitely be coming back !
1	went to this store for the first time today .
1	it was so nice !
1	everyone made sure we were finding everything and it was so well put together .
1	best place to go for a shake after your workout ! !
1	staff is so nice and remembers what i get !
1	i was very skeptical , but 1 month later my problem is gone .
1	i feel grateful to have met dr. miller .
1	i feel like she was honest and frank with me .
1	i trust dr. angela miller .
1	she also treats my husband who is happy with her .
1	i came here as a kid and now i bring my 2 kids .
1	so worth it to see dr weiner and dr muyot is good as well .
1	walking into bella smiles , i came across a dental gem in the desert .
1	best dental office i 've been too across seven continents .
1	also , my experience at the reception has been good .
1	i have had a lot of dentists in my life .
1	i really like dr todd russell and his staff .
1	i recommend them to anyone looking for a dentist .
1	we are from out of state and our families loved the livestream feature online !
1	we are having a boy !
1	we will most likely be back for a 4d session in the third trimester .
1	i felt miserable before the massage session .
1	she was able to make me feel like a different person after the session .
1	you are the best !
1	i love working with dr amena deluca .
1	she listens carefully and provides skin care for all my family members .
1	including my young daughter with severe ezcema .
1	easy to schedule appointments and thorough exams .
1	i have been a client since 2009 and this place keeps getting better .
1	they use awesome products and always have a product on sale .
1	i 've had an appointment canceled last minute bc a student was out sick .
1	i always treat my out of town visitors with a facial at swina .
1	excellent clinic very helpful and knowledgable .
1	even helped me out after hours no charge .
1	he has helped make this scary journey so much better for me .
1	he 's my angel !
1	bless you and thank you dr. hollifield !
1	had a great experience at rejuvenation spa !
1	i got a cut and highlights .
1	i said just a trim and thats just what they did !
1	the color of my highlights matched perfectly .
1	now my hair is perfect , will be going back again !
1	go here ; you wo n't regret it .
1	( mydrnow- see review via my profile . )
1	tests : they could do so much on-site .
1	i needed blood , ultrasound , x-ray , hba1c and some other stuff .
1	i 'm really impressed .
1	she was warm , and just really great all around .
1	ultrasound tech : sandra- once again , lovely- just lovely .
1	they were just as lovely as everyone else i dealt with today .
1	dr tripp and the crew at redemption are super easy to work with .
1	dr. b is the best !
1	he is pretty much the most brilliant man i 've ever met .
1	he 's an experienced perfectionist whom provides the utmost care in service .
1	always accommodating and pleasant to visit .
1	i always knew that i was in the best hands .
1	if i ever have another baby i will definitely be delivering at babymoon !
1	i have had two visits to this clean and friendly officer .
1	definitely sticking with this office and their reliable staff ; ) thank you !
1	fast and friendly service .
1	we went in for a frenectomy consultation .
1	they have toys , t.v .
1	's , and an ipad to choose from for the children .
1	it 's a new facility and very clean .
1	the atmosphere was very comfortable and my son 's experience was quite pleasant .
1	what can we say about this little nestled gnc store ?
1	he suggested these awesome little appetite suppressant/ energy boosters that i love !
1	i was looking into decompression therapy to help me with my low back issues .
1	everyone has been so helpful and friendly with me , i consider them family .
1	even with the pet names , al is a wonderful asset to the team .
1	you are not treated like a number , but as a valued patient .
1	quick , friendly and informative .
1	this clinic is amazing !
1	they also direct bill my insurance which is a huge bonus .
1	and , they 're right downtown at yonge and adelaide .
1	just one more thing to love about this clinic !
1	ca n't say enough about rebalance .
1	we finally changed our entire family over to skyline .
1	the front staff is great and always professional .
1	dr. kerry green is great , but so are the pa 's .
1	they listen , which is son nice at a medical office .
1	i do n't like condescending medical professionals .
1	we 're excited to have a place for the entire family .
1	my son needed a simple tooth extraction , we had never been there .
1	but doctor christensen was able to get him in that morning .
1	his staff and him included were just wonderful with him .
1	my friend is a patient there .
1	the nurses take good care of her and she is always clean .
1	there are a lot of nurses , aides and respiratory therapists .
1	the staff are really caring .
1	i 'm glad to know she is in good hands .
1	i absolutely love going for my visits with ashlee !
1	and then the relief i feel after the acupuncture and cupping sessions is amazing !
1	james has magic hands .
1	his pressure is perfect !
1	i wish i could go every week .
1	my back , shoulders and neck would be the better for it .
1	i am a meat lover .
1	a classic hamburger is my all time fav .
1	so when my friend took me to this vegan restaurant i was skeptical .
1	i ordered the `` banquet burger '' with bean sprouts and veggie bacon .
1	and it was so good and super filling .
1	if you 're like me and love burgers gives this vegan place a try .
1	tastes amazing , great service and a bonus that it fills you up !
1	if i am in the area , i will go again !
1	the staff is amazing !
1	they are so friendly and make you feel right at home !
1	i love dr. krugly and dr. bradshaw .
1	dr. krugly works with me and dr. bradshaw works with my dog .
1	their entire staff are friendly and obviously love working there .
1	dr. krugly is excellent at explaining and treating .
1	i have been to several physical therapists , rolfers , massage therapists , etc .
1	but dr. krugly surpasses them all .
1	dr. bradshaw helped my dog when she fell and hurt her back .
1	i love dr. leverett and his staff !
1	jennifer is great and she really makes skin care affordable .
1	i can hardly go a month without a `` fix '' .
1	and now , she 's got a website where you can schedule your appointments .
1	i had an excellent dental experience at red mountain family dental .
1	the front desk staff were friendly and accommodating in scheduling my dental care .
1	i had the best cleaning and exam .
1	the hygienist was patient and gentle .
1	he provided pain free dental work and completed it fast .
1	everyone thinks i 'm weird because i actually enjoy going to the dentist .
1	it 's because i 've gone to dr. j. since i was 5 !
1	( i 'm 25 ! )
1	he is amazing and his staff is incredible too .
1	they are always so friendly and welcoming !
1	they do excellent work and dont do unnecessary things .
1	i 'm always nervous about x-rays and they also ease my worries .
1	they also have new hi-tech x-rays that are so quick and painless .
1	the first person you 'll meet is liz , she runs the front office .
1	she is such a good example of what 's to come .
1	very friendly and welcoming and always professional .
1	if you 're looking for a dentist , this is the one ! !
1	i was very comfortable with dr. ike .
1	he emanated a warm , courteous , and professional feel .
1	the rest of the staff i had contact with were also caring .
1	i highly recommend him !
1	i am really happy with family doctors of green valley .
1	all the staff here are very friendly and compassionate .
1	i have n't had a long wait at any of my appointments .
1	i originally had beltone hearing aids and actually stared in a commercial for them .
1	i lost one pair of hearing aids and they replaced them very quickly .
1	malisa at miricle ear in henderson nevada is outstanding .
1	i made my appointment online .
1	i went in to be seen for a sore throat and possible sinus infection .
1	he was wonderful and very professional .
1	once he left the np walked in no less than 2mins later .
1	overall i was taken care of and had a great experience !
1	one of the best dentists i have ever had , very thorough and gentle .
1	the staff including the front desk and dental hygienist are very friendly .
1	! ..recommend the deluxe with hot rocks !
1	i had sinus and deviated septum surgery completed by dr. weingarten .
1	finally i can stop looking for a new dentist !
1	it was off a regular price that was already $ 550 less ! ! !
1	it includes retainers and all your visits , no hidden fees .
1	i can not say enough about how excited i am to have found them !
1	i will be recommending them to all my family and friends .
1	you 'll see i 'm right !
1	today was my very first full treatment appointment with dr. wrye .
1	without question dr. wrye is tremendously skilled in many treatment methods .
1	i had a great experience from start to finish with ttw .
1	when we arrived , we were the only customers .
1	this store is n't just about retail , it 's an experience .
1	the hygienist was one of the nicest i 'd ever met .
1	the new patient exam was thorough and included a short medical history .
1	he did n't believe that gum recession was caused by aggressive brushing techniques .
1	if you go to this location , request her you will not regret it .
1	i left feeling completely pain free .
1	so ... add $ 27 to your gel manicure or pedicure .
1	they never answer the phones , which can be frustrating .
1	however : they are nice .
1	they know what they are doing .
1	dr. hofflander was referred by my gp .
1	he got me in fast for a consult and scheduled surgery conveniently as well .
1	i was very happy with the surgical center staff and dr. hofflander was great !
1	great produce , good selection of healthier brands of food and health products .
1	employees seem happy and willing to help .
1	got the head and reflexology combo and the ion detox .
1	i absolutely loved both services .
1	for two hours , i was pampered beyond belief .
1	i felt like i was in a state of bliss .
1	this beats those burke williams any day .
1	in and out in 20 minutes with no appointment .
1	friendly team , clean and comfortable waiting area .
1	we tried a few locations before finding this one .
1	i 'm sure with an appointment this location would be a breeze .
1	one issue is no one actually monitors the front desk .
1	i 've been visiting this dentist for almost 10 years .
1	i actually go from california to las vegas to get treated every year .
1	i ca n't trust anyone else with my teeth .
1	dr. alemi is very kind and i find him to be very trustworthy .
1	he is always honest and communicates and educates me a lot on my teeth .
1	his staff is also very present and kind and the clinic is always clean .
1	i trust him more than i could trust anyone else with my teeth !
1	he tries to be very flexible and accommodating !
1	i was skeptical at first , but i was willing to try it out .
1	i am using the groupon and it 's helped so much !
1	the staff is so wonderful , friendly and knowledgable !
1	i recommend med shape to anyone who is considering it because you cant loose .
1	could n't ask for more ! ! ! !
1	this place is really great for a smaller shop !
1	their staff is super friendly and very knowledgeable about their products .
1	they have the best edibles there and always have a fair price .
1	i would definitely tell my friends about it !
1	there is no one better in charlotte than prit !
1	she has the highest understanding of her clients and unmatched customer service .
1	he is very kind , caring , and attentive .
1	i would highly recommend him .
1	kevin is the best .
1	he focused on the issues i was having and made it so much better .
1	in a word - incredible !
1	ca n't believe all the 1 stars .
1	anyway , 5 stars go to both dr. andy tran and dr. camille le .
1	i am soooo happy today ! !
1	my shoulder has been giving me problems for 2 years .
1	i 'm open to possibilities .
1	this is awesome ! !
1	tonight my shoulder is comfortable for the fist time in years .
1	dr. shelly is definitely worth seeing .
1	i feel good right now ! ! !
1	thank you dr. shelly !
1	new to cherrington dental .
1	what an amazing business .
1	old son had his first dentist appointment and cleaning .
1	he had a great experience .
1	the staff is great and dr. cherrington is extremely professional .
1	you can tell he loves what he does .
1	i also had an exam and fillings done a week later .
1	was such a pleasant experience .
1	i came home and told my neighbor about my visit .
1	he said he was going to make an appointment asap .
1	this will be our family dentist for a long time .
1	i am absolutely 100 % satisfied with every aspect of this office .
1	the whole registration process was very easy and they have awesome social media discounts .
1	i will definitely return to have my dental work done here from now on .
1	i love their pharmacy .
1	saved me a two hour commute to pick up the medication .
1	i appreciated the excellent customer service in correcting the doctor 's mistake .
1	what lebron james is to basketball is what dr. ngo is to dentistry .
1	if i could give more than 5 stars i definitely would !
1	this is my guilty pleasure !
1	my first facial was a gift to $ pa mom .
1	you wo n't be sorry !
1	there is handicap parking , an elevator and handicap bathroom , too .
1	the dentists are so gentle and competent !
1	they always search for alternatives to making the work you need financially possible .
1	great personalities and i love the music they play .
1	very friendly , informative , and supportive- just what i needed at the time .
1	greatest place to get your eyes checked out for anything .
1	i then called here and they gave me a fixed price for my service .
1	i will only go here now .
1	great place to go i highly recommend .
1	i 've been a patient of dr. lawyer 's for more than 10 years .
1	would n't think of changing .
1	he and his staff are superb .
1	the owner made booking the appointment super easy .
1	next she asked us if there was anywhere we wanted them to focus on .
1	finally we were let into this nice little clean couples room .
1	the massage was really good and very relaxing .
1	relaxing music played the entire time which i enjoyed .
1	first time customers pay $ 27.99 for 1 hour .
1	they do prefer you tip in cash .
1	overall everything was amazing and definitely worth the price .
1	also the bathroom was very clean !
1	i would recommend to everybody !
1	great experience here ! !
1	the staff is great ! !
1	super friendly , funny and professional ! !
1	they have help me tremendously !
1	i 'm neck and back pain has gotten so much better !
1	i had a massage by jon yesterday .
1	and last night was the best night sleep i 've had in weeks !
1	jon gave one of the best massages i 've ever had .
1	he 's really good at what he does .
1	i would recommend jon to anyone ! !
1	if i could give jon 6 stars instead of 5 i would !
1	he 's that good !
1	i 've been coming here for specialty prescriptions for the last 2 years .
1	they are always friendly and provides good customer service .
1	this is a truly excellent doctor but his office needs major help .
1	otherwise i would have had to wait months to see the doctor .
1	what a shame because he is truly an excellent doctor !
1	just got the prettiest matte black stiletto nails done by mary !
1	great service , clean salon and a variety of services offered !
1	i will def be back in the future ! !
1	thanks pop lash & nails !
1	not bad , not bad at all .
1	this is not a fancy spa .
1	and it 's open late , till 10 pm .
1	if you 're in the strip mall , definitely worth a visit .
1	after a gym class , getting a massage treatment by yang feels very refreshing .
1	if you have coverage , use your health insurance benefits !
1	physical therapy is so very helpful , the staff is awesome .
1	the knowledge of the staff is great ...
1	just got my teeth cleaned and now they feel so much better .
1	everyone was very nice and personable as well .
1	we love my left foot childrens therapy .
1	our family is from honolulu , hawaii .
1	we come here for speech therapy .
1	they are able to calm my son so quickly and help him learn .
1	his tantrums are calmed in seconds .
1	we miss you all and hope to see you soon !
1	before seeing dr. leo , i was limited in lower back mobility .
1	now , i wiggle when i walk - i got my wiggle back !
1	my hips are moving !
1	i just experienced one of the best therapeutic massages ever .
1	i left feeling renewed and ready to take on the world .
1	i also was welcomed by a friendly staff .
1	definitely a great experience here ! !
1	i had rosie ! !
1	she did a fantastic job .
1	everyone was very friendly and professional !
1	i 'm in vegas baby !
1	make a visit if you need any services .
1	my toes look great !
1	ask for danny he made me feel # 1 !
1	was it busy ~~ yes !
1	thank you for great sight , great glass frames and awesome fit .
1	ca n't say enough about jazz and her facials .
1	she is the best !
1	very fair pricing , an overall great experience .
1	my skin has never looked better and i appreciate her approach and technique .
1	jazz also does n't try to push products or other procedures not needed .
1	i would recommend her to everyone without hesitation .
1	dr. roskos has now been my dentist since the late-1990 's .
1	i would never consider going anywhere else .
1	the entire staff treats you like you 're the only patient they have .
1	friendly , gentle , talented people that genuinely care .
1	wow ! ! ! !
1	that 's all i can say .
1	after 40 min in the sauna i felt incredible .
1	nice and relaxed and already booked another appointment for the weekend with my husband .
1	very professional , friendly and efficient .
1	i was in and out in a timely manner .
1	my grandkids really liked it .
1	i really appreciate their demeanor .
1	best dental facility in the valley , bar none .
1	quick , clean , well priced , and professional .
1	i took my husband to the nestcare urgent care .
1	they even have online shopping so you can just pick it up .
1	grocery shopping is never really my favorite activity , but rbn makes it better .
1	i decided to reward myself with a massage yesterday .
1	it was the first massage that i have had in about 20 years !
1	tricia did an amazing job and i left feeling very relaxed .
1	you wo n't be disappointed !
1	i know my go to spot every time we go to vegas , aloha
1	i had a great outcome after my total knee replacements .
1	i chose an excellent orthopedic surgeon - dr. sherwood duhon .
1	his team of anesthesiologists , pa , pt , nurses , office staff etc .
1	he also has a research team that gathers data from the patients ' feedback .
1	those information help future patients to make their recovery faster and easier .
1	it is less stressful when you have the knowledge of what will transpire .
1	5 stars is not enough for michelle at new image ! !
1	hair removal and lasers for my aging skin on my face .
1	she 's very knowledgeable and professional .
1	love her to death !
1	10 stars for michelle she knows her shiz !
1	great , kid friendly office .
1	amazing and sweet staff .
1	dr. brown is great with making sure your kiddo is comfortable .
1	his staff is professional , courteous , and extremely prompt .
1	dr. ngo is an excellent dentist .
1	he took time to explain every procedure he was doing .
1	he is a true professional and has an engaging personality .
1	we highly recommend dr. ngo !
1	this has the be the best dentist office i have been to .
1	they treat you with the utmost respect and are patient .
1	thank you dental depot for all you do !
1	what a wonderful morning .
1	this not your average massage .
1	considerably different than a western massage .
1	if you need a strong massage this is it .
1	i got a foot detox and a massage .
1	hannah was wonderfully pleasant and nice .
1	peter gave me my massage and i was happy to feel it .
1	some hands are just too soft or me , not his .
1	and sam was extremely polite and welcoming .
1	i 'll be back !
1	besides the madhouse that is the parking lot , this is a great store .
1	all tj devotees are already familiar with the great service and delicious food selections .
1	i only went early in the morning to avoid the crowds and the lines .
1	after circling the parking lot a few times , i almost gave up .
1	inside , the place was slammed .
1	i cursed myself for procrastinating on getting groceries earlier in the week .
1	i asked the cashier if this is a typical friday .
1	he told me it 's a typical everyday !
1	who knows what goodies i missed out on !
1	i would recommend him to anyone .
1	lindsay ( sp ? )
1	my daughter and i both trust her completely .
1	they have a hydroworx pool that is the only one in town .
1	we are excited to see how much further she can go .
1	dr. becky is an earth angel !
1	she has been a valuable asset to my daughter 's healing !
1	dr. becky is so patient , nurturing , and understanding .
1	she is extremely intuitive & just knows exactly what my daughter needs .
1	my daughter loves dr. becky !
1	since being under dr. becky 's care my child is a different person .
1	it 's night & day .
1	i did n't know if anything would change .
1	i cried at our house 1st appointment because parenting had become so unbearable .
1	i have my child back .
1	i go to parisa to get my hair done .
1	she is simply amazing !
1	the staff was extremely helpful and positive upon my arrival as a new patient !
1	again , highly recommended to anyone !
1	best dental experience ever !
1	the office is brand new and squeaky clean .
1	when i arrived , the staff greeted me warmly .
1	cleaning process went smooth .
1	and guess what ? !
1	your girl had no cavities .
1	highly recommend desert inn smiles !
1	vibe as with all 3 fresh locations : it 's busy .
1	but service is on the ball .
1	i ate anything on the menu is good .
1	i 'm not a vegetarian , but i love how everything has tasted .
1	the cookies are a nice treat at the end too .
1	obligatory catchy remark fresh lives up to its name .
1	i actually now crave vegetables !
1	( what is wrong with me is another conversation . )
1	my wife and i love this place and have never received a bad experience .
1	i am so happy i went to check out swina finally !
1	i had such a good experience with corina , my esthetician .
1	what a sweetheart ! .
1	she was knowledgeable and personable with a gentle touch .
1	i loved that i was offered a hand and foot massage during my facial .
1	the product recommendations were on point and there were no pushy sales tactics .
1	my skin felt hydrated , moisturized and clean when i left .
1	looking forward to my next facial : )
1	i enjoyed my donation , frankly .
1	every staff member i encountered had a great attitude and was friendly and polite .
1	the actual donating was conducted in a professional matter by friendly staff .
1	they all acted like they were fast food workers .
1	she still give us some suggestions , very helpful !
1	the people are very friendly .
1	we are traveling from nj .
1	i came here around lunch on a thursday and the place is busy .
1	it 's conveniently located right beside broadview subway station .
1	i think her name is rene .
1	she was really courteous and wanted to make sure i was comfortable .
1	i ca n't wait for my next massage ! !
1	i 'm giddy when they have a huge selection from sunizona farms .
1	keep it real , guys : )
1	target by far has exceeded my expectations .
1	the doctor on site is the best i 've experienced !
1	he explains things clearly is the most knowledgable optometrists i 've met .
1	my glasses came in 3 days ! ! !
1	i was so excited since i 've waited up to a month .
1	with no phone call .
1	i highly recommend target optical !
1	kinda rude new yorker ... but his work amazing !
1	from the moment you enter the office you know you are in good hands .
1	the entire staff is extremely professional and knowledgeable .
1	dr. daccache immediately calmed my nerves by thoroughly explaining my procedure beforehand .
1	the entire experience was pain and problem free .
1	i highly recommend this office !
1	one of my pets is a cat who we will call .
1	`` complicated , '' or `` high maintenance . ''
1	and yes , the rates are very reasonable .
1	she was much comfier .
1	there actually is a reason that all of these different things have been happening .
1	and knowledge is half the battle .
1	i '' m so glad i found them !
1	it was a comfortable relaxing environment .
1	fast , easy and awesome service .
1	go here if you want an excellent therapy massage ! ! !
1	the price is reasonable ! ! !
1	the acupuncturist , sophie is amazing ! !
1	i 've had acupuncture over the years , but sophie is the best ! !
1	she is well educated in the art .
1	and she does n't hurt-one reason why i have been reluctant to go .
1	go here ! ! !
1	there is no other place like it-a true paradise !
1	sara is amazing ! ! !
1	she literally shares me all the infos how to take care of the eyelashes .
1	i bought the refill deals before i left the place .
1	very highly recommend ! !
1	i just `` graduated '' today .
1	there was always someone around to make sure that i was doing things right .
1	dr. hussing has been my doc for years .
1	i 'm always satisfied with the service .
1	even if they get something wrong , they correct it immediately .
1	he actually fits the glasses to your face .
1	he does n't take them back to a room and adjust them without you .
1	when he retires , i 'll be the saddest customer ever .
1	my only issue is with parking .
1	the atmosphere is so calming .
1	i have been treated here with bhrt and it is amazing !
1	i am beyond happy and pleased with the results .
1	the staff is always happy to assist you with your needs .
1	taylor is a great chiropractor .
1	love scottsdale skin laundry !
1	super quick , convenient and effective .
1	immediate results and no downtime !
1	awesome process and facility .
1	i highly recommend this process for a one-stop-shop adult physical .
1	great value and process ! ! ! !
1	dr. dewan is one of the best doctors i have had .
1	he gets to know his patients , takes time , listens , and explains .
1	my mom ( 89 ) has been with solari for almost two years .
1	she is in the hospice at home program .
1	her treatment by the visiting nurse and other staff has been wonderful .
1	she has on occasion needed to spend some in-patient time .
1	the facility is clean , the rooms are beautiful and well equipped .
1	the staff is friendly , attentive , and caring .
1	mom is eager to see the visiting staff each day .
1	i am happy by what i see of her care at home and in-patient .
1	this is a fine place for my mom .
1	i had a tummy tuck yesterday , 4/25/18 and dr turkeltaun has been amazing !
1	he has been so attentive and personable !
1	t ! ! ! ! !
1	so satisfied with my massage !
1	we got the full body and foot massage .
1	the atmosphere was so peaceful , very zen .
1	they dimmed the lights for us and had very peaceful music .
1	my masseuse jenny was great !
1	i literally do not have one complaint .
1	will not go anywhere else as long as i can go here .
1	i am not a yelp newbie .
1	been to hundreds of places but too lazy to write anything normally .
1	millie seems to change my mind about this .
1	neck pain is gone calves are loose shoulders no longer tight .
1	will definite see her again when i come back to vegas
1	dr. diana is awesome .
1	she spent lots of time on me and made me feel really special .
1	i have been to many chiropractors and this office is the most service-oriented !
1	i recommend this place to everyone .
1	thanks for my first hydrafacial !
1	i would definitely come back again for another !
1	thank you so much , owl .
1	you have totally committed customers in us !
1	dr. herrera-tan is such a personable , knowledgeable and heart warming physician .
1	this is what brought me back to her office .
1	ivy , gave me a mani that i ca n't stop looking at !
1	then there was kevin ... my boyfriend said it was his best pedi ever .
1	i am thrilled with the results of my treatment by dr. faisal a. suba .
1	dr. suba and the staff were very caring and professional .
1	i highly recommend dr. suba of alliance mental health specialists .
1	the spa is clean , smells great , and is relaxing .
1	the staff is great .
1	she has a great understanding of the services that she offers .
1	pvsec is a truly exceptional place .
1	all the doctors are amazing and obviously very good at what they do .
1	aside from the docs , the staff is also incredible .
1	the receptionists are quick and friendly , and the technicians are wonderful .
1	we can not thank pvsec enough !
1	thank you sheri for being so sweet and so professional .
1	i felt like crap and you made it all better .
1	you work for a great company .
1	i bought the groupon for a mother /daughter facial .
1	it was fun and my daughter loved it .
1	i am really glad that i went .
1	she waxed my brows .
1	the atmosphere was really relaxing .
1	this mail order pet pharmacy is easy to work with and efficient .
1	ok , so some things are n't healthy even though they 're vegetarian .
1	highly recommend the bbq veggie burger .
1	i just started coming here after moving to the area recently .
1	first impression is definitely great .
1	dr. goldring provided an in depth analysis .
1	overall seems like a top class place with great service all across the board .
1	working with josefa was wonderful .
1	i still now realizing how much it has benefited me !
1	almost fell asleep while getting work done , very good and comfortable experience .
1	will be returning in 2 weeks for more work
1	i went to see megan on wednesday for a micro-needling treatment .
1	megan was gentle and thorough .
1	i 'm loving the results and will definitely be going back .
1	ca n't recommend dr.hackneyos enough , my go to guy for flight physicals .
1	$ 85 for a second class medical .
1	see you in two years !
1	i just had the best facial i 've ever experienced , by far .
1	shadif is super informative , thorough and sweet .
1	big points for being a holistic esthetician too !
1	keeps the body happy .
1	no signs for this location anywhere .
1	it 's hidden in the back of the safeway .
1	not pleasant to rip off .
1	i 'll be asking for stretchy wrap or bringing my own bandaid next time .
1	this eye care office was great !
1	everyone was on staff was very friendly .
1	louiza 's level of customer service was dynamite !
1	gina and bob were helpful when i was checking out frames .
1	dr.alavian , hannah , and jessica have been amazing .
1	i 110 % recommend coming to see them !
1	i would recommend my friends and family to him without a doubt !
1	i have gone to andrew twice for different issues .
1	i totally agree with other people about his soothing voice and presence .
1	if you go to this with an open mind you wo n't be disappointed .
1	there is never a hurry to get you in and then get you out .
1	my niece and i had a great experience at this lovely salon !
1	amazing doctors and staff !
1	greeted as soon as you walk in and helped if needed .
1	will always recommend this location to family and friends !
1	this gym is flat out awesome .
1	overall , i love it here and could n't recommend it enough !
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	they got me in lickety split.. needed a root canal .
1	i did n't feel a thing which is a plus in my book !
1	gisselle the assistant was super nice very helpful she made me feel comfortable .
1	cuz i was super nervous .
1	dr. truong was amazing !
1	which tells me he 's serious about doing his work .
1	gabby very helpful she got the best out of insurance .
1	i will be back becuz this queen needs her crown ! !
1	i hope this review was helpful .
1	have a great day !
1	dr. singh is a wonderful top notch doctor who takes the time to listen .
1	his staff are attentive and professional .
1	in low light i use reading glasses for seeing up close .
1	i love her compassion and professionalism !
1	i would n't go anywhere else for my female medical needs !
1	dr. p is the one !
1	the rest of the staff is so friendly !
1	we could not be more satisfied to be spending our time here !
1	a good friend of mine recommended laseraway .
1	it 's a very clean place with professional staff .
1	you can save time by finding the documents online and completing before the appointment .
1	they cover a variety of areas not just hair removal .
1	the medical staff were nice and professional .
1	i would definitely return and i would highly recommend them .
1	we had a massage and sea salt body scrub which was great today .
1	devon is an excellent therapist .
1	yes , you read that correctly .
1	actually , i love going to the dentist .
1	and i still like going .
1	my favorite thing is getting my teeth cleaned .
1	i was really impressed with this office .
1	very clean and modern and the back office is really high tech .
1	flat screen tv playing netflix while you wait .
1	adrienne , my hygienist was very gentle and thorough .
1	dr. tounian was friendly and not to mention , he 's hot .
1	i liked his cliff huxtable sweater .
1	i 'll be changing my teeth cleanings to three a year .
1	-sylvia the front desk girl rocks also .
1	clean nice very professional atmosphere !
1	i 've never had a thai style massage .
1	it 's definitely not what i expected , but a great experience nonetheless .
1	this massage focuses on stretching as much as massaging .
1	the pricing is very reasonable .
1	the only thing i found odd was the room layout .
1	the staff was very friendly .
1	i will be back .
1	excellent customer service and they stand behind their work 100 % !
1	you will never be disappointed here start to finish .
1	i had a tattoo removal treatment at reset tattoo and was extremely impressed .
1	i would highly recommend reset tattoo .
1	thank you so much to him and the whole staff .
1	we are so grateful to have found you !
1	my experience with dr. angelchik and his staff was nothing short of amazing !
1	kristen was so friendly and helpful since the day of my consultation !
1	i felt very comfortable and welcomed since day one !
1	i highly recommend dr. angelchik and his office gals to anyone !
1	the salon was larger than i anticipated , and very clean throughout .
1	kur health spa is charlotte 's newest secret .
1	renate gave me such a relaxing foot soak before the infrared sauna .
1	i jumped into the infrared sauna and it was awesome !
1	once i was done in the infrared sauna i went to the salt room .
1	i relaxed in a wonderful chair and breathed in the salt and just relaxed .
1	it was the perfect way to cool down from the sauna .
1	i can not recommend kur enough !
1	* convenient location with lots of parking !
1	* there 's a little bit of everything .
1	one of the best dentists in this town !
1	he has a great staff that are very professional and friendly .
1	i would definitely recommend smile concepts !
1	it was a dream come true when this place opened right near me !
1	tons of spices and fantastic quality/range of vitamins and supplements .
1	the staff here know me because this is my go-to place .
1	they 're pretty good at both locations , though .
1	my most recent trip there i tried the beach bowl .
1	it was abso-fricking-lootely amaaaaahhhhzing .
1	they really took home all the points on flavour with this bowl .
1	the beach bowl is definitely a keeper .
1	it is a must-try bowl ! ! !
1	also , the black bean burrito - one of my all time favourites .
1	i will be having dr. athari do my 7th dental implant .
1	dr. athari and his assistant made me feel relaxed and comfortable .
1	i just started coming here around a year ago .
1	found them through mail advertisement and decided to check them out .
1	so glad i did !
1	this is a modern office with clean rooms and beautiful decor .
1	dr. davis is great at what she does !
1	this means visits are higher than `` in network '' dentist .
1	even with that being said ... i keep going back .
1	a good dentist is hard to find ! !
1	trust me when i tell you that dr. davis is a good one !
1	i was very pleased with my two visits .
1	all the staff members are extremely nice and make you feel comfortable .
1	consistent amazing customer service .
1	a great experience every single time i walk into this office .
1	every single team member is extremely kind , helpful and professional .
1	i went with invisaline for my crowded teeth .
1	i ca n't help but smile .
1	today , i get compliments daily on my smile and teeth .
1	it 's the best investment i 've ever made .
1	i was recommended by a friend and i see why .
1	i 've recommended them to anyone who will listen .
1	go experience it yourself .
1	i started out with issues between anthem insurance and apria communicating with each other .
1	i 've been going there for years .
1	they 're always friendly and i always have a great massage .
1	my experience with willow medispa is always exceptional .
1	dr. rossi is extremely knowledgeable and always explains everything he does .
1	i feel so high maintenance , but they were so kind .
1	also , thrilled i got to meet izzy - what a sweetie !
1	i striny recommend willow medispa they are amazing !
1	tell them celina referred you !
1	i 'm quite shocked to see such negative reviews on yelp .
1	i 'm in and out and with great service .
1	my daughter has been going here since she was 2 and loves going .
1	they are very professional and kid friendly .
1	everyone at this office is very caring , from the dr to the staff .
1	i feel very confident that i 'll get my issues controlled .
1	brightstar was our first experience with a home health care agency .
1	it was overwhelming positive !
1	met lots of nice caregivers .
1	they all treated my father very well and we established personal relationships with them .
1	their care was vital for dad 's physical , emotional and mental health .
1	their meal preps and shopping made our home life much more manageable .
1	i would absolutely recommend brightstar for home health care services !
1	those wishes are the guiding principles followed by the care givers at sage hospice .
1	god bless the amazing work of these talented and selfless caregivers .
1	the massage itself was amazing .
1	it was honestly such a relaxing hour .
1	to the management : bravo !
1	thank you massage envy !
1	newer facility next to tempe st. luke 's hospital .
1	with my knee still iffy , i chose to reschedule to the next week .
1	we are now 3 weeks out from the injury .
1	there were about 12 people in the waiting room .
1	the receptionist was friendly and bilingual .
1	there were 2 doctors working out of this office on this day .
1	then a physician 's assistant ( pa ) comes in and asks what happened .
1	finally , the doctor comes in and asks what happened .
1	i will review the doctor separately after my care is complete .
1	dr. cabi is the best dentist i have ever had .
1	i 'm always amazed at how efficient and caring his is during each appointment .
1	his staff is always friendly and professional .
1	i have been very impressed with dr. cabi and highly recommend his dental practice .
1	the staff at chenin orthodontics is absolutely amazing !
1	they are all so helpful , kind , fun and knowledgeable !
1	my whole family has now gone through and finished treatment .
1	thank you ... .. for our beautiful smiles .
1	dr. dewan has been the best so far .
1	he is seen my sister for diabetes and thyroid problems .
1	if i have a question , he always have an answer for me .
1	all the staff is great .
1	we do n't wait long to see the doctor .
1	dr lisa is awesome .
1	tell her diana sent you .
1	you wo n't regret it .
1	i 'll be back !
1	contacted the spa thursday night , through their website .
1	replied to within an hour to confirm two appointments for the following day .
1	nothing else was mentioned about it , which i truly appreciate .
1	simone was my masseuse and she was amazing .
1	i look forward to seeing simone again in the future and returning to elements .
1	dr. prabhu is truly a doctor among the best .
1	he is not only knowledgeable but his kindness and compassion is unfounded .
1	he demands his staff follows his professional standards .
1	every member of his team are great at whatever task they are giving .
1	every specialist he has referred me to are great doctor 's .
1	insuring continuous good treatment .
1	he is the whole package .
1	thank you dr. prabhu .
1	my 1st time there .
1	the aesthetician was so sweet n knowledgeable that she put me at ease .
1	i 'd recommend it n would definitely go back .
1	the best massage i have ever had in my life .
1	my massage therapist , stephanie , did a really fantastic job .
1	the customer service is impeccable .
1	the spa is very cute , lovely ambiance .
1	i love they way mary explains and how knowledgeable she is .
1	consider microdermabrasion and peeling .
1	quite some time with you and do n't think going elsewhere .
1	every treatment takes time , the secret is mary and patience .
1	i ca n't wait for my next appointment , i highly recommend her .
1	dr. guy torres is my o.b.g.y.n and i absolutely love him .
1	he 's old school and takes his time .
1	i never feel rushed and he genuinely cares .
1	the office staff are all friendly and pleasant .
1	the wait times are not that bad .
1	i would n't want to go anywhere else .
1	i can not recommend dlk dental and dr kowsari enough .
1	happy with my visits at bella smiles !
1	so glad a friend recommended this place !
1	tell me where else you can get that screaming deal .
1	and that 's just for one .
1	i am so pleased with america 's best .
1	i would recommend this place to everyone !
1	these folks are the best and really care about their clientele .
1	in fact we would never go anywhere else .
1	an example on care , my wife had an infected tooth and gums .
1	this is care beyond any of my previous experiences with any business .
1	we will never change dental service .
1	these folks are the best .
1	after two visits i can feel improvements .
1	give them a try !
1	you will be very happy !
1	it was a tombstone pizza vending machine .
1	i feel like this should have been the first place we visited .
1	it is now 6am - just getting out of the hospital .
1	was looking for reasonably priced couples message and was not disappointed .
1	relatively close the strip and extremely friendly service .
1	we did the 70-minute full body message .
1	great experience and would definitely come back next time we 're in vegas !
1	dr. roach keeps me healthy and happy and always gives personalized adjustments .
1	we arrived early , and they were able to get us in right away .
1	when i went back for my labs , the nurses were incredible .
1	now , onto the surgery , and the overnight stay after .
1	my nursing staff was absolutely incredible .
1	she was prompt with my meds , and very caring .
1	my favorite nurse , however , was joseph .
1	) ... but the broth was good !
1	i do not agree with the negative comments .
1	the costs are fair and the staff is friendly , including the dentists .
1	i had my first root canal with this office and it went great !
1	i was very nervous , but they made me feel safe and comfortable .
1	i will recommend my friends and family here !
1	honestly the best dental appointment i 've ever had .
1	the office is clean with a nice atmosphere .
1	the office staff is awesome .
1	the banchik 's are very nice people .
1	dr. leon did a great job on my general dentistry and cosmetic .
1	thank you so much !
1	... well vision source was the perfect place to go !
1	but seriously , i love this place !
1	they are able to turn a typical dentist visit into something pleasant .
1	absolutely reccomend it , even if its not your area
1	i could not be happier with the decision to swith to dr. noorda !
1	he told us information no other doctor took the time to tell us before .
1	kristen catered a dinner party for me with 17 guests .
1	the dinner was amazing ! !
1	everything was cooked to perfection .
1	kristen makes a point to make sure every detail is taken care of .
1	she really goes above and beyond to make sure everything is perfect .
1	we had a filet with prawns .
1	the filet and prawns were cooked to perfection .
1	you must try the crab cakes .
1	guests said they were the best crab cakes they ever had .
1	many guests asked how i found kristen because they were so impressed with her .
1	i would highly recommend her .
1	deb was all encompassing of these attributes and more .
1	i know i will be returning !
1	my pain doctor of three years left the practice i was a patient of .
1	i was totally happy with him .
1	the first thing he did was cut my pain meds in half .
1	no titrating my medication down gradually .
1	he had me to start a regiment of epidurals and facet injections .
1	i had never heard of a physiatrist so googled it to find out .
1	physiatrists are rehabilitation physicians .
1	we do n't do that .
1	we follow the standard of care written by the ama .
1	come see us for an honest second opinion .
1	it 's that simple . ''
1	i could n't believe it ! ! ! !
1	i made my appointment with dr. fedoriw right away .
1	they were able to see me the following week .
1	i found my life again !
1	thank you dr. wladislaw fedoriw for giving me my life back .
1	fruit and lounging in the spa room first and then wonderful relaxation .
1	would recommend to anyone looking for an awesome massage at an awesome price .
1	great quality at a great affordable price !
1	i have been to red mountain twice for cool sculpting .
1	i felt very comfortable there .
1	i would definitely go back for other services .
1	they also have new specials every few months which can make it more affordable
1	pain free dental care !
1	they even offer free hotstone if you check in on yelp .
1	the lady was very good .
1	it was all good , medium to firm pressure and relieved the tension .
1	she also did a lot of work on my legs and back .
1	i was really impressed with how much she did for the price .
1	ok it got wayyy better .
1	and for goal i wrote all my knots in neck and back-get out .
1	i went to carmen today for ipl treatment and she did a wonderful job !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	not the best massages we had but we both enjoyed it .
1	i would go back for another try .
1	420 : dank as heck .
1	professionalism of operation in general was outstanding .
1	people were courteous , well trained , and the vibes were irie .
1	bonus : they have a drive thru and you can order online and p/u .
1	also they have willie nelson joints .
1	god bless america man .
1	dr. hanna and his staff are amazing !
1	he 's down to earth , patient , kind and an outstanding gifted physician .
1	i 've struggled with weight issues my entire life and needed an aggressive approach .
1	not once were they rude or short .
1	they always helped me .
1	i highly recommend dr. hanna !
1	you will not regret it .
1	he 's everything i looked for in a physician .
1	thank you so much !
1	this is an amazing community .
1	very thankful that i was introduced to this place .
1	one of the better safeway around .
1	they have an extensive gf section in comparison to most safeways .
1	the store is big , and well stocked .
1	the bathrooms are what you expect but always welcome to use .
1	my veggies do n't wilt within days .
1	good on you safeway .
1	i 've seen many , many chiropractors over a 30 year period .
1	my back is now feeling so much better and getting stronger every week !
1	he 's the best dentist i 've been to .
1	my dentist referred me to him for wisdom tooth removal .
1	he did a really good job .
1	my gum healed soooo fast and i barely used pain killers .
1	of course , it still felt weird but no pain at all .
1	he accepted a lot of insurance plans .
1	i purchased a groupon a while back and finally used it .
1	dr. poremba and his staff are amazing .
1	i 've been going to them for 3 years .
1	karolyn the dental hygienist is my absolute favorite .
1	service has always been excellent and prompt .
1	i recommend this place to anyone seeking a new dentist in the valley .
1	dr. whalen is the best : ) office staff is very nice .
1	always takes his time making sure my handful special need child was comforable .
1	well educated for all all my questions .
1	always have great service .
1	feel like my eyes are checked very thoroughly .
1	one great thing is i 've never had a billing issue .
1	starting with the front desk , connie is incredible .
1	she always greets you with a smile and is always willing to help .
1	her patients seem to thrive .
1	then there is kari .
1	well she is in a league of her own .
1	i would n't go any where else .
1	great staff ... efficient and knowledgeable .
1	did not try to sell me during my consult .
1	absolute rave reviews for dr. singh and his team at westfield eye !
1	best teeth cleaning in town .
1	joanna best dental hygienist .
1	staff friendly and courteous .
1	fastest crowns in town .
1	i had porcelain fused with metal crowns on my two front teeth .
1	dr willardsen did a fantastic job , his staff was kind and amazing .
1	fantastic massage , perfect pressure .
1	this is not one of those seedy places with flashing neon lights open 24/7 .
1	normal biz hours 930-6. i highly recommend rosie .
1	$ 105+ tip for 80min .
1	if you live here like me indulge all you want !
1	cons : rosie only works fri-sun
1	dr. van oosten is great !
1	i seriously can not recommend him enough !
1	his staff sue and deb are so nice .
1	they make getting you in for an appointment so easy and stress free .
1	dr. van oosten is a wonderful chiropractor .
1	i highly recommend lakewood chiropractic !
1	i was shocked what my dentist wanted for same results of over $ 500 .
1	my sensitivity was mild and goes away by the next day .
1	i used stripes before and never got this great of a result .
1	i feel the stripes are just as expensive over time and not as effective .
1	they called the day before and wanted to reschedule it an hour later .
1	i was a little grumpy about it but i agreed .
1	you could pay double at your hotel , but why ?
1	you guys have seriously won my loyalty to the end of time .
1	this is a great dental office .
1	i would recommend dr gombert to any of my friends or family .
1	excellent dentist and practice .
1	very glad i found him .
1	i came in for an eye exam on a very busy day .
1	however , despite the crowd , i felt welcomed by the great employees .
1	the technicians seemed comprtent and nice , although a little bit tired .
1	i had my second session yesterday with rotem in his wonderful pool .
1	omg ! ! ! !
1	it was so incredible .
1	he combined many different aquatic therapy techniques with me .
1	each was so skillful , done with such attention and care .
1	and every single issue was made to feel 1000 times better .
1	i feel like a new woman .
1	you must try a session with him !
1	more than 2 years later , i now see rotem every week .
1	he keeps getting better and better !
1	without his treatments i would 've needed a hip replacement by now .
1	answered all my questions and then some .
1	thank you so much !
1	great selection of frames too at reasonable prices .
1	thanks again guys appreciate you !
1	i highly recommend this office .
1	the new front office staff is wonderful .
1	this place is fantastic !
1	they helped my main problem with 2 visits .
1	oh , they accept some insurances too !
1	i fell in love with dr. damore from the very first visit .
1	she was so kind and sweet .
1	i could tell she loved doing what she does .
1	she would be the one i would return too if i had my second .
1	she is a amazing outstanding doctor .
1	she just delivered my baby girl .
1	our dog has valley fever and has been on meds for a few months .
1	i highly recommend roadrunner .
1	zelly is the best at alliance .
1	she is so caring , compassionate , and such a great listener .
1	much needed and appreciated .
1	thank you , zelly .
1	this establishment is clean , calm , and comforting .
1	carol , who was assigned to me was outstanding .
1	marta thank you and carol thank you !
1	very helpful and informative !
1	would definitely recommend to anyone that is looking for a professional and helpful spa !
1	honest , helpful , caring , and very thorough .
1	here is no high pressure sales of prescription dog foods or unnecessary procedures .
1	dr. casey is truly a dedicated veterinarian who cares deeply for her patients .
1	best dental office i 've ever been to .
1	purchased their groupon and they did a great job .
1	complete x-rays and exam .
1	all staff was great especially the hygienist .
1	i will be back and bringing all my family .
1	the staff is really nice and helpful .
1	they tell you exactly what you need and how often to get it .
1	i will for sure be going back .
1	these people are amazing .
1	the optometrist is so patient and kind .
1	his office staff are just so helpful .
1	when my progressives came in , they were incorrect .
1	but , here 's the kicker .
1	i have had these glasses for a month .
1	somehow , i got a scratch on the inside of the lens .
1	the office has a one-time replacement lens policy if you scratch your glasses .
1	all it took was a phone call and they are having new lenses made .
1	i ca n't speak highly enough about eyes on las vegas .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	overall , i got what i paid for = happy customer & pleasant review !
1	i found them on yelp & was impressed by the good reviews .
1	i made my appointment & the receptionist was so very kind & helpful .
1	the interior was clean & had lots of personality !
1	the waiting room was especially relaxing .
1	the message was a solid 9/10 !
1	i got a swedish massage with aroma therapy & was very relaxed afterwards .
1	thank you for a touch of vegas day spa !
1	i came in the evening of 7/26 and allison helped me .
1	she was beyond great and so helpful and knowledgeable .
1	allison was so helpful and patient .
1	answering all of my questions- and i had alot !
1	everything was so clean , staff was very friendly and willing to help .
1	i highly highly recommend shopping here for all of your pet needs !
1	great customer service and fanominal providers !
1	i discovered this place by accident and what a blessing it has been .
1	they are the nicest providers i have found since moving here 2 years ago .
1	best selection of fish and meats .
1	really affordable high quality fish , swordfish etc .
1	prompt checkouts and nice selection of veggies and fruits .
1	they even have a decent beer selection .
1	i met him in the hospital when i was admitted .
1	he 's saved my behind with treating my foot so i wouldnt lose it .
1	i greatly appreciate your help doc .
1	i highly recommend dr. krispel .
1	my opthamologist referred me to dr. krispel @ meadows retina .
1	i felt she understood my emotional state regarding my eyes .
1	i felt different at this office .
1	i give the doctor an `` e '' for excellent !
1	also , her staff was kind as well : )
1	everyone so friendly and personable .
1	the kids love going !
1	dr keith is great and they really care about you as a person .
1	they do all they can to fit your budget .
1	dr. zedek is great !
1	his treatment worked and my family is better now because of him .
1	thank you dr zedek .
1	immediadent in middleburg hts told me to come in right away .
1	on a sunday ! ! ! !
1	they recemented the crown and and saved the day .
1	i had such a wonderful experience i decided to make immediadent my new dentist .
1	i drove out of my way to the cedar location and was taken in .
1	dr rachenlii and his staff are so professional and always treat you like family .
1	simply the best dentist for your whatever issue you may have .
1	had such a great experience here !
1	i absolutely loved the results and the environment of this location .
1	it really is an oasis !
1	will be scheduling my next appointment very soon : ) .
1	i originally signed up at this location because it was close to my house .
1	i really appreciate them upping their prenatal therapists .
1	it allows me to get in for a massage when i really need it .
1	the staff is always polite .
1	great environment , with a great chiropractor .
1	knowledgeable , friendly and gets me back on my feet .
1	lori strathdee is an excellent registered massage therapist ( rmt ) running yorkdale wellness .
1	and lori keeps changing the decor to keep things fresh .
1	the iv treatment kicked butt too !
1	made appointment to see if i would be having boy or girl .
1	i was greeted by terry super welcoming !
1	was a bit nervous , she made us feel very comfortable .
1	she was able to tell me what i was having .
1	very pleased with the experience !
1	thank you terry , happy i picked your office !
1	kur is a neighborhood gem .
1	i value their holistic approach to health and wellness and appreciated the extra touches .
1	the staff is very friendly .
1	i was offered strawberry alkaline water upon arrival .
1	i left feeling relaxed and muscle aches were gone the next day .
1	kevin was wonderful and got everything moving again .
1	definitely one of the better thai massage place i have been !
1	i will for sure come back again .
1	dr. d does that !
1	overall the office and rooms are clean .
1	i have been going to north scottsdale laser & skin care for 4 years .
1	i go to dr. anderson for my treatments ( botox , filler ) .
1	they also do monthly specials which is great for your budget !
1	i love tje atmosphere and the massage is very good .
1	i truly loved the ezperience here !
1	love love love dr olson and staff !
1	dr olson has helped my scoliosis , si joint pain and overall feeling better .
1	my back is improving each week .
1	my back is not as stiff as it used to be as well .
1	this is a great place for chiropractics .
1	nice new ( clean ) facility .
1	dr. michael did an outstanding job with my dental work .
1	i would definitely recommend his practice to friends and family .
1	love , love anew medspa .
1	they are very knowledge regarding aging skin .
1	they do an excellent job with botox and fillers .
1	they also have an extremely friendly staff !
1	dr. mack is great and monica is an amazing hygenist ! ! !
1	friendly staff all the way around ... highly recommend this practice !
1	pineapple breeze is like crack .
1	friday is a good day to visit , 5 buck deal .
1	so rare to find a deal these days ...
1	my husband and i had massages .
1	my husband had the deep tissue which he said it was wonderful .
1	i had the reflexology massage and was wonderful as well .
1	it is very inexpensive and well worth it .
1	i would recommend this place to others .
1	it is just like a big box chain massage but much cheaper .
1	i am impressed at the look of the practice .
1	every attention to detail was given in the creation of this incredible healing space .
1	the space is just so relaxing , i was immediately put at ease .
1	paul is very knowledgeable and shows much compassion .
1	he carefully guided me through my treatment .
1	dr rios is awesome !
1	just wish they would do better with appointment times .
1	makes it inconvenient when you have to get to work .
1	other than that , the care is wonderful !
1	i was sent here by my dentist for an emergency root canal .
1	very happy with dr. gettleman and his staff .
1	i 'd like to say see you soon.. but i hope not ; )
1	i love kelly chiropractic .
1	he is an amazing dr. an i recommend him to everyone .
1	he has helped me tremendously with so many issues .
1	i will never trust anyone else to work on me but him .
1	dr. kelly an his wife jane are amazing people .
1	i know i am in good hands .
1	so if you want the best chiropractor i suggest you see him ...
1	this was a wonderful experience .
1	clean , relaxing environment .
1	the staff was professional and courteous .
1	will be visiting again !
1	patty is a breath of fresh air !
1	they both talked and joked and made me so comfortable and laughing .
1	the front staff was sweet and helpful .. the music was awesome !
1	i am receiving hand therapy at the scottsdale desert cove location .
1	i am so impressed with brooke allen and her assistants including emily .
1	they are encouraging and patient .
1	i like that there is such a variety of therapies they use on me .
1	my appointments are always on time and i always feel better when i leave .
1	plus everyone there is so kind it makes it easy to keep going .
1	this was the most amazing facial i have ever had .
1	i could n't wait to go back and try the next service .
1	one chair in your own private pretty little corner .
1	i 'll go back again and again ...
1	stumbled in here by chance just due to where we parked !
1	i was so impressed !
1	they have soap , shampoo , everything !
1	the place was large but manageable , clean and staff friendly at the til .
1	i can not wait to go back !
1	dr reyes , kathy and everyone else that works in this office is amazing !
1	they go above and beyond to take care of patients .
1	they will get you in in a moments notice .
1	i hate dental visits .
1	she also prescribed me a mouthwash that was n't even mandatory .
1	i have culinary insurance and they were the first place i called .
1	i really like going to dr. olson for acupuncture for my allergies .
1	my husband suffered with lower back pain and sciatica for over 2 years .
1	he took his mri 's to dr. patrick mcnulty .
1	my husband is now living the life he only dreamed of .
1	dr. mcnulty is a skilled surgeon and consummate professional .
1	he cares for the patient 's complete health , not only the orthopedic part .
1	we are so grateful to him and his staff .
1	i went to the neurology center january 09 this year .
1	i had read the negative reviews and obviously had somewhat uneasy feelings about going .
1	but went i did as i had been sent there by the insurance company .
1	i was greeted by a busy , and full , office .
1	but the two clerks working the counter were courteous , helpful and informative .
1	it took about 15 minutes to complete all the paperwork .
1	after she completed her job dr. yu came in and did additional nerve testing .
1	all in all i was in the examination room almost an hour .
1	during that time i was constantly undergoing testing .
1	also during that time i felt that dr. yu was pleasant and professional .
1	i do n't like going to the dentist .
1	good ol ' yelp to the rescue !
1	great service and staff !
1	the dentist spent a lot of time answering my questions and examining me .
1	i love working out with steve !
1	our family did bootcamp with him every saturday a few years ago .
1	tldr : the most amazing place i have ever been to or dealt with .
1	you ca n't possibly go wrong by going here .
1	i 'm pretty sure they saved my life .
1	step one extraction of the 5 of the 6 broken teeth .
1	on 12/13 i had those teeth `` surgically extracted '' .
1	i was beyond impressed from the minute i got there .
1	i actually liked them .
1	preparing myself for the horror of a dental appointment , as i recall them .
1	i did n't feel anything at all getting the shots .
1	ok. i 'm impressed but we 'll see how it goes .
1	so , i honestly felt like i was in the chair 15-30 mins .
1	i was confused at the end like `` we 're done ? ''
1	yeah , we were done .
1	spoiler alert : it went great .
1	i felt no pain .
1	i felt pressure , sure but trust me that is definitely not pain .
1	recovery : after the anesthetic wore off i was actually fine .
1	the tenderness is gone and the stitches are pulling themselves out a little .
1	`` are you sure it 's ok for me to swallow ? ''
1	`` what if i sneeze ? ''
1	they worked seamlessly with my insurance .
1	i 'm excited to have a plan .
1	i 'm excited to no longer have infected broken teeth in my mouth .
1	i 'm excited bc i have hope .
1	thank you ! ! !
1	dr nino is extremely professional and very knowledgeable in dealing with your spinal issues .
1	i highly recommend his practice .
1	clean , attractive surroundings and friendly , professional staff who are very welcoming .
1	overall , awesome place !
1	lab work done on site .
1	mini hospital in a strip mall .
1	great dr , great staff .
1	just moved to clt and joined the ymca .
1	it 's been recently renovated and it looks great .
1	i prefer the workout classes , my favorite is athletic conditioning on the rooftop .
1	i love love love this place ! ! !
1	they are kind and really go out of their way to help you .
1	please support this wonderful business ! !
1	they have everything from spray tans to weight loss .
1	super clean waiting room and consultant offices .
1	i always recommend these ladies .
1	i love this office .
1	the staff is really friendly , the place is really clean .
1	you can come here for either your woman 's wellness exams or for pregnancy .
1	it 's also great they have labs and ultrasounds on site .
1	i get so many complements on my lashes !
1	she is very passionate about her services and consistant !
1	the atmosphere is very professional and peaceful .
1	no need for mascara ! ! ! ! ! !
1	he was thorough , precise and delightful to deal with .
1	no flash , no upselling , just good solid service .
1	i was referred to him by a friend and am completely pleased .
1	i now recommend this terrific optometrist to you !
1	dr pisano & dr diana are amazing ! ! ! ! ! !
1	when i started with them i was suffering w chronic headaches .
1	my headaches are significantly better and my lifestyle is so much more enjoyable .
1	all dirt cheap ! )
1	i 'm bound to find something i ca n't live without .
1	then let 's move to the produce aisle .
1	cheap produce everywhere ... ..and even organic .
1	across the board , marc 's food costs me less money than other groceries .
1	overall very good experience .
1	actually , everyone working there was just plain and simple : cool .
1	in fact , even the other customers were chillaxed .
1	as you 'd hope .
1	this place is an everything nutri-wonderful treasure trove and the hood is fab .
1	and the prices are good .
1	that review coming soon .
1	this previous dentist was perfectly ethical .
1	i am so pleased .
1	dr. kim was wonderful .
1	the office staff was also very professional .
1	i 've had several great stylists , however , kelsey is the best !
1	rejuvination spa is an aveda salon and thus use all aveda products .
1	overall , their services can be a little pricey .
1	you 'll get great quality without breaking the bank .
1	at a cancer center , though , that is less often the case .
1	it 's a newer place , with giant windows and pretty photo art .
1	the staff has been great so far , too .
1	that does a lot for peace of mind and financial and medical decision planning .
1	then , a kind volunteer showed us the way to our next stop .
1	so far , two thumbs up .
1	the office is small , clean and quiet .
1	dr. david ngo is hands down the best dentist in arizona .
1	he took his time and explained everything step by step .
1	kiervy at reset iv was awesome very informative and professional at his occupation .
1	very quick and convenient than a emergency room ! ! !
1	every single therapist i was with was great here .
1	i come to her for a 1.5 hr massage on a weekly basis .
1	the pricing is not cheap , but it is definitely worth it .
1	i have not had a massage therapist like her and i highly recommend lily .
1	everyone here is nice including the front desk ladies .
1	another great laser treatment with nicole .
1	she is knowledgeable , professional , and helpful during every visit .
1	would n't see anyone else !
1	i am also a snowbird and am only here in the winter months .
1	she is very good with handling my disease and my vagabond lifestyle .
1	i 'm very pleased with this office and recommend them without reservation .
1	hands down , the most amazing spa ever !
1	incredible atmosphere , amenities , service , and experience .
1	absolutely perfect from the minute you walk in .
1	prices are surprisingly reasonable and they seem to run promotions and service discounts frequently .
1	all the staff were friendly and knowledgeable .
1	they even made accommodations for my sensitive teeth when cleaning .
1	i was amazed by the technology this office used .
1	i felt they did an incredibly thorough job .
1	i 'd highly recommend them .
1	easy to find , close parking , very affordable for quality of service .
1	nice , quiet , peaceful .
1	the staff is very accomadating as well
1	he did need surgery but not the same day .
1	dr yepremyan and his staff were really great at each of our visits .
1	this dental office is one of the best dental offices in that state !
1	the service is amazing and the appointment was quick .
1	i recommend it to anybody looking for a new dental office to go to !
1	maybe even a bargain . ''
1	i will definitely be back .
1	my sister and i started off our day with a pilates class .
1	the class only had four people , and the instructor was definitely top notch .
1	i went for my facial soon after wards .
1	the room and table were very comfortable and kept at the perfect temp .
1	my aesthetician was great .
1	my favorite part of the spa was the pool .
1	the pool is only for spa guests so it 's quiet and relaxed .
1	the food served poolside was surprisingly good .
1	my mom and sister went gaga over the turkey sliders .
1	the menu indicated it had 400 calories , but i do n't believe it .
1	if it 's true , that 's a work of black magic .
1	we also spent some time in the sauna and hot tub .
1	this area was much larger compared to the other spas i 've been too .
1	he is very conscientious and thorough .
1	not to mention a very polite caring office team .
1	love this place ! !
1	amazing and skilled staff that truly care about every patient .
1	i came to the spring spa today for the first time .
1	the service was awesome .
1	everyone was very sweet .
1	we all left feeling rejuvenated .
1	we recommend this spa to anyone who needs some tlc for their body !
1	excellent care , friendly office , reasonable price .
1	great service and reliable .
1	convenient location and an easy online booking system .
1	this place is awesome ! ! !
1	we were both sick and got ivs called to our house .
1	10/10 great staff , prices , speedy arrival , all of it .
1	first visit was yesterday .
1	video of what exactly to expect by being adjusted .
1	i was a little nervous , as this was my first adjustment .
1	ahh , the relief !
1	and feeling more flexibility and range of motion is a relief !
1	the receptionist explained pricing , and all of their packages are totally worth it .
1	ca n't wait to go back !
1	awesome place ! ! !
1	beautiful signs and graphics on the windows ! ! !
1	made my shopping experience awesome and i will be back ! ! !
1	i highly recommend this store for anyone ! ! !
1	thanks freddie ! ! !
1	great place to get excellent produce , & products !
1	i just love this place ! !
1	they are so good to me .
1	wish i came more often .
1	membership is awesome , the people are so friendly .
1	this place is worthy of 5 stars .
1	much better than many of the chains out there and probably most hotel spas .
1	seriously , check this place out .
1	i would highly recommend her for all your acupuncture need .
1	the office is warm , welcoming and most importantly professional .
1	looking forward to having dr. crum deliver my babies in a few weeks .
1	so i made another appointment for the next day .
1	she was very friendly and gentle .
1	they had pretty amazing nail polish and gel selection .
1	my sister had a french manicure and it came out great .
1	she said her technician was also very friendly and gentle .
1	she also mentioned that they used implements from a sterile blister pack .
1	her nails only saw chipping about 10 days after service .
1	overall i enjoyed my time here .
1	i will definitely be back when i 'm in the area .
1	i have been going to this salon for 11 years .
1	i have watched tina and gretchen grow it into an amazing spa .
1	from the moment you walk in , the aroma smells like beauty .
1	i give her full power to keep me young and hip looking .
1	she has never failed me .
1	as i age , i feel prettier than ever .
1	these people are amazing .
1	fill saddle bags for harley 's with warm blood ... . all day long .
1	the place was clean adn the wait was short !
1	the integrative vet med center team has set a new standard for veterinary care .
1	the team is friendly , accommodating , and put conrad at great ease .
1	dr. pfafman does n't miss a thing .
1	he patiently answers every question .
1	i absolutely love this gym , the coaches and the people who workout here .
1	this was my first crossfit experience coming from a background of traditional gyms .
1	there are so many different class times to choose from throughout the day .
1	saturdays are so much fun because there are usually team workouts .
1	the coaches focus on form to ensure that no one injures themselves .
1	all in all , you should definitely drop in and do a workout .
1	you 'll never want to go to another gym again !
1	i was so very pleased to find this community .
1	the staff is superb .
1	big shout out to jerry .
1	i would greatly recommend this community to anyone.i wish i had found them sooner .
1	this is not our normal dentist .
1	our daughter bumped her tooth pretty hard .
1	her tooth was loose , bloody gums , etc .
1	it was about 7pm .
1	they were one of the few dentists open .
1	we are grateful we came in .
1	did i mention how awesome they were ?
1	neither one would eat the mac and cheese , so i tasted it .
1	i was appalled at the very starchy sauce and very mushy pasta .
1	i threw it out .
1	the same response to the tamales , which i could n't wait to try .
1	totally dry with no flavor .
1	i threw them out also .
1	not to mention the person who waited on me .
1	i will be much more careful next time i hit the salad bar .
1	very nice and friendly staff .
1	quick turn around and as always much appreciated
1	this pharmacy is exactly what it should be !
1	they does just that very well here .
1	the staff are always very nice too , rushed , but still nice .
1	dr. frankie 's got it going on .
1	so glad i have him taking care of me .
1	one of the smoothest office visits i have ever had .
1	the staff was exceptionally nice to me and made me feel comfortable there .
1	i had an exceptional experience .
1	job well done there .
1	easy to get to .
1	friendly workers every once in awhile you stumble on a real pro therapist .
1	this beautiful and surprisingly strong little thai lady real knows her craft .
1	she 's my new `` best '' .
1	and i used to live in thailand .
1	i know what 's up .
1	you will walk out a rejuvenated new person .
1	family recommended this place .
1	kathy is great , the hygienist is awesome !
1	the dentist dr. nguyen is nice , professional , and efficient .
1	i had a great experience , highly recommend .
1	dr. morley is awesome !
1	what a blessing he and his staff have been .
1	we found a groupon for a great price for the 3d/4d ultrasound .
1	it was a great experience ! !
1	i just had a great experience at the joint !
1	they asked me questions and were careful to attend my needs .
1	he was an older gentleman !
1	did n't expect results !
1	dr. evans is very personable which makes going to the dentist more comfortable .
1	she has a sweet personality and overall is just awesome !
1	professional and awesome staff .
1	i would recommend them to family and friends .
1	place is clean and modern .
1	this shop turned out to be a god send .
1	great frames , great service , great prices , great optometrist in the back .
1	simply botox but after 15 years the best !
1	i will be back for filler and trust in your services .
1	i love dr. cherrington & his office staff !
1	dr. cherrington is a very kind and caring man .
1	i definitely recommend this office to anyone !
1	they are very professional and friendly .
1	they put my whole office room together for less than ikea and so quickly .
1	i 've used them twice already and will be using them again .
1	this was my first time here .
1	i was referred over for my fibromyalgia from my primary care doctor .
1	i had such a great experience as i was dealt with dr.khemka .
1	he was just the sweetest .
1	great place , dr kohler is the best !
1	his dental assisstants , rey and callan are also wonderful .
1	this dental office is a winner ! !
1	sometimes the people that make it all happen are never given any kudos .
1	deb in patient services always greets you with a smile !
1	daisy ( medical assistant ) who takes my vitals is friendly and professional !
1	and all the girls in accounts receivable just as professional as well !
1	chenin orthodonics has provided excellent treatment and care with my daughter 's braces .
1	very welcoming , friendly environment .
1	it 's clear that the orthodontists and their staff enjoy what they do .
1	my daughter 's smile is straight and beautiful , building her confidence .
1	reward programs keep the kids focused and on track with their dental care .
1	we automatically felt like a part of his family even though we just met !
1	thank you for such an amazing experience ( even at the dentist ! )
1	dr. truong and his staff are top notch .
1	it is so even toned and clear ! !
1	my back , chest and face never felt so good !
1	thank you soooooooo much ! ! ! !
1	you are a blessing ! !
1	had my first office visit with sunrise dental this morning .
1	yes , a dentist office that works on weekends !
1	so i went in early to fill out the normal paperwork and such .
1	the reception area was neat and comfortable .
1	the receptionist was nice and attentive .
1	no surprises after the work is done !
1	: ) i then met my hygienist with smiles and welcomes .
1	she escorted to the back office area which was clean and well kept .
1	took my digital x-rays and was impressed by the sanitation efforts after the x-rays .
1	she wiped down everything she touched with those wipe sanitizers !
1	she went over my teeth , checking the gums and teeth .
1	that , i knew , just did n't want to hear it .
1	then the dr thanked me for coming in shook my hand again .
1	after sitting down with her i agree to that title !
1	she explained what the picture of the teeth on my sheet and codes .
1	she thanked me for being a new patient and gave me a welcome gift !
1	i was given a nice reusable shopping bag with something in it !
1	amazing staff & even more amazing surgeon !
1	the folks at this facility take service to a new level .
1	best dentist i have been to so far !
1	he has 2 employees who are so nice and personable .
1	they remember me every time !
1	i never feel rushed or like another number .
1	most relaxing and calming massage place in town !
1	everyone is super friendly and the therapist listened to all my needs .
1	i will be back for sure for another massage soon !
1	hands down the best results i 've ever gotten with botox !
1	the environment is gorgeous .
1	staff is friendly and very knowledgeable .
1	overall great place for quality , healthy and quick meal !
1	unless i have meat , i 'm hungry .
1	then i went to fresh .
1	had a bowl of lentil soup and one of their super-protein salads .
1	i was full , happy , and amazed .
1	and i joke about the roots and bark .
1	this is a great place to go for detox and penance .
1	too loud for my tender little ears .
1	it 's a large place very open , clean and friendly staff .
1	large selection ... good product .
1	i love love love this office !
1	i went to heatherwood and had an amazing experience !
1	every time i leave a session i feel like a new woman !
1	one of my favourite vegan restaurants !
1	i think every burger/wrap/taco plate comes with a little kale salad , as well .
1	i believe they use almond grain patties ( or something like that ) .
1	i was a little disappointed in the crispy chick ' n tenders .
1	not worth the added price .
1	service is great , everyone is super friendly .
1	i 'll definitely be back !
1	dr.kevin kon was awesome , along with the front desk and their staff .
1	by far the best urgent care i have ever been too .
1	five stars for this hospital i was in the labor/delivery department .
1	the staff here made me feel so comfortable , safe , welcome , etc .
1	kathy at front desk really bailed me out !
1	super professional and compassionate .
1	earned my business that 's for sure .
1	i love this place , they are very cordial and friendly .
1	fast and easy to walk in and get your b12 shot .
1	they are a great help .
1	esos is outstanding in everything they do with absolute attention to detail .
1	they are knowledgeable and dedicated to all aspects of health and wellness .
1	i am a skeptic no more !
1	highly , highly recommend !
1	dr. daccache and his staff are the best in town !
1	he 's incredibly personable and you can tell he knows what he 's doing .
1	i highly recommend dr. daccache and his team !
1	had an amazing experience !
1	i have already recommended it to my friends and will definitely be going back .
1	it was absolutely relaxing .
1	he is extremely professional and truly cares about his customers .
1	this is very convenient and i highly recommend him .
1	happy to have a new eye dr place .
1	dr. cravatta is always very thorough and proactive in his care .
1	although his procedures are expensive , he does not steer you towards them unnecessarily .
1	he does excellent work .
1	his staff is always friendly , courteous , and helpful .
1	i would recommend him to anyone trying to avoid dentures .
1	i am so impressed with earth dragon .
1	i found them on groupon , and am so glad i did .
1	i 'll be signing up for their monthly membership soon .
1	the first dentist i actually enjoyed visiting ! !
1	it was a hot and sunny thursday afternoon ... haha j/k .
1	thankfully they were very understanding and still honored my appointment .
1	what truly made this visit exceptional was dr. arvin .
1	i 've probably recommended 5-10 people since i came here .
1	i love this place everyone is very nice and very helpful .
1	dr.t & thomas chu are excellent .
1	give all and any information on questions asked .
1	we 're even given samples and discounts when we did n't have insurance .
1	always eases any fears my child or i may have regarding any illness .
1	excellent i wish i could give them more than 5 stars .
1	we did a little searching and decided to try this place .
1	i got a french pedicure and a facial .
1	i was very impressed .
1	i would definitely go back if i 'm ever in vegas again .
1	heartily recommend this neighborhood family orthodontist office .
1	dr. popat handled braces for both our girls and is top notch .
1	bravo to this local family-run practice .
1	this place is an impeccable clinic !
1	i came all the way from las vegas to get adjustments from dr russell .
1	he is very thorough and professional .
1	i felt he really personally care about my lower back issues .
1	and more than anything , he executes adjustments well .
1	thank you dr russell you are awesome !
1	great service but you do have to wait awhile for a doc .
1	everything about this place is 5 stars !
1	my whole family goes here now .
1	you wo n't be sorry .
1	state of the art !
1	this review is long 'over-due ' ( har har ) .
1	allyson 's knowledge and humility struck me immediately .
1	she truly loves her line of work and cared deeply for my family .
1	that we met our daughter .
1	as first time parents we were nervous , but we had plenty of help !
1	and a birthing tub technician there .
1	allyson 's post-partum visits are so great .
1	how have i not written a review yet ? !
1	i will never go anywhere else !
1	charles and kristine are absolutely phenomenal ! ! !
1	the gals upfront are so darling !
1	i can not say enough great things ! !
1	she 's very smart , patient , kind and unhurried .
1	this is a great service !
1	fast , friendly staff and always ready to help .
1	my cat loved the toys too !
1	dr. petroff is a phenomenal dermatologist .
1	she has great bedside manner , and she truly cares about her patients .
1	i 've been a client for several years and would highly recommend her .
1	found this gem of an office while passing by my doctor 's office .
1	upon entering the lobby i encountered more pink , white and sparkles .
1	the tv in the waiting room looks like a painting !
1	they have an amazing full body massage chair along with coffee and water .
1	the toilet in the bathroom has led motion lights in the toilet .
1	i had a hand wax while i had my teeth cleaning .
1	i ended up getting a crown done .
1	i 'm really glad i found this place .
1	check out pristine dental !
1	alma was very informative and a pleasure to deal with .
1	thank you for the fun experience .
1	changed my perspective of yearly eye check ups !
1	went in and seen breanna today .
1	cody and his staff are amazing ! !
1	i was truly impressed with their perseverance and dedication .
1	i can not thank them enough for everything they did .
1	could n't ask for a better massage !
1	when i first booked with nicole i was in a lot of pain .
1	i had injured my back/neck one day before .
1	nicole is the real deal !
1	i have visited 4 different location and this one hands down is the best .
1	that 's because of dr. macintosh .
1	everytime i leave this office i feel great .
1	the adjustment offers instant pain relief .
1	they staff is also very friendly .
1	would highly recommend this location .
1	just recieved a massage with matt .
1	one of the best massages ive ever had .
1	amazing techniques , great flow .
1	i could not imagine going anywhere else .
1	moved out of state for about a year & was at a loss .
1	is with if you have a question someone will have a professional answer .
1	with autumn she is very professional and an expert in her field .
1	i went with my mother for a unique spa experience .
1	all of it was fantastic !
1	it was a bit pricey but i feel worth every penny .
1	best massage in vegas ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	if you need a rub down you must go to this location .
1	everyone was so nice and professional .
1	i loved my massage from ton .
1	nathan mclaws is an excellent dentist .
1	my family and i have been going to him for years .
1	we always recommend vista dorada for their friendly service and professional care .
1	5 star experience every time we 've walked through their doors .
1	celebrity skin is amazing !
1	i could n't be happier .
1	i came in for a dermabrasion .
1	i 've had them before from other places but jen was amazing .
1	the room was clean and relaxing .
1	i did n't want to leave after it was done .
1	my husband and i had a great experience at green valley fertility center .
1	we are so happy did !
1	i was recommended to dr. berry as i have terrible migraine headaches .
1	i have been going to him for a little over 2 months .
1	he is very thorough in his knowledge !
1	i had never heard of a chiro with emphasis in neurology .
1	it made sense to get to the route of the reason for the headaches .
1	i am so glad that i found him !
1	dr. gibson and her whole practice and employees are amazing !
1	in addition all of her staff including receptionists and nurses are stellar .
1	this dental office is one of the best dental offices in that state !
1	the service is amazing and the appointment was quick .
1	i recommend it to anybody looking for a new dental office to
1	absolutely fantastic vip treatment .
1	also , she got an awesome mani-pedi before we wnt to dinner .
1	great value , excellent atmosphere and outstanding service .
1	alex is the best ! ! !
1	we will definitely come back .
1	the absolute best service i have ever received .
1	she was fast and funny .
1	the epitome of great customer service .
1	screaming it to the world !
1	no getting bored with the workouts .
1	everyone encourages you to push yourself harder and keep going !
1	the divito 's are the best of the best .
1	the most advanced technology and pain free experience ever .
1	same day service for crowns and replacements .
1	work is done w laser technology rather than drills .
1	one more thing- enrico divito patented the laser technology .
1	i actually enjoy getting my teeth cleaned .
1	the office staff is kind , helpful and very very good at their job .
1	i wish i could give them 10 stars .
1	i 'm pretty satisfied with the resolution on my complaint .
1	received a nice facial and the prices for their services are affordable .
1	i felt a difference in my skin after the pampering .
1	when i got there is was nice and clean .
1	which the rooms were enclosed so you can enjoy the experience peacefully .
1	it is clean , comfortable and there is plenty there to choose from .
1	the presbyterian facility is large , sited on beautiful grounds .
1	a very nice facility with caring staff .
1	i heard april speaking to her client .
1	i asked her about a product and the procedure .
1	she explained everything and allayed my concerns .
1	i had the treatment done painless , great price and an awesome experience .
1	i always say everything happens for a reason .
1	my daughter went here after her eyelash technician moved away .
1	the place was very clean and the staff was extremely friendly .
1	her old technician was rather rough sometimes .
1	nothing like that happened here at fya .
1	tana was very gentle , soothing and very skilled .
1	there was no pinching , pulling and poking .
1	there was only perfectly straight , beautiful eyelashes .
1	been a regular here for 17 years .
1	however their staff are friendly .
1	dr. torres is a wonderful doctor and sylvia averett is the absolute best .
1	highly recommend both of them .
1	this place is clean and the staff are friendly and professional .
1	the clinic space itself is gorgeous .
1	the staff here are so kind and pleasant .
1	always a smile on their faces .
1	they make you feel like an old friend or part of the family .
1	and finally their service is absolutely superb .
1	top notch dental work and from beginning to end , a great patient experience .
1	i highly recommend this place .
1	i have been a patient of dr. schroeder 's for over 5 years .
1	i love this office and my doctor .
1	i do n't mind waiting as i know i will get the same service .
1	why was i surprised ?
1	because i 've too often left voice mail messages and received nothing .
1	so , props to elements for actually calling a prospective customer back !
1	the room was very quiet with light ambient music , perfect for zoning out .
1	presently , i do n't have any of the tension i normally feel .
1	one can transfer the discounted fee to friends/family and benefits roll over each month .
1	this place has a really good selection of supplements .
1	i have been in here twice in the last two weeks .
1	they also have protein shakes and internet available to customers .
1	other than that though this place is pretty legit !
1	this has been one of my best dental experiences so far .
1	the staff is helpful .
1	i need reminder calls ! !
1	michelle the hygienist is remarkable about answering the simplest questions .
1	as a staff they just seem on top of things .
1	first time there , and they made it so easy and quick .
1	evette was so nice and made the experience awesome .
1	the place was very clean and easy to find .
1	very friendly staff , very clean and lovely waiting room .
1	got me in almost as soon as i handed them my paperwork .
1	facility has some great technology that helps make the exam quicker and more efficient .
1	they let me sample before i picked up anything it was great .
1	i like the convenience !
1	the doctors and staff are friendly and professional .
1	i recommend the joint to all my friends and family .
1	i ca n't recommend this place enough !
1	i can not tell you how many times quan and jing have helped us !
1	we are very active and are always pulling muscles or tearing ourselves up .
1	they both have healing hands .
1	i have recommended them time and time again to many of my friends .
1	they all came back very happy .
1	the staff is very friendly and knowledgable .
1	he makes himself easily accessible to the patients .
1	i would highly recommend this office for any of your skin care needs !
1	i was surprised by the service , attention to detail , options , vibe ...
1	best manicure and pedicure i 've ever had anywhere .
1	ben took me at 9:30pm and i was there until 11:30 !
1	he took his time and did his work with a lot of pride !
1	i only wish i could bring ben back with me to la !
1	i will be seeing him every time i 'm in vegas now ! ! !
1	he is a must !
1	you were awesome ! !
1	it was a perfect gift for my mom !
1	she usually hates getting a massage but this time she did appreciate it !
1	: ) of course !
1	staff if sweet , friendly and accommodating .
1	atmosphere is chic and clean .
1	my daughter booked for the both of us to get an hour massage .
1	ruby was the one that gave me a massage .
1	she is really good .
1	she asked me where i wanted her to focus on .
1	i said my upper back and deep tissue .
1	she really really did a good jib .
1	the hour goes by pretty fast .
1	because i checked in thru yelp i got a free foot scrub .
1	i felt so new when i left .
1	the massage was greatly needed
1	eveyone is awesome dr nguyen treats you ! ! !
1	he dont fool around ! !
1	dr. faist is an excellent dentist !
1	his staff is superb , too !
1	it 's actually a pleasure going to the dentist 's now .
1	carmen is great ! !
1	prices are unbelievably low compared others !
1	she is professional , funny , and great at what she does !
1	this is a great place for rehab and therapy .
1	i went there for my left shoulder rehab after my july 2015 surgery .
1	this place is clean , and it is easy to schedule appointments .
1	if i am doing something wrong , they quickly come over to correct me .
1	i have been to other therapy places and would definitely recommend this one !
1	gina continues as my therapist and i could n't be happier !
1	as new hires come in , they continue to meet these same standards .
1	i am happy to have found this jewel in the desert !
1	these are the best adjustments i have ever had .
1	listen , jessica is the best .
1	it 's never painful , uncomfortable , or stressful .
1	but they 've all been very hospitable and professional .
1	probably see you in a little bit lol
1	beautiful store , nice doormen , polite and professional front desk people .
1	the prices are a tad high but the selection good .
1	the flowers fresh , even the pre-rolls .
1	it is worth the trip from anywhere in the valley .
1	my wife has been having terrible problems with siatica .
1	in two weeks 90 % of the pain is gone , mobility is back .
1	dr. donna and her staff have been really great with care and support .
1	it 's just an all around good place .
1	to work out the kinks .
1	friendly staff , professional service .
1	i 've been coming to this pharmacy for about 2 years now .
1	this office is amazing i highly recommend it .
1	dr. zedek does n't make me feel like i 'm `` crazy '' .
1	he is kind and caring absolutely love this doctor .
1	i ca n't say enough about how friendly and helpful our doctor here was .
1	take the time to go in and get a hearing evaluation .
1	this was my first time going to a cleveland clinic location .
1	and based on this experience , i definitely plan on going back .
1	pros -ease of check-in .
1	-attentive , concerned doctors ( and residents ! ) .
1	i love a good massage .
1	had simone the other day .
1	great skill and strength .
1	really worked out my knotts .
1	what a wonderful experience !
1	these days it is a miracle to even get 2 minutes with the doctor .
1	here i was able to ask questions and actually get some insightful answers .
1	i never felt uncomfortable or rushed .
1	i highly recommend this office .
1	the pas are wonderful and dr. romine was very attentive !
1	i came to dr. standley mainly because he was covered by my insurance .
1	i 'm definitely going back !
1	best dental experience possible from a person who fears a dental office .
1	the receptionist was so pleasant and welcoming .
1	the office wait was only a few minutes .
1	this is the best shopping experience i 've had for anything .
1	does joe have a brother ?
1	i needed 2 pair and still paid over $ 550 !
1	this was all before i even saw the dr for my exam !
1	back out to the optician to go over options for lenses .
1	i felt very comfortable in the lenses and frames we picked out .
1	they each came in one of those hard eyeglass cases that were so cute !
1	i have had two appointments to date and both times they have been wonderful .
1	i would highly recommend .
1	just got back from an awesome thai massage .
1	serious stretching and deep deep pressure .
1	i prefer as deep as it can be .
1	they always do a great job here .
1	i have recommended agape to everybody i care about .
1	i also love the personal training with erin .
1	dr. wyse is one of the most caring doctors i have ever had .
1	he takes the time to listen vs. just writing on a notepad .
1	dr. wyse follows up with you very quickly and actually cares .
1	i feel very lucky to have him as my doctor .
1	i also want to note that carmen his nurse/p.a .
1	is wonderful and give the same quality service as dr. wyse .
1	my children have been going to this place for the past 2 years .
1	theres been a lot of new faces in the past year .
1	the interior has recently changed .
1	kids dentistry now offers appointments on sunday as well for us working parent 's .
1	the dentists are super friendly and caring .
1	the receptionist are nice and warm welcoming .
1	the paperwork is now all electronic on their mobile device .
1	there is also a gender neutral restroom .
1	the pricing is fair compared to other dentists in the nw vegas area .
1	the location could be a bit better .
1	i recommend this office for chiropractic and sports injury recovery
1	came here for a ortho consult and then a cleaning .
1	both times a good experience , wait time was not bad either .
1	i have a hypothyroid problem , i thought i could never lose weight .
1	3 months later and 20 pounds thinner while eating regular food , just less .
1	this was just the kickstart i needed .
1	love the staff linda , nicole , jessica and cindy are the best .
1	dr. brigham is such an extraordinary orthodontics .
1	he is very meticulous and so professional .
1	if i can give a bonus star on here i would .
1	i chose 10 because the customer service is great .
1	they have always been very helpful and timely .
1	5 stars from me !
1	this cvs just recently opened .
1	the staff are all very friendly .
1	with mother 's day and teacher appreciation this coupon really came in handly .
1	it does not apply to any sales item however .
1	highly recommend this office !
1	whole foods is my fantasy wonderland !
1	people frequently ask what beauty products i use on my face .
1	i constantly default to whole foods in henderson .
1	i use the acure brightening facial scrub twice weekly , on it 's own .
1	i moisturizer daily with acure day cream .
1	i also drink volumes of water & green juice .
1	real water can be purchased by the case at whole foods .
1	they also carry neti pots that are good , too .
1	charles is absolutely the best !
1	he is gifted and a master at what he does .
1	i would never go to anyone but him for cosmetic needs .
1	e & s 83rd & buckeye location is fabulous !
1	my daughter told me they deserve a great review , so here i am .
1	dr. cary logan was a god-send to me during a recent visit to vegas .
1	note , yelp was an excellent resource to help with identifying options !
1	hence , dr. logan emerged as a front runner with high ratings !
1	great dentist , friendly staff , awesome place .
1	staff are friendly , and nice .
1	the whole process was smooth , and easy .
1	she is so happy with the overall experience with dr. david mortenson .
1	we are very happy with the service .
1	dr. badall and his team went above and beyond for me ! !
1	i instantly felt comfortable and welcomed .
1	dr.badall gave me the most painless filling i have ever had .
1	he 's also super quick which was really nice .
1	i wish i could remember her name .
1	i am so impressed with this place .
1	this review is based solely on my initial evaluation .
1	finally they called me to schedule my son for an appointment .
1	we were called back promptly and met with smitha .
1	smitha was amazing with kids .
1	she assessed his stutter by conversing with my boy .
1	she asked me about his home life and possible contributing factors .
1	i was given some tips on how to help him even further .
1	after a bad car accident i had to have surgery on my elbow .
1	my experience with dr. bigler was amazing .
1	he is an experienced surgeon with an excellent bedside manner .
1	dr. gustus has been a great fit for me , my wife and kids .
1	i love going to a dentist that i completely trust .
1	i have been a patient for 2 years .
1	he is honest and practical .
1	he has never tried to sell me anything .
1	the hygienists are also exceptional !
1	i ca n't forget them .
1	they have a professional and respectful attitude .
1	we love the gentle giant !
1	gabe is detailed , patient and tough .
1	all the things you want in a trainer .
1	it 's awesome and definitely a highlight of our workweek .
1	makes a case of the mondays much easier to handle .
1	i highly recommend this place !
1	friendly staff , and good management !
1	we liked the selection of frames as well .
1	will be back forsure !
1	pursuing healing with paul is a decision that one will benefit highly from .
1	i am now a true believer in the effectiveness of his work .
1	he seriously goes `` above and beyond '' for your treatment .
1	words can not properly express his enthusiasm for his patients .
1	i am a newer client to arcadia h & w .
1	great place to get `` adjusted '' !
1	dr layton is the most amazing obgyn ever .
1	he has done 3 c-sections for me .
1	he is absolutely an amazing surgeon .
1	with each c-section he seems to make the scar look even better .
1	i cant say enough .
1	pick this doctor you will not be disappointed ! !
1	love her , and the staff .
1	super nice , and very educational .
1	more spa like than most of the average foot massage places .
1	the head shampoo should be tried at least once .
1	it was so relaxing i dozed off .
1	they even dry your hair for you .
1	the staff is fantastic too .
1	your experience is what you make it .
1	this is an excellent facility and i would never dream of going anywhere else !
1	i have been to see dr gombert several times now .
1	but , his staff is equally nice and very capable .
1	i would recommend this office to anyone .
1	lorna is very kind and very thorough .
1	it was a relaxing experience and you will feel very comfortable there .
1	prices are very fair and reasonable .
1	the store is clean and organized .
1	the staff is very knowledgeable and helpful !
1	great doctor with tons of experience .
1	( i was 24 at the time .
1	that 's an unacceptable answer . )
1	dr. kelly is absolutely worth a visit .
1	just as an fyi , this doctor does n't accept tricare insurance .
1	i 've been to this urgent care 4 times in the last year .
1	the doctors here are professional , especially dr. hogan .
1	they will help you with it .
1	super nice staff , helpful and friendly .
1	dr. glick is wonderful !
1	i had a spot biopsied that came back as basal cell .
1	he removed it successfully .
1	one word : perfect !
1	their service is the absolute best i have experience at a foot spa .
1	enjoyed every minute of it .
1	tip : check in on yelp and get a free sea salt foot scrub .
1	my boyfriend came here for his first time today .
1	he was so relaxed and comfortable .
1	the staff here was awesome .
1	friendly , kind , and compassionate .
1	my boyfriend has alot of work to get done here and he doesnt mind !
1	if i didnt have a dentist i would come here too ! ! !
1	i gave 20 bucks though.dont be cheap !
1	how much would you pay on the strip ! ?
1	james was an excellent massage therapist .
1	he listened to my requests and applied the perfect amount of pressure .
1	i highly recommend james .
1	dr. donna and her team are awesome !
1	she listens carefully so she knows how to help you .
1	from the minute you walk in the door everyone is so nice .
1	they make you feel welcomed at ease and taken care of .
1	my whole family comes here , and we all love it .
1	we were able to schedule an appointment within a week .
1	although the office gets busy at times , they were very organized and professional .
1	she is very knowledgeable and will answer any questions you have throughout your pregnancy .
1	she checked up on us daily while we were in the hospital as well .
1	i went in as a new patient .
1	had an exam and cleaning .
1	the staff were great .
1	dr. wyatt was nice , knowledgable and not bad on the eyes either .
1	dr. sanchez is the kindest most compassionate dr. i have ever met .
1	he never makes you feel rushed & answers all my questions & concerns .
1	i am getting older .
1	that 's the good news .
1	i do not take good care of my body .
1	that 's the bad news .
1	i know ani and kristen .
1	that 's the good news .
1	and that is the excellent news .
1	treat yourself right and get a therapeutic massage .
1	tell them bear sent you .
1	dr. van oosten is very knowledgeable and professional .
1	he 's helped me to manage .
1	chronic back pain for years .
1	the owner is flexible , nice & does a great job .
1	i always feel better after my messages .
1	it was good very friendly staff alexis was awesome .
1	and beautiful waiting area free coffee
1	we had a 20 dollar discount card which came in handy .
1	they gave us another discount card to use for next month for 10 dollars .
1	great facility and care providers .
1	called in and was scheduled to be seen within half an hour .
1	close to i10 freeway .
1	they treat you like family .
1	they given us the best treatment and explained the process along the way .
1	they have fun events throughout the year too .
1	i 'm so happy we came here for my daughters braces .
1	absolutely love everything about this place .
1	the establishment , the staff , the doctor , everything .
1	meredith handled financing and she is absolutely amazing .
1	angie was always a smiling friendly face to see , as well .
1	they are a wonderful team .
1	i will recommend and refer them to everyone , adults and kids .
1	i 'm incredibly happy with my results , too .
1	thank you for being so awesome , guys !
1	everything ( but the wine and liquers ) is stored in cute clay-looking kegs .
1	and the best part ?
1	the staff encourages sampling -- of anything and everything .
1	amazing -- my future greens and sauteed veggies salute you , vom fass !
1	this is a great office ! ! !
1	i have been treated by both dr. gunter and jimmy tran .
1	both are capable and personable even if pressed for time .
1	my overall objective is always for success in healing .
1	in my dozen or so appointments everything has always healed up .
1	that is my kind of office ! !
1	thanks to all of them -- - : ) : ) : )
1	great no nonsense optometrist office .
1	my appointment ran on-time which is important to me .
1	the doctor is knowledgeable and proficient as is the front desk .
1	i would recommend this office to friends and family without hesitation .
1	listens , evaluates your progress , and makes adjustments accordingly .
1	wants the best for you and your family .
1	mesa fit body boot camp is as good as it gets !
1	everyone who works out here is warm and encouraging .
1	come work out with us and see results ! !
1	i did not have time to deal with breaking my glasses frame !
1	thanks for saving the day ! !
1	off the charts , once again .
1	david is a master of his craft .
1	he could charge double what he does , and i 'd still go .
1	( but please do n't ! )
1	be good to yourself and go see david !
1	i am very pleased with the care i received .
1	my mother had worked for an o.d .
1	in the past , so i knew what good care was .
1	and they provided that .
1	dr. nichols was great .
1	fees were 30 $ for fingerprinting ... fast service .
1	some hassle , lack of customer service but no troubles .
1	the best nail salon in vegas .
1	customer service was excellent ! !
1	ask for ben his the best !
1	every time i go here there is little to no wait time .
1	the doctors are friendly and courteous and i 've never felt rushed to leave .
1	i did my diligence and solari hospice care was on my list .
1	i have had wonderful experiences !
1	dr. tam is very friendly and professional .
1	i have full confidence in him and would recommend him to anyone .
1	i forgot to review my stop at zen .
1	the service was good , the value was excellent and i 'd definitely return .
1	i used the yelp 15 % coupon and it was even a better deal .
1	it 's a nice break from intense sports betting .
1	i have only ever gotten my card at 1 other place .
1	i would give this place more stars than 5 but that is the max .
1	great people helping everyone here .
1	dylan was my massage therapist and he did an amazing job !
1	he knew exactly where all the tension and knots were .
1	i never had a message therapist who is this spot on .
1	i felt so relaxed and lighter after my massage .
1	i definitely will be coming back !
1	the staff is wonderful , accommodating and super friendly .
1	and without jenn relph i would be completely lost .
1	she 's a true caregiver .
1	best doctor i 've had in all my years .
1	this place is very professional when it comes to nail and lashes .
1	make my life so much easier !
1	it really seems like you get rewarded for coming often here .
1	obviously none of this matters if the massage is n't good .
1	luckily it was great !
1	overall , i highly recommend elements for both price , quality , and atmosphere .
1	first time here , but not the first time with this type of message .
1	they had good pressure without being painful .
1	they made us feel very comfortable and friendly
1	in town for a conference and desperately needed a massage .
1	found this place on yelp and am so happy i came .
1	lily was my masseuse and she did an awesome job !
1	dr bond is an excellent doctor .
1	i highly recommend dr bond .
1	great selection of pure advanced pharmaceuticals !
1	always helpful and professional staff !
1	the staff is the best at this location ! !
1	they are always smiling fans happy ! !
1	i love this place !
1	had my first prenatal chiropractic appointment with dr gesicki today .
1	can not recommend her highly enough !
1	i will definitely be back !
1	hanger is wonderful ! !
1	mark and stephanie are the nicest people we have ever met .
1	they are very friendly and pay attention to detail .
1	mark is very smart and understands the needs of his patients .
1	we have taken both out kids to see mark and recommend him to anyone .
1	the staff there are overworked and just not the coolest .
1	many times they are short people .
1	same goes for 5 north .
1	oncology use to be 4 central but they moved to 5 south this year .
1	i love those nurses as i had spent probably 7-9 months with them .
1	gay , edna , jannine are great charge nurses as well .
1	there 's like new rules going on every week .
1	the x-ray , mri guys are great , say hi to jen in ultrasound !
1	leslie and truman are cool too .
1	he 's always telling me to stay out of the hospital .
1	jeffrey 's really nice too , along with josh and mike .
1	the soonest i 've ever gotten a room was probably 4 hours .
1	so just be aware that you could be waiting a while .
1	oh the lab people are awesome , i almost forgot them .
1	they are always patient and gentle with me , which i appreciate .
1	i always see them when i go to the er .
1	and lastly the amenities carts .
1	there 's two carts that volunteers will bring by .
1	one cart is just newspapers and magazines .
1	the other cart is the one you want !
1	they are expanding so there 's been a ton of noise in certain areas .
1	they are also close to where i live so that 's always a bonus .
1	such a relaxing , calm place with delicious , healthy food .
1	the people who work there are friendly , too .
1	you do n't need to be a vegan or vegetarian to enjoy it .
1	i loved the quinoa bowls and also the mango mung bean sandwich .
1	the staff were all very pleasant and helpful .
1	they listened to my concerns and we 're respectful throughout the whole process .
1	the pa i saw was fantastic ... knowledgeable and thorough .
1	will definitely come back if the need arises !
1	this place should be a model of how to do it .
1	my tooth was in so much discomfort and pain .
1	dr brown was very delightful and professional .
1	i was extremely impressed by her knowledge .
1	she was comforting , caring , honest and candid with me .
1	she listened to all my concerns then proceeded to properly fill my troubled tooth .
1	the best one in charlotte !
1	i love the workers here .
1	they recognize u when u are a regular and make u feel at home .
1	not to mention the great prices and high quality food .
1	trader joes over whole foods any day
