it 's not work !
did not work with the original unit
whether wireless or wired it sounds as though you are in a tin can .
use as emergency back up only .
i ca n't believe how zildjian made this terrible product .
go with the groove juice , 100 times better .
i threw away this thing to the garbagge .
plus 2 days later it has a strange color .
i have also noticed that the sound is not the same .
i would n't use it on my cymbals though .
now i ca n't even remember which brand my cymbals are .
they perform a lot better than this at half the cost .
what i learned is that it works ok if you have smooth cymbals .
i however , have multiple cymbals some of which are of the hammered family .
the bells look ok but the rest of the cymbals turned out horrible .
worked like a charm .
sauce is too thick !
going back to kitchen friendly bar keepers friend
... .in volatile fumes .
that 's the only way that so many positive reviews have been written .
know what worked better ?
pinch of salt in vinegar mixed with flour .
sorry to contradict so many others ... just reporting what i experienced .
brasso polish works way better than this product .
i used an old socks and bam !
looks like a brand new finish .
either i did it wrong or this sucks .
made my cymbals look horrible ! !
a sony speaker that i bought at a goodwill for 2.00 was much better .
i purchased these speakers based on the reviews i read .
my experience was much different than those of the other reviewers .
specifically the indoor/outdoor equalizer switch labeling , location , and operation were much different .
the audio was neither clear nor loud .
the polk speakers performed much better in the same circumstances/settings .
the difference was dramatic .
the mounting decorator screws were missing from the box !
i could n't mount the speakers to the wall .
it took 2 weeks for their parts dept .
in new york to send them to me .
they also did not send the correct matching color .
they only had light beige decorator screws in stock and not white .
very poor quality control .
the speakers broke loose from the frame and tore the wireing out .
the flimsy cardboard packing was a shambles .
the only saving grace was the cost of the speakers .
that was low enough that i decided not even bother .
i would never do business with this company .
one was so bad the speaker was hanging out of the housing .
they turned out to be a complete waist of my time .
but they do sound good .
i ordered 2 of these , both came to be broken .
i received my order and it was broken what now ? !
i want my money back ! !
ca n't listen to a broken speaker obviously : -/
again online shopping is not looking good for me ... ... ... .
i ordered two of these speakers and both arrived broken .
not happy with this product !
i do not recommend !
not worth the money !
i am about to replace these with better speakers .
the 1/4 inch jacks stopped working .
one of the speaker had it crack it in
i 've ordered 2 of these , at different times .
they did n't bother with 2 cent metal clips to prevent that .
that is n't poor quality control , that 's *no* quality control .
the speaker arrived broken beyond repair .
i do n't like leaving bad reviews normally .
i had to spend a lot more to get one in time .
well i actually picked these up for my sons jeep wrangler .
bought 4 of them , all four were defective and did not work !
pyle is definately a company to steer clear of !
bought these to replace blown tweeters .
well if you have them on their own amp then they may work .
do n't bother with the 30 ohm .
the volume coming from these is not there .
so save your money and look else where .
all of them eventually degraded and were completely nonfunctional .
even some i never used and just kept in the box .
i took them apart to see what happened .
basically the material they 're made from just is n't top quality/built to last .
very low quality , low output sounds terrible .
the piezo element inside was cheap and of low quality .
just purchased and speakers are already malfunctioning
the other remaining unit has some serious , basic issues .
they spared no cost-cutting trick to manufacture these marvels of the low-fi industry .
i would rate 0 stars but it wo n't let me ! ! ! !
i must be missing something .
i hooked this up to my sub woofer out on my amp and nothing .
waste of money and they make you pay to send them back .
i disassemble to find the jack was broken .
it now works fine .
but my expectation is that these units would be inspected and tested .
obviously , it was not .
the 1/4 in was bad and intermittent .
did not feel secure when plugged in .
before i try using again .
the first speaker we received produced extremely faint to no sound .
a replacement was received that did not work either .
thanks to amazon for great replacement guarantee .
i found a .5 '' x .
speakers have no bass and immediately into distortion when turn loud .
not build for dj nor live stage concerts .
lasted about 3 months .
powerful woofer , weak horn .
boomy sound for voice .
i drive them through a 100w behringer power amp .
i really regretted buying it , its quality is too low for my liking .
guess it 's true what they say , you get what you pay for .
do n't waste your money .
power handling claims are a flat out lie .
received this mic sytem on july 1st for my church .
and i must say they worked awesome .
until mid august when the receiver box went out .
they hav a one year warranty .
i called company they said to ship to them to have them checked .
so i shipped them back to them a week later .
oh shipping cost me $ 34 .
thats $ 79 i only paid $ 98 for system .
so they received the system as per ups tracking .
well a week later tried calling company for an update .
voice mail is full .
i have to check to see if money order was cashed next .
i would buy pyle pro brand no more .
i learned my lesson .
maybe someone has had good luck with the company .
i cant find anything on that .
so wish me luck .
i will continue to try and call them .
oh and they are open only mon-thurs 9am-5pm eastern time .
the four `` included '' connection wires were all missing completely .
these mics really require you to hold them very close to your mouth .
they work ok overall .
it was delivered and it never worked from the start .
i returned it to amazon and will be refunded .
i connected my old nady mics and oh , what a difference .
i do not recommend buying these .
so i decided to go for this set of 4 mics .
the range , at least in my house , is excellent .
i do n't like the volume knobs in the front of the receiver .
they do n't seem to go with the level indicator lights .
i 've purchased many of those for other people and they are very realiable .
tried these microphones on 4 separate occasions before i returned them .
they cut out intermittently due to a bad connection for the batteries .
the mics started off great , but one stopped working in the middle .
i had to return the set .
i though this would work .
i am strongly not recomment this to a friend .
by the way does any of you know how can i contact them ?
i would not recommend this system .
i purchased for my singing group .
the mics had no range and poor sound .
i am extremely disappointed .
i purchased this item and it worked well for the first few weeks .
then i decided to use for a major event .
my sound technician told me it seems to be a problem with the receiver .
it really messed up my event as i had no mikes .
i brought these mics for a church .
out of the box one of the antenna broke .
altogether the sound comes and goes although i have fresh batteries in the mics .
which feel like toys .
they have no weight to them even with the batteries in them .
you get what you pay for ... a headache .
received the mics a few days ago .
poor sound , poor quality all the way around .
would not trust them to work at all out at a gig .
will be checking into returning the mics for a refund in possible .
not very good sound , uses batteries very fast
they work , but not really well .
bought these because i needed more mics than i had for an upcoming gig .
failed out of the box .
receiver just put out a low pitched hum on all channels .
also another reminder of why its smarter to buy multiple single mic systems .
that way when one receiver does n't work your only down one mic .
with a system like this your down 4 mics if the receiver has problems .
we have used it twice .
really feel shafted in this deal .
money wasted when used twice .
the microphone ( s ) worked just fine when using just one .
when i tried using the other 3 they did not work .
i even sent an e-mail with their name on it .
i will never buy from this company or brand again .
i repeat i will never buy this brand again .
three of the micro phones worked immediately .
three months later nothing worked .
tried to contact manufacturer and recieved no call return .
chalked it up to a lesson learned .
quit buying electronics online .
number 4 volume controller give a lot of problem and also one receiver/antenna came broken
no obstructions were in the way either time .
now only one is working .
believe me when i say that it 's bad enough to avoid .
it 's so dull it wo n't cut through the head of the drum .
did n't meet my needs .
it did n't fit my guitar screw whatever you call it .
only used it to cut string excess .
i got this mainly to remove bridge pins from acoustic guitars .
hard to get any leverage with it , as it bent several times .
the string cutter was worthless .
sent it back the day i got it .
after 30 minutes of trying it out , another string broke .
violins are the most beutiful interesting instruments .
they come in all shapes , sizes , colors , and price tags .
this violin i bought when i first started out .
the violin does have a major fault in that the action .
this violin has flat and high action , making it extremely hard to play .
i had to figure that out for myself .
but the basic installation was easy .
also , i was a little upset with the general look of the violin .
also the neck of the violin is not stained .
this is very cheaply made , and not up to standards .
thus my 2 stars .
it 's a great violin !
my husband plays the guitar and we 're already playing music together !
i 've learned my lesson .
the chin rest was cracked in half .
i was very unsatisfied with the quality of this product .
you can definitely tell that it is a very inexpensive product .
it felt like a piece of cardboard with some cheap strings on it .
you get what you pay for .
i was very excited to buy this violin .
i have given that violin to repair at a local store .
i am paying three times more i saved by purchasing online .
who threads a soft plastic cord ?
anyhow , the nuts kept slipping , as did the plastic pegs .
prepare for a fight when this thing gets unwrapped .
the varnish is high gloss and has drip marks on it .
the paint on the scroll at the bottom of the tuners very messy .
there are also white spots where varnish is missing .
look closer and you see some serious issues .
another sad fact is the quality of the components .
the pegs do slip , much more than they should .
it was broken , strings undone , rosin was just dust .
i tried to fix it and figured it just was n't worth it .
it is very cheaply made .
you 'd be better off buying a plastic pretend violin .
there was nothing redeemable about this toy violin .
in essence , it is a toy .
it took many e-mails and several weeks before i had the correct size violin .
i was also mis-informed about the shipping date .
i will not use this company again .
i wanted to give a gift to my neighbour for a special day .
so i very much dissopointed .
looks nothing like photo !
the case is also very flimsy , not much protection offered at all .
and ok yea , as other stated , the rosin was a joke .
antonio stradivari would have called this `` kindling '' .
recommendation is to reconsider .
go with quality at the outset , no matter the level of the player .
this is my first time writing a review .
however i felt the need to help someone else .
i was totally disappointed with this product .
very discouraging , and destroyed my enthusiasm to play !
this is a student violin .
it 's very cheap and you should n't expect anything fancy .
that being said , i have a few things to address here .
the good : this violin is exactly what i needed as a beginner .
i 'm not worried about great tone and expression right now .
but shop around first .
this tells me that everything included is of a higher quality than this one .
the bad : unfortunately , the bad outweighs the good here .
as stated above , i wish i had bought a different beginner set .
the reason is that this one is simply too cheap .
well , let me tell you something .
i spent literally over a week trying to get this bow to work .
the rosin that comes with it is cheap and brittle .
but after replacing the bow and the rosin , i 've gained some perspective .
the problem with this set is the bow itself .
then i had to repeat this process all the way down the bow .
i almost got half of the bow to work , then gave up .
it was a massive annoyance .
but only after spending an extra 60 or so dollars .
also , for some reason , violinsmart accidentally sent me 2 violins .
well , now i know those people are telling the truth .
fortunately , i was able to open the other one and just keep that .
i thought i was going crazy .
then i got a real bow and the sound jumps out of this thing .
that 's almost enough not to buy it in the first place .
i do n't like this violin .
first of all the string popped and went into my skin .
and it 's really light .
i thought it would be better .
well you get what you pay for .
ok violin but strings in needed to be adjusted - not spaced correctly .
bow a terrible disappointment , horse hairs fell apart straight away .
i thought to myself '' '' no worries '' '' and kept moving on .
when i tried finding my mute that i ordered .
it was n't even their .
worst crap i ever spent .
first the good ... the case is really nice .
its probably what your paying for .
it has two shoulder straps to go along with it .
great for the price ... the not so good .
.. the bow for starters is kinda crappy .
not great considering it wants to bounce when u play .
the varnish has runs in it .
big runs that are pretty ugly .
big gouges and some saw marks still visible .
the body has nicks and gouges in it that they just finished right over .
little high on the action but i can fix that .
whatever ... it got me playing again for cheap .
if that 's what your after then buy it .
the repairs on this instrument will outweigh the cost .
the total repair expenses will come out to be over $ 50- $ 100 .
this is not a 4/4 full size violin .
it is a 3/4 violin ... this is considered an error or false advertisement .
cheapest instrument i have ever used .
it 's a piece of crap .
the rosin the give you sucks , and pegs are plastic and cheesy .
do not buy ! !
do n't buy this it is a waste of world resources !
defective construction - the fingerboard is attached to the violin proper .
ca n't play the strings properly and the sound is terrible .
i would like a replacement .
so i would n't recommend this violin to anyone .
well happy shopping to yall .
do n't buy it , you 'll end up spending more money fixing it
very disappointed in this product !
going cheap was a mistake .
the bow hairs were frazzled and appeared worn .
the bridge did not even have the string slits precut !
the rosin was a waste of manufacturing .
it really should be marketed as a toy violin .
and the price was just too tempting .
you live and you learn ...
the instrument fell apart in less than 4 months .
it 's a pretty good violin for the price .
keep looking and field all reviews .
sadly , it was not great .
the bridge does not have the ridges .
maybe that is way i ca n't tune the violin correctly .
the tuning pegs keep moving as well .
they wo n't stay put when i ajust then a lil .
this does not meet expectations & i wish to return it- there is no paperwork
i actually need to return it .
waste of my time and money .
you should inform a customer of the grade of violin .
my daughter had no instrument for the first few weeks of school .
the chin rest was broken when we opened the case .
it was n't an expensive item so it did n't bother returning it .
the bridge has no ridges for the strings very poor quality even for 40 bucks
trash- you get what you pay for ...
the bow does n't work at all .
could n't even rosin it .
purchased a violin via amazon from austin bazaar , what a rip off !
looking forward to my cc statement !
violin is not what they say it is .
a bestler at it 's best !
im just annoyed with it , maybe it was just mine but ... rawr .
i recieved my violin today for my daughter .
i read the reviews on this product and i was really in the middle .
i think that is why it showed up broken .
i am trying to return the product now .
yes , this is a bargain ! !
also they did n't even include instructions on how to set up the bridge .
if i had n't known how i would have been very frustrated .
i was really unsatisfied with this product , even as a beginning violinist .
transaction was very smooth and received my violin well before expected date .
the bow is not the one pictured .
the chin rest is even different than the one pictured .
i purchased a student violin last year for about $ 20 .
i bought this product thinking it would be a good beginners violin for myself .
the color you see in the picture is not correct .
it 's more of a [ really shiny ] blueish-green .
it 's not a pretty color .
plus , it was n't painted very well .
there are paint dots where a clump has dried , on the front !
the strings where tangled up .
took me forever to fix it .
the strings were not placed in the correct order to begin with .
i could n't get one of the pegs to stay in its place .
unreachable by the violin entirely .
the bow is pretty durable .
also , the wood is nice .
so i guess i got what i paid for .
just received in mail today .
rosin was in three pieces and one of the strings was broke .
contacting customer service now for a refund ...
her professional opinion is that i need to return it .
the pegs on the violin will not stay in position to tune it .
we tried peg dope and even new strings to keep it in tune .
however , with it being unable to be tuned , it is useless .
at first the violin was great ( 15 first minutes ) .
not only that the violin had so much varnish the sound was muffled .
i honestly regret buying it .
i really thought i was getting a great deal .
i have n't played in a few years and wanted to relearn .
the day i got the violin the g string broke trying to tune it .
after replacing it i could n't get it to tune .
i tried for hours .
the second g string broke .
i already had tried that and the extra string broke .
the case was the best feature in this sale .
these instruments are not worth anything .
the key to a decent student instrument is quality set up .
do n't waste your money .
they deserve zero stars !
i do n't like the fact that i was played !
i thought nothing of it and proceeded to fix the violin .
i got out the bridge and it was just awful ... really ?
a white bridge with a nice glossy black violin ?
and the g-string just popped right off the tuning peg itself .
i checked the rosin and found it in 3 shattered pieces .
the product advertisers as a `` student '' violin , it is a toy .
it is completely incapable of staying tuned .
this is strictly a novelty item & not for someone serious about learning .
apparently the violin teacher said the instrument sounds wrong .
well since you e-mailed me looking for a review here goes .
junk , garbage , but i guess you get what you pay for
when my daughter opened hers we saw that it was broken .
it was not a shipping problem either .
it should have been inspected before shipped .
my 10 year daughter spent christmas watching her friend play with hers .
a million thumbs down if i had that many ! !
horrible horrible customer service .
i would give 0 stars if that was an option .
i received my violin on time and was excited to begin taking lessons .
i wanted to scream that out but no .
first the scroll was cracking off the finger board .
i tested it my self and played it it sucked monyey nuts !
the strings broke almost immediately and the bow had a bunch of threads hanging .
this is a toy .
it is not fitting properly and will never play right .
this instrument is cool .
hang it on the wall .
that is all it is good for .
i teaching beginning strings and have had this instrument come into my classes .
do not waste your money .
your child is worth more than this !
the violin was really poor quality .
i would not recommend this product .
the strings on the violin will not stay tight .
my daughter and i were very disappointed on christmas morning .
it wo n't stay tuned .
worst $ 42 spent .
ordered this a couple weeks ago and am very unhappy with it .
instead , spend a little more to get something that will be worth it .
also came with a cheap but decent rosin .
the case was surprisingly not bad considering the quality of everything else .
this violin was black too , but , had white striping details .
contacted seller a week ago and have not herd back sense .
you might not want to chance buying anything from this seller .
the only reason for one star is because they replaced the first violin .
the violin is low quality and will not tune in properly .
this purchase was basically a waste of money .
i do not recommend this seller at all .
for a beginner , it 's fine .
the students become frustrated because of their poorly constructed instrument .
please do n't get any of these instruments !
they are horrible ! ! ! ! !
i had to give a star rating ... wanted to give zero stars .
this violin is advertised for beginners but not even a beginner could use this .
to start things off , the violin ca n't stay in tune .
once tuned it quickly goes out of tune in less than a few minutes .
the violin on the other hand is okai .
i did not receive this one because it was ruined during transit .
the rosen was cracked and the timer was broken .
tuner doesnt even work and the bow was n't black .
also its so glossy and polished , its hard to use my sholder rest .
first , i had a very bad experience using amazon for the first time .
the new violin has given me more problems than anticipated .
i will be sending this instrument back asap
i 've gotten free bridges of much higher quality .
i wo n't even get into the physical defects or other issues .
my point is that , true , you get what you pay for .
if you 're this cheap/poor , at least get a cecilio or medini .
you 'll spend less in corrective `` upgrades '' to make them usable .
i 've never seen anything like it .
first violin i 've had that actually makes people laugh out loud .
this is the biggest turd i 've ever seen .
you should get a different violin .
this was very cheap , so i did n't expect much anyway .
the bow is messed up , so it can barely be played .
definitely not worth the 50 dollars i paid .
the bridge should have notches for the strings on it .
the buyer of this violin should't have to carve out the knoches themselfs .
this violin is made of plastic .
i am very disappointed in this .
no , because could not play with it , no sounds .
3. not from social daily deals ( z ) , only from amazon company .
thanks for asking , happy new years to all .
bridge kept popping out and violin came all scuffed up .
you guessed it ... horrible ! ! !
just not what i expected .
it 's no great violin .
the tuner is worthless .
the keys are always loose and it always sounds scratchy .
worth the 50 bucks though
there 's no use if i ca n't even complete one sheet of music .
i did not get a brigde or any strings when the violin came in .
i would love to get a refund
ordered it for my son as he wanted to learn how to play .
we could not get it to tune at all .
the pegs continually slipped .
contacted the company about sending it back and they gave us suggestions to try .
tried them and no luck at all .
why not just do that to begin with ?
worst thing i have ever ordered from amazon or any other website .
the seller admitted to using chalk to aid the pegs .
the hair on the bow was wide and stringing all over the place .
it 's supposed to be thick and organized in place .
the pegs are made of cheap plastic and not ebonite and were damaged .
so , it is impossible to tune this violin .
ebonite is a durable plastic as good as wood or better .
horrifically bad quality item .
currently working out a claim with amazon as the seller is not responding .
i am very disappointed in the quality of this .
the strings do n't stay on and the pegs keep slipping .
already had to have it repaired .
not what i expect from a new instrument .
you have to install the bridge .
taking it to a professional is a hassle .
i got it for my 4 yr old as her santa gift .
it says it is purple which is her fav color .
turns out to be very royal blue .
we have yet to be able to play it .
strings are loose and wo n't tighten .
product was presented as a working violin .
strings would n't stay tight .
could n't play at all .
very disappointed in this purchase .
all i can say is you get what you pay for .
i was a little bit naive about violins and their prices .
i basically wasted time , and money .
much brighter color purple.. not what i wanted !
horse hair on bow was all frayed and falling out .
rosen was broken and in pieces all over the place .
you get what you pay for .
do n't purchase this unless you want to be very disappointed .
it has n't even been played yet .
complete waste of money .
string on a separate chord broke .
this does not come with an extra set of strings .
received this for xmas .
was never able to get the strings to stay near in tune .
be prepared to replace the strings .
the bow did not even work .
the bow had to be sent back !
and , the bridge is too high .
just be ready to have a new bridge made .
other than that , the violin itself has a decent sound .
i was mostly disappointed in the bow not even working , though .
i am having someone repair it next week .
definitely would not recommend .
the wood is not very durable .
now i need wood glue to fix it .
and also , you would have to assemble it yourself .
i have to send it back ... does n't work at all .
my daughter was so sad .
i would buy this product !
this does not work .
its a child 's toy and nothing more
so basically a beginner/starter student violin was what i was searching for .
i was n't expecting professional but at least playable .
also a lot of the hair on the bow were detached .
i had to make repairs as soon as it got here .
after $ 10 in repairs and new nylon strings it sounds decent .
would n't buy it again .
this is not a quality product please shopper beware .
this is not a real violin .
i was so excited for this violin .
as a beginner myself , the price was affordable and reasonable .
on arrival , the package was damaged on one side .
it literally was all over the place , with some strands falling out .
i decided to keep inspecting further , still .
the rosin was destroyed and powdery .
trying to tune the strings is actually impossible .
i was very dissatisfied and do not recommend .
looks great , but is very cheaply made .
have to tighten it up every few minutes .
sound `` quality ' sucks .
the pegs also slip and that causes the string not to stay in position
would n't recomend to anyone
arrived broken and could not even tighten strings .
should have know , pay for what you get .
cheaply made , the bridge snapped after trying to tighten the string .
in the words of luke skywalker , `` what a hunk of junk . ''
i did n't get any batteries with my tuner .
it shipped very quickly , but it 's just junk .
occasionally i have new students using these instruments and they are terrible .
crescent uses to soft of wood for their instruments and the pegs often break .
it 's a cheap violin , plain and simple .
it is definately not made from quality wood .
do not purchase this violin .
first of all , you should never buy an instrument without playing it first .
i have to immediately tell them to return it .
it was broke when i got it
it 's pretty but that 's all .
i was really excited to get this and start lessons but i feel misled .
the wood that this is made of is not good quality to be playable .
the strings and pegs are n't good and even the rosin is cracked .
in the end this was n't worth it .
arrived with a broken string .
grand-daughter ca n't play it .
strings would not stay tightened at all .
as soon as you go to play , they loosened up
and they would n't refund my money .
it does n't work .
i will be returning it
the violin does n't make a sound with the bow it came with .
you can pluck it to make sound , but that is it .
the instructor said the violin was cheap .
off beat and more .
could n't use it we had to purchase another one
wo n't stay in tune .
but can be a good cheap starter violin
must have been damaged in tranport .
but it is beautiful !
must have been damaged in transportation !
but it is beautiful !
this instrument has not even been played since we got it .
the bow was broken upon arrival , and several other problems .
it was a total waste of $ 30
not pleased at all ! ! !
i did n't get the blue one .
i got regular wood color .
spend 400 $ and play a violin not a you
ordered in white , but came in black .
very disappointing , as white was what was wanted , and what was advertised .
my son never got to play because it could n't be tuned .
it was sent out for repairs and nothing can be done .
i am stuck with garbage that can not be used ...
please do not buy this .
i am a 30 year veteran teacher with a successful program .
at a very minimum , this will not stay in tune .
cheap i can handle , but this is below cheap .
the d string is the worst .
it wo n't stay put and unwinds .
the other strings stay in tune for maybe a minute before coming loose .
i ca n't even in good conscience sell this for $ 30 .
this product is a piece of crap .
what you see in the picture is the illusion of a bargain .
this was literally unplayable .
it is a little smaller than i thought but i guessed its good for learning
this has not held up very well .
it 's falling apart and has been repaired a couple of times .
we were told to pitch it , it 's time for a new one .
super cheap broke when strung
it doesnt even produce a single note .
this is not a music instrument its a piece of decoration .
i looked through the whole case and did n't find the bridge anywhere .
paint on a string instrument will make horrible sound .
could n't tighten the strings so we returned it .
may have just been a dud .
when i got this the sound post had fallen
bought this violin a week ago .
the sound is horrible and the tailpiece broke off after the first week .
needless to say it is now trash !
do not buy this piece of junk !
this was the worst thing i ever bought on here .
it was n't at all what the picture shows .
this is what i get for buying cheap things .
not even good for beginners .
the violin i received is unable to be played .
the bow is awful and this was a complete waste of money .
it included strings , a tuner , and rosin .
there was not owner 's manual which is needed for beginners .
they pull back out of the wood and lose the tune of the string .
buy from a music store .
do not order these .
they also have no name stamped on them telling who made them .
the only thing good about this is how quickly it arrived .
oh well , i guess you get what you pay for .
do not buy this for anyone .
although it is pretty , it has no other redeemiing qualities .
bow : some hairs were already broken when we received this .
electronic tuner : not accurate .
peg : sliding , no peg anti-slip fluid or chalk included .
that 's twice what i paid for it .
the violin is nice for a starter kit .
shipping was fast but it did n't come with the rosin or bow string .
bow not in good condition and need to fix
arrived broken , but on time .
it came cracked , does n't sound at all
this was a total disappointment .
we set it up but absolutely no sound .
nothing , nada ! ! ! !
however , i do believe it could be used for firewood .
the bow , bridge , and the strings/pegs were really poor quality .
it broke once l got it !
very disappointed , but you get what you pay for , i guess .
well , i was wrong .
this violin is made with very cheap materials .
when you hold it it feels like it may break in your hand .
the tuners are a cheap plastic and cant hold a tune .
the strings snap easy , very very easy .
the strings snapped as soon as she started to tune it .
i managed to get only the g string in tune .
just the occasional screech .
do n't waste your money .
take the plunge and go to a music shop and buy a real instrument .
great for at home use .
if placing in school for this do not use .
the bridge break easy and the string are poorly lined
do not buy cheap instruments .
it looks nice from afar though
it 's okay but it did n't come with the cd 's .
we have and teacher so she can figure it out .
im really frustrated with this .
i went through the whole pack of strings that came with the violin .
could 've been more careful ... the rosin that included was completely in pieces .
but the rest was ok
could not get this thing set up to even tune .
the bridge is very poor .
the case was nice .
violin received with broken string and bow .
did not work at all .
not even a `` good '' toy strings will not stay tightened/in place..returned
resin was melted and stuck to the inside of the case .
tuner was not the model pictured .
do not buy ! !
it 's so cheaply-made that it 's not even playable .
the strings were horrendous quality , as was the bow .
the g string wo n't even stay tuned .
not a single note was able to be played on this .
stay as far away from this 'violin ' as possible ! !
it arrived and the black finish was completely scratched up !
it was unfinished in places .
the fingerboard is some unknown painted wood .
i guess they expect you 'll always use inferior strings on this thing !
within hours i had the whole thing repacked and ready to return !
does not stay in tune at all ! ! ! !
does not work at all !
please keep your money not even good for a beginner .
it 's a toy .
not good quality at all
this is n't worth the trouble it puts you through .
this cost me an entire paycheck and all it does is frustrate me .
especially how its my very first violin .
ill post a picture if i could .
not s good sound but hey its for starters
its horrible and they cut corners .
i want to return it
i had to send it back .
the second one arrived with faulty tuning pegs .
it will not let us properly tune her violin .
was for my 12 yo to see if she was going to like it .
two strings broke off the get go .
the tensioners for the strings would not stay snug kept backing off .
rosin was like a brick and overall design is super cheap .
spent a little extra and get something a little better even for a starter .
i 'm a strings teacher who works with violins for a living .
these are cr @ p. do not buy this .
the only thing worse than this violin is its bow .
whatever you do though , do not buy this .
the item was not `` set up '' .
strings were loose- hair on the bow was coming out .
the chin rest was loose and the strings were plastic .
really really poor quality .
am i missing something ?
do n't buy this violin ca n't hold a tune to save its life
this violin is garbage .
do n't buy this product .
the g string was broken and the back up string is missing .
the violin did not come with a bridge .
this violin is not a used one as i ordered .
it is a sabotaged new violin .
very cheap , you get what you pay for .
i would rather spend more and get a lasting product .
the case and tuner are ok but the violin in so cheap its unplayable
it came in the mail already needing repaired .
i bought it last month .
looks , i am fighting to keep it in tune .
bow does n't work , make lot of noise .
i feel now that i wasted money
the pegs are all very loose and wo n't tighten .
the violin i bought does n't work .
they sent a guitar 6 strings small size not violin .
and when i just slightly tune in e string , the string broke .
the tuner and strings mssing from package when receivef
now i have to go out of town to purchase that .
the bow did not work at all !
had to replace it .
it felt very echo-ey .
the bow was n't the best either , the bow felt like cardboard also .
it doesnt come with a shoulder rest
string was broken when i got it .
and the other strings you could not tune the violin
i would give it one star but the violin itself is beautiful .
do not get this violin if you are thinking about actually learning violin .
mine did n't even come with the tuner .
the bridge was not even the right bridge for it .
the bow itself was bent .
like they say you get what you pay for .
saves you the hassle and the money .
lesson learned read the comments before buying .
horsehair too lose , wouldnt produce sound
it was missing items .
i only received the violin not any other accessory .
the strings were too short .
giving it one star .
not worth the money .
bought this as a starter violin for my niece .
and i specifically paid extra for the pink one .
also , i expected the violin to be heavier .
i thought it was too light ! !
the case was excellent !
you got what you paid , i over expected too much , no surprise .
the bow is missing as well as the extra strings .
and the back of the neck is not painted .
not worth buying at all .
the tuners are absolutely useless .
they do not work .
broken an missing everything else
there was no bridge .
the bow broke as soon as i tried to adjust the tightness .
nothing about the product was usable .
let me get this out of the way -- i know nothing about instruments .
it goes to show as i bought this off of amazon .
so we took it took a local violin shop in pasadena .
so we left the music store with nothing to show for it .
do what i did n't -- save your money up .
do n't waste your money like i did .
i was very disappointed in this violin .
do not buy this violin unless you only want it for decoration .
i would like to know how this happened .
so disappointed we were looking forward to a full size volin .
three days later we received a second volin .
this one was together and everything worked .
as a veteran public school orchestra director , please head my advice .
i see these unfortunate instruments brought in all the time to my classes .
these instruments are horrid .
i liken the tone quality to that of a cardboard tissue box .
the tension from the strings often pulls the button out from the bottom .
please do not be swayed by the low cost and colorful paints .
the strings were poorly attached .
bridge not set , up no instructions string not attached , and not completely painted
this violin has not worked out for my daughter .
my son is literally sitting on the couch crying this violin is so bad .
he saved his money to buy this piece of crap .
i can not believe how horrible this is !
you get what you pay for and this truly reinforces that sentiment .
recommend to look elsewhere .
the package is missing a bridge and also missing a rosin .
it was awful does not work at all .
it always too tight or too loose never fit in the right way .
e-tuner did not work .
first let me say that i am not a musician .
not even worth a star.delivered with broken string in a dirty box .
there was no tuner or other spare strings .
well , all i can say is , this product is a complete joke .
do n't waste your money buying it .
this violin is very poor quality and you really get what you pay for .
the one that arrived for me is n't even playable !
i bought this for a christmas gift for my autistic adult son .
however , when i opened it i got a big shock .
i am very disappointed .
plus , he ca n't play it with no sound coming out .
i am returning this item .
no matter what we did it sounded awful .
it had to be tuned constantly .
we also noticed the craftsmanship was horrible .
they paint actually left wet spots that dried wrong .
in addition the pain ran leaving little streaks and running bumps when it dried .
not all of the surface was smooth , which was very noticeable .
to be honest i would n't use it as toy either .
not a prop or even a display item .
it would not even make good fire wood .
should have known better-cheap cheap cheap .
bought it for a middle schooler who has been playing for 3 years .
she could n't tune it and her teacher could n't either .
this was basically a toy .
no sound comes out .
its more of a wall piece then an instrument .
will return asap ! ! ! !
2-stars only for the look of it .
this item was poorly made .
i want this item replaced so my niece can begin her lessons .
i knew it was n't a real violin , but geesh this is terrible .
she was disappointed and so was i .
the product received , late and wrong color , is actually fine .
this only came with the instrument itself , the resin and the bow .
the sound quality was n't that great either .
it 's a beautiful violin .
however , the bow , rosin , and case are all terrible .
the case is covered in , mildew spots also .
all the trouble has deflated my enthusiasm somewhat .
you get what you pay for i guess .
as it is , i 'm looking into that now .
it 's quite frustrating .
but it is a 'll quite a let down .
would n't hold the tune .
spent most of our time re-tuning it .
i got a violin , rosin , and bow inside of a case..
came with a broken string
string broken immediately , unable to get in right tune !
cheap materials and poorly assembled .
you get what you pay for but not even worth the time .
we ended up return it .
this looks like a violin , but that is where it ends .
the pegs are not fitted properly making it very hard to tune .
the tailpiece is made from what seems to be metal , very wierd .
oddly the highest quality item is the case , but not by much .
i have several years of experience and i have a hard time playing it .
not the string it came with either .
totally fell apart in 23.28 seconds
took forever to receive .
bent strings and not useable upon delivery .
will not stay tuned .
bought this for my 8 yr old son to start learning violin .
now we have to spend more on a violin that wo n't fall appart .
save yourself the $ and get something better than this !
still whaiting for it hope it gets here before easter it is a gift .
my violin is tuned and set up correctly .
the bridge is in the correct position even though the violin was shipped dismantled .
i rosined the bow with nice rosin i also bought on amazon .
i think the bow is defective .
basically an over priced `` toy '' .
do n't waste your money .
waste of money so far
no instructions were sent .
it 's just been sitting in my room , waste of money .
pay a little more for a better starter violin .
violin shaped object.. thats what grade school music teachers call it .
will not allow in a class or a learning type environment .
do not buy swap meet quality violins .
toys you will get what you paid for when buying this .
good luck getting refund fron crescent..look at reviews on ebay too .
horrible product i wouldnt buy this item .
my son was very disappointed .
do n't waste your money received violin missing bridge and can not adjust .
you will be doing your child and his or her teacher a huge disservice .
i would give this product ( and seller ) 0 stars if i could .
i bought this last christmas as a starter violin for my child .
its a toy at best , and not playable at all .
we also paid a lot extra for expedited shipping and shipping was not expedited .
if you want a playable instrument do n't buy this .
save your time and do not purchase this !
i was so excited when this came .
this is cheap plastic .
the pictures make it look fantastic but in reality , it 's pitiful .
this thing never made a sound , guys ! !
i will just spend the extra money to get a decent one .
do n't waste your money on this one .
also violin arrived with 2 1.5 inch scratches on side .
violin arrived not as pictured .
cheap low quality unplayable junk .
the case is moldy on the outside .
i 'm almost afraid to touch the violin as we are allergic to mold .
very cheaply made , sounds horrible .
missing a lot of stuff and barely put together .
more like a toy .
and it came with about 8 strands of the horse hair broken
its a piece of junk !
dont waste your money !
standard violin for beginners but the picture is misleading .
read the description and items included before you purchase .
expect to make the extra trip to the store
mine is a dcor item now .
can not hold a tune or even keep a string taught .
if i could give a worse rating i would .
didnt even make a sound .
the bow strings broke the first time we tried to use it .
the glue gave way .
then , while trying to break it in the bridge fell out .
we did n't find it until nearly a month ago .
it will cost us $ 70 to have a new bridge cut .
look elsewhere for your instrument .
the clip on tuner did not work either .
this product is absolute junk !
i guess you get what you pay for .
it was way to low .
cheap and hard to tune
not only did my violin have less than acceptable measurements ( i.e .
try to buy at a shop where you can inspect the damn thing !
the rosin that it comes with is also garbage .
i would have returned it if shipping was free .
wont tune & everything is loose .
spend the extra money if you want to actually play it .
the only thing i liked about this order was the case for the violin .
other than that , the violin was a bad quality .
i could not get a nice sound out of it .
i feel this violin would be best for toddlers learning to play .
it has a nice look to it but it 's also made of plastic .
i just wanted to try the violin to see if i liked it .
i did't want to get too expensive so i bought this one .
the biggest is not being able to tune it .
this is exactly what you 're paying for .
spend a little more to get something better .
good news is it does work , just sounds terribly .
basically everything in the product information is true .
but , pegs do have an excessive tendency to slip out of thir holes .
also , the curved side goes up .
yea right , not good insruction .
this gong looks great , but sounds terrible .
i can make the same sound using pans .
the item has good visual presence but the sound is annoying .
it is very tinny and cheap sounding .
i would not recommend purchasing unless you want it for decoration only .
it makes a sound ... that 's about it .
the noise that is produced is similar to a kitchen pot or skillet .
i 'm very disappointed with the purchase .
it does look nice but do n't expect an authentic gong sound .
this is tiny ! ! !
this was very cheaply made .
we left it with the nurses for other patients to use .
this is not a gong .
it is a cymbal .
i trusted the woodstock brand to have a good sound .
i guess that was a mistake .
i spent about 20 minutes playing with it and ultimately decided not to buy .
this item was exactly what i was hoping it would be .
otherwise , it worked great !
this polish has worked wonders on every cymbal i 've worked on .
just be careful not to take off your logos .
great product , left my cymbals with a brand-new shine .
i 'm part of the school of drummers that likes shiny cymbals .
unfortunately for me , this involves a lot of work .
fortunately for me the zildjian cymbal polish actually makes it much easier .
as long as you follow the directions you 're good to go .
this thing really works and really cleans your cymbals ! !
the problem is that it changes the color of your cymbals a little !
but over all it 's a good product !
good buy , well wrapped , on time and as needed .
even going lightly over the logos is risky .
it did the job and the black residue is gone from the polishing process .
a little goes a long way though !
keep your investment clean !
k 's a 's zbt 's whatever !
makes them all look great !
finish off with wd40 !
takes so elbow grease and time but results are incredible .
not too harsh on logos either .
works great on all my brilliant finish cymbals like my a customs .
use paper towels rather than a cloth towel .
cloth towels have a tendency to spread the black stuff around the cymbal .
with paper towels you just grab another clean one .
awsome on brilliant finish only ! ! ! !
excellent was able to clean a 50 year old zildjian cymbal
i 'm thoroughly impressed !
i have one picture that will show you juse how effective this is .
i do have a couple recommendations regarding the use of this polish .
worked great on my natural finish sabian cymbols .
i watched youtube videos on how to apply it and i got great results .
good polish removes stick strikes pretty well
it 's so shiny .
works like a charm .
best way to keep your cymbals clean .
works good with a $ 40 auto buffer that i purchased on amazon .
wow cleans cymbal very well
i cleaned my zildjian cymbals with this .
it did not discolor anything , it did not take away the traditional finish .
overall very pleased with it .
cleans the cymbal really well .
more product is needed to have a very clean shiny finish .
best used with a towel to rub off the tarnish in the cymbals .
to some magic powder and other fad items .
my cymbals look great .
far more important ... they sound brilliant .
you probably get used to it or think `` that 's normal . ''
well it 's not .
you bought the cymbals you have because you liked their sound .
so ... . duh ... keep em sounding that way .
my hints : wear latex/surgical-type gloves .
have lots of soft , clean , white rags around .
soft paper towels are ok too ( viva ) .
i do the whole side of a cymbal at once .
use newspaper for working surface .
start on the underside .
like putting on suntan lotion .
change the towel often .
you ca n't clean with a dirty towel .
the product probably says do a small area at a time .
the expanding concentric circles solve that problem .
this is hard work .
but the end result is wonderful .
i should 've waited because nothing else worked near as good as this did .
takes a lot of rags and elbow grease but made mine look like new .
it looks like hey faded a little though .
bought this after buying pre owned cymbals on craigslist .
not sure what they mean by `` brilliant finish '' , but i digress .
followed the process with all of my cymbals .
all the cymbals turned out great , especially the a custom china .
was like i was looking in a mirror .
10/10 would buy again in a heartbeat .
lots of elbow grease and lots of rags but it works .
bought this product for my son , a freshman in high school .
he was very pleased with the performance of this polish .
not too harsh , not too abrasive , but does the job .
note : i was not compensated in the anyway for this review .
this polish works wonders .
like the difference is incredible .
put on a small amount and spread it around .
any time the cloth gets black switch to a new part of the cloth .
way exceeded my expectations , thanks a lot zildjian !
easy to clean your zildjian cymbals .
drop a few drops around your cymbals , and wipe gently .
do n't need to work it in .
key is gentle motion .
made my zildjian hybrid shine like a new dime .
took off a star because i still have to do the work to shine em
best shine for the money
but this stuff works well .
worked very well on an old cymbal .
with a good amount of effort , this works well .
shined them up like a charm .
took the tarnish right off my banjo nickel plated parts .
no issues and fast shipping .
this is a good product .
works pretty good but did n't remove some of the tougher stains .
but i love my kit .
its good stuff , just watch the logos
polishes cymbals to look brand new !
i bought used hi hat pair on ebay ; the seller never cleaned them .
so , i got this and cleaned overall ... beautiful shine ! !
using this with my wuhan cymbals that i also purchased on amazon .
great product and works as advertised .
o yeah yust what i wass specting very brilliant and finish
excellent cleaner makes your cymbals look brand new .
i would recommend this to anybody that needs a cymbal polish
this worked just fine on traditional finish cymbals for me too .
just makes them a little more shiny ; )
this polish is really good , i have zht pros .
this is a very decent product and i would recommend it to anyone .
the product works very well .
the supplier sent the product very quickly and it arrived in good condition .
product works very well .
i have zildjian a customs and they look brand new .
i kept the polish about a 1/4 '' back from the markings .
to remove the residue rub away from the logo .
change the cloth often and you 'll be fine .
long story short my zbt 's were exposed to salt water from our aquarium .
overall a good product .
received these speakers on time and installed them the same day .
the sound flows nicely as i have other speakers throughout the house .
i would highly recommend these .
i tested them as main front speakers but did not handle bass well .
even certain tv shows with surround is great .
you can hardly beat the price as well .
unless you want to spend $ 1000 on a bose or something .
anyone with speaker wiring experience can easily do this .
they work so much better without the switch .
anyway its a great value and buy .
very well made - solid speaker housing , sturdy brackets .
installation very straight forward .
hooked up with 12 gauge cl2 wiring delivers impressive sound with decent low end .
feels deck and pool area with natural sound .
easy adjustment for targeting sound pattern .
great value i suspect will deliver great sound for many years .
good clear sounding speakers .
these speakers are well suited to my pool deck .
the pyle home pdwr53 would also work well indoors as surround-sound speakers .
very good response with the shipping .
i put the speakers in my garage .
they were easy to mount .
the old pioneer sx-550 drives them well .
i had to boost the base two notches from nominal but overall good sound .
the reduced price sealed the deal !
installation is easy , steel brackets are included .
wiring is by binding post .
good choice for the price , but not recommended for the high-end audiophile person .
great speakers , the sound is so perfectly proyected that it fills my backyard .
we attached these speakers to our home karaoke system .
we also used the pyle pro 600 watt mixer .
everyone loves to come to our house for karaoke .
my husband was looking at similar speakers but they were a little more expensive .
he told me i did good and was very delighted with them .
love how there 's three different hook ups on the back !
also like how there 's handles makes them easy to carry !
i ordered two of these speakers to try as a pair .
perhaps dropped during shipment ?
it still worked just fine .
a little disappointing , but ultimately worth the money .
it has what no other speakers have 3 different types of inputs .
binding post , 1/4inch , and speakon type .
plus it is well priced .
i also love them because i bought them from j & r music world .
so i was confident that they would arrive in perfect condition and they did !
my units were packed in 3 sperate packages each .
the sound is clear enough but the construction needs to be improved slightly .
great set of speakers .
pyle is your choice to go .
with size and weight it tops some others .
got a gig that you need some speakers this is your answer .
very light weight and easy on the back .
mine was shipped inside two protection sturdy boxes with much padding .
arrived perfect with no damage .
speakers as installed solid .
this is the best speaker bargain i have ever purchased .
perfect , extremely well packed and fast shipping on a great bargain .
not real powerful , but they 're not supposed to be .
i like the fact they are light .
i am going to add a handle on top for one-handed carrying .
right size for the space i have .
great sound for 8 '' speakers .
i purchased 4 of these through amazon .
apparently amazon fulfilled my order through different sellers .
in addition , the dust caps do not have the same logo pictured .
due to this , i my speakers are visually mismatched .
besides the different appearance , everything else is literally identical .
the specifications , weight , and sound are identical .
one of the four speakers arrived in perfect condition .
i use peavey , mackie , jbl , etc .
and some lower end like this one depending on the use .
for these speakers , i seem to have found the sweet spot .
i love this speaker !
wish i had another !
great sound and light weight .
like the speaker a lot just had shipping problems
my church is `` mobile '' right now .
we rent different places on sunday to worship .
i am the worship leader and by default the de facto sound guy .
we have a sound system but it 's much to bulky to move around .
i bought two of these speakers and a small amp to do the job .
i say for the price it 's a bargain !
these speakers look good and sound great .
using them in a high school weight room .
more sound and power than we will ever need .
sound is clear , bass is strong .
just a solid set of speakers .
these are just as advertised .
they sound ok connected to an ensoniq mr rack sound module .
however , the bass is n't well developed in these 8 '' speaker cabs .
if you need good bass , go for the 12 '' speakers .
for general pa use these are fine .
great bass and the price was right .
the first one arrived broken the and it was quickly replaced
can i pay the differents from the 8in for the 10in
i love the speaker but it has a horrible smell to it .
i 've been spraying it with fabric freshener every since it arrived .
i ordered two pyle-pro speakers and today they arrived right on time .
one small problem , one was damaged .
problem fixed in ten minutes and i have two inexpensive but nice speakers !
i purchased two of these speakers and mine were almost identical to another review .
one speaker was in perfect condition and one was apparently dropped then packaged up .
horn tweeter does not work at all .
the speaker that does work actually has great sound .
nice bass and clarity for the price .
i own a haunted attraction and purchase many different types of audio systems .
item was as listed .
very impressed with the power indeed !
found these added versatility to my set up .
the venue was a banquet room with relatively low beamed ceilings .
the sound was amazing .
i was running everything in mono .
it saves the cost of hiring a professional dj so our charities benefit .
for our sized venue , about 70 watts is all i needed .
it was definitely a two person job .
again , having the speakers raised to ear level makes all the difference .
i ca n't wait to give it a try .
the digital output went straight to my panasonic av receiver 's optical input .
looks like i 'll get rid of the radio shack mixer .
it has a microphone mixer built in .
the seismic audio 12 inch starts even lower at 50 hertz .
they came very fast and on time .
the sound is excellent .
i am now going to pass this info onto all of my music mates .
the price was amazing .
didnt realize how big the width was 7.5 '' .
muy bueno el producto llega a tiempo se ve en buen estado y todo .
ahora lo voy instalar en mi auto .
price was great , i needed three .
just installed them in wedge monitors .
have n't used them in a live setting yet .
these horn tweeters are really good for the money .
they came on time and undamaged .
they sound like a high quality horn tweeter .
this was a good buy for the money .
i have order these to replace my old ones that were blown .
items came on time and without any damage .
powered them up to ensure they work and they hit highs really nice .
still have n't installed them yet but all work as described .
had them a good year or so now .
it 's a good product .
not bad for the price .
received quick and work as expected for the investment .
really happy with this horn piezo my custom build box sound clean with this .
i 'll start off by saying that i used these tweeters for pro-audio use .
the pyle tweeters showed up in some searches and even on amazon .
i knew i could get them in a couple of days from amazon .
very nice bag for drum chimes .
bought for my son for his birthday to protect his chimes .
he has many drum cases but never has bought one for his chimes .
very nicely padded and looks like it will hold up well .
this case is lightweight and totally protects the chimes .
does what it 's supposed to .
the tre35 fits perfectly and it 's it 's well constructed .
i would recommend you purchase this to protect your chimes during transport .
would recommend to anyone .
the photo is of a one-piece garlein recorder .
the title states that it is a 3-piece soprano recorder .
this is very confusing and leaves one wondering what will be delivered .
the description is also lacking .
i own an aulos garklein and sopranino and i am pleased with the quality .
i wanted to have fun with my grandchildren while teaching them music notation .
this was a good way to start .
the 8 year old loved it .
the 6 year old was a bit too young .
they are both excellent quality and i would definitely buy them both again .
love them , i will be buying more seakers and amp in the fulture .
sipping was fast and the price was great !
you could almost use these as your speakers they 're so good .
i definitely recommend them and the sound via daisy chaining is great .
they 're definitely one directional .
they do their job well for the price .
the price was right and the performance was stellar !
definitely worth the investment .
works just as stated on the websites man awesome dude your gnarly man dude !
thanks for the great price
the only downfall is the vinyl covering .
the best part was turn around was only one day on a prime !
planning on ordering a couple more .
but i 'm pretty impressed with the sound .
so you get from the horn just the brightness needed .
over all sounds pretty good to me .
i have 3 of these floor monitors .
when they work , they work well .
the sound from the combined woofer and horn is very clean .
the bass is full , while the driver delivers the mid-highs crisply .
the only problem you may have is with shipping .
the new ones i got were fine and performed perfectly .
for the price , you wo n't find anything better .
so far so good .
i bought two of them and they are working great .
im using it for vocals and so far so good .
great sound for the price
works awesome ! ! ! ! ! !
i ordered this product as a church floor monitor .
because of the price , we did n't expect much .
we simply figured that it would be better than our current disfunctional sampsons .
the monitors sound spectacular , at least in comparison to our 200w 's now .
500 watts is no joke .
the minimum sound on the monitors is still quite loud .
anyway , we 're very proud to have these .
the sound is great and the build seems very solid .
it 's a good mic system for my church .
i love these mics ! !
they were perfect for the set up we had at our church .
the lights are color coded to make it easier to adjust them individually .
i have all good things to say about them .
i even have a suggestion that helps .
i highly recommend these to anyone and the sound quality is excellent .
thumbs up to pyle ! ! !
just wanted you to know what a top quality product this is .
keep up the good work .
i bought this mic set for karaoke shows .
i started with 4 and only had 2 shortly after .
the other 2 mics are still going after 2 years of abuse .
it bent the metal screen , but still functions .
not for pro vocalists , but good for karaoke .
i received the order in one day , with no extra shipping charges .
the system works great , i would recommend it to anyone .
nice product for the price .
its missing an rca out puts to connect to a home stereo .
otherwise a great product for the price .
when they work without drop outs they are wonderful .
tons of gain and great clarity , tone , etc .
it stays completely quiet until someone speaks and then the buzz comes through .
i have emailed the seller a week ago but no reply .
after buying a new cord at radio shack the buzzing went away .
very good product , well worth the money .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
i do small dj venues and this is the perfect product for the job .
would buy this product again .
right out of the box it was a very simple set up .
no need to set channels for microphones .
four mics , four volume buttons .
clear sound from these four microphones .
the receiver is super , really powers the mics well .
voice gain is good and there is no external sound picked up .
upon my initial test trial i found the system incredibly responsive .
battery life and distance range is approximate yes , but neither were grossly overrated .
this unit payed for itself with the lack of rental/late fees .
generally , better equipment than those rented also .
spend more if you 'd like , i stand behind my purchase .
these microphones are so sick !
the solution ... ..reflective tap .
i have experienced some cut outs on occasion but that 's expected .
nothing major and not long lasting .
the most expensive sets do the same thing .
the 110/220 power selection was important and gives me more options in practice locations .
great bang for your buck .
these wireless mics are working well with our church sound system .
easy to install and everyone is enjoying using them in our church programs .
i get the product in a short time and is working good .
for me i do not have any problem .
but every friday night the kids come to sing and dance .
now they can do both along with being the star sing along .
these microphones are great for the price .
i own a karaoke bar , the mics .
get dropped & brake so i have purchased a lot of mics .
over the past 16 yrs .
as long as these are available , i will continue buying them .
i love these mics .
& so do my customers .
they were shipped on time and in tact .
did n't want to deal with the manufacture after reading the reviews .
i 've realized you did n't included the bill into de boss .
i would like you to send me a copy of it to my e-mail .
it is yendely33 @ gmail.com .
thanks to you and have a nice weekend .
use for my church do n't understand the other output not enough direction encluded
i got this mic for my church and i never regret purchasing it .
working well , my daughter love it .
awesome equipment for the right price .
great unit very good and reliable .
the system was easy to install into the gator case and easy to use .
i like the graphics and separate volume control knobs for each microphone .
there ok for the money .
but the construction of the mics could be a little more rugged .
i think that under heavy usage this mics should be a little more rugged .
as a karaoke dj i use these mics because they are affordable .
this is the second pyle system that i have purchased .
great value , works great , just what i wanted
mics go out sometimes though
provides a lot of entertainment at new years and during birthday parties .
great ! ! ! !
very nice set for the money !
they work great at the start .
i enjoy using pyle equipment .
their price range fits nicely into my budget .
they offer great customer service , and their products are durable with good quality .
i recommend this pyle wireless hand-held microphone system .
the equipment is very good .
i have had problems with 2 microphones recently .
i am contacting the support to buy new ones .
overall the equipment is very easy to install and operate .
you can buy pyle equipments .
it was at the fairground there and they worked great !
i really like them and they have great sound !
can be set up with one channel or use four individual channels .
good quality for the price
i love this system , and would buy it again if needed .
no problems thus far .
very happy with this purchase .
works great for what i need .
clear sound from these four microphones .
the receiver is super , really powers the mics well .
voice gain is good and there is no external sound picked up .
these are great wireless mics for the price ! !
they have a good range and are very durable .
i was amazed that the microphones still worked perfectly after that .
these mics are awesome ... the only flaw is that they are not rechargeable !
i love the sound !
i have bought other wireless mics before .
more expensive name brand mics .
for the price you just ca n't beat this deal .
top notch quality , light weight , great sound .
shipping was much quicker than i expected .
i could n't be more pleased with my purchase .
i would highly recommend this product to anyone .
very low powered and mics feel light and cheap .
i would not recommend this for live applications .
this works very well !
easily cut a port hole in my bass drum head of the desired size .
tons easier than cutting by hand with an exacto knife .
works well , but i wish it 1/2 increments as well !
the best and roundest hole i ever cut
do n't really know what to say other than - it did the job .
not a good idea .
just be sure to take the head off the drum , duh .
yeah , i tried that .
cuts a nice neat hole , with a clean edge .
this little tool is a real jem !
this thing works so well i literally laughed out loud when i used it .
and you can use it multiple times .
and it still works !
perfect cutout in one try .
now my recording palette is enhanced in a very good way .
i wish there were better ( or any ) real instructions .
but it certainly did the job .
works like a charm !
the product works well but the package was open already when i got it .
i think it was n't worth it to claim this .
cutter worked as it should .
be patient and measure the center point correctly .
the most difficult part for me was picking the location of the hole .
after that it worked great .
used this on a remo fiberskyn bass drum head .
so the lower right will be the lower left when cutting .
works just as intended .
works great and takes very little time .
the picture of the cutter is pretty self-explanator .
i am super glad i did .
i did n't even need to trim anything .
i highly recommend this to anybody .
clever device that works as advertised .
makes a professional looking bass drum hole that looks factory installed .
ordered this nifty little tool , followed the directions , and it worked perfectly .
looks great , allows access for microphone placement .
great tool for the price .
not as clean as the hot can method but less chance to burn yourself .
overall though it got the job done .
4 starts for product being inexpensive and there for future uses .
i had the hardest time finding a christmas gift for my brother .
it 's perfect for anyone who needs to change a string on the go .
he said he was thinking of getting another to keep in his case .
there are a few areas of weakness , however .
otherwise , a good use of hard earned ducats .
it has worked wonders and come through in a pinch .
so this item has come in handy .
good for most things i need to do on a regular basis .
it was built with actual quality in mind instead of just quantity .
i purchased this for my son who is a guitarist and a budding luthier .
i like the combination of options on this one tool .
it saved me from buying at least four different tools .
this is a real handy tool every guitar player should have one .
string changes are easy with the assistance of this tool .
it was a great gift !
purchased as a stocking stuffer for my boyfriend .
great tool for working musician
a bit overpriced for the overall quality .
this is a great thing to have in your case for any gigging guitarist .
excellent tool does exactly what it says .
best all in one tool on the market .
heavy duty good quality solid multi tool !
all my friends love it !
it has everything you could ever need for working on your bass or guitar .
it 's practical and has a great feel .
it also came with a cool carrying case .
all in all a great product .
even though the us allows up to 5 inches some countries do n't .
this is a great tool for traveling musicians .
the only complaints i have were the price and the design .
i think the price was kind of steep for what you get .
it 's a decent quality , but not $ 20 good .
the design can easily scratch your guitar .
i still think it deserves 5 stars though .
its nice to have an all-in-one guitar for gigs .
he was very happy to be able to fix the guitar by himself .
i purchased this violin about a month ago .
i received it about 5 days after i ordered it .
the violin looked really good .
but it did not come with a bridge attached .
i had to retune it all over again .
i started to get annoyed after doing this a few days in a row .
she said that the strings needed time to settle in .
she gave me some peg drops to keep the pegs from slipping .
i rubbed a little on the pegs and it seemed to work .
unfortunately , the violin does not play itself !
whatever sound i create on the violin is exactly what the violin produces .
even my teacher thinks it 's great .
a habit which is so often a trendy whim ! )
once i got enough rosin on the bow , sound came out !
i hope my super naive experience will help someone else !
i recieved the violin quickly .
it has a nice case , and the violin looked really nice .
there is a fine tuner for each string which is really helpful for beginners .
the rosin was included which was nice .
this was a great investment for a starting violin .
i use to work at one , and believe me they rip you off .
what shall i write ?
i have been trying to purchase one violin .
please tell me what type of violin i can order .
please let me know which violin i can order .
unfortunately i was not careful in tightening the strings and broke one right away .
but i doubt this is a fault of the product .
i have purchased new strings and hope to beginning playing again soon !
the resin that came with this package was not good quality though .
anyway , overall great product and great seller !
a dream purchase ! ..
definitely would buy it any other time too .
but i tell you what , i am very pleased with my purchase .
a small set of instructions would have been very helpful .
it is a beautiful violin .
it wo n't interfier with the sound quality .
oh well , like i said it does n't effect the sound quality .
i spent $ 4.00 and the new rosen worked like a champ .
before doing so i was worried that i had a defective violin !
the rosin included , is awful .
was very very easy once i figured out what to do .
and apparantly set tilted back ever so slightly towards the bottom of the violin .
apparantly if you keep it taught you can warp and eventually snap the bow .
( no one had mentioned that yet ) .
i thought that was how you store it.. no .
i felt really silly about that one .
but after you get all that straitened out it is very satisfying .
so all in all this was a great purchase and i am very pleased .
who knew i could buy a violin this cheaply ?
if you are like me , and not really sure .
first off , this is not a $ 50 violin .
otherwise , though , it 's a fine instrument .
the rosin is n't great , but it works .
the violin itself sounds fine .
but i do n't know that for a fact .
but this is fine for what it is .
my instructor was impressed with the price i paid for this violin .
he thought i paid at least $ 200 .
it is a great beginner 's violin , well worth its price .
i recommend this violin for any beginner , student or adult .
it is made well for its price .
great violin for its price !
i was a little hesitant about buying this instrument .
i was worried that the quality of the sound would not be good .
this made a difference in the quality of sound .
this violin is cheap .
both in construction and price .
it is , however , a decent instrument ... with a few caveats .
a rental , if available , however , might be a better option .
2 ) the chinese-made bridge is small , flimsy , and poorly designed .
bad quality control leaves these things somewhat random in their effectiveness .
4 ) the strings .
like most things on this violin , they skimped a lot on the strings .
they certainly assist in the tin-can sort of sound you 'll hear when playing .
-- all excellent quality for students ) or an anton breton or some such .
i received the violin , and this is more that i expect .
i recommend buy it .
this is the 1st violin i bought .
the case is a nice case also .
would reccommend purchasing from this supplier in the future .
this violin was an exceptionally good bargain .
everything was as promised and defect free .
my daughter loves it .
being a newbie , it was difficult to set up at first .
i got some better stuff from amazon and it works great .
it arrived right on time , nothing broken , nothing out of the ordinary .
now i can practice at home and leave the schools violin at school .
thank you , would buy from again .
i am very impressed with the company that sells this violin .
i rarely ever write reviews , but this company is worth the praise .
violin was as advertised .
good quality , good sound , nice finish .
arrived on time and was packed very well to insure against damage .
it looks like a toy .
it 's a bit oddly resonant but really not bad at all .
works adequately but dents very easily .
this is a beautiful beginners violin .
violin was well packaged , clean .
otherwise , we like it a lot .
update still very satisfied .
strings have reached the point adjustment holds , great fun , sounds good .
my family loved it .
great product for the money so i bought another one in a different color .
they sound like they cost a lot more .
next time trying the colored violin !
i ca n't complain at all .
for the price , this violin is usable and actually decent in appearance .
you 'll need to do a few things first : 1. buy rosin .
it 's great that they include one but it 's pretty terrible .
just go buy a different one .
i got a nice rosin for $ 2.50 nbd 2. buy new strings .
it was pretty easy to do and the violin sounds and feels phenomenally better .
3. customize your bridge .
it 's a cheap bridge but it does work .
it stays without issue once you do that .
i may have to sand the bottom or something .
i intend to work on a solution that today .
it 's good for the price .
for the price i was amazed .
but do plan on getting strings .
i spent about 200 % more for strings than i did for the violin .
and plays better than could have hoped for .
got it for my son to learn with and he 's doing well .
but do plan on getting good strings .
great violin for my daughter for school .
thought it was great .
daughter took it to school and brought it right back home .
i would definitely recommend this violin for a beginner , it looks very nice .
and i received the violin very quickly .
i bought this for my daughter , and so far she 's loving it .
the sound it projects out too is not bad for the price .
i will definitely recommend it .
the violin is beautiful and accoustic and well cut and sound ours great .
the quality is very impressive for a price so low .
i look forward to learning more .
delivered as promised and when promised .
it is well worth the money .
i love it and i recommend it .
a string broke when she tried to tighten where do i get more ?
the quality of this violin is great for the use of beginners .
are a bit sloppy , but they have n't caused any problems so far .
the quality of the rosin is definitely debatable .
however , it was definitely worth the money .
good product for the money
great violin , worked flawlessly , and would recommend
sup up ! ! !
it was better than paying 20 a month to rent a used one .
my daugter and her teacher think its comparible to rentals .
the only issues is the wood had a small chip .
the rosin was broke and the carrying case ripped at one of the seams
great communication from seller !
great item for price !
wish it came tuned .
but a great product for violinists !
the bows , nonetheless , could have been a bit more sturdier .
hence , you may need to consider buying a better quality bow .
this item exceeded my expectations .
the case on it 's own is worth the price .
it is a full sized violin .
we bought this for our daughter for christmas .
over all i would recommend this for a child or beginner .
this is a decent quality first violin .
it came with a case , bow , and rosin .
we have not used this violin yet ; but it is beautiful .
this is alright for newbies .
just right for beginners .
it is a very generic violen but it serves it purpose .
so heads up get an extra bow .
very fast shipping..excellent value.. could n't ask for a better experience .
it also fits within my gifting budget .
but as for the fiddle itself i am highly satisfied .
so if you are a beginner then this should be a good violin .
it 's a great instrument for learning
pretty good tone for a cheap violin .
this is a very good product and well worth the money spent .
i understood that i bought a cheap violin .
i understodd how to place the bridge .
here is what happened to me .
first off , my instrument did not arrive until the lates time possible .
aside from deliery problems , the thickest string snapped after i slackened the strings .
it was coming undone .
i also feel that the rosin is cheap ; cheap for a cheap instrument .
now , all of that aside , i love my new violin .
also , who cares about the pegs ?
all you have to do is push and twist .
the case is not nearly as 'flimsy ' as i thought it would be .
this violin is beautiful !
it has a wonderful sound and easy on the fingers .
i would highly recommend this to anyone .
this is an excellent violin for new students .
broke string setting it up , but had ordered extra .
plays well and is an enjoyable instrument for our sons and granddaughters .
i bought this violin as a gift for one of my neices .
i really liked the violin although i am not an expert .
this is a very good starter violin .
it was shipped pretty quickly .
i think i received it in less than a week .
my son loves it !
the case can be carried like a backpack which is very handy .
also , i was happy to see it came with a bow and rosin .
this was a great buy !
let alone a shoulder rest .
this violin has a beautiful tone to it looks gorgeous and is really neat .
just received my violin .
product is as expected , is as picture .
this was a pretty good deal for less than $ 50 .
did i mention the price is the best around !
here we would have paid $ 100 + for the set up .
with a little score reading foundations i started playing several tunes already !
rosin is not glued on the channel so it tends to break .
the violin , bow and case were beautiful and well worth the money ! !
but ... it is a beautiful violin and is worth the cost .
violin came in just a few days after ordering .
it was exactly as pictured .
it has a nice light satin finish to the wood .
the rosin worked fine .
the tuning pegs will need pushed in a bit to get them to hold .
i play a few other instruments though so i am a little familiar .
getting the strings in tune for any violin seems to be tricky .
so be careful ! !
because you can break a string easily .
probably not necessary for students .
i used a guitar tuner to tune the strings .
the strings on the violin were just fine though .
and overall , the violin is pretty much ready to go .
just needs tuned after you get it .
the bow seems to be fine and no problems so far .
overall very good deal .
it is high quality for the price .
it has a rich deep sound .
do n't be perturbed if at first it does n't sound perfect to you .
give it a little time .
every bow stroke sounds a little better until you get everything coated and stretched .
hope this review helps you out .
for the price , it is a very good violin .
it 's a wonderful violin and well worth the money i paid for it .
i look forward to enjoying playing it often .
i love this product !
will certainly recommend this product to others when given the chance !
sounds like a student violin .
i have lots of musician friends .
when i received it , it smelled like it had just been painted .
our drummer thinks it was spray paint .
but as a student product i think it is great ... ! ! !
at some point i may have it stripped and finished .
just what i was looking for great sound .
a great starter violin for anyone , and it plays and sound great .
this violin is awesome !
it was a great purchase for my student violinists .
i 'd recommend it .
it 's better quality than i expected for such a good price .
excited for my daughter to open it christmas morning .
this violin is beautiful and exactly what my son wanted .
i was very pleased with this violin and case .
it came in a very nice protective case with rosin .
its very shiny black and has the wow factor .
it will be muched used by the young lady in my family .
nice quality and beautiful instrument .
teacher says that it is because it is painted and the sound gets muffled .
she plays it at home all the time for practice and for fun .
it is a very loved instrument .
would still purchase from seller again in future .
i bought this for making music videos , i do n't play violin .
a member of our band in the video plays a short solo .
for just over $ 30 it works great .
i need lessons though !
i am absolutely in love with this violin .
the sound quality is great and it was very afforable !
i love this violin !
it is better than i expected .
i found the case to be nice and the violin is beautiful .
took me awhile to adjust strings and bow .
taking longer still for me to remember how to play remotely well .
it is so easy to use this violin is worth the price .
it may not stay into fray a long time but it works very well .
it is a great tool for beginners ( like myself ) .
this purchase is the best for a beginner .
nicely constructed , with a rich shiny coat of black paint .
the sound is very good .
it 's lightweight and easy to handle , so also good to arthritis hands .
i happen to see this buying other items .
i play the violin , first you will need to set the bridge .
its not hard , it will sit under the string between the f holes .
the curved side will face the finger board .
place it under the strings and stand it up .
it will sit between the little notches on each f hole .
center the feet with those notches .
do not glue it on .
place each string on the notches on the top of the bridge .
now it should look like a violin but the sound is everything .
it needs to be in a perfect spot for the violin to sound right .
that can weld the peg shut and you cant turn it .
push in with force as you turn the peg .
sorry about yelling at you , grace .
the instructions helped me .
thanks for your service and the nice case .
this violen has exellentsound quality .
i have no problems with it .
the violin arrived today , within a week of ordering it .
the case alone was worth the money .
i suggest going on youtube for set up instructions and tuning advice .
for this price , the violin is unbeatable .
an excellent starting instrument and a surprisingly high quality case .
this was a very good experience all around ( minus the wait ) .
i just have not had the time to do a review .
everyone loves the fact that her violin is black .
it came fast in its own case and is really nice .
we have not had any problems with this violin .
i will be ordering other things from here .
i received my package today and my wife loved it .
will most definately order from seller in the future .
he likes it and shows it off
so i took a chance on this painted violin .
bytheway , buy your own strings .
tuning is extravagantly hard because the pegs wo n't stay in place .
basically , you 're hamming it farther in .
luckily , the wood is malleable enough .
but as long as you keep playing , it stays in tune . )
i 'm not in debt , and i get to enjoy myself .
works well and all products were definitely included .
a little assembling to do but a good buy for sure .
this violin was great !
great starting violin for the price .
for the price this seems like a good little violin to start on .
the estimated recieving date was between the 27th and 5th .
it came early on the 26th .
the tuner is decent , however i suggest downloading a violin tuning app .
the rosin works if you read the directions .
the pinstriping is n't perfect and the wood does have some blemishes .
but with everything costing under $ 40 i ca n't complain .
the bow is very sturdy and works nicely .
over all i 'm very impressed .
also notice that the brand of this model is crescent .
i love the color it shipped fast and very easy to set up .
i do not know why others wrote about problem .
i would recoment it .
i like the violin and all the parts that came with it .
for the price , this is a decent violin .
she used a utility knife .
they also tuned it for her .
she needed peg dope , but since then , it 's been fine .
this violin is cheap but comes with all the necessary tools to play .
i bought a supplemental tuner and a shoulder rest .
the bow is pretty bad quality .
the frog is already falling off and many of the horse hairs have broken .
got the job done for my brother .
that 's enough to get you making noise .
i did n't order a fretboard sticker , but i think i should have .
all in all , this product is decent .
i expected something polished , but for the price it came out great .
i bought this for my wife ( she 's the talented one ) .
being a guitarist , i 'm spoiled with set bridges and locking tuners .
after a little fumbling i got it .
the tuner is handy and will work with other instruments as well .
overall i 'm pleased .
it is a realy good deal..my wife loved ... and mi baby girl too .
amazon is the best and the easy way..
this tool is really good .
great sound and quality .
i liked how quickly and was delivered .
color tool admire elegant .
the only thing not good rosin .
thank you , good job .
this has been my experience with the violin so far .
why 5 stars then ?
the strings on the violin are amazing .
the strings ring out nice and sound beautiful .
the digital tuner works just like any other chromatic digital tuner .
it 's as accurate as the snark tuners i own .
this will be more than enough to start you off !
i am looking forword to hearing my son play his new vilion .
perfect starter violin , good sound and good quality .
the violin was pretty good in size and weight .
the color was fantastic .
the only problen was that the bridge was not attached because of shipping purposes .
the sound quality is great , especially for how cheap the price was !
i was shocked , i would recommend this product to any starter !
the strings are low quality but good to start out on .
give it a couple months then upgrade them .
it 's great if you need a violin to start learning on !
my sister is picking this up while i am learning guitar .
was better than expected , came early and was overall pleased with this purchase .
it came with everything needed .
i would suggest picking up some better rosin .
it is a violin for 40 $ .
does it sound great ?
does it hold its tune ?
what i got was a cheap , functional and playable violin .
i ordered this product and it was not exactly what i expected .
i was contacted by the seller immediately and they remedied the problem expeditiously .
this is my first violin .
i am self taught and when i learn something i research a lot .
violins naturally are work to learn and play !
know what you are getting into !
it will not be professional quality , because well.. it is n't !
at least they were nice enough to include any , i guess ! ) .
but the one included does in fact work just fine .
then i had an issue with usps ( lucky me !
awesome worked well for my son !
the crescent is a clean , decent starter violin .
this particular finish was quite nice ; looks just as pretty in person .
i highly recommend this style violin !
i think this was a great price for what you get .
it is absolutely well worth every penny .
came quickly and can not wait for my daughter to open it christmas morning .
overall , i 'm happy with my purchase .
well packaged and a great bargain for the price .
i received it on time and was very pleased with the quality .
what a great find !
did n't expect the quality for the price - extremely impressed !
would recommend to everyone beginners - advanced
it was beautiful everything we wanted for our son and more .
and rhe price was just what we were looking for .
should be a great first learning item .
for this price , it 's more than worth it !
the violin is shiny with a nice wood color .
the sound is nice and loud .
the electronic tuner is great .
once we put rosin on the bow the violin was able to be tuned .
she was so happy when she opened it christmas morning .
i think it is a great starter instrument for anyone .
it 's a cheap entry level instrument .
it 's great for a beginner but that 's all .
great price for beginner .
very well made product at a very reasonable price .
we were very happy with the quality and sound .
perfect for a first timer !
this violin arrived in perfect condition and i absolutely love it !
i loved the instrument .
i just hope she learns to play like she promised .
i am very happy with my purchase .
set up was incredibly easy .
the violin comes with a relatively well detailed instruction manual .
the quality of the product is much better than expected .
the violin itself is also constructed rather well .
the construction is all wood and very light .
the bridge fits snugly without any modifications .
the pegs will slip during tuning , as with all violins .
simply apply light pressure while tuning , or purchase some peg drops .
the strings ( once in tune ) are adequate .
the bow and rosin work well with this outfit .
the frog glides well and setting the desired tautness is very easy .
my package came with the crescent mt-60 tuner .
luckily i was correct on the first try .
for the price , the quality can not be beat !
this is such an awesome item .
i 'm very pleased !
i would recommend this item for anyone that is learning the violin .
i 'm 31 , and i 'm just staring out !
the quality is quite nice .
other than that , great buy !
i like it a lot .
my neice just loves her violin ! ! ! !
she is teaching herself how to play and this is the perfect starter instrument !
excellent price for a full size violin with bow and hard case .
quality craftsmanship of the violin .
great price and quick delivery .
my teen liked that she could select the wood color
beautiful with a pretty fair tone .
awesome for those like me who just want one to learn on
this villain got to me before the date they gave me .
also with my daughter just learning its perfect for her
i love m violin .
still unsure how the tuner works instructions are sketchy at best .
i see a number of people commenting about plastic pegs .
the one i got has lacquered wooden pegs .
for the money you ca n't go wrong .
my toddler loves it , great product for the price .
definitely better quality than i expected .
it 's a great starter/student violin , but be warned .
there are youtube videos of how to remedy this problem .
this is a great full size violin for new learners and young students .
good price and comes with lots of extras .
the truth is that it is an excellent product .
i loved it and i plan to buy another one .
best violin that is under 50 dollars .
works great , comes with everything needed to sound great .
recommend that this is for a beginner
you always hear horror stories about cheaply made violins .
on that following birthday he presented this to me .
it was perfect for what i needed .
