i have never really used it .
i do n't really get these `` dummies '' books .
i love my books and this is a great annoyance to me .
if you purchase just be prepared it may arrived damaged .
this book is just okay .
crochet step-by-step by sally harding is much better for the beginner .
save yourself the oftalmologist 's visit and buy the paperback .
bad formatting and some things , plainly impossible to read .
not recommended at all .
i regret spending the money on it .
i was looking for basic beginner help and better diagrams .
it was n't as helpful as i was expecting since i am a beginner .
i purchased this book for my granddaughter who wanted to learn to crochet .
she lives out of town so i could not teach her .
skip this one if you want to become skilled at this craft .
the illustrations are too confusing for someone who 's never crocheted .
the book is not very easy to understand .
it is really complicated .
when it finally came out i was unfortunately disappointed .
the entire book reads in a very unorganized way .
you would do better to purchase a less expensive booklet to learn the basics .
why buy an instrument that does n't play in tune ?
i bought this as a gift for my husband 2 years ago .
he was never able to get it tuned .
professionals were unable to tune it .
the ukulele broke the first time i tuned it .
definitely got what i paid for .
this started to bteak almost immediately
the courses are okay and will get you up and running .
the problem is the ukulele is a pos .
it will not stay in tune for more than 5 minutes .
it is the worst piece of equipment i have ever purchased .
i should have headed the warnings .
do not buy this !
package was in great shape while being shipped .
the arm of the ukulele not glued together on the back .
very disappointed as i wanted to start learning to play .
a little disappointed , it wo n't play the correct notes .
when i do an am chord it is flat .
they are both soprano uke 's and tuned to the same key .
but one plays a completely different ( flat ) note than the other .
i 'm sending it back .
does n't ever stay tuned .
this ukelele goes out of tune every 5 minutes .
my friend also has this ukelele and has encountered the same problem .
ca n't stay in-tune for more than a minute .
i recommend spending a little more to get a better quality option .
does n't stay in tune .
very difficult to play due to improper fret spacing .
the positive : good price .
the negative : the ukulele is of the worst quality .
the intonation is off even when it 's tuned properly .
great for a toy , not for an instrument .
i had this for two days .
it did n't stay in tune for more than 5 mins .
and we were driving and it just broke .
the neck snaped , and a string poped .
i enjoyed the book , at the back was all the chord you need .
it would be nice if a quiet fabric one was included instead .
the plastic is extremely loud as it crinkles and is extremely wrinkled .
the book is what sold me on this kit in the first place .
it 's all plastic , it sounds awful .
i thought it would be half way decent , but it 's trash .
do n't buy this !
tried to return and purchase another but a week out of return policy .
should have spent a little more to get a better product .
i have n't found this to be true ... .must be retuned often .
ca n't play on it without needing to be tuned .
so it is n't good for trying to learn how to play guitar .
expensive for what i got .
came with a strap but there are no strap pegs to attach them to .
cd and instruction book is nice .
my 6 yr old boy is learning well .
we can not even tune it !
the reviews were bad but did not bother to read before buying .
this product is poorly manufactured .
you get what you pay for .
please pay attention better than i did to the reviews !
this a very poor quality product .
will not stay in tune !
if by chance you do order buy some better strings .
the lesson book is ok but that 's about it .
do you self a favor and spend a little more .
you will be glad you did !
the description match the product , but i was expecting something with more quality
the strings were bad quality and the ukulele was n't even real wood .
even after tuning it still sounded off and is very cheap and bad quality .
i bought this for my 6 year old daughter for christmas .
tried tuning it several times , sounded horrible .
i knew something was wrong , took it to a guitar repair place locally .
$ 50 more to attempt repair .
fortunately , with the refund , i can get a another brand .
terrible , a tin can sounds better than this piece of junk !
very , very disappointed !
the fret board is broken out of the box .
now i need to waste time shipping it back .
this is terrible buy one from a music store
it 's a toy .
this could be a perfect set to start with .
however , the fretted notes are out of tune .
probably , we got a lemon .
otherwise , we liked the set .
my daughter was constantly having to tune it .
one star is one too many .
just do n't buy it .
it wo n't hold a tune long enough to tune it .
it 's wood-colored plastic .
you get what you pay for !
i 've seen toys built better than this .
do n't waste your money !
i like the alfred book and the dvd .
however , the instrument itself turned out to be a disappointment .
the quality of the instrument is not good .
yes it creates a lot of sound , but the frets are crooked .
the only chord i could play in tune was the a minor 7 chord .
do not get this .
the only good thing about this package is the book .
the gig bag is n't even of good quality .
there is absolutely no padding .
uke will not even stay in tune .
i bought this for daughter who lives an hour from me .
she complained it did n't stay in tune .
it is a made in china product .
better get a makala for $ 30
this was an awful purchase .
the ukulele does not even tune !
this ukulele is worthless .
it can not even stay in tune through one song .
first uke arrived with neck separated from body .
ordered a replacement which arrived with exactly the same problem .
meanwhile my seven year old was waiting for her present .
overall package with book and extra strings seemed like a good idea .
the whole instrument made a buzzing sound when you played it .
i 'm a bit disappointed with this product .
i began to teach myself to play .
but it went downhill from there .
a few minutes ago , the neck just snapped clean off !
right in the middle of me playing .
and i have been gentle too .
just get some informational book and buy yourself a better ukulele separately .
i found this same guitar on a different site for $ 38 free shipping .
i was shocked when i took it out of the box .
it 's too small for my 2 year old to play .
its made with even cheaper strings then fishing line .
its a toy for maybe a 2 year old .
no way for a 5 year old or older .
the reviews are so good and i have no idea why .
so so so so small .
the string broke within a second of receiving this .
it 's very cheaply made .
i am definitely suffering from buyer 's remorse .
the strings are horrible and does n't play well .
beware the product photos make the instrument appear much larger than the book .
the book is actually bigger .
ukulele is much small than expected .
returning product to order different size ukulele ...
the strings on this ukulele are terrible and impossible to tune .
it is cheaply made .
does n't stay tuned .
had to buy new tuning keys .
does n't stay in tune ... useless really .
it would fall out of tune after only a few strums .
very disappoited with this product .
i tightened the strings and the wood split .
it is now not usable .
i gave this to my very experienced guitar playing husband .
he conditioned them , played it , and tightened screws , etc .
nothing worked and back it went .
if you want to really learn to play , invest in a better model .
the finger board and frets are damaged .
bought this to start self-teaching myself how to play the ukulele .
usually alfred is a great brand .
but i was disappointed with this ukulele .
you definitely get what you pay for .
the strings would never stay tuned .
the tuning pegs were too loose .
i can only play that way .
is there a way to string it that way ?
when i got it the guitar was broken .
i had to buy an electric tuner just for this .
well , not in my case i guess ... so disappointing
missing frets ca n't play half the notes with missing frets : (
the strings are terrible and the fret board from broke
ukelele arrived with the neck broken .
did n't even bother with the dvd , it 's going right back .
within 5 days of use , the neck came off the body .
there is no way for me to use it again .
will not stay tuned up
it broke first day .
the ukulele could not hold its tune .
i know own a real instrument ukulele , not a toy .
i 'll then check to re-tune and the strings are all still tuned properly .
this uke is a toy , nothing better .
a terrible instrument for beginners .
i had never played a uke before this one , and am addicted now .
and i keep trying to play the firebrand , only to be disappointed .
i ca n't get the ukelele tuned .
i 'm using an electric tuner and ca n't get the right notes .
so ca n't even begin to try to use it for lessons .
the strings do not work and it is just terrible , stay away
will not stay in tune ... at all .
the nylon strings on the instrument are absolutely insufficient for beginners .
it makes me feel like i am playing a child 's toy .
it was n't pleasant .
book was ripped dvd broken cheap ukulele .
it 's basically plastic .
and i 'd love for a refund
keeps going out of tune all the time .
so this is brand new and needs a repair already .
when i bought it the price seemed great and too good to be true .
well , it was n't .
on the bright side , the repair will only be $ 20 .
can not be tuned .
has to return it .
broke within the first 2 times of using it .
strings are too high off the frets .
it wo n't hold a tune even after working and retuning as suggested .
i wish i 'd just bought something better from the start .
great concept with great instructions and cds .
out of tune too easily .
you 'll need help tuning or a tuning application .
it would probably discourage beginners who are tone deaf .
more of a `` toy '' than an `` instrument ''
nothing can have 100 % positive feedback '' .
boy , was i wrong .
this `` starter pack '' is more of a toy then a musical instrument .
spend a little more and get a ukulele that has some actual quality .
why is it in this condition ?
it should n't be .
this should be a brand new decent looking ukulele ... but it 's not .
it 's a constant cycle of this .
i would not recommend buying this .
do not give it a chance like i did .
we decided to return it .
not suitable for an adult .
impossible to keep in tune .
further , ours arrived with a broken fret .
i was dissatisfied with this instruments quality .
i can not keep it in tune .
i have had the chance to handle and try this out .
fyi - this product is suited for young children - not for beginner adults !
this ukulele was of poor quality and i would not recommend to anyone .
very disappointed grand daughter on christmas !
we bought this as a christmas present for our daughter .
i will be sending it back .
i suspect it was returned or used .
i mistakenly thought it came with a tuner .
this is really low quality .
the strings will not stay in tune and the body feels too light .
the instrument broke one hour after it came out of the box christmas morning .
big disappointment for the boy on christmas morning .
i repaired it with wood glue and a large clamp .
seems to work now but confidence in this item is low now .
this ukulele is not worth the money !
even if you 're a beginner .
my daughter really wanted one so ordered it for christmas .
for an item over $ 30 , i except a better quality .
overall , i am very disappointed in this product .
cheap material and the strings are junk .
i would not spend more than $ 10 on this item .
the money i lost is more than what the ukulele is worth : (
could have been a better quality .
but you get what you pay for .
my daughter learned how to play in 2 days from the youtube channel
very hard to keep tuned , strings too hard , very small sound .
it was broken when i received it .
so cheap that it wo n't even hold a tune .
the strings are cheap plastic .
strings wo n't stay in tune .
by the end of a song you have to retune .
neck broke off within 10 seconds of playing .
re-glued it but the strings do n't fit the bottom grooves very well .
this is a kids toy .
i returned mine upon opening the box .
definitely not a quality product .
book is dumb and the ukelele is hard : (
the wood seems to be very low quality .
i was expecting something better .
the strings are horrible and very cheap .
i wan na return it honestly
it 's a toy .
it will not stay in tune .
it 's still nicely wrapped in the box .
the ukulele was poorly bilt .
i broke very easily .
it 's really bad ! ! ! !
can i have my , money back ?
will not tone very cheap waste of money .
ukelele could not be tuned and is of poor quality .
strings are cheap plastic .
this ukulele was more of a toy than a nice-full-sounding ukulele .
i hope i can return it .
it was broken and could no longer be played ...
and nowhere in the book does it tell you how to do that .
did n't know they were plastic !
had to return this item .
the instruction book is very good for beginners .
youtube tutorials are invaluable , and plentiful .
ordered this because it was a kit and on price point alone .
the bag is pretty useless .
it 's thin and crinkly with no protective qualities , really .
i suppose it would protect from sunlight and dust .
the instrument is obviously a `` starter '' uke .
the matte finish does attract fingerprints and is very plain .
i bought the hola !
electronic tuner and just leave it clipped on .
i would recommend this for anyone wanting to give ukulele a whirl .
it 's a fast learning curve , and super fun !
the ukulele was impossible to tune .
could not stay in tune .
when it arrived at my house it was broken
the neck was separated from the body and the guitar felt cheaply made .
barely produces sound , strings can not be tightened .
when i tightened the strings to tune , it would not stay in tune .
unfortunately , i had not discovered this until my window of return had closed .
could be better compiled .
it snapped in half within 35 minutes .
it was hard to tune .
this is awful terrible !
i got it and it was just so bad .
it snapped after a few days because i left a few papers on it .
i have never played a stringed instrument .
i bought this starter pack and was very excited to get started .
i tuned the strings as soon as it arrived using a mobile phone app .
i started the lessons right away .
i bought new ( higher grade ) strings .
it still wo n't hold its tuning .
i ca n't tell you the difference in quality .
i now practice daily .
the chords sound nothing like my new uke .
this has to be a toy- not a real instrument .
i opened the box and quickly noticed that the ukulele was broken .
that break was clearly not due to bad shipping .
the ukulele was terrible .
i 'm surprised you would sell such and awful instrument .
beware of amazon 's 30 day return policy !
the book and accessories make an excellent starter set and the uke is adorable !
looks like it would be a great set if the ukelele was n't defective .
lesson learned : check all items when received from amazon !
i purchased this instrument to teach my child to play .
the first time i tuned this ukulele , the neck snapped in two .
the manufacturer should really rethink its construction and lack of durability .
i did not tighten the strings too much .
i barely got started with the first string .
the instrument i received could n't hold the tuning at all .
i was only hoping for a playable instrument , nothing amazing .
but the one i got barely even qualified for an instrument .
i would not recommend anyone take a chance with this .
you 'd be better off buying a ukulele elsewhere .
preferably where you can try playing it beforehand .
i got this kit as a christmas present from my sister .
not that she would have known but the ukulele is simply unplayable .
this ukulele looks like something a 3 year old would play with .
could not get the instrument to stay in tune for longer than a minute .
ended up returning for a credit .
i purchased this for my kid that is taking a uke class .
right after taking it out , i noticed just how cheap the construction was .
within 10min of opening the box , i already resealed it for return .
it could have ended my child 's interest in the uke before even beginning .
well worth it in my opinion .
it 's practically the thickness of a trash bag and honestly embarrassing .
it worked but there 's an incredibly noticeable crack in it .
i 'd try to return it but it 's really not worth the effort .
this a great product for the price it lists .
i learned a song quickly and played it couple of times .
each time , the pitch sounded off within the first verse of the song .
i basically had to tune it over and over .
i could n't get through even a single song without it losing its tune .
you basically get what you pay for .
i would invest a little more money and get a nice ukulele .
does n't stay tuned for more than a few minutes .
have to buy my daughter a better one to use .
i was not very satisfied with this ukulele .
hard to tune it also .
not what we were expecting .
too much of a toy .
unable to tune the instrument as we would have liked to .
but if you are a 3rd-5th grader perhaps this is your best bet .
hope this helps , -c
my room mate made the claim `` i can play anything with strings . ''
we tuned the ukulele but it did n't hold the sounds ?
i doubt that it will be useful .
if it was n't a gift i would send it back
the product arrived and looked extremely cheap .
2 the strings it came with were horrible .
it could not be tuned and would not play .
then he tried to play and was very sad .
very sorry i bought this item .
the manual is fine , the ukelele is terrible .
also feels very light and flimsy .
he said it would n't keep in tune at all .
we are returning it .
he liked it with the exception he was unable to play it .
the sound is disappointing to begin with .
i check the tuning again , they are fine !
what it means is that the frets are not right !
but the main instrument is very disappointing .
used a few times and the bridge broke .
very poor quality , do n't buy .
when i received it , it looks like a toy .
the quality is cheap n its all plastic .
i want a real ukulele but this product is s & ^ # !
do n't buy it if u want to play ukulele .
..unless u want a toy .
i immediately return it when i recieved it ...
this uke is cute , but it does n't hold a tune .
this thing is so cheap , as in , it 's made crappy ! !
i would not recommend this to anyone !
very disappointed on this one !
i am really mad !
my husband deserved an awesome fathers day gift and instead , he got crap !
disappointed with the construction .
do n't know how this one got past quality control .
it was more like a chuckee cheese prize than an instrument !
the ukulele strings just would n't stay put .
delivery was prompt as usual , but the product itself is garbage .
actually it never tuned in the first place .
$ 35 is over priced for such a poorly made item .
product is inexpensive which is great , but is cheap which is not .
strings are extremely hard to tune because they keep going out of tune .
the stain patterns follow the exact arc the crack appeared on .
i find this highly suspect .
very disappointed right now .
the ukelele is made out of cheap wood and it feels awful .
the strings are low quality and everything about the package screams out horrible .
i am very happy amazon has a return policy .
the smallest string apparently was n't tied on correctly and came loose overnight .
the book and dvd are helpful and throughout .
but the ukulele is cheap and sounds terrible .
i guess i got what i payed for .
it sounded and played great !
i loved it and bought it .
the sellers were nice and seemed concerned about selling an unplayable instrument .
it 's too close to christmas to waste time on this one .
hope this helps you out .
i just ordered the updated version .
when i opened the box , it had already appeared to be used .
it looks very worn .
nothing i would expect from amazon llc .
wo n't stay in tune and sounds like you are strumming a plastic toy .
it is going back .
out the gate , i 'm pretty underimpressed by the package .
it wo n't tune it 's just junk .
my little girls dora guitar is better .
very ordinary suctions , but strong .
can adjust the angle and height .
but : slides on the lap .
basically it has been impractical and unusable for me due to constant sliding .
difficult to stay on guitar
i have to adjust it every time i move one way or another .
it wo n't allow tilting towards your body .
if they would add that it would be a valuable addition to my arsenal .
i did this and it still will not keep its hold .
this product is useless and i feel like i wasted over $ 30 .
the amount of air it takes to play this whistle is totally insane .
a fife takes less !
i could n't be more disappointed in this tin whistle .
it just seems to make it more difficult to play a clear note .
any tips ... i 'll edit my review if more practice changes things .
i play a feadog d all the time and love it .
no it is n't tunable .
up the tin whistle ya 'll
didnt fit and had much worse quality than advertised .
returned it it did not fit my guitar
total waste of money .
i could never get it on the guita .
it did not fit the neck of our guitar .
does not work as i thought it would .
just a piece of expensive plastic .
gimmic ... .nice song books tho .
chordbuddy did not fit my guitar , and was hard to use .
better off using youcisian or getting lessons .
there are some great beginner lessons you youtube also .
does not fit guitar , dose not push all of the strings down .
received this earlier this month and i was eager to attach and start rocking .
first the good , great concept , books and dvd are clear and informative .
the chord buddy simply does n't work .
10 cents worth of plastic and it feels like it .
i also tried it on my semi-acoustic with the exact same results .
like i said , great concept ... ... ... but poorly executed .
difficult to register on neck .
i am really ticked off !
did n't work and it kept on slipping on strings .
played wrong strings or overlapped wrong stings .
good idea but poor design .
only reason got two stars is video good .
this product is an excellent idea .
i wish it actually worked .
the dvd was pretty great .
i think it just ca n't press the strings down hard enough .
the worst product i have ever purcased off amazon !
the plastic thumb screw broke right off the bat .
cheaply made and not worth $ 44.95 !
have returned it to amazon for a full refund .
wish they made it clear that you must measure guitar first .
too small and will cost almost $ 8 to return for refund !
got it on time .
supposed to be left handed but it 's not .
kind of a pain to get on .
doubt i would purchase this again
did n't fit so returned
i ordered it after seeing on shark tank and really hoped for the best .
sorry chordbuddy , this missed the mark .
missing the chord buddy device .
package only contained the tuner and books
does n't work on guitar
it was difficult to maneuver
horrible was broken when i received it .
would not stay in place when using the guitar .
very frustrating to say the least .
provably should have returned it .
i 'm really disappointed .
he had it installed on his fender accoustic .
adjustment of device unclear , also .
so i through it into the trash .
waste of money and time .
saw it on tv but it did n't work for me .
i could n't get the device on the guitar neck to work correctly .
very difficult to line up so you get a clear tone when using .
i finally gave up .
no matter how i put it on i get a buzzing from it .
really wanted this to work but bottom line is it dont .
i would never recommend this to anyone and am very disapointed .
i have returned the chord buddy twice now .
both times due to the tightening screw snapping .
certainly not what i was hoping for in terms of quality .
the chordbuddy is not produced as well as i had anticipated .
unfortunately , it did n't work for him .
he was not able to apply enough pressure .
that 's not the chordbuddy 's fault .
maybe it would work for others , i do n't know .
it just appeared to be cheaply made though .
not a good design , will not stay tight on guitar neck .
you 're paying nine cents apiece for those ?
i received an oscar schmidt guitar a couple years ago for christmas .
i have tinkered around but never learned to really play it .
i was excited to receive the chord buddy .
unfortunately , it did not fit my guitar .
it will be returned and the guitar will be returned to the closet .
fit the guitar good , my guitar was the right size .
i like the idea but not the actual operation .
tabs we 're different heights , rubbed together , not a quality product .
therefore can not be tightened securely .
did not like..sent back for refund
great idea poor quality .
the system will help one to get started to making music , yes !
and , a note : you do get a nice 100 song book .
guess it is worth the $ 50.00 give it a try .
hopefully your usa made will be a little better quality than what mine was .
cd does not play in either of my computers .
please do n't buy , it 's too frustrating to use
i had to return mine .
i have returned it because of a few different issues .
instead it leans and wo n't sit straight .
as i mentioned above , i purchased a 6 string guitar .
will only fit smaller guitars .
did not fit my daughters .
i was very disappointed with the quality of the product .
my husband received this as a gift through amazon .
the dvd does n't navigate right on any of our computers .
still no instructions as to navigate on a computer .
disappointed , that we were sucked in again by a bunch of tv hype .
dont waste $ 35 ! !
this product is a joke .
it is made out of a flimsy plastic .
in theory , it should work , but in reality it does not .
definitely not worth anywhere near the price they ask for it .
somebody on shark tank is making millions .
what a piece of crap-do n't waste your money ! !
iam dissatisfied with the cord buddy it dose not fit right .
i installed like the dvd said and the plastic screw .
tht holds it on .
hard to fasten to guitar and kept giving false readings
nice idea , but it really does n't work .
you really do n't feel like you are making anything that sounds like music .
it was a waste of money .
i spent more time adjusting the chordbuddy than actually playing .
mine started to crack on day three .
honestly was not what i expected at all .
plastic not very sturdy and cheap .
would n't by this product again .
directions were very confusing and were not clear .
it did n't bring the cd .
how am i supposed to use it ?
after i received it , i found it only works with 3 chords .
junk.. save your money .
does not fit on guitar and is confusing to learn
even adjusting it out ... .it was too small .
so ... this was only rated low because we could not use it .
does n't fit my guitar .
cord buddy did not work for me .
it was not a helpful product .
not very well constructed .
did not seat well at all on the guitar .
i immeadiately sent back and got a refund !
i was so disappointed !
flimsy and wo n't stay in place .
it took 4 ever to arrive .
my tuning snark arrived in two days ; tuned guitar with no chord contraption .
i should have known better .
i 've done better learning power chords and basic chords on youtube .
oh well , you live and learn .
any positive reviews have to be fake .
do n't waste your money .
mines heading back tomorrow .
this is not worth the money , flimsy construction .
difficult to attach to guitar properly .
make sure you measure your guitar neck .
can not be over 1 3/4 inches wide .
other wise it wo n't work .
product came on time that was plus .
fitted well on my guitar .
but that was when things went down hill .
tired taking off th rubber boots , tried adjusting it .
nothing seems to work .
waste of money i should have listened to th people in th other reviews .
be warner do n't buy this ! !
does n't fit my guitar ca n't use .
didnt work on her guitar .
just did n't work as it said it would
it might work on some guitars , but not mine .
i guess i 'll learn to play the harmonica .
sadly , it did not fit any of my four guitars .
it fits the base to one of them but does n't actually work .
definitely do n't recommend .
this product doesnt work .
its not worth buying .
i bought 2 of them and they both did the same thing .
did not fit on jr or regular guitar neck ... disappointment .
this product is still in need of further development .
string buzzing on my acoustic guitar .
did n't fit right .
great concept , not so good on the execution .
this thing is a piece of junk .
made very cheap , i guess that is part of the shark tank marketing .
when it moves it makes the strings buzz or sound off key .
would not spend money on it again .
i play guitar , but was buying it for my grandson .
in plain english it do n't work
wish i had of kept the invoice , i would have sent it back..
poor quality , constantly falls off .
not very durable at all .
it does not attached to the guitar chord well and expensive .
too much breakable plastic .
i bought this for my son to learn how to play the guitar .
also that it wanted you to read the music not the cords .
otherwise , it is not worth the plastic it is molded from .
tried to remove a rubber boot , ripped .
did not come with enough replacement boots .
i do not recommend .
did not work on guitar .
biggest piece of garbage there is .
cheap plastic that does n't work .
disappointed chordbuddy would not fit my wife 's hohner guitar .
it would not accommodate the wider string spacing .
it would have been better to by chordbuddy with the guitar as a package .
not what i expected would not recomend
rubber pieces were not level if that makes sense .
plastic pieces stuck together , felt it was cheaply made .
loved the concept , wish it would have worked .
no am returning the product .
also , the one i received was not what was pictured in the instructional dvd
very disappointed in product .
difficult to properly attach to guitar .
device sits on strings and muffles sounds .
not what i expected .
it 's now sitting in my drawer .
it allows you to play 5 different chords .
much better to take lessons .
installation instructions leave a lot to be desired .
not very well made .
really does n't clamp the neck well .
i was so psyched when i saw it on sharktank .
cheap and flimsy ... .
did not fit my guitar correctly even though my guitar neck was within limits .
needs to tighten to the neck better .
would absolutely not fit right and hit strings it should not or blocked others .
i followed all directions and really wanted to give this a shot .
not worth any amount of money .
promises great things but ca n't even start using it .
ummm do n't get it .
would not and could not get it to work properly on standard size guitar .
i hate this wasted of money .
it does not work and the company will not return my emails .
i wanted to return the waste of money and get my money back .
had to adjust everytime you pressed down on colored tabs .
was loose after each use for a young person it 's hard to use .
i am not real impressed with this product .
did not help me at all .
the instruction video is not don very well .
i have 2 acustic guitars and i couldnot make it work on either one .
i tried without the tabs and it still would not work .
a waste of money .
never got it to work properly .
very unhappy with it .
it was a waste of money .
i would not recommend this
the concept is good the application is poor
i 've tried this on at least four different guitars .
i wish i could get my money back .
if this is easy installation ; i 'm glad they did n't over complicate .
instructions on dvd are slim and on paper even worse .
i would not recommend this 5 cents worth of plastic for any one .
this thing is not recommended for people with high blood pressure or heart problems .
if you buy it get case of beer before trying to install .
the concept is great but unfortunately it 's made cheap .
for the price , i expected higher quality .
my suggestion is to hang on to your money .
the chord buddy did not fit either one !
apparently , it fits `` most '' guitars -- so be careful !
maybe a quick call to the manufacturer will help .
they would be smart to track the guitars it does not work on .
do n't waste your time getting this .
is made out of cheap stuff .
not happy with this product wish i could return it
hard to keep in place on the guitar .
would not recommend this product .
do n't waste your money .
it was cheap plastic and the chords sound terrible .
a waste of money i will keep practicing and learn the real way
very flimsy and hard to use .
i would not recommend it to anyone .
a total waste of money on my part
i ordered it for my wife for christmas .
it did not fit her guitar .
it was n't big enough to fit around the neck .
she was very disappointed .
the principle i get ... however , the little hammers slide off the strings .
do n't bother , it does n't fit well and is cumbersome to use .
just not adjustable enough.. probably works well on certain guitars..
great concept , cheaply made .
i had higher hopes from a product shown on shark tank !
it did n't fit correctly onto the guitar .
both kits showed up without the dvd 's in them .
without a complete kit , you ca n't complete the home study coarse .
ca n't get the cord buddy attached to guitar .
i do n't believe this product is workable .
how do i returnthe cord buddy ?
this is very hard to use .
it does not stay in place .
it is very expensive and does not help to play the guitar .
do n't be fooled .
this thing is crap .
do n't buy it .
does n't fit right at all .
do n't waste your $ $ .
the shark tank show made it look effortless , but it 's crap .
good concept but cheaply made product .
this product is definitely not worth the money .
i have not been able to get it to work .
it only comes with grey booties .
in my opinion do n't waste your money on this thing .
did not work on my guitar .
instruction video showed better item .
i returned the product .
otherwise seems to be an intereting product .
i have no problem with the product itself .
i paid for a new chord buddy and was sent a used one .
the package was opened and taped closed .
you should recieve what you paid for ... ... ... ...
bought this as a christmas gift for my son who is taking guitar lessons .
it did not fit properly on the guitar .
it was snug on two cords but not all .
wanted to return it , but could n't .
poorly made , i have six guitars does n't work on any of them .
complete waste of time and money.good idea that was poorly executed
sorely disappointed ... ..did n't return simply so no one else gets this bamboozled .
it is not a learning system or practice aid .
never mind that no account is taken in about rhythm and strumming .
the john rich video is so misleading about playing a song .
-- -as if those are the only chords in songs .
what about key signatures ?
sharps and flats in notes and chords ?
it 's a novelty .
you have to have a teacher to learn an instrument .
the student dumped the toy and stayed with me .
unfortunately i was wrong .
only one chord would play clearly .
the buddy would stay tight for a couple of chords then slip down again .
i like the idea but the execution is poor .
maybe they 'll come out with a more stable and less cheaply made product .
until then i would n't recommend .
i gave this every possible opportunity and just can not make it work .
i would love to see how those who are happy use theirs .
the cheapness of the plastic might be the culprit .
it 's probably a good idea that was ruined in poor quality offshore manufacturing .
maybe if it were just a little higher quality it might work .
it was broking when i got it .
and they never tryed to get it back to fix it .
they lied about it .
it has n't met our expectations at all .
the neck on my guitar is 2 inch wide .
chord buddy did n't fit .
i forced it on , but it wo n't touch the 6th string .
strings are 7/16 inch apart .
booty 's miss strings or hit stings not needed .
will try old school with cd .
bad to start with .
upon receiving chord buddy , it was faulty .
it cost way too much for a thing that does n't even function properly .
was not constructed to fit well on the guitar .
the unit kept slipping and would not hold adjustments after a minute of playing .
i sent an email to the support site but never recevied an answer .
not happy with the product .
i was hoping it would be easier to attach to my guitar .
additionally , the knob for tightening down on the neck was missing .
not worth the money .
would n't pay $ 5 for this .
cheaply made , difficult to install .
thought this would be a cool item .
constantly have to adjust the thing to get a clean strum .
i did n't receive all the parts indicated in the instructions .
i found this more trouble than it is worth .
bummer , really wanted it to work .
had truoble with chord buddy touching the strings .
tried different ways to mount it with no success .
does not work as advertised on my guitar .
not a very well made product .
more frustrating than it is worth !
it really is worth about 5 dollars !
i would not recommend purchasing it .
pay for real lessons !
guess i can use it to learn notes and ignore how it sounds .
i actually returned it and received a full refund .
please do not waste your money on this product .
not made of high quality .
should be made of metal so it does n't feel like it will break .
needs 2 sizes for selling .
one for larger neck and one for slender neck .
it does not fit correctly .
my elderly father is bored so he wanted this for christmas .
i thought w the sharks involved it would have been of much higher quality .
i love the sharks ! !
( tv program ) those people are awesome unlike the guitar buddy .
my hat is still off to the inventor though .
just needs more money put into it .
and the song books need to be more simple .
like g with a circle to press that button etc .
read the bad reviews .
back to the drawing board .
great concept and will probably work with some guitars .
neuropathy took away my ability to play chords .
i was hoping this product might allow me to ply a little .
my major gripe 9s with the chord selection available .
check that out before you buy .
may be fine for you .
it is made of very cheap plastic .
it works ok , but you have to be constantly readjusting it .
maybe its because its cracked .
it feels cheap and you have to constantly adjust it .
dvd is pretty basic too .
try to find something else with better quality .
i removed and reinstalled it several times before it would work at all .
fits guitar neck poorly .
moves laterlally at slightest touch .
impossible to adjust so all strings are clear .
good idea but poorly made .
i have yet to get this thing to work .
i ca n't even get it to stay on the guitar .
great consept , sorry construction .
i bought it for my grandson and i am so disappointed .
it is the biggest waste of money that i have every spent .
once i received this item and tried it out there was only extreme disappointment .
will never recommend this to anyone wanting to learn to play a guitar
chordbuddy was a waste of money .
i 'm so disappointed .
it does n't fit my guitar .
may i return it ?
please give me an address to return it to .
i was not able to attach it to my accoustic guitar .
i went to a guitar store and they could n't do it either .
i am so disappointed , as i looked forward to using it .
it was n't it made it almost harder
cheap plastic that did n't fit on my acoustic guitar !
not as it was shown on tv .
still continue to try and see how it goes .
would n't fit on 3 different guitars ?
what more can i say ?
lent it to a friend .
would n't fit his guitar ?
very unhappy , does not stay in place on guitar .
does not adjust properly .
therefore ... , does not play chords clean .
it seems like a good idea ... .but did not work well for me .
used it on a four different gutars .
it fit none of them well enough to stay attached .
when pressing the keys they did not match the strings and sounded really bad .
it looked promising but failed all the way round .
good idea but poor workmanship ruined it .
go back to the drawing board and try again .
i recently saw the chordbuddy on shark tank and really was intrigued .
the product i got seemed like it had already been used .
after i installed and began to play i was very disappointed .
i should have listened to previous buyers .
good luck and happy guitar playing !
could never get it to fit properly on my guitar and i really tried .
instructional video with travis is also lacking .
there are no shortcuts to playing guitar .
you just have to practice and take lessons from a good teacher .
my recommendation is to save your money and use it for real lessons instead .
as others have mentioned it is cheap / poorly made .
this caused some strings to not be depressed the same as others .
worked with it for about an hour and put it away .
first we could n't get it on the guitar to play the cords correctly .
nothing we did worked and yes , we did watch the dvd .
so how can it fit standard guitars if they 're all different ?
i returned it and am learning the old school way .
it was just not as easy as it was made out to be .
does not do what it says it will do .
he was on shark tank twice and the sharks thought he was great .
i am sure they lost their investment on this cheap piece of plastic .
i hope no one buys anymore , i am sooo disappointed ! !
great idea but poorly made .
the plastic hits the strings causing an annoying buzz .
it was not packaged as advertised and was missing parts .
when you held down the color tab it did n't touch all the chords .
this product sounds like a great beginners guide .
i say ditch the chord buddy and use some free online teaching tools .
there is nothing i can say about chordbuddy .
if they ever make one that fits my guitar i will buy it .
the concept is good but in reality it was a flop .
this chord buddy is not a good training tool .
no real guitarist would use this .
do n't waste your time or money .
do you want to learn how to play guitar or just memorize colored buttons ?
would not recommend this product to nobody .
string actions did not play chord properly .
really thin cheaply made chord buddy .
found it cheaply made and clumpsy to use .
did not fit my folk guitar very well .
am 68 years old .
had a similar unit for my ukelele when a youngster .
got the chordbuddy for my grandson .
i tried this on multiple guitars , both nylon and steel stringed .
the unit was not stable on any of the guitars ' neck .
in other words a total waste of money .
i would pay double if it was a quality device .
great idea - but c'mon.. sell me something that actually functions.. too bad..
but unfortunately from all 3 guitars they did not fit ! !
i 'm gon na keep trying until i get it right .
if i can not , hopefully i will be able to get a refund .
cheap plastic , pressure pads missing and broken .
a waste of $ 40 .
it sure looked goog on shark tank .
it did not do what i expected.its not worth what i paid for .
glad i only purchase one .
might as well just learn to play the guitar , it would be easier .
this is a fair warning the product sucks !
at least for me .
it never worked even after having a replacement .
tried contacting chord buddy itself but they are no help !
the customer service sounded like some lady just answering her home phone .
not a professional place .
i tried to get help through facebook on the chord buddy site .
it seemed like he helped people there but i got no reply from him .
it was so far a waste of money big time .
it sits under my bed in a box now collecting dust .
wish i never wasted the time .
thats what i get for watching shark tank .
amazon and shipping was great as expected .
the cord buddy did n't work as expected .
i admit it is a great idea but needs lots of improvement .
.i believe it would discourage any new beginner .
i had to make shims so it would fit tight on my guitar .
i would not purchase one of these again .
i did n't know how to rate this item .
we have not been able to get it connected properly on the guitar .
it just does not fit properly and does not make completed chords .
the sounds it does make are not pleasing .
it is nothing like what we saw on a local t.v .
i guess at 78 years of age he should try something easier .
i feel bad that this product is fooling so many .
do n't want sore fingers ?
spend two weeks and you 'll get your callus 's .
consider it a rite of passage .
do n't want callus 's ?
do n't play guitar .
this is just another gimmick .
that is the bottom line .
technically speaking , learning your chords is muscle recognition .
t hey might be ok except you cant keep them on the guitar .
you have to keep readjusting it all the time almost after every song .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i would not recommend this product .
it did not come close to fitting my guitar .
it was a waste of money !
i bought this for my wife for her birthday .
we had seen it on shark tank and really wanted to like it .
i 've been playing guitar for about 4 years .
i tried it on two different acoustics .
they both have decent set ups .
there was terrible buzzing when using the chord buddy .
the plastic felt cheap and the whole thing felt flimsy .
this is horrible period .
i have had several professional musicians try and help me out .
it will not firmly attach to any of my guitars .
it has a tendency to wobble on all the guitars that i own .
i would much appreciate my refund as this was not a cheap item !
why is it called chord buddy ? ?
but you know how to strum your guitar .
as with others had a hard time on two different guitars getting proper fit .
i have attempted to tighten the chord buddy , again without success .
again , i have attempted to tighten the chord buddy without success .
when i try to correct that , i.e .
i put this on a standard guitar with little hope .
the cd that comes with the book is only for older computers .
the company ( i called ) that does n't real care !
i wasted my money..save yours !
this item does not fit all guitars .
i tried it on two different guitars and it did not work .
i wish i had looked for those reviews before purchasing .
more than likley i would not recomed this product to a friend .
it simply does n't work .
last time i buy anything promoted on shark tank .
this item did not fit my guitar !
did not fit , did not fit
it did not sound good .
i had a proffesional guitar player try it and he had the same results .
i wish it would have sounded better becauce the idea is great .
i am having trouble getting the chords to play cleanly .
it seems a little cheap to me .
when i saw this on shark tank i thought this would be perfect .
if i ever figure out what the problem is i will update .
need someone or something to help you get started ?
good luck with that .
are there videos on youtube to give you an out line ?
who the heck knows .
nothing is mentioned about it at the web sight .
how about operating the `` preform a track '' software ?
i thought the `` preform a track '' i downloaded was defective .
so who is giving all those glowing recommendations about this product ?
makes you wonder though , how come those people did n't mention these issues ?
it does n't represent all the chords .
it did not fit any guitar well enough to work properly .
great concept , faulty design & extremely poor quality .
does not fit all guitars .
does not function properly .
best thing about this product was they gave me my money back .
because it did not work on my guitar as advertised , would not recommend .
needs better design and construction .
it does n't work would like to return but do n't know how .
it is impossible to hold the colored keys down to strum the chord .
i followed travis ' instructions via supplied dvd , but still was not successful .
in retrospect , i should have waited for a 4g version of this ...
tried it on two different guitars .
did n't work on either .
the dvd says there are two different size boots .
if there are different sizes they should be different colors to tell them apart .
i guess my guitar is considered a classical guitar .
the neck is to wide and `` chord buddy '' wo n't fit .
description should state supported neck width in measurements not guitar style .
most people buying this are new to guitars and might not know exact specifications .
good idea but i should have read more reviews .
again , good idea it just wo n't work .
measure your guitar and call them before ordering .
video states it comes with tabs that touch the strings .
mine came with only grey .
i do n't think the item works properly .
i happily purchased it but i 'm not satisfied with the unit .
the video and books provided are excellent .
it does not work as simply as advertized .
when hitting one cord it also hits another string and direction are confusing .
now why is that ?
made so cheaply and does not clamp on neck and stay .
it arrived in record time .
the plastic is inferior , and the construction overall is lack-luster .
but as is , do not buy ! ! !
i can n't even use this on my guitar .
the teaching dvd is of poor quality .
this was the worst transaction i have ever had with amazon .
i believe that he should say which button is next in his teaching .
my son ( 12 ) did not like this product at all .
he found the dvd boring and wanted to play more updated music .
overall i would not recommend this for young people .
found it very difficult to set up on guitar .
i had high hopes for this .
i have light guitar experience before i got it .
as soon as i used it i knew there were going to be problems .
it took me all of 15 minutes to figure out this was garbage .
1. it is made out of extremely cheap plastic which could easily break .
2. it needs to be secured to the guitar in a better fashion .
i would consider it a waste of money .
besides that , its way over priced for what it is .
i would demand that it be made correctly or not at all .
there seems to be a lot of good reviews , so good for them .
and it is a great premise , the books/dvd are very well done .
where it falls short for me is in the actual device .
but the major flaw is how it attaches to the guitar .
one wonders what would have happened if they had used better materials ?
update : figured i 'd post this , maybe it will help others .
the biggest fix came in keeping the chord buddy from tilting down .
this gives it enough tension so as to not continually flop down .
while it now works , i ca n't give a better grade .
for this much money , it should work well out of the box .
second update : i also picked up a copy of rocksmith .
if there was a money back guarantee i would want mine back .
pushing on 2 of the buttons deadens the strings next to it .
the rubber mounts came off right away and i had to reglue them .
i wasted my hard earned money on some one that wants to get rich .
shame on you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
saw this advertised on the show sharks .
i thought it was agood idea .
i still think its a great idea but i think it needs some more tweaking
unfortunately , i was a little disappointed in the product .
it is a little flimsey and not that easy to put on and off .
and , he really enjoyed the idea , but does not fit his guitar .
: ( i guess this is just for junky guitars and not good ones .
i hope i get my money back on a return .
do n't buy the chord buddy .
waste of money and time .
if you want to learn how to play guitar , just get lessons .
i bought this for my husband and it was an epic failure .
it did n't fit his guitar !
i totally wasted my money .
it is very cheaply made , especially considering its cost .
i spent hours of frustration trying to make it work on two different guitars .
i contacted the factory twice , neither time receiving any useful information .
there should be more rubber feet included in more sizes .
i had to shim the bracket out to correct this .
this causes some of the feet to be too close to the strings .
amazing how his sounds so good on the videos .
the one he uses does not look like the one i have though .
i 'm a music therapist and wanted an adaptive chord playing tool for clients .
i own a standard guitar and it does not fit .
it is a waste of money .
i wish i was informed specifically what guitars this actually will work on !
save yourself the hassle and do not get this product .
it did not fit my yamaha guitar - fyi .
it 's also pretty cheaply made .
i was excited to see this product when it was featured on shark tank .
i tried contacting the seller three times for return authorization and got no response .
not every successful transaction you see on shark tank is legit .
i think they 're going to lose money on this one !
i tried several different ways to remedy these problems with no luck .
i hope they put in more time to develop the product .
the engineering leaves a lot to be desired .
in principle , it is a very good idea .
if you purchased this product , and are not happy .
let the manufacturer know about it .
it can be corrected .
the knob on the turn screw is also missing .
bought this through amazon .
any suggestions to this problem .
i downloaded it on my windows 10 computer for free and works just fine .
last time i checked , it 's still free .
the fact that someone is charging anything for it is mind boggling .
audacity is a free program .
i do n't understand how anyone obtained the rights to profit from it .
if i am missing something here i will change my rating .
worst buying experience for musical instrument on the internet .
let me put it this way .
bad , bad , bad !
the holes are not aligned with the top part .
from f to high c sounds decent .
from f to low c ( especially the low c ) , awful !
it gave a scratchy sound , more similar to a whistle .
do not waste your money on this recorder .
it is pretty , but poorly made .
ca n't get a clean note out of it to save your life .
some of the notes do n't work at all ... nothing but air/no sound .
i threw mine in the trash 5 minutes after i bought it .
it was n't even worth the time and money to return it .
its going to cost me more to fix it then the item cost .
music slides around do you ca n't tell which string to pluck .
bought as a christmas present for my son .
lap harp is impossible to tune and essentially is unusable .
when i went to return it today , it was not eligible for return .
my son is very disappointed !
pretty annoyed i got this out 2 days before christmas to tune .
it 's supposed to be the present from santa for my daughter .
we have the pick and the extra wire .
not easy to follow - i returned .
i took years of music lessons and purchased this for music loving granddaughter .
came untuned and was impossible to tune .
it is a gift - so getting it like that is not acceptable .
not tuned right , and no instructions of how to tune it .
also , no instructions of how to play it .
do you pluck one string , or strum it like an auto harp ?
also the product says made in mexico right on it !
i sent it back .
the instrument i received is untunable .
the pegs slip as soon as i release the tuning peg .
i am a professional musician and very accustomed to tuning instruments like these .
i was not really surprised though , due to the inexpensive price tag .
and i am a guitar player ... .
this instrument is literally garbage .
it is not tuned well and very hard to pluck
it does n't tune right .
two of the tuners wo n't stay put and ca n't be tuned .
will be trying to return it .
tried to cancel when it came up on email that evening .
tolde it was to late .
arrived out of tune with no instructions .
beware , the harp comes out of tune .
even if you slowly try to tune it , the strings break .
looks like the harp was never tuned by the company .
i will use the harp as a spare , had to buy another one .
make sure you have a supply of wire strings , they break very easily .
missing all sheets of music , making it useless to teach music .
2. the song sheets do not fit well .
pro -- it is an interesting conversation piece on the shelf .
quality is not that great .
impossible to get into tune and stay in tune .
but his one is not .
i am not a professional musician , but i 'm not uneducated either .
i bought mine from a toy store but purchased hers on amazon .
fell out of tune .
could not get it back .
i 'm quite disappointed .
the music sheets are fun and he adores picking out tunes .
and by long , i mean more than a few songs .
i would love this harp if only it would stay in tune .
even staying in tune for a day or two would be better .
i returned it immediately .
you can not tune it and the sound of tinny .
do not buy this .
many strings are tarnished , too .
i thought it might be a fluke so i bought a second one .
he broke that one in about half an hour .
these headphones are great at first -- but they suffer from a design flaw .
both of mine broke .
bottom line -- look else ware for headphones .
i am on my second set of these headphones .
the speakers are second to none but the head band is pure junk .
i have no kids in the house so the headphones were never abused .
these things are discontinued .
when they were in production the srp was $ 149 .
you could find these all over the internet and dj shops for $ 90-100 .
they are good dj headphones but are made from cheap plastic .
i went through 4 pairs of these .
$ 129 for a used pair = ripoff !
whoever is selling these for $ 379 needs to go see a doctor .
the sad thing is someone will buy them .
a sucker is born everyday !
these headphones did not last 1 year .
i 'm a dj and i do alot of gigs .
after a few months the joints by the earpiece broke .
i taped them up , as the wire was still connected .
a few weeks later , during a party , the left side broke .
i love the sound , but the build quality sucked .
they are pretty heavy for over the ear headphones too .
now the padding is starting to crack and chip away .
i have to toss these out now .
do yourself a favor and buy another set of headphones .
plastic parts are made out of cheap , thin , bad quality plastic .
universal joint ( swivel ) broke after short use of headphones .
can not use headphones .
but the sound was good .
the sound from these headphones is great .
they have good bass without muddiness and good high range as well as volume .
the sound isolation is decent , but not great .
sony should redesign these headphones .
this product is garbage .
bought a pair and the left earcup t-bone snapped after 1 month of usage .
do n't waste your money on these .
purchase the technics rp-dh1200 - dj headphones .
the mdrv700 left ear piece stopped working entirely within 60 days .
here 's my review breakdown : general sound : is this a joke ?
the base overpowered everything and made my mids and highs sound muffled and lost .
to suggest that these headphones were made for dj 's is laughable .
they would never hold up to professional use .
i had mine only a few weeks before they began developing cracks .
what a shame sony paired first-rate electronics with a dollar store-quality plastic frame .
they looked so sturdy .
they sound pretty good .
i could hear something cracking but i could n't see where the crack was .
i 'm glad i only paid $ 40 us
the rating of two stars is probably just about right .
especially troublesome is the funky off/on switch .
it needs a light indicator .
i 'd search for other mikes .
do your research before you buy these .
never again will i buy sony headphones .
a much lesser secondary problem is it requires an aa battery .
bought this to use with my minidisc recorder from like 8 years ago .
just buy a shure sm57/sm58 and 1/4 to 1/8 adapter .
they 're really hit or miss depending on what you listen to .
but these are not worth $ 90 .
they literally crush your ears .
also , the swivel cup design on these is poorly executed .
it totally did n't look like it would last .
these have been my main headphones for years .
the sound quality is ok. the problem is they are _extremely_ uncomfortable .
you have to keep shifting them around to make them more comfortable .
the top band is heavy and hard .
the construction on these is n't amazing either .
they are pretty creaky .
and with all that , they are way overpriced .
i have n't tried any other dj headphones .
recently i decided that enough was enough and i needed something more comfortable .
and actually , they isolate sound better too .
the first few months of owning these headphones they were great !
but after that they decided to blow on me .
a few of my friends have had the same model and the same problem .
i wo n't buy these ever again .
iam a musician and i desperately wanted a good microphone .
the gain on this mic is horrible .
on the minuses , this thing is bulky and super heavy .
had these for a few years and sounded nice .
it 's a bit heavy .
then , the plastic cracked where the swivel is .
made of cheap plastic .
i agree with the previous review .
i would like to add a few things though .
the ear pads also cracked / flaked off shortly after the hinges gave way .
the hinge is delicate and virtually impossible to fix by hand .
or some other higher quality sennheisers .
por favor , necesito que se me tramite el credito .
mine broke in 4 different places !
they do n't even cancel noise very well !
why then do you see all the big djs with these headphones you ask ?
they sound great , look great , and do n't crack after three months .
there is no doubt that these look and sound good .
i treat my equipment w/ kid gloves .
the design is defective , and they will break on you !
stay clear of this garbage , and do n't be fooled by the looks .
i upgraded from the standard issue ipod earbuds .
the plastic on the hinge/swivel device is completely inadequate for its purpose .
mine lasted only about a month .
the sound still sounds fine , but the swivels are in shambles .
dont buy these if you want them for longer than a couple of months .
for the price , the longevity of these is a shame .
revised : 2/5 stars for me
this is typical of sony 's disregard for customers ' concerns .
they would n't honor their own parts-only warranty , either .
i 've been boycotting sony ever since - and you should , too !
who makes good headphones ?
their customer service is superb !
... on the right ear cup after the first week .
these headphones would be pretty good if the construction was n't so shoddy .
these are n't cheap either at $ 90 .
the bass is really heavy on these .
the build quality is not that great .
i think they look really cool .
these are designed for dj 's .
the sennheiser hd600 ( $ 260 ) are some of the best around .
sony headphones are notorious for the ear pads falling apart .
always listen before you buy , everyone has different preferences in sound .
i picked up an old stereo receiver for $ 30 .
i have had them for only one year , and the cable has broken .
the sound , while good , was not worth the extra cash .
the headphones you want are the $ 75 ones made by sennheiser .
amazon.com carries them , so get them instead !
there is an inherent flaw in the quality of the construction .
do yourself a favor and invest your money in a product that will last !
a year ago , i purchase this exact product that was made in japan .
right now , they are made in the philippines .
i only knew this after purchasing one unit days ago .
the current model sounded so inferior .
without comparison , everything stands acceptable .
zero complaints on that .
the comfort took some getting used to .
the problem is on the plastic joints .
the real problem here is that they have lots of tiny plastic joints .
i do not recommend these..
this is probably built into the design .
this happened to me after just over one year of light use
do the right thing , do n't buy these !
you 'll be happy you listened to my advice !
i just broke my second pair of these headphones .
i will never buy another pair of sony v700s again .
i also wear glasses and can only comfortably use them for 5-10 minutes .
neither set lasted longer than a year and a half .
i would recomend sennheiser 280 , technics 1200 , or the pioneers over these .
if you must go with sonys go with the 7506s .
not as loud but much more durable as well as comfortable .
this flute does n't have correct tones .
do n't waste your money
i believe so is off key
oh god my ears ...
hard to get all the notes to play .
i bought it for my grandchild and hoped it would be a better quality .
dont buy this if you value your safety .
use only if you have a good purpose for it , not for fun .
they are extremely powerful .
like magneto , they should be avoided .
sound is not what i expected
i found the recorder to be of low quality and poor tone .
i am returning it .
i am not that musical .
played clarinet many years ago but ca n't hit any notes on this .
my three year old grandson loves blowing on it though .
i bought this for my son who will use it at school .
this recorder does not have correct tones .
its fa and sol are completely off .
i have to purchase another one but it wo n't be a yamaha .
it seems to me everyone got exceptional instrument except me .
i do n't understand what 's so great about this guitar .
action is just horrible .
i mean , look at 12 fret its 10 millimeters .
of course , you can play on this guitar , i do .
but it 's hard .
i suppose , one should n't expect much from $ 100 dollars instrument .
but i repeat , it 's not great .
now about bass strings .
they sound bassy , as i suppose , they must .
but the thing is their bassines overpower trebles .
trebles sound unproportionally weak .
and yes , yes .
but action on this instrument still kills my fingers .
i will send it back , and buy myself inexpensive spanish brand .
the package was also not insulated well and the cover comes off .
i purchased this for my husbands birthday so this was hugely disappointing .
i bought this for my husband as a birthday present .
the neck of the guitar was completely broken off .
i 'm very upset that his gift was broken and has to be returned .
i first played the c40 last year .
it was a great guitar for the money .
i ordered one last month .
to my dismay , i noticed that the new c40 was manufactured much differently .
apparently , the quality has gone way down .
not much tonal quality .
perhaps this was a bad factory run , but i was disappointed .
this played like a different guitar .
cheap plastic strings ... two tuning pegs do n't work .
spend a lil cash and get something good .
yamaha is a good brand.. just not this line .
i own several yamaha musical instruments .
also , it could not be played in tune-i.e .
the fret/nut/bridge alignment was off .
i suppose this is typical for a $ 100 entry level guitar .
perhaps i got a bad one .
the classical guitar has to be made of wood .
well do not do it !
because i doubt you will learn it ever .
first of all buy the real spanish guitar .
spanish guitars , even the cheapest made toward sound , not toward look .
it is like a car that make only left turn .
listen to the actual instrument .
if you like the sound take it !
these little beat-box programs are only toys .
i was so excited about this for my little ones .
everyone in the room got sick and we had to take it outside immediately .
returning it and actually so upset about it i am writing reviews everywhere .
most seemed very favorable .
she also noticed that it won a dr. toy award .
each key had approximately 1 inch of movement in all directions .
the piano arrived broken .
one of the keys is completely inoperable .
the music rest had been broken off and is no longer functional .
do n't understand why it cuts out and comes back ?
good retailer - no issue there .
ah , but monster has a lifetime warranty , you say ?
then i requested an ra number for my address .
monster wo n't deliver to a box , only a real street address .
no , i 'd have to pay the postage .
last monster product i buy , and i told them that .
okay , but what about attracting and keeping paying customers ?
i found it while trying to find their contact and warranty info .
save some bucks and do n't pay for hype .
the magix customer support was not able to offer a solution .
the program only supports a few drives .
later plextors made in the last year are not supported .
hp drives are the only later model drives that are supported .
had to move many of the markers to the correct location .
buzz box ... .punted it .
as a professional keyboard player , i have used many sustain pedals .
many are unreliable , even the more expensive ones .
i have attempted online remedies to no effect .
it has unfortunately been too long since my original purchase to return the item .
the fc5 is not compatible with casio wk-210 .
sustained notes when not pressed .
i tried all suggestions in the reviews and nothing helped .
going to return it .
tried unplugging it and plugging it back in .
i tried literally anything but it did n't work .
does n't work with casio ctk-2400 .
the sustain does the opposite of what you want when connected .
ca n't adjust the polarity like other models out there .
it needs to be normally open .
this is not an electronic or programming issue with the keyboard .
it is simply a mechanical problem .
i 'm going to modify it by inverting the switch .
it is not worth the trouble to return it to amazon .
it is a chance i took when i purchased it .
yamaha is a good brand , but not the right pedal .
i can fix this .
wo n't work for guitar !
description does n't say that !
nicely made pedal but it is not compatible with our casio digital keyboard .
( sustains when just plugged in and stops when you press the pedal ) .
should say what brands this works with as it implies it works with all .
does n't work and seller wo n't accept a return .
i am using yamaha pedals for all my keyboards .
this one is a disappointment .
i tried all the tricks others suggested .
does n't seem to be what i needed .
read reviews which showed many , many others folks were having similar problems .
i should have read reviews first : ( very unhappy with the item
i 've just set it aside , worthless
i wish that i had known that before ordering that sustain foot pedal .
nice , solid pedal with the unfortunate lack of a physical polarity switch .
i can confirm that it functions opposite than it should ( i.e .
be advised : this sustain pedal does not have a polarity switch .
so the reverse of the sustain may happen , depending on your keyboard .
yes , i tried several online remedies , however , to now avail .
the pedal was in good shape and looked brand new .
however , the functions were reversed .
it would sustain without me pushing down on it .
was n't what i expected
i have to press the pedal down to stop .
not happy , would n't recommend it .
i wish i would have saved the box so i could 've returned it .
it holds notes a long time without it being pressed down on ,
do n't waste your time buying this .
it always was up = sustain , and down = off .
yamaha makes great stuff .
it worked great the first 2 days i had it .
but that only lasted about a week .
now the pedal does n't even work ! ! ! !
so i would just spend the extra money and buy the more exspencive pedal .
ridiculous that this is not mentioned in the product description .
sustain pedal sticks even with the screws loosened .
not compatible with my brand new korg krome !
i 'll stick with livewire pedals .
less money and compatible with all my keyboards .
would give it more stars but it quit working .
i only had it about a month or less and it stopped working .
anyone have any ideas how to fix it ?
plugged this into the yamaha ypg 235 and nothing happens .
it simply does n't work .
no sustain with pedal pressed or released .
absolutely no instructions or documentation came with the pedal .
did not work for my casio 3200
first time i ordered this sustain pedal , it did not function properly .
pressing the pedal ended the sound .
so i returned this one and got a replacement .
this really surprises me coming from yamaha .
had to return this one .
some pedals have a reverse polarity switch - this pedal does not .
just what i wanted -- works great
it 's also very bulky and does n't travel well for gigs .
works great , as good or better than the original and much less expensive
we followed instructions , but it did n't work .
had to return it back .
does not work with guitar gear , only keyboards .
this is an original yamaha product .
the foot pedal seemed to be reversed .
i 'm using this with mainstage 3 via an akai mpk249 .
the good : feels sturdy , mechanics are smooth .
i 'll have to return it and give the moog expression pedal a try .
or you may have better results with a better pedal .
positives : it 's well-made and durable .
it did n't work ! ! !
cheaply constructed- not worthy to be offered on amazon
the pedal is reversed .
did not fit keyboard .
can i still return it ?
did n't work at all
i have a casio ctk-601 and this did work in reverse .
i tried all the tricks people were saying the comments i.e .
and none of those worked .
so i ended up rewiring it by switching the two copper connections .
this ended up not working and required rotating the wiring towards the spring .
is the casio ctk-601 just not supported ?
aside from those issues the pedal itself seems of good build quality .
this pedal works the opposite of normal pedals .
it sustains when left alone , and is staccato when pressed .
it 's a very important and fairly rudimentary thing to get right .
i 'd give zero stars if it were possible .
i used it at one gig , worked fine .
it simply stopped working .
it also moves around in the floor .
i much rather prefer other kinds of pedals that feel like real piano pedals .
it may only work with a yamaha keyboard .
most foot switches have a `` normally open '' set of contact .
that is to say ; when you step on the switch the contacts close .
this foot switch is the opposite .
the sounds did n't trigger until the press was released .
so you 'd have to press , then release to get your sound .
definitely not good for that usage .
does not work - i need to return it .
not sure what is wrong with it but does not work .
i hooked this up to my novation remote sl as an expression pedal .
maybe this is how piano volume pedals are supposed to work ?
quick fade-in , and then refined motion to get the volume working ?
this is not a volume control pedal .
i bought this to use with my keyboard .
i was n't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals .
does n't have the same feel either .
i should have sent it back .
i prefer the expression volume pedal to increase volume going down not up .
i have not used it because of that reason
hands down , the m-audio is the pedal i would recommend .
it is in the box to be returned .
i bought a second one thinking that the first one was a defective fluke .
in frustration i threw them both away and bought a kurzweil .
now jump 20+ years forward .
so , i gave yamaha another chance and bought yet another fc7 .
same outcome , i.e. , it does n't work .
conclusion : do n't waste your time or your money .
spend $ 20 more and get a pedal from another manufacturer .
but that was n't the case .
this is very frustrating .
i now have to learn all my pieces using the pedal backwards .
do n't get me wrong , it sounds great .
keep that in mind if you do n't own a yamaha product .
this pedal works fine , it came standard with my yamaha dgx620 .
as i use it on carpet , it slides around way too much .
i do n't recommend this pedal for use with any casio keyboard .
it sustains every note unless the pedal is depressed .
if you buy it for a casio , expect to have to return it .
i guess i ordered the wrong one .
i have a sharper image keyboard and the pedal does not work .
thank you for the prompt service .
i ca n't rate the item because its does n't work .
i am pleased with all the other items i have purchased from you
the user 's manual is of no use and nothing seems to make sense .
there is seemingly nothing intuitive about this program at all .
perhaps once i have figured it out , i will feel differently .
but for now i am simply frustrated .
i think i was wrong .
i have downloaded trial versions of other cakewalk products and sonic foundry programs .
they seemed to work fine .
so why is this program so rotten ?
but i have tons of memory !
hopefully in time , this will change .
but i think you 're money would be better spent elsewhere .
maybe this is why cakewalk does n't have a demo version on the site .
i received my edition of home studio 2002 and it stinks ! !
the owner 's manual is terrible , it does n't explain anything .
the online help manual is n't any better .
( cakewalk will not return any merchandise once it 's open )
especially with the kodak zi8 .
this device does not work .
do not waste your money .
if a additional add-on microphone is not powered it will not work .
the genuine article can sometimes be purchased for as low as $ 35 .
despite being a fake , it does work and it is indeed stereo .
it does n't sound nearly as full as the genuine article though .
amazon should not allow the sale of this product .
does n't seem to work .
not sure what i am doing wrong .
our box also arrived taped up , with no external protective packaging .
the casio customer service number referred me to a parts replacement number .
the parts replacement number referred me to a local parts distributor .
this has been one big hassle .
it does n't work with digital piano .
however , it works fine if you touch the keys very gently .
so maybe it 's good for keyboard .
that is not true .
i got this stand with my casio wk-110 .
it was easy to assemble .
i even went so far as using an office chair to raise me up .
not all americans are 6 feet tall !
i 'm not a tall person , but neither am i a dwarf .
when set to its lowest setting , it was perfect for me .
they were missing in action as were the assembly instructions .
after assembly it was sturdy enough but assembly instructions would have been nice .
all in all a disappointing experience .
so amazon shipped this to me .
mine , thankfully , came with all the pieces .
but , in usage , it 's not too great for my keyboard .
1. the stand 's lowest height is too high for the casio px110 .
2. it 's a major pain to adjust the height .
( this annoys me the most . )
( as well as buying a bench . )
the original keyboard stand was missing a piece and had to be replaced .
the directions for assembly are visual , with very few written directions .
the good : it is cheap and it is ( fairly ) functional .
the ugly : the instructions are a joke and not at all clear .
it `` locks '' into place , and is not easily folded or adjustable .
i was not a happy camper when i discovered this .
this stand is worthless !
i finally wound up throwing the whole thing in the trash !
do n't waste your time and effort !
i would not recommend this item ... .not a very good track record .
save yourself the hassle and go by a decent stand at best buy .
this product is only approved for casio keyboards .
and only like three of those .
wish i would have known before hand !
the first one of these stands came without screws !
the second came without a leg !
yet months later it is still available here .
if you did order it , look for the screws in the screw holes .
that does n't mean they wo n't be missing half the time though .
do n't buy this stand !
i guess i should have read the reviews before purchasing .
the stand arrived via ups in very poor condition and the screws were missing .
i returned it and another was sent to me from amazon .
for the very first time , i am dissatisfied with amazon.com !
i had to repack it and return it to amazon .
what a waste of time .
no screws means it is not good .
i hope it will all be resolved by the manufacturer or amazon .
as with others the stand arrived ready to fall out of the box .
good luck if you purchase this .
we 've tried to contact casio and they do n't respond .
now i see that other people have had the same problem .
what 's up with casio ?
why did i think my order would be different ?
it was missing all the hardware except the allen wrench .
a complete waste of time and effort .
do not order this stand .
i had more faith in amazon than i should have !
after reading the bad reviews i still ordered the stand .
i got it today without any screws or plastic grippers .
i do n't even know what those are ! !
i would advise against this product .
this box came without the screws needed for assembly .
all they said was no , you are out of luck .
they do not stand behind their product .
although advertised as ad-1 i actually received ad-1ul .
the plug would not fit my casio keyboard .
i spliced in a different plug and it now works .
screen and it 's bigger without the camera and the stupid little speakers .
i should have listened to the advice from [ other customers ] .
you really ca n't hear your voice thru the speakers .
what 's the point of a karaoke if you ca n't hear your voice .
it 's just an expensive cd player .
this is going back ! !
what a ... disappointment .
have n't received it yet .
bought this cable from amazon and after two days it complitely stoped working .
verified with other cable and it was no problem at all .
thumbs down on this fender vintage volt tweed 10 ft cable .
i find it mostly disfunctional
missing pop filter and windscreen .
tried with a variety of midi devices that work with other quality cables .
this is garbage like most products on amazon , a waste of time .
cable stop working after a month , bogus cable .
seriously , stiff cables are the worst .
these things just do not last ...
it 's horible wo n't stay close with duct tape
does not work with iphone
the connector on the female end which connects to the microphone is very loose !
2 out of 2 units i bought are loose like this .
was not working correctly .
it does not fit my expectations
only the left side got recorded and was audible .
these cables are incredibly microphonic .
this item is terrible !
i hate it so much .
is n't a microphone soppose to make u louder ?
i could just hear myself talking , but not with a loud voice .
it did n't even work !
do n't buy one of these ever !
i use several microphones for recording audio training courses .
i usually use a usb connection to a laptop or desktop for recording .
two years ago , i bought this one because of it 's jack .
it now sits in a drawer in my office .
the mic had clearly been used before .
the signal cuts in and out for live and studio recording .
hardly picks up the sound through the mic input port on the laptop .
tried 2 laptops , this mic simply sucks
i 've checked my sound drivers , and not even asio4all could change anything .
mega cheap imported cables from china .
the connectors are flimsy nickle finish - will oxidize in time .
past return date : - ( so ill put it in the recycling bin .
will buy from another brand
what can i say .
just does n't work .
only 1 cable arrived .
item title says it is a pack of 10 , 3 feet cables ...
stop working after 2nd use
do n't waste you time or money , just move on ...
well you get what you pay for with this item .
i had a gift card so it was kindof a waste .
i have a computer mic that does much better .
definetly need to pay more than 18 bucks for a mic .
30 to 40 will be the better kinds .
okay , commence complete deflation of hope for this thing to work .
sometimes cheap really is just cheap .
anything is worth more than this .
there is a hum in all recordings .
not usable in my macbook pro
very good midi cable , for the price .
no lag with the data transmission .
but it took forever to be delivered .
although the cable functions , i am not happy with the quality .
i tried to force the rubber piece into the connector but was unable to .
bad quality and not what i expected
at first glance it was just what i needed .
a bit disappointed in the cable quality - it 's pretty thin .
but i figured it would work for what i needed .
seriously , wth ? ! ?
bottom line : yes , it works half-assed .
hosa makes some good products , just not this one ...
very bad xlr `` made in chaina ''
the 1-foot cable is not one foot .
they count the length of the xlr connector and strain relief .
the cable itself is only 9 '' .
trying to troubleshoot it .
not sure if its my camera or the cable .
did not work had a short was forced to purchase another .
it feels like a cheaply made product , and i really regret buying it .
condenser microphone is not compatible
i needed 12 '' of cable but only received 7 '' of cable .
its not up to 5ft ! !
apart from that it works perfectly ... . length is a real bummer tho
junk ... not shielded .
picks up every bit of interference .
do n't waste your money .
spend the money for a brand-name version .
it maight not reach the mic imput on the camera .
i mean it does on mine , but it amos do n't .
otherwise it does the work well .
added a terrible white noise due to it 's poor construction .
it 's okay but it loses connection sometimes .
couild n't get it to work at all
i 'm not getting any sound what so ever .
did n't work , sadly .
no sound came out .
tried multiple mics to no avail .
this cable will not work or do that .
will not work on sony frd-ax33 4k camera with the shotgun mic i have
its not the advertised product , its some other cable man this some bs
these short out at the end easily .
had to buy a second .
apparently this does not work .
the polarity is not the correct one for use with an dslr .
just kept anyways to see if i can use for another application .
it came in an open package not working .
it transmitted the sound adequately .
i bought this to connect my audio technica at2020 xlr to my pc .
i got it plugged it in and it is not working .
did n't work well at all .
i should 've read the reviews .
my cord was also bent and i have a lot of static .
cheap and useless never got it to worck
i purchased this cable because of the five-star rating it had .
i counted 14 places where the rubber had melted into a neighboring loop .
you get what you pay for on this product .
i connected it to my microphone when i got it to test it out .
the female end of the xlr wo n't unplug from my microphone .
it 's literally stuck .
the 1/4 jack plug is a bit narrow .
of course..i had already thrown away the packaging ... ... ... ..sigh
worked great until one channel went out after about half a dozen audio assignments .
i carry this in a backpack and it 's been treated gently .
terrible noise in wiring , sounded as if someone made this themselves .
can not use and did not send back because i threw away the package .
do not buy this cable .
there was a large amount of noise maybe from false wiring > ? ? ?
but i took apart the xlr connector and clipped the red wire .
it worked perfectly only on the left channel tho .
stay away from this product !
i am quite disappointed by this change .
making their products cheaper with harmful materials is not acceptable .
as of february 27 , 2015 , this is the picture of the package :
the product itself works .
but the item was previously opened .
the plastic casing was cut with a knife from both sides .
the other blue cable box is brand new .
i 'm certainly disappointed with this purchase .
so that 's a problem .
0/10 would not buy again .
i did n't even have to open it - it just slid out .
it was as if someone had opened it with a box cutter .
needless to saw the product did not work at all .
i went to a local guitar center and bought another .
this time it was closed and the back matched the product .
lo and behold , it worked .
save yourself the time and just go to a local guitar store .
it just does n't work .
i did n't even bother returning it .
what a waste of money .
ok , so i bought this without thinking .
a simple mic cord .
but ... it did n't work .
just flat out would n't work .
so , i sent it back for replacement and amazon delivered .
second one arrived ... and did n't work .
not only did it not work , but the package had been opened before .
think i 'll stop by radio shack or something .
can not recommend this product .
it worked reasonably well with dynamic mics , but at a much lower level .
a sennheiser wireless mic setup did not work ... just a lot of noise .
however , it is n't a universal fix .
it create too much interference with wireless connections close by .
i was disappointed in this product .
only when i used this connected did the audio turn out poor .
simply did n't work .
this was new and sealed in a plastic bubble package .
i tested it and there was n't any sound .
my mic works fine with a longer cable and 3.5mm adapter .
the only audio with this hosa cable was static .
it also seems poorly constructed with too much movement when it is connected .
i will be returning it for a refund
if you 're a pro musician , spend the money on quality cables .
i only use this maybe once a week for my home karaoke setup .
the only way this is 1 ft. is if you count the plug itself .
the cord is 9 inches , including the part wrapped in tape .
here you go have a broken wire ! ! !
i bought two of these .
not too hip on the angle either or the metal color .
they look kind of ugly .
it was n't what i was even looking for .
it sucked that the cord was only a foot long too .
one of the two cables was defective .
that 's good enough for one star .
wo n't work going from xlr mic to 1/4 inch amplifier .
the actual wire is under 8 '' long itself .
the item only works when plugged in a certain direction .
the build quality seems good but my cable was defective .
i swapped out a cable from a friend and the mic recorded just fine .
amazon processed my refund very quickly though which was great .
stopped working after one use
none of the recordings i attempted were salvageable .
i 've never had so much noise in a cable before !
my intention was to run a shotgun mic into my dslr .
the cable was the problem .
this cable was defective on arrival .
could not receive sound through this cable .
replaced this cable with another cable from another source which worked fine .
i use my canon vixia hfr20 to film a web series .
we shoot in hd and typically have good audio quality .
all i get is a hum .
so bad i may have to re-shoot and do adr putting us behind schedule .
if you touch it , it creates a hum .
do n't buy this if you are using it for any pro quality project .
i have a canon t3i and a rode nt1-a mic .
this product did not work for me .
i had to send it back .
i ordered two if these .
neither worked with my karaoke machine .
i bought a couple from a local store and they worked great .
only hear noise from the recorder .
who whould have thought a stereo mini plug to xlr adapter would have worked ?
xlr does not support stereo .
i wasted my mony on this one .
however shipping was extreamly fast ! ! ! !
went to guitar center to get an actual adapter that works fine .
this product was defective .
it looks good , but did not work .
i would n't buy them again .
stopped working after second time using .
i had minimal use on this cable and it lasted about two weeks .
initially , i was happy with this .
worked well , looked and sounded good .
i really liked the velcro wrap .
it worked time to time , so i have to return it .
ordered two of these because the price was great and the reviews were good .
one cable was d.o.a ... the other lasted a few hours .
both ended up with intermittent faults .
this sounds bit smaller than expected for this price
hope that guy ( or girl ) enjoyed their drinks .
bends easily and kinks easily
cable is good but did not last me very long .
arrived 2 days early with free shipping options ... very awesome .
no issues out of the box .
very staticky with the slightest movement .
cord seems to only intermittently conduct a signal .
received delivery november 13th .
on december 13th the cable failed becoming intermittent .
so i decided to `` take it apart '' .
it seemed to be intermittent at the right-angle connector .
i 'm kind of on the fence now about hosa cables .
purchased 4 , 1 still works .
broke after either 1 or two uses .
did not give it to my son until about 3 weeks after ordering .
it was a gift for him .
sad , sad , sad .
ddo n't waste your money on this cable brand .
i would consider other brands .
this one seemed like a good deal , so i ordered it .
i would not order this again .
quality wise , this cable is great .
heavy-duty , well made , no issues there .
it 's constantly twisting up and it 's incredibly annoying .
it looks awful when it 's all twisted all over my floor .
it 's wo n't roll up nicely at all .
if not , stick with the `` rubber '' style cables .
two stars = i do n't like it .
seriously terrible cable , but super inexpensive sooooo ... ..still bad cable .
it was really disappointing having a brand new cable work so poorly .
it was also much more lightweight than most decent cables and generally felt cheap .
the cable hisses , crackles and pops right out of the package .
save your money and buy a better cable .
i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else .
broke on the first day from normal use .
bought this years ago .
cable crackles when plug in jack is moved .
gls brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison .
i would recommend the gls product over the hosa product .
the cable appears well made , except for one of the ends .
disappointed by what i know should be a superb product .
i really like the look and feel of this cable .
it came in one day which was a big plus .
crack , pop , every time i moved potentially damaging my amp speaker .
both of my other goto cables seated perfectly .
i double checked to be sure .
not sure if it was a bad cable or bad design .
very sad this did n't work out .
beware of this cord .
just had to post my 2 cents worth .
shows a regular 1/4 in .
plug but is not .
they say it is 10 ft. long but was only 5 ft .
apparently harder than i thought .
it 's way too noisy on a low-level input .
`` hosa '' is a good name for it .
you get what you pay for .
i would n't waste my money on them .
also the metal sleeve around the jack keeps coming loose .
same price range as a monster cable without the monster warranty
it did not work so it is useless to me .
stopped working after light use within a month .
looks cool but lasted for only 6 months of moderate non gigging use .
i could n't tell any difference on sound .
not durable at all .
improperly grounded causing a horrible buzz unless touched .
i checked against another cable and sure enough this one is defective .
cord broke with a month of owning
worked for about a month .
plug ends unscrew easily and now any bend to the wire cuts the signal .
the cable hardly lasted a month before needing fixed .
we 've had two break .
knew i should 've gone with the fender one .
this cable lasted less then a week before it did n't work at all .
have n't even had a month and it 's already shorting out on me .
i play 3-5 hrs .
the right angle male end came completely apart .
checked warranty and it was 30 days .
utter and complete junk .
do n't make the same mistake i did .
this was in my music room , not gigging .
now it does n't make any sound at all : (
due to the failure of the product the show had to be canceled .
not only were we disappointed but all of her fans were as well .
returned it , very noisy cable .
cord was damaged upon arrival .
amp to guitar connection works perfectly with other input cables .
do not recommend this product .
i 've been very happy with hosa cables i 've purchased .
this is definitely a quality cable .
since most midi cables use english units of length , this is misleading .
so `` buyer beware '' applies here .
fulfillment was by j & r music world .
i need a pair of midi cables that are 1 foot or less . )
five stars to them for prompt no-hassle service .
i wish amazon would correct this product listing .
i ordered this cable , but it was out of stock .
i can not comment further on it since it never arrived .
once i bought it , it broke not even a month after owning it .
it worked well while it worked .
unfortunately , that was only for 6 months .
of course it 's too late to get a replacement or refund .
we 'll look for a different brand now .
suggest avoiding this one .
i works fine , but it also picks up radio signals !
you can play along with all your favorites while having this baby plugged in .
i could barely even tell my chords apart .
hardly picks up my guitar and is way too sensitive .
this broke very easily , within months .
i do not like it
did n't work out of the box .
the end connectors were loose and the cables are thin .
no sound from the guitar .
spend a few dollars and get a reputable brand .
glad i did n't bring these to a gig .
luckily i can return easily with amazon .
the sound cuts in and out while playing and occasionally has popping and hissing .
the jack fell apart and got stuck in the brand new guitar ! !
had to go buy one local.. not happy : (
time window closed to return it couple days ago .
used with teacher at our home , we do not transport it .
seller was good , product not so much .
have to constantly fiddle with cable to keep it working .
not very satisfied but it could be worse .
connections must not be very tight .
had to do surgery on both cables i bought the first day .
the sound keeps cutting off in the middle of me playing .
used a couple times and no longer sends signal
this item did not work .
the audio was very distorted and full of static
it 's not even half as good as you think it would be .
the sound output makes it seem like you 're playing from a blown speaker .
if you need to combine two signal sources , use a mixer .
within 10 min , both the mic connected to the splitter stopped working .
as soon as i plug it in it emits a loud buzzing noise .
gets louder and quieter as i move the cable around .
goes away with another cable .
do n't waste your money like i did .
sounds terrible , i could n't use em .
other cables i 've bought since sound fine with the use strat and amp .
junk fall apart in your hand
stopped working after less than 5 months of use .
you get what you pay for .
not a great cable .
what a waste of money .
wow , i 'm a bit embarrassed .
the button pushed through - was never a complete separation ( on/off ) .
a signal would still go through occasionally
it does n't work to stop hum .
ive bought 3 pcs , but it wo n't do any good for me .
it 's just a connector .
ik know that i wo n't be buying this again though
sucked right out of the box .
one side was dead .
amazon is replacing but i 'm not sure what to expect .
does n't fit any beats headset , due to oversized jack jacket .
this cable had a short upon delivery .
it was discovered by me 3 minutes into using it for the fist time .
a very thin and flimsy cable of poor quality .
i would recommend spending a few dollars more for something better .
doa - poor quality/ defective cable .
this hosa add-on item from kmc music inc is ineligible for return or refund .
it 's not worth the $ 6 .
i 've had great past success with dozens of add-on items purchased from amazon .
this hosa cable was my first dud .
this cable showed up on my doorstep and let me down right away .
these cables are poorly constructed and just not worth the money at all .
pay a little more for something that works and lasts .
plugged it in and worked once but had a horrible hissing sound .
tried it the next day and did n't work .
could not get it to work after that .
spend a few more bucks and get a better cable .
both times ive bought this item its been defective .
must be loose or faulty connections inside .
this product actually increased the amount of noise when connected to my amp .
this item is defective on arrival .
it has a short in it so only one channel works i.e .
usually this would n't be that big of a deal , right ?
kmc music inc says no returns allowed on this item .
very disappointed in this product ... not good sound .
when testing the left channel , audio played through both channels on the mixer .
when testing the right channel , i got the same result .
what does this mean ?
not an actual stereo cable .
the cable still sucks , though , so do n't buy it .
it worked fine for a few months then stopped .
i suspect the quality is poor .
i 'll have to return .
adapter did n't work at all , did n't even produce a humming noise .
very loose on my mic .
they even sent me a second one .
shabby , at least the one i got , loose connections , witch revieled
cord just stopped working !
introduce more noise : (
i bought two of these cables and both were defective .
amp hums when this cord is plugged in .
very poor quality knock-off of a real pomona banana plug .
i have less than a month with it and it is working really bad .
at the beggining it was nice , but now it 's making noise !
mine arrived yesterday and was defective .
does n't pass any sound or phantom power .
checked on 2 mics .
wanted to return but got message `` not eligible for return '' .
the cable i received had a terrible buzz from the beginning .
judging by other reviews this is the exception , rather than the rule .
i will return and replace with different cable .
very bad product only use few times
product did not work on my pc .
was not allowed to return item .
tested with multiple cables .
no audio whatsoever with this plugged-in .
do n't waste your money with this cable .
hooked up to any musical equipment it has terrible hissing .
not a good product but i guess you get what you pay for .
i will just go to the music store and purchase .
cable did n't work the very first time .
out of the box was already malfunctioning .
waste of money and time
did n't work as expected
purchased 4 of these cables and none of them work .
cable is supposed to be stereo and it 's not .
sound quality is crap .
causes audible background noise even when not playing music .
i guess you by cheap , you get cheap results .
i would not recommend this as a solution .
item did not work .
cheap cord that gave out quickly .
doesnt work for my application and is not eligible for return .
using inbetween a ipod and a amplified pa speaker .
appears to feed onlybone channel .
cable broke after two uses .
input is staticy and warped .
stay away from this cable .
noisy cable when used for musical instruments
constantly cuts in and out , making it near unusable
what can you possibly do with this other than what it is good for ?
i mean , i ca n't even use it as a paper weight !
cables do not connect effective enough to give a great sound .
this cord stopped working within a month of purchase .
given the good reviews , i expected more .
fairly flimsy , skinny gauge .
the connectors unscrew very easily so need to be checked before use every time .
do n't buy , no return policy .
did n't work still humming soind .
do n't waste your time/money .
yewim giving two stars not for bad product but for not being what i needed
the first cable i received would n't transmit vocals properly .
the next cable i received had the same issue .
time to try something else .
unfortunately this switch creates a large pop when switch on or off .
it would have only added a very small margin to have done this right .
i chose to return it .
did n't work when i received it .
only received 1 of the 2 i ordered
not very well made .
i had to buy another within a month .
waste of $ 10 .
the xlr connection does n't work properly .
lots of crackling sounds .
i 'm a pro-cheapo and i hated this thing .
they 're noisy , and the cables feel really cheap , gummy-like .
drop few more bucks and get something else !
it worked and then fell apart within a week .
and at this point it is not eligible for return .
a lot of static and overall shielding is not up to spec
did not work at all
does n't work properly .
do n't waste your money .
i am a little disappointed with this cable .
i do n't recommend using this cable for control voltage connections .
does n't seem to work..maybe a defect or poorly made ?
plugged it in and the hum was worse than without it .
two thumbs straight down !
it has lots of feedback in the sound .
port of a guitar amp .
i do n't know what cord to get .
i must have misread some of the reviews .
i understood that this would work .
the jack broke after less than a month of light home use .
this cable does not work .
however , this cable does not work .
another cable , purchased elsewhere , works fine for all configurations .
package was broken on arrival .
i am constantly having noise issues as this wire does not have enough shielding .
would not recommend this product to anyone .
within a month of having this cable ?
worked in the beginning though .
bummer to post a bad review but that 's what happened .
thats what you get for buying low priced cables
there is no sound that comes out .
in short , this cable is super shit .
i do not like it .
only outputs one channel .
this is not a true stereo cable .
it has all appearances to be one , however it is not .
it plugs into the stereo mini-jack port and a standard 1/4 '' plug .
( which is why i purchased it in the first place . )
what a waste of time and money !
how about the entire right channel going into my mixer .
i have other cables that split left and right and can tell the difference .
what a load of garbage .
this will be returned immediately .
not doing this again !
anybody out there that can tell me why these did n't work ?
and also , it was so tight and difficult to dislodge .
the product did not work .
no signal was not being sent .
both had at least one defective connection .
i wo n't be ordering more .
edit : i bought two more after the success of the first .
one did n't work at all .
i 'm done buying cheap cables .
works like it should .
it only lasted a week and i did n't move it around .
the sound kept cutting out and yet it was stationary .
this cable is pretty awful .
only works if you do n't ompletely inert into amp .
i tried 4 cords and the same problem .
if not you will not get any words .
i would not recommend this item .
the hosa cable i received broke after one use .
i did not stress or abuse it .
the wire broke just next to where it was soldered to the lug .
i would not expect this to happen so early in use .
you get for what you pay .
worked a short time .
this cord lasted exactly one use .
this cable lasted only 6 months .
it was never abused and only played at home .
buying a decent cable is tough
the cable was no good did not even work
ordered one , it did not work .
returned for replacement , it also does not work .
i know why it 's so cheap now .
threw it in the trash that moment !
do n't waste your money on this thing .
unfortunate this did n't work for me .
i bought one from radio shack and it works great .
no idea why this one did not work .
this is a poor quality product that is n't well constructed .
typically , i find cheaper cords ( usb , hdmi , etc . )
a cord should never break on its first use .
maybe i got a cord from a bad batch or something .
either way , you should be aware of this problem .
i 'm very disappointed .
i did n't expect this cable to be so thin .
it 's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable i 've used .
not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference .
still , it works and was inexpensive .
edit : 6 months later and it 's dead already .
wire frayed at the right angle jack .
you get what you pay for .
ordered one of these cables and it 's defective right out of the box .
probably not worth the trouble returning it .
if i had the means to rate this lower , i would .
some items actually produced no output at all !
can not caution people considering this item enough to reconsider their options .
awesome idea , broke within a week : (
very crackly and a lot of interference .
stopped using it and company wo n't accept the return .
hums too noisy ... ...
please spend an extra couple dollars and get it from somewhere else .
junk did n't do a thing
i 'll just go down to radio shack and get the item .
the one i have from them works .
it 's likely me fault because i do n't understand sound systems .
tried a different adapter and it worked fine .
i ' l ; use this one as a backup .
not worth returning for 7 bucks but i did pay 10 for overnight shipping .
throw it in the trash and forget about it .
so i ordered the right adapter for my purposes .
the rubber seems to be not connected too well to the 'metal ' part .
it might be good , but i do n't want to find out .
might be good for simple connecting , but i do n't know
somehow they seemed to create a hum .
maybe it was my system .
but it is fine without them .
bought this cable for my stereo .
highly recommend buying another product if you are looking for high quality .
this item was shipped to me as an open package .
there is no way of knowing if this is a hosa .
i thought this was being shipped by amazon , but was not .
i would never order from them again .
i tried it in other ports and the result was the same .
not a big investment , but definitely a waste of money .
thankfully it was only $ 5
broke it 's tip into the jack .
had to replace the whole port .
i got it because my board only has 6 channels with xlr inputs .
none of them work .
perhaps i got the wrong thing ?
sad , i need cut the hum generate by the bass
would n't work for me at all
do n't buy this .
you get what you paid for .
unless you want to damaged your expensive equipment .
the contact pin broke before i could finish hooking it up .
i suggest spending the extra money to buy higher quality adapters .
this adapter did not work .
do not work as good or as clear as i expected .
after three months the switch pushed into the unit and no longer functioned .
i 'm going back to a cable with a switch .
they last much longer .
these cables are terrible .
they attenuate the signal .
it comes through much quieter and muddy sounding .
the same thing happens with the hosa cmp-303 cable .
the adapter inserts noise to the sounds , and also atenuates the signal .
i do not recommend this adapter .
i 'd recommend against this unless you have no other alternative .
does not send stereo signal through , only mono .
not a great product if you are professionally trying to split a signal
sent it back , it did n't suit my purposes .
its not useful for my guitar
..pc ; fl sounds like distant echo .
is not clear or loud thru that cable at all .
a waist of my $ $ $ .
final soulition was a device called hum-x .
everything needed to be pluged into it and cable tv needs a lift also .
i canot use it .
it brake the fist time i try to use it .
very bad quality indeed .
new amp , same issues with cables .
so went down and bought a 3rd cable and everything now works perfectly .
sorry for the low rating , but it is , what it is .
thanks for your timely delivery .
used this to connect my instrument mic to an lr baggs preamp .
the mono has one .
as with anything you should immediately test when received .
the two new ones were as well defective.. m bellas
also no worries about extending the mic or cable run with this long switch .
gave up the ghost after a few weeks .
ok for light use , probably not worth the buy .
do not buy it !
wish i had looked at negative reviews before purchase .
unfortunately i waited too long to use so too late to send back .
you hear it with nothing else plugged into the cable .
my audio friend tells me that this happens because the cable is n't balanced .
i do not recommend this cable to anyone .
this is an absolutely terrible wire !
i do n't understand these other reviews that were good ! ! !
please do not make this mistake ! !
distorts audio through headphone and mixer .
created static in the mics and could n't use these .
the cable only provides the instrumental and no vocals for me .
my guess is it is a faulty cord .
excellent splitter , 5 stars !
the cable i received was unusable .
it sounds very distorted when i plug it into my mixer .
i just tossed it .
did not work well at all .
the cable must be defective because it only produced sound on one channel .
used it to plug in my laptop to pa system .
sound quality was horrible .
it 's not stereo therefor it 's garbage
this cable is not good for applications that require shielding .
the noise on the cable is at an unacceptable level .
this happened to me twice .
i bought this to hook up a metronome to an amp .
after three short months it already stopped working .
i bought 12 , and about 4 of them worked at all .
i bought this able to go from my laptop to a headphone amp .
the tip of mine is gone .
i have no idea what happened to it .
i have never seen this kind of damage in an audio plug .
causes horrible noise and distortion .
not happy at all .
this makes the 5th and the last hosa i will ever buy
the result was unpleasant .
overly long but i should have known .
very weak cable it broke after a couple of uses with my silent violin ,
the wire did not work properly .
there was a lot of background noise , not good clean sound .
i do n't think it was due to my components
not a very good sound
useless mic that have no on/off switch .
dont waste your money on it .
the pick up way too much sound around them .
does not work , possibly defective .
tried with multiple speakers/sources .
i would not recommend buying this cord .
this is the third time i 've ordered this cable .
the third one was messed up from the beginning .
one of the xlr male connectors was bent inside the metal housing .
the packaging was fine .
always test you cables before you have to use them .
i did n't and it cost me .
these mic are not that great .
yes , but the noise makes the quality just bad simply .
do n't even bother .
i was very happy with the samson r21 they work great .
we 're is the chargers what do i need to turn them on .
no cords came with it .
if i ca n't get them i must return them .
do n't know what i need to get them to work .
a plug or a charger ?
i love the sound of these microphones .
the bases are good solid metal and connect well .
it is cheap two piece plastic that has been glued at the rib .
all three of mine have broken at the same location .
these mics get the job done .
but they do well enough .
i purchased this last year for a permanent install on a church soundboard .
it started getting really scratchy and finally quit a few weeks ago .
it 's a stereo cable so that should n't be .
maybe i just got a dud cable .
was product tested at factory before shipping ?
out of the pack half the cables were noisy and did not work .
save your money and by some metal end cables .
a waste of time and money .
seriously , do n't buy 'em .
two failed the first night .
i threw them all away .
not great shielding around the center core , i guess .
other patch cables i have reduce noise significantly more than this cable .
not sure why but this broke not even a month after i bought it
it crackled any time anything touched it or it moved at all .
however these things do n't last at all .
belive me when i say it does not pay to be cheep .
they come apart , leaving the tips inside my pedals ' jacks .
i am not rough with my gear and my pedals sit in one spot .
on some of them the tips will easily pull off by hand .
my son opened this toy on christmas morning .
but i gave it a shot anyway .
this guitar is made to be bought not played .
the problem is the height of the zero fret .
it looks nice , but no child can learn to play on this guitar .
save up and get one that can be tuned .
we also had a string break with what seemed not extraordinary tension .
the tuning fork screws are miniscule and will not hold long .
that , will quickly render the guitar playless .
i would definitely recommend chosing another guitar over this one .
you get what you pay for !
i purchased this for my 9 year old son for christmas .
luckily , i took it out and inspected it while he was n't home .
after twisting the middle string 2x it broke .
i am very disappointed and will be sending it back .
i 'm just glad i looked at it before christmas morning .
i think the midi and the audio part need to be separated more .
i ca n't get any sound to come through my speakers !
came without a lavalier mic .
so i purchased atr33501s but not wireless ,
this system is horrible .
do n't dare waste your time or money .
works okay some of the time .
bad background noise - tried everything to reduce with no luck .
the unit did not come with the small lapel mic .
jack for the mic has poor connection .
no audio goes through .
i had to jimmy it half way out of the jack to get audio .
this is my fault .
i am a little disappointed , but this is a lesson for me .
next time i will check to make sure everything is there .
previous reviews did not do the correct justice to the item sold .
i do not believe this mic is good .
i was n't expecting great either for the record .
there is a lot of background noise in all of my recordings .
it is like this mic amplifies the dead air and creates static .
does not work well if you use florescent studio lighting .
sometime buzzes if the wearer moves around which is also pretty poor .
i am considering returning it .
i am in the process of returning this item .
i tried different batteries and no luck .
this product is terrible , i would n't waste my money on it .
after reading lots of great reviews i thought i would give this a try .
we had lots of problems with noise when moving around inside our house .
and this did n't help much .
try both frequencies and had the same results either way .
which is too bad , as i generally like at equipment .
not what i was hoping for .
this is the first review i 've ever written on amazon .
i am filming a documentary .
i will return the device , and will simply use wired lavalier mikes instead .
if you absolutely must use a wireless system , do n't use this one .
i do n't recommend this microphone system .
amazon , as normal , was quick to get me replacement .
i received that today .
only static and buzzing !
the mic did n't work .
i tried the switch , read the manual .
spend the little extra cash and get something worth it .
still , amazon rocks for their fast replacement !
does n't matter if i use their mic or my stereo lapel mike .
there was immediate interference when testing the unit in the comfort of my home .
i mived to two ther rooms and the interference was just as bad .
you get what you pay for .
ouch , this wireless system caused all kinds of hiss .
the downside is that the nady has to be plugged into the wall .
i was using the atr-288w with a canon hv40 video camera ,
it did n't pick up the voice when placed on the lapel at all .
it also caused terrible feedback .
i sent it back .
( within projected time of arrival ) .
i contacted amazon and was able to return the unit hassle free .
there are a few problems that i 've encountered with this unit .
first off , the handheld mic is useless .
the windscreen on the clip-on mic comes off very easily .
it can be staticy at times , even in close proximity .
this is also an outdated produt .
if you have the money , spend it on a sennheiser setup instead .
it was if the needle was crooked and not making contact .
now will have to pay extra and take it to a repair shop .
i guess you get what you pay for .
i got this when i was a kid and did n't know any better .
it worked fine for two records but then started a scratching sound .
not what i expected , at least for my yamaha turntable .
broke on me after just about 3 months of use .
started weighing down heavily and then the plastic piece eventually touched the lps .
this `` universal '' replacement cartridge is not universal .
it does not work as a replacement for an audio-technica ls200 .
it 's too heavy , and it 's too tall/deep .
i had to replace it immediately because it was destroying my vinyl .
received at92ecd replacement in two days after i ordered it .
the replacement works like a charm .
i purchased this cartridge to replace the broken stock cartridge on my jensen jta-230 .
i have messed with everything and it simply does n't fit .
what 's the deal with that ?
this one just simply did not work for me .
the stylus rides up and the housing drags across my records
broke as i tried to install .
not recommended for half-inch standard mounts .
the adapter caused the cartridge to bottom out on my records .
it did not work for my p 31 yamaha turntable .
not at all universal .
music sounds flat with no improvement over the older original technics cartridge it replaced .
are p mount cartridges inferior to standard mount cartridges ?
this one is way inferior .
do n't like it much .
this cartridge sounded like garbage from the moment i installed it .
i kept hoping it would improve , but it did n't .
i 've never bought a cartridge before that produced so much static and noise .
but not for good live recorded audio quality music .
i returned it for a full refund .
does not work on the gopro 4 silver - do n't waste your money !
not what i expected .
does not work on most american devices , iphone , laptops ect ect
better of without it .
it is big and heavy .
my window of return is past date .
clip does not seem durable .
the cord is not long enough .
basically made the sound more quiet .
the needle was wobbling side to side , causing a thumping sound and static .
i got this as an external mic for my dslt a57 .
the camera has plug-in power so it should power the mic just fine .
its wobbly and will break sooner than later .
the sound is n't very good .
not for the money .
it picks up high mids and highs well , but no low end .
and it picks up way too much background noise .
just an fyi if you 're looking to capture people speaking .
i chose this rating because of quality reasons .
i do n't recommend this product to anyone under any circumstance .
spend a little more money and get a better mic !
this one does n't do what its supposed to do !
i bought this item to go with a z10 touch video .
i bought it new .
i got worse sound than if i used the camera without it .
now i 'm stuck with a defective product .
what a waste of resources ! !
this item is well reviewed , but my two separate mics were awful ? !
unusually , great buyer reviews can be trusted at amazom .
perhaps amazon has a bad batch , or a counterfeit batch of these mics ?
i do n't know ?
i would not pay a dollar for this item .
my other plug-in mic from a local store works just fine .
unfortunately , i had to eat the cost of this item .
there is a short window for returns .
i ordered three books for travel , with guaranteed arrival before my trip .
the books arrived after i left on my trip .
i was not home to return the books in the allotted return time .
does amazon suck ... yeh , sometimes they really suck .
can they deliver and get things done right , yes they usually do .
but amazon will never be a preferred purchase point for me .
i will go local if i have the time .
i use amazon for convenience ... and keep my fingers crossed .
it was all plastic and the assembly was so loose .
the neck can be bent 90 , but the whole structure was so weak .
i recorded someone talking with the zi8 as a test .
first with the sony mic and then without it .
first with mic sensitivity levels at normal and then again at max .
was really surprised to hear all the positive reviews with the zi8 .
the microphone picks up a tremendous amount of noise from touching the cord .
bought this to use with zi8 and it worked great for about 2 months .
reseller has a 30 return policy and sony 's is only 90 days .
very disappointed this did n't last .
the gnd is shorted the white wire on the right mic .
this ca n't be correct ?
wish i had a schematic of this board .
it 's not better than the original mic on micro boss br .
it 's broken after 3 months and warranty is only for 90 days .
especially with the kodak zi8 .
this device does not work .
do not waste your money .
if a additional add-on microphone is not powered it will not work .
i have received the fake item !
the quality just sucks !
i am very disappointed !
i purchased this microphone to go with a kodak zi8 hd camera i bought .
one channel of the stereo mic was dead .
i tried a different stereo mic on the camera and it worked fine .
i got no response .
i contacted the seller three times and there is still no response .
the one channel that works sounds great .
amazon has to watch out their partners .
there are many trying to fish in rough waters .
not at all what i expected .
it does but it will not stay in position to record properly .
the microphone will now remain stationary while in use and is still removable .
this item is not designed for the kodak zi8 .
second , it does n't capture much more audio than the stock kodak microphone .
not a big improvement .
it 's not worth the money !
was not a true stereo mic .
not the real sony ecm-ds70p electret condenser stereo microphone .
i bought two and both are going back immediately .
the record stuck , which had n't happened before .
amazon was gracious about returning my $ $ for this purchase .
worked for the first five records , then it wore out and got fuzzy .
and i was n't rough on it either .
it sounded okay for the first five records .
then it wore out and sounded fuzzy .
and no , i was n't being rough on it .
also the lower hertz ( lower pitches or bass ) are not very audible .
the playback does n't have a good sound in the lower ranges .
i have yet to find one .
in short , do n't buy this mic if you want to record music .
save your money i wish i had .
i plugged this into my computer and pressed record .
when i played back the audio i could barely hear anyone .
i have been continually dissapointed with omni-directional microphones .
i tried this microphone out and it really was n't worth the money .
it recorded with less clarity than uni-directional microphones .
i 'm sending mine back .
i was using tools such as camtasia and audacity .
the mics did not pick up enough of the conversation to be useful .
i purchased a more expensive sony ecm-f01 and it works as described - great !
so i am stuck with two mics that do n't perform .
this mic is surprisingly poor quality for a brand name like audio-technica .
i bought this mic with the intention to use it in an interview .
the microphone built into your mac is likely far superior .
i 'm returning this product .
tried these for about 2 minutes , then boxed them up .
not comfortable at all .
do n't waste your time ordering these .
flimsy you get what you pay for
these are not open-back headphones !
the earpads are smaller then usual , but they pretty well seal your ears .
nor are they sound-cancelling - they just make everything from the outside murkier .
and they have no top end at all - was my pair defective ?
at least they gave me a refund .
come on - even house music has some upper end !
the wire on the headphones got snagged on my shoe and the wire broke .
i got to use it for 3 hours .
did n't last longer than a few months .
this came in my school kit for film and media .
the sound was okay when it was working .
they were completely unusable after that .
i posted pictures so you know what i am talking about .
a quality product , but it has too little low end bass .
i use them to edit soundtracks on home videos and animations .
if you are a chart changer get it right with one of these .
i guess shure sold their name at some point .
disappointed for the price , that is for sure .
name brand price gouging , shame on you shure .
this contraption is inaccurate .
product arrived in a plastic bag with no packaging and no battery .
shameful , cheap and poorly made product .
broke within 15 minutes of use .
inexpensive , but very poor quality !
this does not work with the three different brand smart phones i tried .
put in new batteries , and there was no change in performance .
i looked it up on audio-technica .
this item was discontinued years ago .
you get what you pay for ... . it 's adequate for basic audio .
not pro quality for sure .
i specifically purchased this for use with iphone .
the jack is simply incompatible with aple devices .
it only has one ring where the apple jacks have four .
this was most disappointing .
i do n't normally leave negative review , but this one is necessary .
i purchased this microphone because of all of the glowing reviews .
however , this microphone is extremely poor quality .
my sound is much better without it .
we ordered this microphone for the pastor in our wedding .
the package was returned to them about 3 weeks ago and they lost it .
i rated a 1 star because 0 stars is not an option .
i would strongly suggest not ordering from this company
read the reviews - i am not the only person this has happened to !
this microphone will pick up voices fine .
you get what you pay for .
i did n't get the 35s .
ask if i 'd like a substitution next time !
bought it to plug into my zoom h2 and it barely picks up anything .
tried plugging it straight into my camera and yet again barely picks up anything .
low quality and waste of money .
this second one was actually model atr-3350 , *not* a model 35s .
so i 'm returning my 3350 for a refund .
anyway , 1 star for this go-around .
the sound playback comes out of one speaker in mono , not stereo .
looking for another mic now .
i bought this to improve the sound for recordings on a kodak zi8 .
first , the battery was dead when it was shipped - hassle .
so for my use , this microphone was a wasted purchase .
audible hum obscures subject 's voice .
disappointing offering from good company .
i tried this mic and it was terrible .
save your money , do n't buy this product .
i wish i could give it half of a star .
very disappointed with this mic after reading so many positive reviews .
very disappointed with performance of this product .
this could be an error on my part .
but i could n't figure out how to use this thing accurately .
or maybe it 's something i just did n't need .
i have a rega rp-1 that came shipped with the ortofon om 5e .
better instructions from shure would 've helped .
despite its cute appearance , this mic produces static and little else .
and more nothing ! ! !
did not work properly on my pc .
amazon 's customer service was excellent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i plugged it into the microphone jack and nothing happened .
i returned it and got a griffin mic instead .
i do a fair amount of streaming video for marketing and training purposes .
i thought it was stainless ( non magnetic ) , but its not .
this contraption is highly specialized dj , turntable apparatus .
do not buy unless you have used this before .
this stylus gauge is made of plated steel which is magnetic .
it is attracted to the cartridge magnet and therefore useless .
i returned it immediately .
unfortunately , the only alternatives are much more expensive digital stylus gauges .
bla bla bla all talk .
there is absolutely no bass .
i 'll give it extremely clear , , but that 's all .
no bottom end no matter what you do to eq it .
even the shure 58 is better , but no prize either .
i bought this microphone to use with skype and a set of bose headphones .
some other reviews also mention the faint sound .
i just did not see them before purchasing the unit .
as you might guess , the quality does n't get any better .
i 'm in the midst of scrambling to find a new mic now .
thanks for nothing audio-technica .
i ordered a genuine shure stylus but received a generic shure stylus .
what else do you want ? '
it does what it claims to do , and it does it well .
this thing now has a buzz that totally obscures the voices .
this developed after only a month .
ca n't change the stars , unfortunately , hope you read this .
even for the price this mic may not be worth it .
the mic could barely pick up anything .
was used just once and then stopped working .
had to return it .
recording in imovie hd is nearly inaudible .
i purchased this mic to for video taping interviews .
if you need to get a decent recording look at the shure sm58 .
i bought this product for adding voice recordings to powerpoint presentations .
unfortunately the voice can barely be heard .
when they describe this product `` ideal aerobics/dance/sports-instructors '' they must really mean it .
all audio settings on my computer are all the way up .
i 've been doing sound for 10 years .
each has its own faults .
very muddy sounding , but will add more `` body '' to your sound .
shure : cold-sounding mic , highs better than senns , some mid-range muddiness .
akg : overall nice sounding mic .
problem when you `` push '' the mic , i.e .
mic feels like it has a delay in it .
audix : very nice sounding mic .
no major sonic problems .
nice , extended highs .
these are pretty good , if you can find one that is n't defective .
this is the second one i 've bought that arrived with a twisted cantilever .
does n't anyone inspect these before they leave the factory ?
when i lowered the volume on the amplifier , then nothing was being accomplished .
bought it on april 10th .
( one channel is not working ) .
unfortunately , the return period expired 2 weeks ago .
generic needle without branding not in accordance with the picture - sound just acceptable .
i hope that my vinyls will not be damaged !
not a cartridge , is only a generic needle .
pic contains a cartridge .
the description is about cartridge .
the comparison thing in the page is all cartridges .
but , is not a cartridge , is only a generic needle .
pic contains a cartridge .
the comparison thing in the page is all cartridges .
i feel intentionally mislead .
the one that i got sounded horrible .
it had a lot of distortion .
you get what you pay for .
i returned my set .
way more expensive but the audio quality was pristine .
this is a fairly cheap set so you 'll get fairly poor audio .
bite the bullet and save for the higher quality set .
i ordered this product because of the good reviews it got .
i am getting horrible hiss regardless of range .
i may just have to use a voice recorder and sync the sound .
yes , a voice recorder is giving me cleaner audio than this mic .
i should have gone straight for a uhf mic .
a waste of money .
bad purchased , not doing it again .
high pitch squeal on channel b. audio unusable .
poor quality , interference , noise , awful recording .
not very happy with it .
-it picks up noise easily .
changing channel did not really help .
-white noise all the time .
i would not recommend it .
tried using it in a studio in la and i had nothing but interference .
good sound costs money but then , good sound equipment can last a lifetime .
i will return and try something diffrent .
these would not work in any city i visited , there was constant static .
this 'thing ' is terrible !
it loses reception and statics like crazy .
however both cut out after 25 ' .
they work , but they also do n't work .
second - it 's awful .
plus , i need a wireless mic to film yoga videos .
the feedback on this thing is horrible .
maybe i just got sold a returned lemon .
either way do not waste your money !
it 's not worth the hassle .
if anyone has suggestions , please let me know .
total waste of money .
for the same cost i would recommend an h1 + low cost wired lav .
the sound quality was terrible .
i tried change channels , move around and the noise did n't disapear .
there were also some blind zones and cut offs .
so i returned the unit .
otherwise , think ten foot pole .
a very disappointing product .
and no , brand new batteries did n't fix it either .
i wish audio technica had the same ethics .
i 've paid good money for a bad product .
do n't do the same , dear reader .
we thought we must have broken it somehow and bought the exact one again .
after four months , the same problem occurred , no reason again .
these microphones are not reliable at all .
this system works but there is a constant static when its turned on .
for professionals this is definitely a bad choice and not worth the risk .
i read all the reviews before i bought and decided to try my luck .
even with short distance 3 feet , i got tons of noise .
not useful to record to a camcorder ,
this dual channel wireless device is contently picking up static and interference .
i have not been happy with this purchase .
unless your subject is very close , you 'll get static .
obviously the taiwanese children who assembled this did n't know that .
i would advise you to not buy this .
the price is too good to be true .
great return service from amazon though .
it sounds like being on cordless phone a little out of range .
for the price , i unfortunately do n't think there 's any better option .
this just is n't an option for me anymore .
i now have to rent an $ 800 lav system when i shoot
not thrilled w noise .
lots of static and absolutely unreliable .
if you are a serious video pro , avoid this system .
this microphone emits constant static no matter how it is configured .
engineering support could not help me .
i am sending the unit back .
to the buyer , i say 'beware ' .
the audio is full of noise at times for seemingly no reason .
at first the groom was at the other end of the big church .
this wireless mic system does n't provide that with any amount of reliability .
what 's this conspiracy suppressing high quality , wireless microphone technology .
why ca n't we get such achievements in wireless audio ?
or even wired audio for that matter .
it should n't cost an arm and a leg to buy goood audio equipment .
i can not recommend this product .
however , i do n't have a quality low cost alternative to recommend either .
i wish i had n't .
i began to pickup static that switching between the two channels did n't change .
and again , changing frequencies did n't help at all .
perhaps this is the nature of an fm system vs. a uhf system .
of course it does n't always do this .
and when it works , it is great .
but its range and susceptability to interference is a big drawback .
do n't be fooled by false advertising .
the picture shows a shure logo .
what you get is a copy fake replica with no bard on it .
do n't be fooled by false advertising .
the picture shows a shure .
what you get is a poor quality copy that sounds like s___ .
it seems this mic needs a preamp to work fine .
but i have none here to try it .
the sound that this mic picks up is terrible !
the mic in the camera could pick up sound louder and further away .
do not buy this !
then , the mic was stored for about a year and a half .
a fresh alcaline battery was used in each test .
basically , i 'm now stuck with an out-of-warranty piece of trash .
bye bye , $ 25 ( at least it was that cheap !
bought one 18 years ago for $ 50 & 7.25 % sales tax !
wide frequency response compared to most consumer microphones .
it is not omnidirectional .
it 's a figure 8 with slight attenuation in front & behind .
you would n't use it for clear sound straight ahead .
the included plastic clamp disintegrated long ago .
the bolt-on cable quickly wore out .
also , the battery contact is weak & glitches .
half of the microphone length is the battery & 1/8 '' minijack .
it may eventually be ground off in favor of home made phantom power .
i purchased this to be used on my sony trv-320 which is stereo capable .
barely a faint sound was recorded .
thought uploading to the pc to my video editor might enable volume change .
tried simply speaking directly into the mike - nothing .
either i had a bad unit , or there are compatibility issues .
i returned it today and will continue to look for another solution .
i have to be honest i went for the price and was disappointed .
the microphone has lots of features and accessories but did not work for me .
the microphone had a loud hum with the playback .
i found it unacceptable for my purposes .
my microphone produced more hiss than sound .
owners manual was missing and there was no plastic bags either .
it appears to be used .
i guess mine was a returned unit !
of course , i did a return ... beware , you may get it !
ordering and shipping was great through amazon .
when i received it , i tested it with my mp3 recorder .
the resulting level was enough to hear .
yesterday i tried it out recording the children 's christmas pagent at church .
however , there were two things that made me decide to return it .
it even picked up the motor noise that the internal mic does not .
the second is that it is highly susceptible to electrical interference .
this microphone did n't work , and i returned it .
all you could hear was static .
my $ 3 microphone works better .
ok , my disappointment partly has myself to blame .
i wanted to make the sound recording part of my videos more professional-sounding .
as you can imagine , this is not what i wanted at all .
-- overpowering the subject 's voice .
the mic 's construction is really cheap and flimsy .
it 's very crudely made .
used as a computer microphone , the audio is also very quiet .
kind of disappointing since i paid almost $ 30 for it .
also , for the record , this is not stereo .
unfortunately , i could n't get the device to work properly .
the normal mode did n't seem to work at all .
do n't waste your money ! ! ! !
i 'm sure your internal mic would be better than this mic .
it is painfully difficult to use .
the amplitude produced by the mike is very low .
i 've had this mic for almost two years .
in that time it has only left my home occasionally .
it 's never been abused in any way .
today i went to use it and it was simply dead .
i tried a fresh battery and nothing .
shame on audio technica for putting this piece of junk on the market .
my how times have changed .
it gets two stars simply because it sounded good when it did work .
a waste of [ ... ] bucks !
a non-condensor mic performs better than this thing .
on the good side , it looks pretty with the wind shield on it .
cons : -this microphone will pick up camera noise if mounted on the camera .
-not a professional level mic , by any means .
the mic built into your prosumer ( not consumer ) camera probably works better .
pros : -slightly more directional than my camera 's microphone .
you 'll need an extra long cable , of course .
buy a different , more reliable brand .
i used my atr 55 for about 8 weeks and it worked fine .
then it developed a hissing noise .
tried new batteries and it did n't work .
it is even worse on the `` tele '' setting !
it totally ruined one of my productions !
what is up with his mic ?
do they all go bad like this ?
does anyone know how it can be fixed ?
at first i loved this mic now i think it is garbage !
typically , they do n't state this in the tech specs .
and the single channel sound is not that great do n't buy it .
-a waste of money .
device was on , used 2 different new batteries ... nothing .
this is a good product for the price tag .
it does the job ... one thing !
other than that , it 's decent .
i purchased and quickly sold two atr-55 's .
i would not purchase these under any circumstance .
otherwise you would n't hear a thing .
also a lot of noise was present .
i contacted customer service , but never got any answer .
too bad that a company like audio technica allows for such a bad quality .
it 's now may , and all but two have failed .
azden makes a similar microphone for a few more dollars .
so far , so good .
i did identical tests with this mic , and with my camcorder 's mic .
i guess you get what you pay for .
well , i did considerable research for comparable low-budget microphones .
i performed a few mic .
tests to create a standard for evaluation .
i filmed six scenes .
i used imovie to import my recordings to evaluate the audio .
for this review i tested my on-board stock mic. , a radioshack lavaliere mic .
and the audio technica mic .
my results are as follows : i. out-of-the-box standard mic .
: performs with mediocre results , less than desired by current.tv standards .
is expected to perform and produces a somewhat muffled sound .
: disappointing sound quality .
for $ 53 i expected this mic .
to improve upon my equipment 's stock microphone ; it did not .
the regular setting was just as loud and clear as the stock mic .
but it also delivered a softer audio recording .
overall it was difficult to distinguish between this mic .
and the on-board mic .
; and certainly not worth the extra duckets .
radioshack lavaliere mic : the audio was significantly enhanced .
down-side : this mic .
do n't forget to switch the mic .
on ; this one also requires a stereo adapter .
i was hoping this audio technica mic .
would provide an increase in performance worth the additional cost .
the lesson i learned is that it is all or nothing .
shell out $ 200 for a pro/pro-sumer grade mic .
or get by with what you have .
you can improve your situation with a lav .
but so far i have not discovered a budget shotgun mic .
additionally my credit card was charged twice .
i need for your to correct that .
i have instructed my credit card company to collect the $ 21.98 extra charge .
will review performance when we 've had a chance to use it .
the azden wlx-pro system is not really very good .
you get basically two choices for channel , that 's it .
can you hear the voices with it ?
it does have a headphone output , which is good .
however , the belt clip is very cheap and can break pretty easily .
the antenna does n't appear to do anything either .
in addition , does not work well like other more expensive microphones .
beware , there is also no attachment included for the clip-on mic .
this needs to be purchased separately .
terrible advertising ... you want quality , look elsewhere .
the audio was very distorted and there is no way to adjust the gain .
i 've had this for 2 years now .
it makes no difference if i 'm right next to the receiver or now .
you 're basically playing audio russian roulette with your audio with this .
do not use this for professional recordings !
i 'm now trying to find a new wireless system .
i used this for pranks it was good when it was new but now s***ty
very low quality for the price .
additional parts needed to make this work .
for true beginners only .
the microphone itself is very subpar and sounds a bit muddy .
not suitable for recording professional audio .
i 'm very careful with my wires and how i keep everything stored .
i would n't order these again .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
friends of mine have this and are ok with it .
i do not recommend this .
i purchased this item for use in filming instructional videos for work .
at times it has great difficulty overcoming interference .
but , sometimes even further away from these units it struggles .
no difference between the sound quality and the internal microphone .
i 'm disappointed that amazon would offer this product .
they work , but thats almost the only positive thing .
i do n't recommend this for any kind of production .
sound quality is s*** .
the earplug thing for monitoring is either very quiet or doesnt work at all .
i bought this unit to use for recording videos for my business .
other than sound quality i have no complaint .
there is way too much hiss , i expected no hiss for this price .
i would recommend one with an xlr conector .
i purchased two of these `` pro '' wireless lav mic systems .
i turned on both transmitter and receiver and chose f1 as the channel .
i moved it to f2 frequency , and it seemed to clear up .
i then turned on the 2nd transmitter and receiver and chose f1 frequency .
i had someone walk around with that one .
same thing , hissing and drop outs .
to my surprise it was still hissy and dropping out .
i was going to get overall broad shots and get audio of the ceremony .
omg , how embarrassing .
i am a musician and performer .
i am not thrilled with the construction .
do yourself a favor .
i will update this as soon as i get results of testing .
this mic should be more like $ 50 max .
the range is terrible .
i ca n't count how many times this product has failed me .
i have a pair of azden shotgun microphones which work well .
this mic however is barely adequate for amateurs just having fun .
when you open the box , you are greeted with wm-pros not wlx-pros .
it 's printed right on the modules !
transmitter range is awful !
mic is tinny and cheap sounding .
high pitched buzzing noise , regardless of channel 1 or 2 !
i feel cheated and scammed .
i truly hate this product !
yeah , it 's not that much , but i expected better performance .
i bought this for interviews to create a documentary video .
the plastic transmitter and receiver was so light that i questioned its durability .
it just seems like an empty plastic box though .
seems a bit cheesy .
not sure if i 'm going to order from them a replacement .
that restocking fee kinda bites .
after 4 months of use , the cable cuts in and out .
i finally replaced it with a name brand cable .
good for scratchy pots ... a disaster for faders .
both pieces were never toured and kept covered .
the arp was bought new .
and you ca n't return it .
so , just do n't buy it .
this is my first experience with this product .
i used this on 3 out of 8 faders on my korg nanokontrol2 .
but if that 's the case , why does this product exist ?
it 's supposed to clean + lube faders .
that 's it 's raison d'tre , the whole point of this product .
( sorry for the whisper-level audio . )
the straw does not fit the nozzle .
this has happened to me once before .
it makes my purchase basically useless , and a waste of money
i am sure i will love the product if it ever delivers .
this sound is not what i heard at boy scout camp .
it sounds like a recorder instead of a whistle sound .
you get what you pay for .
the book did help with the fingering .
i just wish the quality of the whistle was better .
got the irish tin whistle in good condition as was the book .
cd and book did n't have as much helpful information as advertised .
this item is somewhat pointless .
the book , cd and whistle are all ok , but not the package .
if you play by ear you do not need the book .
this does not teach proper methods for learning the whistle .
the songs in the book are not traditional .
the whistle is only ok for someone beginning .
the coating peels off in a messy way .
i spent more and bought at proper book and a better flute .
it 's worth it in the end .
much possibility - how much practice is enough to deliver it consistently ?
both tones are the same , and there is little to recommend this chime .
the mallet is plastic and so it does n't resonate well .
two rod chime has same tone on both chimes .
note the same girth and length of the rods .
a `` woodstock '' chime .
fooled again in trying to buy an american made product .
it does make a chiming sound so i gave it 1 star .
i purchased this tone set to use in my kindergarten classroom .
what is the point of having two tones when they are the same ?
arrived with scratches and paint ( ? )
stains on the chime , scratches and chips in the wood .
beautiful sound but sad it was n't in good shape .
please do n't buy this chime - save your money and buy something else .
i would have returned it - but the company has a no return policy .
cut the thread holding the hammer and broke it !
should let your customers know how to unpackage it correctly .
thank you for listening .
this chime made too much of a high pitched , tinny sound for me .
very disappointed that i can not return the item .
item not as pictured , it did not come with black mallot .
although it is pictured with it .
and you can not return it .
i guess i got a dud .
i am going to return it .
i do not like when they show one thing and deliver something else .
the metal is opaque and not as shown .
not happy with the level of dishonesty .
was n't able to return .
disappointed i was n't able to return item .
nicely made but very weak tone .
very tin- like sound .
probably something that should not be bought online without hearing it firsthand .
i ca n't even use the chime effectively since mine arrived without the mallet .
you had one job -- to put 2 pieces in a box .
poor quality control from china that reflects poorly on an american company .
a sure return and potential replace .
will be calling the company .
poor quality tone , does not resonate much and is quite flat .
also , apparently no return is possible .
the chime is fine , but mine did n't come with the mallet ! !
not what i expected .
the tone did n't last for a very long time .
plastic handle , wood , the whole thing felt cheap too .
and then buy it when you find the right one .
i guess , you get what you pay for !
expected a better sound from a woodstock chime .
the pitch and tone are awful as it painfully hurts your ears .
it is not soothing or peaceful at all .
this was a total waste of money !
i 'm not sure how to explain it .
i bought it as a gift and was upset with the sound .
it was nice quality though
package arrived with string around broken ... does n't work ...
will need to return .
do not like the tone .
less resonation than a child 's toy .
for the price it 's well made .
win some ; lose some .
not at all what i expected .
beautiful sound and resonance !
the sound is rather muted .
the quality of the chime is just so-so , a little cheaply made .
the hitter is made of plastic and feels cheap , too .
it is certainly overpriced , but i do n't bother to return it .
it does the job to get attention , just not in a musical way .
this was much lower quality that i expected and i have never used it .
it had a very clear tone that reverbed forever .
so i ordered another .
oh , the sound !
it 's just a high pitch that hurts my ears .
i ended up giving it away to my coworker .
made in communist china .
write woodstock & complain .
products were originally made in us .
between the group of us , we probably own 20 of this chime .
recently , i lost my chime , and ordered a replacement on amazon .
the sound quality is nothing like the recording sample that you hear .
it sound so bad , that i returned it .
i consider it defective .
i would gladly paid twice a much to order the old design .
the product is as advertised .
it is visibly cheaply made .
the wood and metal detail is sloppy .
the metal rod was not in good geometric alignment with the wood .
you get what you pay for .
the chime is tied off-center in the wooden cradle .
does n't look good , does n't sound good .
the sound dies down very quickly .
this solo one is not a good purchase..
having to send back because the mallet was missing .
hopefully the replacement will include the mallet .
the sounds by themselves are too high pitched and equally unpleasant .
i bought it to get students ' attention during my training class .
the sound is very shrill .
this is not the relaxing , soothing sound i was expecting .
i decided to send it back because i dislike the sound so much .
be careful if you order this .
it is not the beautiful sound some reviewers say it is .
very annoying , sharp sound .
i returned it and ordered a replacement which had the same problem .
this must be an example of mass production with no quality oversight .
the right side is canted up with a half inch space .
the left side , less than a quarter inch .
it looks plain awful because of it .
they just did n't care enough .
you pay premium prices for woodstock chimes and products .
i expect premium quality control .
it 's too late for me to send this back .
if you want a photo , just ask .
i just received mine and it was missing the mallet .
not melodic as i had hoped .
i use it for the classroom the get students ' attention .
the three sounds ... just bah .
i ordered this to help quiet down and calm students in my classroom .
both chimes were not in a major chord with the last chime being dissonant .
i bought this for my classroom but do n't like the tones it uses .
it needs a nicer chord .
going to try to return .
do n't be fooled by false advertising .
the picture shows a shure logo .
what you get is a copy fake replica with no bard on it .
do n't be fooled by false advertising .
the picture shows a shure .
what you get is a poor quality copy that sounds like s___ .
their media player used to apply this info to a list of 1..n tracks .
it is a real half hearted attempt .
maybe i expect too much from the largest s/w company in the world .
i expected to turn my cassette tape collection into mp3s but could not .
includes an audio converter .
if you do n't know what a codec is , get lost !
that is the most misleading statement i have ever seen on a microsoft product .
that 's not what this program does .
microsoft is getting worse at what it includes in its plus !
if you 're looking to waste money , well by all means buy this .
while the intentions behind plus !
for example , we have plus dancer .
after about 5 minutes my amusement with this feature was gone .
the only feature that i have ended up using was the alarm clock .
otherwise , just hit the net and look for some decent share.ware
i 've gotten free downloads from microsoft with more value .
alarm clock ? ! ?
who sleeps by their computer ... ( okay , some of us do ) .
need i say more ? ! ?
ok , my major complaint with the last version of plus !
was that it gave you little to nothing ; mostly demo and watered-down programs .
is now only available for xp ) .
other than picture story , there is really very little of value here .
the dancers and alarm clock lose their novelty after the first 5 minutes .
i own a pocket pc , so the synchronization tools are welcome .
all in all , it 's `` ok '' .
it 's nowhere near a `` must-have '' item .
i would only suggest it if you catch it on sale .
just thought that was important enough to add .
no fix planned , according to their customer support .
i 've asked about this , but get no answer .
this is a pain as you try to recreate your label inserts .
i bought the top-of-the-line dell to handle all the system requirements .
and now , the video portion has finally stopped working .
a waste of good money .
( system instabilities , etc ) you have been warned .
crashed a lot and is n't compatible with newer hardware or operating systems .
i ended up buying nero and giving this away .
it turned out to be a nightmare .
cds were not able to be finalized .
i 've been exchanging emails with roxio technical support ever since .
i can not copy a cd using the disc copier function .
what is wrong with companies these days ?
they grab the money and run .
never mind whether the customer gets the functionality they are paying for .
amazon.com , on the other hand , is one customer-oriented company !
yes everytime you need an software update/patch , you need to login with password .
registration needs an valid email address and your roxio software key .
and pray that you do n't loose your cd key .
somehow this is one evil way roxio try to get your business .
i purchased this product and when i record it gives me an error message .
i have lost many cds trying to get this rip off to work !
i award one star , 'cause the system will not allow a lower rating .
roxio `` support '' has been no help .
i 'd love to hear from other 's who have had this problem ! !
i foolishly bought the upgrade for roxio .
i finally switched to nero .
it is the only way to go .
being an engineer , i can only believe that software engineers must run roxio .
if you have patience and a masters in i.t .
you probably will enjoy being roxio 's beta site and using the product .
if not you will be totally frustrated .
trying to get assistance is virtually impossible .
for my money its easier to use nero .
i expect that version 7 is n't much different .
i have been using easy cd creator 5 platinum successfully for quite some time .
i tend to go for updates of a product when i 'm happy it .
only thenafter is the disc ready to use ( i.e .
saving files on it ) just as a floppy disc ( i.e .
( note : i have not used it with dvd discs ) .
then the problems started .
1. blank new cds can not be formated any more .
so my cd/dvd burner now is turned into a cd/dvd rom drive .
so i have to reboot my pc .
those problems left me with crappy software and cd/dvd burner .
if you are willing to take a riks buy it .
i followed instructions and lost everything .
this product is a failure .
at last i had kick this software and i am so happy .
now i am using nero which is is world class software .
do n't buy this software ever at any cost .
and if it is coming with your 's computer do n't use it .
i do n't even know where to start .
i have never seen a more blantant disregard for customer satisfaction .
uninstalling it was one of the highlights of my life .
technical support is a joke to say the least .
i will never buy anything from roxio or any successors .
i tried calling the tech .
support number and the area code had changed .
there is no mailing address , save their legal department .
the web site support is very lacking in assistance .
caveat emptor is the best expression for roxio products .
find an alternate product that does the same job .
however , i can only use 60 % of the space on the cd .
that was the first wierd thing .
as i was archiving cds , i have some problems .
some cds could not be copied .
some cds that i created using easy cd creator were invalid or corrupted .
i created iso images on my hard drive and created cds .
you do n't want to gamble with this .
i 've been using cd creating software since 1997 , mostly from adaptec .
this particular version ( 6 ) only works when it wants to .
that must be why i 'm not in marketing or economics .
i ordered nero 6 ultra instead .
winxp has a better burning package for free .
i bought this solely based on the `` roxio '' reputation .
the dvd crashed still ! ! !
so i stepped outside then threw this entire package into the trash .
i checked roxio.com but all they answered me was no help for me !
let me give you an advice , do not waste your money on this !
i now have a fat partitioned f : drive containing some system files .
i have a 7 month old dell machine running windows xp .
after uninstalling and reinstalling i still had the same problem .
some even had to restore their pc .
sent emails to their tech support and received one answer so far .
i will never buy another roxio product again .
i treated the negative reviews here with skepticism .
but they appear to be bang on target .
i 'll go back to the earlier version .
until roxio makes clear -- in .
i can not believe anyone selling this kind of horrible software .
this software will cause a lot of damamge than a good .
roxio should recall this junk immediately .
it 's like hiv .
it screws up your system and you ca n't get rid of it .
i wish we had the option of awarding zero stars !
a bunch of bucks later , and i still ca n't burn cd 's .
now i 'll probably have to re-format my c : drive and re-install everything .
why , oh why do we keep falling for this idiocy ?
this is the first time i have ever written a review .
roxio needs to fix their bugs before making their real profits .
after rebooting i got an inaccessible_boot_device error .
again roxio easy cd creator caused the problem .
i found it using google .
they have one for compaq ( [ ... ]
all the bad reviews are true ! !
i 've been working with computers long enough to fix minor/major bugs .
but this software qualifies as a virus !
i , too , would have given it zero stars , if possible .
their discussion groups are largely the blind leading the blind .
i am looking for a new software .
i purchased the product because of dvd builder .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
it simply does n't work .
not so with costco .
i recommend buying software through them if possible so as to avoid this problem .
to summarize : this software is crap and you should demand a refund .
i 'm returning it and you should too if it 's not too late .
run from this software as fast as you can .
a definite do n't buy !
btw , i mean *constantly* , it was really ridiculous .
i will never buy a roxio product in my life .
hidden partitions also showed up as newly assigned drives .
now my computer works fine .
after getting unhung i went to the roxio web site and downloaded a patch .
the patch did about as much good as hitting my computer with a shovel .
my advice - if roxio has stock , do n't buy it .
these guys ca n't possibly stay in business much longer .
trying to contact techical support was a joke .
if i could , i 'd give it a minus 1 star rating .
every version has problems .
1. slide show is a joke .
first attempt at dvd burning .
the advertising is misleading saying you can burn slide show dvds .
i do n't think so .
that is simply laughable .
2. sound editor is a joke .
the advertising says , `` powerful editor . ''
the fact is it has only basic features .
i recommed you immediately download voyetra 's audio surgeon like i did .
it worked first time an was extremely easy to use .
it still crashes routinely .
4. one good thing to say .
in this mode , it makes windows media player look very bad .
this product needs some work .
it also needs humans answering the phone .
hours of work wasted !
i contacted their so-called `` technical support '' ( ha ! )
by phone and email , but still have n't heard from them .
i did n't pay for this .
most of the copies out there now do include the newer engine .
if you upgrade to 6.x via the web you can kiss dvd burning goodbye .
however , look at their own site forums and on the web .
it 's a wide spread issue .
the fix is supposed to be out in late november .
i would wait until it is out and tested first .
the end result is a 4.7 gig burn that renders to about 2 gigs .
it 's almost unrecognizable when you play it .
pixilation so bad that is resembles a mosaic pattern .
another problem is the software keeps attempting to finalize cd-r disks .
throw that one away too .
finally , i burned a 1-hour dvd .
your call on buying this !
one thing i liked ... the nice box it came in ...
i had easycd `` cremator '' basic that came with a micro-advantage dvd burner .
i made a total of 7 coasters ( dvd recordables ) and several cd-rs .
it would occasionaly work with my previoulsy installed cd burner .
anyway i took the drive back thinking it was bad .
i bought a new pioneer drive , same problem .
do n't the hardware manufacurers test their drives with the software before packaging it .
oh , the drag to disk worked occasionally with the cd burner .
i guess that is worth about 1 star .
i had the platinum 5 version which i upgraded .
using windows me , this worked fairly well .
i called dell , they tried very hard but could not correct the problem .
i then re-enstalled version 6 , the same problem , i then called roxio .
i then erased the program , and returned it .
i purchased nero 5.5 which works fine .
the people at dell and roxio did not know what caused the problem .
in truth i can not recomend a product which seems so variable .
pinnacle 's instant cd+dvd might be more suitable for you .
i got easy cd & dvd creator 6 bundled with a dvd+/-rw drive .
needless to say , i was eager to get burning .
but , that 's neither here nor there .
i 'll cut to the chase .
i then performed a fresh install of windows xp .
i then installed service pack 1 and all critical updates .
clearly there is some serious problem with this software .
a bug this serious should 've been caught before beta testing .
many knowledgeable people advising to steer clear of this product .
i echo that sentiment .
it main problmes are 1 ) poor user interface ( i.e .
* it will not allow you to use your own mp3 naming format .
* standard features like normalization are simply left out .
want to find out how to burn an iso ?
no table of contents to just search iso .
you must wait on pages & pages of worthless timeconsuming manuals via pdf .
this is really the unforgivable part .
* things like dvd builder are amazingly enept .
both do the same thing .
ok saved just like the option for save .
thanks for nothing roxio .
that version was impossible to get working on a windows 98 machine .
every iteration of this software is wracked with problems .
windows xp has been around for plenty long enough .
the drivers for xp and 2000 should be just about the same .
ati has finally gotten their xp drivers up to par .
creative has done the same .
i recommend people switch to nero and do not buy this .
i will not buy another roxio product .
i will go back to nero .
never had a problem with it .
i bought this so that i could burn digital video onto a vcd .
roxio 's tech support is useless .
product does not remove previous edition , and does not load .
and then the problem is still not resolved .
undoubtedly , this company does not care about customer support or service .
i was very eager to put these all on dvd for my family .
the series of problems i had with this process was simply amazing .
the software did n't have fast forward or rewind buttons .
the software crashed numerous times .
i tried to simply write an image to disk .
the roxio message boards are full of complaints from people with the same problem .
i sent an email to their tech support .
this software should never have been released in the buggy state it is in .
do n't expect any kind of tech support from roxio .
both audio and visual playback quality of captured video clips was horrible .
i was unable to burn , as it repeatedly froze up after encoding .
what a waste of money !
this thing is buggy too .
shows do not run the entire length of songs and transitions are buggy .
who beta-tested this software - someone from microsoft .
it frankly does not work let alone work as advertised .
it consistently stops burning and displays error messages .
there is no way to correct them .
i have tried burning at speeds from 40x down to 8x .
i 've tried different media and roxio 's `` smart burn . ''
the same applies to disc copying .
i was able to burn 1 cd .
it took almost 7 hours and left off the last 2.5 tracks .
save your money and do n't bother with this program .
it is a total waste .
roxios ' support people told me to remove everything from my start up list .
stay far away from this bomb ...
the concept is fantastic !
however , the product will not preform as advertised .
the music ( sound ) will always be too long or two short .
when using random transitions you will never know how long each one will take .
once-in-a-while the random transitions will disappear half way through the project .
forget about technical support .
once you start the fast forward it goes all the way to the end .
eventually it comes back but in the meanwhile it 's a pain .
was a total waste of $ ...
had basic 5 version , which gave me problems .
tried to upgrade , blew the hard drive .
norton said 1038 registy errors .
talked with computer shop , found that the errors `` not unusual '' .
ecd has a great label maker , but for everything else i use nero .
when i installed it , it asked to be rebooted .
when it rebooted it knocked out my computer would not reboot .
technical support for my video card could not find a solution .
reinstalling windows did not solve the proproblem .
easy creator has always given me some problems .
it is a tempermental program to begin with .
i bought this against the advice of several reviews on this site .
you can only do that in windows explorer .
it 's ok , but not worth the $ i paid for it .
system freezes , error messages , etc .
plus the upgrade is so expensive , do n't be mad to buy this .
i have used roxio 's toast program in my college classes .
this product is pitiful in compairson .
it rewrote something in the bios and is causing problems with the whole system .
and this may not even fix the problem ...
the main problem : this horrible product corrupts at the drop of a hat .
run as fast as can from this product .
there are too many kinks in this program to work out .
the layout is great , but execution is poorly done .
as soon as this was installed on my computer , it crashed .
we had to wipe the entire drive because of this .
too bad i did n't think of doing that before i bought the software .
unfortunately this product is still very buggy .
version 5 works just fine .
i would stick with v5 if you have it .
wait until they release a service pack .
i am a heavy user of older easy cd creators .
talk about a nightmare !
my problem is with the sound editor function .
there is absolutely no help in the user 's manual .
no help with the moving cursors .
the email support is meaningless .
i would return the package if i could .
wayne is my name .
creating a wav file at 10mb/min is n't worth the upgrade .
i just want my mp3 .
i 'm going back to 5 .
do n't buy this product if you 're expecting a rebate from roxio .
a reboot would fix it , yet sometimes it would persist .
( not very promising ) .
i 'm not sure how they let this product out the door .
it 's too bad becuase their earlier versions did its job relatively seemlessly .
my first version was 4.0 and it performed excellent .
never had a problem and everything worked perfectly well .
but worst , it made my pc even slower ! ! !
i have been very happy with roxio products until this upgrade .
this product should never have been released .
and my mp3 files all disappeared .
all they had was `` i 'm sorry . ''
that 's not good enough .
the icing on the cake is that the program does n't even work well .
i hate to think about the data cd 's i 've made .
roxio released this version before it was ready !
the package is rich in advertised features , and supposedly xp compatable .
my experience was less than good , to be polite .
the roxio discussion boards are full of howling customers with serious problems .
i urge potential buyers to check them out before you buy .
the software now costs another $ + in toll charges .
problems : the photosuite function made my system crash .
the cd copier made my system crash .
the drag-to-disk was inoperable .
the cd labeler prints a hideous roxio label in an overwhelmingly big font .
i removed the program and got the final insult .
all in all , a very expensive lesson .
for what it is worth , this is my experience .
roxio does it again with poor xp support .
buggy , constant lock ups .
hey roxio : xp has been out for well over a year .
make your software work with it or fade into obscurity .
this software is technically complicated .
after about a year , they announced ( very discretely ! )
there was no offer to compensate those that paid for this software .
even after that debacle , the tech support has not improved .
try nero 5.5 , pictureit , and realone player .
a much better combination .
it took me three days to recover the system .
... just my 2 cents worth , but i thought you should be aware .
if you get this program , plan on the extra expense for other software .
does n't work with my pro-ject debut carbon .
the answer is : it cant .
try another barbie game like barbie horse adventure .
she always chooses her barbie as rapunzel game instead .
this stylus worked great for about a month .
i have no idea why or how .
anyway , it worked great right up until it broke for no apparent reason ...
1 of these came bent bought as replacements , messed up ! !
they do track better but bass response is lower as well as output .
they were kinda a let down .
i guess i 'll be looking for some new groove master 2 's .
i was pretty upset when i received these and realized they were knock-offs .
make sure your needles say shure on them !
stay away ! ! ! !
be wary of buying this product .
i also had problems getting technical support help .
i was very disappointed .
headphones are very low .
the material looks and feels very cheap .
would not recommend this product to anyone that has a studio .
you get what you pay for .
they feel like they are going to break .
and when music is played with them it sounds like pure s*** .
its a crackling sound so loud you cant hear what your listening to .
a baby monitor , monitors sounds too .
a weird things happens when you place these in your ears .
a wind tunnel feeling traps the sounds and splits them apart in weird places .
i 'm moving from 2 to 1 star .
the sound is good and it 's very comfortable .
these headphones are not very good .
the problem with these headphones is a very unbalanced frequency response .
guitar , organ , drums , and vocals ) would be back stage .
it is those back-stage instruments that are playing the main musical content .
so for the folks who read this ... buy a battery too ! ! !
i 'm a tenor who use pc to record my vocal .
this mic is just so-so , slightly better than a chat-mic .
i purchased this microphone & i am returning it the same day .
ca n't complain too much , it was less than $ 10 .
i have not tried this product with other devices .
i use my pc for all of my recording .
mic is solid , no complaints about the microphone unit itself .
it does this constantly .
factor a new cable into the price before you finish shopping .
arrived on time , and operational .
okay for karaoke use , though not great .
used it only for a few hours .
now the brand new microphone does n't work .
i bought it despite the warnings that the gain was very low .
i planned on using it in my computer .
well , that was n't good enough either .
this mic needs a microphone pre-amp .
that being the case you could buy a better microphone with that money .
do n't by this mike .
its a piece , it cuts out , and crackles .
save your money and buy elsewhere
do n't buy this .
there are deaf toddlers who can record my voice better than this microphone .
it works - badly , so i give it one star .
could not return as i had the receipt drycleaned !
why on earth would sony design and sell this product ?
this time i have the receipt and surely will return it !
we just purchased this from a different vendor .
thank goodness we do n't have to deal with return shipping ! !
it also does n't have an on/off switch .
with the boombox volume at a decent level , nothing came through the microphone .
did not work with anything .
but for the price i ca n't complain .
but i mean the price says it all !
horrible , flimsy , and broke quick .
you get what you pay for .
you can barely hear it .
when its plugged in and on .
one works sometimes ... the other one is worse .
these are crappy excuses for microphones .
do not but these .
i tried un 2 places and it does n't work
quality is very poor .
garbage , arrived not working ... thank god it was only 8 bucks wasted
did n't work for my daughter radio
i purchased a different brand and it works great .
broke the first day !
this was not at all what i was expecting .
it was extremely light weight and felt fakr
does n't work tried it on everything with a mic.input.no sound.sony+chinese crap as usual .
it broke the same day we got it .
do n't buy for any reason .
i paid $ 3.99 and got ripped off .
the sound is low and of poor quality .
does n't work with a computer ? ? ?
very cheap and not very loud .
needs a mixer button .
very disappointed with this microphone .
do not buy this microphone .
i do like their directional mike the pdmic58 which is very good .
this microphone is going in the trash .
my mistake i did not read the reviews .
we were on a budget and well i should have saved my money .
very disappointed in this particular sony product ...
very little sound comes from this microphone .
this microphone barely picks up sound .
i purchased singing machine smm205 which works fine and threw this one away .
also omnidirectional is not good for voice .
the mic dose not work at all i am not happy at all ! !
it is not sensitive enough for satisfactory sound production .
unidirectional mike has a little better reception because it is made for speaking .
this mic is ok. i would n't recommend it .
it 's the old saying - you get what you pay for .
i was suspicious with the cheap price and for good reason .
( ? ? ? )
i will not be buying another sony mic regardless of the cost !
it is also really lightweight .
you just get what you pay for .
the procuct said it would work for any machine , it did not .
you can only hear sound from it when there is no music playing .
then the music starts and nothing .
i would suggest buying a mic that matches the brand of the machine purchased .
good thing it was only 10 bucks .
i was really upset .
santa brought this for christmas .
it did not last two days !
the mic feels nice and heavy and looks great .
the problem is in the wiring .
and i thought sony could n't go wrong , lol .
well the mic is a piece of junk and worthless to me .
do n't buy it .
spend a little more money and get something that works .
mic itself is very cheap and flimsy feeling .
it makes me so upset .
do n't buy it .
do n't use it .
it is made in china .
please help me solve it .
mic is very bad quality .
very light compared to others i have .
it feels like a toy mic that belongs to a cheap toy keyboard .
this microphone does not work well .
the worst singer gets the bad microphone .
i will buy another kind soon because this will not last .
this may be the cheapest piece of junk you can buy on amazon .
it feels like a kids toy .
boy was i wrong .
do n't buy it for any reason .
this microphone looks ok but it works terrible .
i would not recommend anyone buy this .
i was not impressed by this product at all .
i thought since it was sony it would be good but clearly not .
this never worked for me on an amp or my computer .
do n't waste your money .
it also supposedly has more wattage than some of the others .
thank god i tried it before xmas after my daughters were in bed .
also you can barely hear anything through the microphone .
basically this is a not so cheap , poor quality cd player .
i am returning it asap .
much to my dismay , my daughter returned it tome in february .
we purchased this for our 10 year old daughter .
this guitar is good for a 5-9 year old .
it 's a beautiful guitar but a small 3/4 size guitar .
that makes a difference if you are looking to fit a 9-12 year old .
other than the scale length , i would say this is a good guitar .
the guitar is good , but it is cracked .
guitar had a strong , toxic smell from glues or wood conditioners .
i even checked to see if i was sent the wrong guitar .
the picture attached - is 3 guitars .
the yard stick is 36 '' long .
it was broke had cracks
does not hold a tune and sounds awful .
only marginally better than a toy guitar .
returned was not the quality i was expecting .
also a lot smaller than indicated
honestly i did n't check when it arrived .
i could n't find a way to contact the seller either .
do n't know what to do .
the sound is good though .
hope the seller can help .
the guitar is nice but it 's a 1/4 not a 3/4 .
looks like my regular size guitar had a baby .
giving it 2 stars because it sounds nice .
it was also very orange in color .
i ended up returning it .
does n't even deserve one star .
did n't try argued time .
i could n't use it , because it had steel strings .
do not buy this if you want a normal full guitar .
wish i could exchange this to an adult size ; (
this guitar is not the actual size .
its much smaller than 3/4 .
if you are buying for a toddler its good .
this product cracked in 6 weeks .
do not buy this from them .
i borrowed my friends guitar in order to get my nephew to play .
with new strings , it still sounds lousy .
i have had several guitars .
this was purchased as a first guitar gift for my kids .
otherwise the guitar sounds good for the price .
this item is not the complete cartridge , but instead just the replacement needle .
so be careful when you order .
i 've played many records with it , mostly rock/soul/funk and electronic .
the seller send me new model at440mla , but it 's worse than at440ml .
the seller ( electronics expo ) do n't answer to e-mail .
this at440ml cartridge has been discontinued and is no longer available .
the replacement is at440mla .
please add this type of warning so people do n't waste money .
does not fit frigidaire cook top .
did n't work on an old range .
even with all the adapters these did not fit my range top .
they are not long enough !
did not fit my range as indicated in the description .
the universal adapter did not work at all for me .
they were way too short , even with multiple modifications .
maybe they will work for you ?
if so it can save you money .
the inserts will not stay in position when pushing down to turn on .
some of the washers did not fit properly and the knobs were mush smaller .
could not get them to fit , so just tossed them .
should have returned them for a credit .
i just think its a poor design .
did n't fit my on my stove
did not fit my stove
did n't fit my stove : (
we even tried to shave them down .
we have a kenmore stove top range
i installed one of the knobs .
it looks like it fits but it wo n't turn at all .
they are useless to me .
my fumbling attempts to adapt the knobs have been unsuccessful .
i bought these for my ancient ge electric range .
product description said it would fit lots of stoves .
mine is a regular whirlpool stove and none of the dials fit .
no fault of the seller , but this product is awful .
poorly constructed , cheap looking .
the interchangable rings provided with the knobs are also cheap looking .
sorry , but do not buy this product .
i bought these thinking it would fit my stove , i have a kenmore .
i thought since it had different sizes one was bound to fit .
all were shaped odd and only one would slide on .
i tried putting the knob on sizer and it seemed to fit .
once i tried to turn the knob on it would just turn and turn .
it was so loose !
then to take that small piece out of the knob was a nightmare .
i fond my replacement knobs on ebay !
very cheaply made and did n't work .
i tried many different ones and found the same .
sent some back and ordered other one ... and threw them away .
really cheap ends but what can you expect for the price .
i did n't check reviews before buying so got stuck
i bought two of these and i had problems immediately with one of them .
i determined that the xlr connectors just were n't satisfactory .
fortunately , i 'm decent with electronics , so i got out my multimeter .
i was getting connectivity issues with serveral pins .
so i unscrewed the ends and pulled back the covers to reveal the wiring .
i re-soldered that and tried again .
back to the workbench , pulled apart both ends .
the wrong wires were going to the wrong contacts .
once i de-soldered these , fixed them , and re-soldered them ?
but i do n't suppose one should have to do that .
i 've learned my lesson and will spend the extra money on better cables .
have n't bought nady cables ever since .
i purchased this thinking that i would have it at least a year .
i would have expected better .
ordered two , took them to a show only one of them works .
purchased 1/31/12 and already is crapping out on me .
going to purchase monster - you get what you pay for !
i purchased two of these cables five months ago when i expanded my set-up .
i wonder when the other will fail ... proceed with caution .
very high noise floor .
be warned it adds a horrible hum to you mixer when mics are on .
not that great to be honest highly disappointed would not recommend .
tried ground loop isolator checked everything to no avail .
hums when connected to the system
i wound up returning it and using a behringer xenyx 802 which works great .
i have barely used these cables for mics in a garage band set up .
i would not recommend these at all .
we purchased this as 2nd mic to my kids karaoke machine .
it lasted about a year before it broke .
my kids are n't hard on their things .
it seems to be a wiring issue .
lasted a few uses .
then it started to cut out
this worked great for about 6 weeks then shorted out .
used 2 time and now not working anymore
i would not recommend this product .
it 's too late for a return to amazon .
not worth tje money .
poor connection loss of signal..
stopped working after a day , waste of money .
it is broken after i used for two months .
this microphone had good reviews at the time of my purchase .
i trusted them believing this was a reliable product .
i received it in a timely fashion and it did not appear damaged .
it worked for my first use thank goodness .
but it began to have problems .
i would not recommend this microphone .
returned also with key board
mic does not las long ... do n't buy .
i used it maybe on 3 occasions and it does not work anymore .
i was really disappointed that the mic failed .
it seems like a good quality , but it is not
stopped working after about 3 months
sorry but the cord broke on the 2nd day we had this .
needs a stronger cord .
bought this few years ago but did n't to use .
finally , i used it this christmas .
after using this microphone for few songs it stopped working .
i am not sure if it is the cable or the microphone itself .
switch in the microphone was incorrectly wired so it would no switch on .
poor quality control at manufacturing .
sound quality was not that great for singing .
i 'm going to return it .
this thing broke within a month and i could n't even re-wire it .
do n't buy it .
ordered this to go along with a kid karaoke machine .
started cutting out the first time we used it .
cord did n't work !
i had to go to guitar center for a new cord..
the power button broke on the 2nd use .
stopped working in just over a year and only used a few times .
had to return it .
sound quality is very poor ...
the microphone felt durable enough , i suppose .
it was the cord itself that started to fall apart just after several uses .
the wires within the cord started to disconnect at the plug .
mics stopped working after a couple weeks .
switch on item broke after very little use .
it did n't even last two weeks .
following limited use , the cable pulled out .
recommend others buy a different microphone .
i bought this for my nieces for christmas .
they used it twice and it 's already broken .
it broke after using it for one month .
on/off button broke in three days ( used maybe three or four times ) .
my daughter received this for christmas and it broke within 2 days .
one twin was not happy .
i bought this in addition to the hkaraoke machine .
the nady mic worked fine for a couple months but now nothing .
no sound at all .
looks like i 'll have to find a better brand and pay twice .
bought this in may .
gave it to our daughter in october for her birthday .
quit working last night .
then there is this humming noise when i use the microphone .
the noise becomes louder and louder and i have to stop using it .
i guess you get what you pay for .
save your money for a better quality microphone .
broke first day ... not good quality
as delivered , it would not work .
it 's an ok microphone
bought it , used it the same day .
the mic gave out .
the cable seems to be what i bought !
because the mic ended up in the trash !
-.- ' could be a one time incident but still !
had to go spend more money on another mic since that was so dissapointing !
if you get a functional model , you 're in for a treat .
but hey its your gamble .
have another that we will see how long that lasts .
2 weeks after i received the product , the cord or the microphone broke .
even when it did `` work '' , it was still shorting out .
item broke 30 days after i bought it .
would like a replacement .
ok i guess for the price
stopped working after a few weeks
bought 4 of them .
either wire , microphone head , or bottom blug-ins .
this did not work properly out of the box .
the one that came with the $ 50 child 's karoke machine works better .
i 'm returning it .
i bought 2 of these microphones for my daughters for christmas .
the both cords broke instantly !
we used it for a couple of times and found it was not working .
i wanted to return it but found that it just passed the return deadline .
since then i left it in the garage .
it wastes the money .
i rather have something better
cheep not buy this mic
chord broke within the first month of use .
thank goodness for duct tape !
good news , its a $ 10 mic .
bad news , they do not hold up to the rigors of the road .
they are not built for heavy use .
i spin 2-4 nights a week and they simply do not hold up .
all three have went bad at the xlr connection in the mic .
save your money and buy better .
this is cheaply engineered and most likely manufactured in china .
you get what you pay for .
the mic works fine but the cable is garbage .
my mouth has to be on the frame just to pick up clear sound .
this is a good mic for messing around , nothing else .
i do not recommend this mic for any pro audio work .
you get what you pay for here , buyer beware .
buyer beware , you definitely get what you paid for in this item .
after two uses , the unit no longer works .
i tried plugging into different speaker box & mixers w/ the same result .
it messed up a week after using it
do n't waste your time !
these are not worth the time .
very disappointed in all aspects of this purchase !
would not recommend it .
i purchased this mic thinking it was going to be durable .
with adult use , and only approx .
3-5 days after receiving the item , it 's broken .
oh well i guess .
the microphone itself is pretty heavy duty , however the cord is junk .
i returned it and will try a more expensive one .
mics are of good quality but the cords were of low quality .
one of them was shorting and the other does not work at all .
my 8 year old daughter was crushed .
it was broken when i got it i hated it .
i am never buying that product again i hated it
microphone has already fallen apart and volume is less than desirable .
while i love to sing i thought the quality of machine would be better
microphone is ok i guess but the cord that came with it is worthless .
it 's good but not that good their are some electric problems with it .
i rated it because i liked it !
( made in china ) !
this product does not meet out expectations .
it requires manipulation of the cord and the connection during use .
i would not recommend this product .
neither of the two microphones i ordered for my granddaughters for christmas worked .
why do people sell things that they must know does n't work .
as many people as reviewed said the cable was messed up .
they have to know they are screwed up .
the cable is horrible and cheap .
it lasted only about 3 months and then broke .
i wo n't be buying this brand again .
we did n't even get to use it all that much .
my son got this for christmas .
it sounded good for the first couple of weeks he had it .
unfortunately , it now appears to be unusable .
audio cut in and out the first time we tried it .
seems like a cheap cable .
every time i move it with my fingers it cuts out .
she used them maybe 10 times for short periods and they stopped working .
i guess pretty bad build quality .
pretty much only static and noise after 5 days of normal use .
this is one of the worst microphones i have ever used .
i only used it once and had to duck tape it together .
my daughter got this mic for christmas .
shortly after new year 's , it stopped working .
before that , it seemed to work well .
this low-budget mic really was n't worth the money .
i mean , even for a kid it tries their patience .
i give it two stars instead of one because it did sort of work .
that was more than the cost of the item itself !
it never worked from the first time we tried it .
i think i should have been reimbursed for this thing entirely .
i would not recommend this to anyone .
this thing broke after two uses .
this microphone broke after only a couple of uses .
cord went out during a special show .
only lasted 5 shows .
the mic still works fine .
that 's the 3rd nady product to go bad on us .
i purchased this item to use with a small amplifier .
after only 45 seconds of use the microphone malfunctioned and stopped working altogether .
if you want to actually use the microphone do n't buy this one .
also the hassle of returning the product to amazon is a pain and inconvenient .
maybe somethings still need to be purchased at a brick and mortar store .
i bought this microphone for my singing machine .
i waited a month , and they never sent me a replacement .
i eventually got it , unfortunately they sent me a refurbished replacement .
i used it once or twice , and then it stopped working .
my other microphone still worked great with my karaoke machine .
nady 's quality of their products is terrible .
the cheap one that came with my karaoke machine worked better than nady 's .
finally , when i bought this microphone on amazon , it was $ 25 .
do n't waste your money or time on this .
the microphone appeared `` open or used '' and clearly was not working .
very dissatisfied with this product .
i originally bought this as a second mic for my daughter 's karaoke machine .
( i will try to include a picture ) .
it took maybe two months , but it happened again .
this product should n't even be sold .
i would give it no stars if that were an option .
i purchased this as a second microphone for my daughter 's karaoke machine .
i bought it prior to her sleepover birthday party .
the microphone quit working after an hour usage .
the girls were disappointed .
so , i ordered a replacement .
the replacement worked for a few hours , then it quit .
i regret to report the non - dynamic aspect worked briefly , now failed .
this microphone is cheaply made .
the cables short out .
all of them are cracked by the screw in the base .
time to start searching for a better quality one !
seemed fine while it lasted , but beware .
this not a good product .
i bought two of these microphones for my karaoke system at home .
at first , they were wonderful .
the quality was great for the price .
but in less than 2 months , both are not working at all .
both have bad wire connection issues .
i wish i knew who to report this too , assuming anyone even cares .
xlr jack only connects to the microphone .
either way ill be sending it back , for both reasons .
i just received this product and it came without the adapter for pc usage .
needless to say , i 'm quite upset.i
good device , good cable .
we purchased this microphone as a christmas present .
it lasted 1 day before the cable had a short in it .
like always , amazon replaced with no hassles .
do yourself a favor and do not buy this microphone .
the sound alone is worth the price .
i believe the entire setup with behringer mic and xlr cable was approx .
bought 4 of these about 6 weeks ago , using them for classroom .
connection ( 3 xlr pins ) become loose , female cord does n't connect .
would n't buy again .
you can barely hear it and the cord broke in about 2 weeks .
need i say more ?
save your money and buy another mic for 30-40 bucks .
this is the best microphone i 've ever used .
this new nady microphone was so much better than the sony .
technology has really improved since 10 years ago .
the sony mic was no comparison to this new nady mic .
feels heavy in hand ( in a good way ) .
cable is high quality and much thicker than my sony mic .
so i ca n't recommend a product that stops working after only 2 years .
this is a remarkably heavy duty , metal microphone with good sound .
this was a gift for my grandson .
he has taped the cable to the connector .
at this price , it is probably not worth returning .
the wire broke away from the microphone after only 3 weeks of use .
i would not recommend this produt .
my daughter purchased this microphone for her karaoke machine .
it broke after only a few uses .
we never received a replacement and they claim to have no record of anything .
unfortunately i lost the return number so my daughter is out of luck .
bad product and bad customer service .
in less than a week it no longer worked .
i wouldnt reccommend because u really get what u paid for .
mine died too after using it just a few times .
this mic was used six weeks before it failed to operate .
there was no abuse and was only used with the mic stand .
i will opt for a better mic the next time around .
this is useless if you are looking at out of the box product .
the cable that plugs into the mic is looses .
the cable seems well made .
it will sound fine on stereo speakers , but not mono .
i replaced this with a hosa and everything is fine now .
this cable worked for me for one day .
when i plugged in on day two , nothing .
would have returned , but i needed a new cable immediately .
this cable broke within a month for me .
it seems to be well constructed ... do n't be fooled !
lousy warranty would n't you say .
people , the cable merely worked .
i bought it new and during shipping it must have broken !
mine broke after the fourth time i used it !
the sound was too quiet also !
and they `` were '' my best friends !
i spent all the money i had on it !
range is extremely short for this microphone , like 7 feet .
this microphone in theory , is a good deal .
on the first day , the cord broke right at the base .
if you want something cheap , this is okay .
not bad for the price though .
if you need something cheap just for fun , this would be okay .
that 's right , they cut you off .
and most of the `` songs '' are really lessons .
pass on this one .
if you 're an intermediate player approach with caution .
i am very disappointed in this product considering the other options .
you can also download the guitar tab and tone settings .
the bad thing is that the tab playback software is pretty bad .
it 's just displaying a pdf on screen and scrolling as the track plays .
also the number of songs available is a problem .
they are n't really updating their catalog .
overall i would give this a grade c- as a learning tool .
it has potential for intermediate players , but that 's about it .
as a tool for bass guitarist , guitarport is useless .
only two stars for lack of coherence for the education/training this thing provides .
overall a decent product ideally that has been very very poorly executed .
i also bought some of these a few years ago .
i initially gave these a good review .
this is my last alesis purchase .
this is not a matter of people blowing them through playing loudly .
mine blew just sitting idle .
the psu in these monitors was designed badly and will eventually fail .
the resistor gets too warm and is mounted close to the cap .
not at all ) .
these monitors have excellent sound .
i doubt you 'll ever hear a complaint about them on that score .
there are none even close to as good for the money .
they are , however , one of the most unreliable monitors on the market .
capacitors burn out and power supplies stop working .
this unit was in my possession for only 3 days .
the battery cover constantly comes off and the battery will fall out .
the interface and screen is pretty nice , as well as the button placement .
sound quality was also excellent .
its cheap construction can not be overlooked .
my unit 's battery cover did n't even lineup correctly with the case .
pass on this one .
i have had nothing but trouble with it .
it will not support playlist for songs stored on a sd card .
the songs display the wrong artist when switching tracks .
sometimes it will not turn off or the menu will not come up .
i have been a musician for 30+ years .
well , the microphone is phenomenal but the on/off switch is an utter joke .
cant believe how bad the switch is ... .
i got a defective item .
the on off switch is broken .
this feedback is for more for amazon rather than for the product .
i know shure sm58 is an excellent product .
unfortunately amazon sent me a defective one .
but it certainly is disappointing to get a defective product .
i should have gone for the one without the switch .
kept being cords thinking maybe it was the cord .
contacted the seller and no response .
1st of it was a fake !
oh ya when the box says made in china gotcha .
do n't pay 99 or 105 $ for a nock off .
this is counterfeit version of shure product , according to shure inc .
did i get a knock-off that i was assured of not getting ? ?
i get both shure sm58s and sennheiser e 835s from amazon .
however , e835s made the vocal part stand out of the music .
hence i returned sm58s .
hope this review helps for someone with similar circumstances .
i purchased five of these microphones .
i am very angry and disappointed amazon .
looked like a real one but was either defective or fake .
crap , bad sound , poor quality
i 've had a couple pg58 's for 10 years ( same model ) .
i purchased several of these to find they stop working after approximately 10-20 uses .
i have the same complain for this mike as well .
they are two small than expected .
i got this from dual photo deals seller and is a fake product .
no acoustic isolation : every single handling movement was broadcasted .
shure customer service and my local shure representative confirmed the counterfait product .
returned product and in refund process with amazon .
this hunk of junk was counterfeit .
i sent in for repair and shure returned it to me as counterfeit .
i got my money back and bought a blue !
i only had it 6 months .
weerata.wongkraiwhat a piece or garbage .
i ca n't find any information on the seller either !
perhaps these newer mic 's are cheap-o imports ?
it just does n't compare to the sm58 at all .
i 'm by no means an audiophile or advanced critic .
i donated the pg .
there 's just no comparison in quality , volume and performance .
always sounded tinny , no matter what .
this is not original product .
i 'm not satisfied .
too late to return : (
i bought this mic for use doing interviews .
this is not true .
dont need it sending it back
bootleg , terrible , did n't work at all !
i returned this mic due to it 's poor audio quality .
i did not feel that the audio frequency response met my modest expectations .
the sound produced was very `` tinny '' .
i purchased 2 of these mics and one did n't work at all .
sure enough after two uses it does n't work at all either .
and now it 's too late to return it !
do n't buy it !
looks durable but the sound quality is not as powerful as i thought .
i tried to replace the microphone of my karaoke machine with this .
i ordered two shure sm58s .
yet i received 2 sm58 this morning .
could you tell me something is wrong ?
somee how is defects .
i bought female to male adaptor to connect withmy karoke .
no sound at all .
i havw to send all back..
i had to buy these because i had misplaced my sennheisers !
someone had told me to never by the shures with a switch .
i 'm currently requesting a return through amazon .
i 'm hoping to hear back soon from the seller .
whether i kept the mic close to my lips or away .
the on off switch on shure 58 mic did not work .
i ended up returning this product .
may be it was just my luck .
took the 20 % restocking hit as well .
this was my first time when i was trying out home recording equipment .
for those interested in home recordings , this video might be helpful [ ... ]
there are counterfeits out there ... be careful ! ! !
i normally rate genuine shure 57 microphones as 5-stars .
weak signal on my 2i2 , defective batch .
you 're buying a brand , not a quality microphone .
this is n't the shure of the olden days .
this is poorly manufacturer , dull sounding , and un-durable junk .
go with seinheiser or ev , save yourself the headache .
sad but true , shure is n't what it used to be .
that makes it useless for pretty much every other purpose , e.g .
there are much better options .
not worth $ 100 .
returned for full refund , i live amazon returns .
quit working after 6 months .
the shure service department confirmed this is an imitation .
a well disguised counterfeit .
they sold me a copy , and it does n't work .
it has some details that the original do n't have .
i 'm going to take legal actions against the seller for cheating me .
they sold it to me as an original shure sm57
do not buy this mic .
it is a knock off .
not a genuine shure mic .
bought 2. they have the same serial number .
did further research to confirm they are not genuine shure sm57 micd .
this microphone is not original ! !
i returned this immediately .
the top plastic piece with the mesh was wobbly .
not the quality i expected from a $ 100 shure product .
one thing to watch out for is at the xlr connector .
i would not recommend the x2u to anyone .
the design of these mics goes back about 40 years .
but a lot has happened with microphone technology during that time .
virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better .
and all of which have better off-axis rejection and higher gain before feedback .
there are much better choices for your money .
on the plus side , both the sm57 and sm58 are nearly bullet-proof .
i used to have the version 7.x of this program .
worked just fine , did its job .
version 8 then came out , worked fine , not a problem .
wo n't even rip cd 's anymore , what the $ % ! # ?
not a single problem again .
10. great jukebox , lots of cool features , much better than winamp .
capable of burning songs , but never used this feature .
very annoying , not to mention time consuming .
i tried several times , and it still did n't work .
gave the product 2 stars because of the cool features it has .
your best bet is to go with real player .
i have a dell xps with a cdrw and dvd+ram .
tech support did not respond to my help request from their online website .
i could only guess , why it got 5 stars on a other review .
musicmatch jukebox deluxe 8 did not deliver as promised .
update : worked with musicmatch customer service to try to correct my issues .
there is nothing family size about this wash board .
purely decorative not functional .
went apart after couple of uses .
metal part is too lean .
this is not what i wanted .
if you 're just looking for decor , this is nice .
it 's quite flimsy .
this `` replica '' has a giant dot.com address plastered across it .
horrible marketing to put a e-mail website across the product .
it ruins the whole vibe .
i think its supposed to be a toy .
the panel is not wide enough .
do not buy if you plan on using it for washing clothes .
poorly constructed and not sturdy .
galvanized steel is also poorly constructed .
as mentioned , the wood is poorly constructed .
although it said it is made in the us but i am disappointed .
how can rubbing a dirty sock on a smooth wave get your clothes clean ?
it is real wood yes , but super light weight wood .
it reminds me of something decorative and not something that you can use practically .
i am going to return it .
got this program with my new dell computer .
i spent hours putting together a great dvd with photo slides and videos .
when i went to burn it to dvd it kept coming up with errors .
lots of time wasted here .
absolute waste of time and money .
already that 's a lot of time wasted .
# 4 : tech support is a joke .
nearly useless knowledgebase , unresponsive tech support staff .
it is definitely not for total beginners .
the games require that you already know how to read music to some extent .
pay more , get a better kit from say `` elderly instruments '' .
this was an ok kit .
once i was done i let the grand kids use it for a toy .
i thought that my teenagers would like these kits for a unique christmas gift .
they did not like them , however .
when i tried to return them , i ran into some issues .
first i called the company and was told that they were not returnable items .
so my $ 56.00 purchase was returned and i was credited approximately $ 39.00 .
i would not purchase anything from grizzly again in the future !
the hardware was junk as well as the strings .
pass on this one unless you want to use it for decoration .
we tried to connect the inport to a dell dimension running windows millenium .
two 3-hour telephone calls to dell ascertained that the computer was functioning correctly .
be aware of the limits of this software .
file 95/98/nt ( no ) 2000 or xp update .
i am serious , it is that bad .
so , i do n't rate the product very high .
the hardware is good , but the software is terrible .
i had to reformat my harddrive and reinstall windows to sort the drivers out .
avoid this if you do n't have an older computer .
they also had problems with the drivers and ended up downloading them from m-audio .
needless to say , i returned it for a refund .
no supported by windows xp media center .
i finally found this on the manufacturer web page .
bought one of these a while back .
since then i 've changed to vista 64 bit operating system .
big mistake m-audio has no support what so ever .
that was nearly over half a year ago .
stay clear of this company !
too bad , looked like a good product .
did n't work on any of my vista machines .
in system preferences i changed all the proper input settings for the mobilepre .
it was so soft .
i registered so i could sign on and contact tech support .
perhaps this product works with windows machines .
i could n't get it to work on an intel macpro running os 10.5.2
i shopped real stores and bought a beautiful stratocaster .
my musician friends are back in town and say line 6 is better .
no matter i 'm very happy to be playing again .
the m-audio was a refurbish ... no bargain
great price for a portable usb mic pre .
but you definitely get what you pay for .
the audio quality is extremely poor , and it quite often crashed the system .
feature : feature set is also pretty good .
has a pad and twin headphone jacks as well .
i played with this for a while and just gave up and returned it .
value : feature set is great but the firewire side is just not reliable .
instead i wasted a lot of time failing to diagnose what was wrong .
desirability : nice looking product .
they just gave up on me .
overall : feature set is good .
anything plugged into your firewire ports other than the 410 will cause driver errors .
save yourself the money and headaches and invest in another unit .
crackles and a high level of whitenoise in the background .
so i have to shutdown .
i have read reports of people having problems with this unit .
it only seemed like a fraction .
i hoped i would n't be one .
and i use it for writing , photos , video , games and music .
there are other options out there that do n't have the same problems .
all in all this is a hellish little device .
it 's a nice idea but it does n't really work .
hi , i 've been a long time mac and pc user .
i was careful - at all times .
i had the device working one minute .
it was connected the whole time to my fw400 port .
the fw400 was the only device connected other than a keyboard and mouse .
of course , this is just after my warranty ran out .
repair requires new logic board .
this was my last straw with m-audio .
i 've been writing and producing electronic music for 20 years .
i know what i am doing .
the user experience with this device in getting it going is unacceptable .
it wo n't work right at all on a new imac .
not cool , at all .
would not recommend to anyone , will not be buying more m-audio products .
when we first got the 410 , it worked fine .
( little late for that ) .
i 'm sure there are a lot better things out there .
the sound is very stuffy .
i have problems with snaps and crackles constantly .
i have to reinstall the drivers every month or two .
i would never buy this product or any other product from m-audio again .
i just ca n't figure out how they got a deal with digidesign .
this is by far the worst firewire interface i 've had .
i would not recommend this product to anyone .
i 've had mine for several years .
dead as a doornail , even the mac os would n't recognize it .
all it does is blink , showing that it is getting power .
numerous live shows have almost been canceled due this temperamental little beast .
i would not wish this thing on my worst enemy !
i 'm changing my review from 1 star to 3 stars .
all i get is a blue blinking light .
i 've read all the online advice .
nothing works , including my 410. stay away from this product . ''
i do n't understand why , but it 's true .
a real step backwards .
once you understand all that , the thing works great .
the product worked decently for about 3 months .
the mic inputs never sounded great .
suddenly , for no reason , it stopped initializing on startup .
now the extremely bright led light just blinks .
buy something more reliable .
sound is clean , and i love all the inputs and outputs .
notice i said the software is good , not the drivers .
if you plan to dual-boot between mac and windows , forget this unit .
then , you have about an 80/20 chance of it working .
when you boot into windows again later , it probably wo n't get recognized .
then you have to reboot .
are you starting to get the picture ?
now , with most units , this would n't be a big problem .
sounds like a winning combination , does n't it ?
stay far away from this unit .
do n't be lured in by the extra outputs .
i blew out mine while trying to initially install it .
i would definately recomend staying away from this product .
unfortunately i regret it every time i use it .
first off , the device has no os pre-loaded .
it 's loaded when you start up windows/osx and this in itself causes problems .
this makes absolutely no sense whatsoever .
when it 's off it should n't be screaming at you i think .
the drivers are also pretty horrible .
anyway the whole things saddens me .
i can attest to this .
you 're probably wondering why i had two of these units .
i always thought the problems were just my setup until i did more research .
after further research , i 'm probably going to buy a presonus firebox .
it works for a little while , then al the sound goes dead .
wish i would have done more homework before spending my money .
no response from customer service or the retailer ( electronica direct ) .
i like m-audio but stating this box has 4in is misleading .
you can only use 2 inputs at a time .
that should be clearly stated - really lame .
i could not understand what the problem was .
i got this interface to play live shows with my synthpop group .
the audio skips and crackles .
sometimes the unit will stop working in the middle of a performance .
i have to restart the computer to fix it .
needle is not very strong at all !
this product is cheaply , ade
these are ok if you do n't backspin or scratch .
additionally , i found the sound to be disappointing .
stick with m-447s , they are the best .
stylus we 're broken when i got them .
they skip really bad .
one of the two i ordered showed up broken .
have you ever cued a record and heard a little crackle ?
that is the first sign of impending doom for your tone arm .
i say use them if you want to take that chance .
i would dare to say they are the worst of the concord style carts .
cheaper safer alternatives out there .
they sound great , but they break so easily !
i have two of these mounted on sl1200s .
the production of the ones i received was just not good enough .
disappointing since i always thought that shure was kind of a serious brand .
this was just cheap and wasted .
but the shipping and handling of the order through amazon was flawless as always .
had this product for about two months and it worked great .
not for chill music ! ! !
the keys are also incredibly hard to press .
also unable to record music onto computer .
i hate it and im returning mine asap .
do not reccommend no mater how much you want it !
take it from me !
feels cheap ... like laughably cheap .
looks cheap in person too .
sorry the keys feel weird
old technology but not old enough to be interesting .
it broke on me .
no spills or drops on it .
definitely do n't recommend this if you want something long term .
this unit is too small for my axe-fx - a 2u unit .
accordingly , i 'm not able to affix the back end on this case .
this leaves my axe-fx exposed .
do n't buy this case .
this amp blew out in 2 weeks of purchase with light use .
clean channel is fine .
not going to complain about that .
i have no idea what these other reviewers are talking about .
reverb would have been nice , too .
i bought this based on stellar reviews .
i am actually returning this .
i never return stuff on amazon .
this is a first of a lifetime thing here for me .
i own two other vox amps , and they are both great .
this thing is junk .
hard to believe that vox would produce something of this low quality .
it got sent back .
this is my first amp .
the clean volume is surprisingly low !
that upset me a lot when i have to check how some pedals sound .
broke after 2 months - spend money on a good set
good sound for the price .
sound quality is n't that great
i never use them .
i could be using them wrong i guess .
these are pretty cheap .
do yourself a favor and buy something a little more durable .
you get less than what you paid for
could n't it to work on my sony televisions .
not at all comfortable on ears
the sound of these cheap headphones are great !
wish the were bigger .
i ordered 60 of these for our k-5 graders to use in their ipads .
they are not all that durable !
i would n't recommend this item for school age children .
he could n't use them at all .
my son was disappointed !
these headphones were sold at a reduced price , and now i know why .
one of the channels went out within 6 weeks .
it was a total waste of money .
i bought it and i am not a satisfied customer .
i now have to be trying to acquire another headphone .
sometimes it 's ok and at other times it 's just distorted .
they did a great job while they lasted .
4 months later i only have sound out of my right ear .
never yanked on the or mistreated them at all .
just one day stopped working .
sound is also decent .
would not recommend these even for the cheap price .
i must say i am disappointed .
the right ear went out after about a week of use .
the headphones where handled carefully so i can only assume they were defective .
these look good , but they are n't of great quality .
the right ear faded in like 20 minutes .
the ear holes are also really small and it feels really uncomfortable .
i switched songs and noticed the right ear piece was not playing .
i do not recommended the hf125
this bench is only for keyboards that have at least 71 keys or more .
bought this for my wife for xmas and am returning it .
she did n't like the cheap look of the keyboard stand or the bench .
i 'm going to build her a stand and we 'll find a bench .
good for a kid 's room but not an item for an adult .
several months ago i purchased the stanton st-150 to replace my aged benjamin miracord .
i bought it 1 because i thought that stanton was a reputable company .
i 've used their cartridges for years .
and 2 because of the reviews i read .
nothing i do can get rid of the hum until i unplug the cables .
i think ... maybe it 's not compatible with an older receiver .
the left channel is dead .
the email either comes back as undeliverable or goes un-answered .
i 'm so unhappy with my purchase i 've put it up for sale .
i have resorted to turning up my t.v .
sound is poor , needs an amp for most applications
i would no longer recommend these headphones .
while these sound okay , the strength go the headset diminishes factor than expected .
this is very messy .
quit in less than a month of use .
you will get what you pay for .
i bought these to do some basic monitoring for dslr video .
after one trial , i immediately sent them back .
i swithched to these to try something new and they looked comfortable .
i 'd buy the 202s if i could do it over .
these were some of the best headphones i 've ever owned .
so i would not recommend .
not circumaural but more on-the -ear and very uncomfortable .
no sound isolation , very inefficient drivers and hideous sounding overall !
first of all these are incredibly quiet .
i was shocked at how quiet they are .
second of all , they do n't fit right .
they also feel extremely heavy .
i was waiting this item so ansiuous , but my expectation got disapointed .
the cable is really small , cause is curly .
not very practical if you are planning to use from a distance .
ps : sound is so-so , too .
i only got sound out of both earphones for a couple of days .
sound quality sounds cheap , bass is barely noticeable and everything sounds way off .
it sounded like the music was playing in the other room .
even at full volume the sound quality was very poor - below average .
i do not recommend this product .
they do not come close to sealing over the ear for a snug fit .
but poor ergonomics are forgivable if the sound quality is there .
they are not clear .
i purchased these headphones for my father in law .
i was duped by the rather positive reviews of this product .
the headset prong is a weak part .
what a piece of junk .
the headphones reproduced almost no bass .
the high range had a slight hiss , which was also distracting .
tl ; dr : no low range and high range hiss .
i just opened the box and used the product for the first time .
the left channel is really faint , and the right channel is completely dead .
other than that , they are great !
they are comfortable , the cord length is good , and they look nice .
my ear buds purchased from a local dollar store are a far superior product .
imho , they never sounded more than just okay .
on a friend 's recommendation i bought a set of sennheiser hd280 pros .
it 's very comfortable and feels very nice , but its function is lacking .
it delivers an ok sound .
overall great for listening to certain genres .
i bought them from a store about 2-3 years ago for about $ 80 .
they sound fine , except the level is very low .
also , the pair i bought hardly fit me .
no overly accentuated bass , highs sound pretty good .
i was just displeased about the level and fit .
of course , i 'm stuck with them now .
would not buy again .
my doughters love to play with their dolls with it .
not for professional use .
but , the sound quality and price are a-ok .
not happy with this purchase at all .
nope , i was wrong .
it worked like crap .
the light indicating it was on would flicker and it would only work sometimes .
i am so disappointed and i do not recommend this to anyone !
received the nady condenser microphone but it does not work .
we bought a public address system and it came with a shure sm58 mic .
i am guessing the problem is in the switch - within the mic .
they are not as durable as they should be .
we treated ours nice , but that was n't enough .
no on/off switch , this mic is great but not too separate from others .
i forget about the switch untill i got it .
always a noise when using .
try to change the cable but it does n't help .
another reviewer said it made his voice sound dull , and i would agree .
i replaced it with the blue microphone encore 200 studio grade phantom .
not `` bright '' enough !
fake product , this is not a shure sm58 .
poor , realy bad quality .
turned out to be fake..money down the drain
after web search found that this is indeed a fake.. very disapointed..
this turned out to be one , oddball purchase .
i was sold a counterfeit !
it arrived to me 2nd hand , from a pawn shop in the midwest .
that part 's fine .
i generally like pawns .
turns out , this is what i was dealt .
how i discovered crime was when i experienced malfunction of the unit .
next , i sent it to shure for repair .
was i ever surprised by their response .
`` this is not our microphone ! ''
i got back to the pawn shop ( who sold me it ) .
they were quite co-operative and reasonable .
i rejected that offer .
i insisted on my money back .
then , they promptly refunded to me the entire purchase price .
incidentally , they were not interested in receiving the counterfeit item returned .
apparently , was as useless to them , as to me .
i 've received my microphone .
but it is n't original !
i have one original .
and i compare them .
lettering is different , holder is different .
i was asked to return , but i couldn't .
, - shure amazon ' .
poor intelligibility , nondescript , muddy , slow , sludgy sound .
it just sounds like i have cotton in my ears .
even at $ 100 it 's a rip-off .
i never use these for anything anymore .
you can get a sennheiser e609 for less , and it sounds way better .
if you buy this expecting anything but durability , you 're a goofus !
as time goes by , these become less and less the industry standard .
the design of these mics goes back about 40 years .
a lot has happened with microphone technology during that time .
virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better .
there are much better choices for your money .
on the plus side , both the sm57 and sm58 are nearly bullet-proof .
i know singers rave about the shure sm 58 but this product really blows .
i mean this thing sucks the big one folks .
well , i had bad experience buying this microfone ! ! !
i ` m in a bad situation now ! !
good for the price , which is cheap .
the description promises switchable frequencies .
that is not so .
you take your chances with what you get .
loose after using couple times , has to throw away
the cables was good until the wires disconnected .
easy to fix with a soldering iron but a pain i had to .
cables developed shorts in the ends very soon after minimal use .
used brand new at a gig and failed .
sound engineer told me to throw in the trash .
i was very disappointed with this product .
seriously , this a very cheaply made cable and both ends came loose .
not worth my time or money .
amazon really should do something about products that are substandard .
need to manual fix , luckily i have solder station .
spend the extra money and get something good .
you wo n't regret it like you will if you get this .
stopped working in the middle of filming
i bought 4 of these horrible cables all broke within 1 day
i ca n't recommend this cable .
it 's cheap but , well , it 's not good .
this lasted a few weeks and shorted out .
lasted less than 5 months of once-weekly use before middle pin failed .
le cable ne fonctionne pas
defective and does not work .
maybe you 'll get lucky and get a decent cable for this price .
very poor quality control .
it would potentially ruin a great moment .
do not buy this cable at all .
the cable was broke when i got it .
then when i received a working cable , i still had problems .
it had a shortage in the cable .
save your $ $ and buy something else .
these things are terrible .
they just do n't last .
some have been bad right out of the package .
it stopped working after one week !
i am so disappointed .
very thin , cheap cable .
i ended having to pay my friend for his good cord .
definitely not a good buy .
the soidering in the inside of the terminal broke after 1 month .
when it was working , however it had great sound quality .
i 've learned not to buy pyle as it always sucks
spend the money and get a better one .
i had to throw them all away .
they all shorted after 6-8 months of use .
cable crapped out on a shoot after less than 6 months .
should have spent the extra $ for a better cord .
it simply does n't work .
it is simply unfit for its intended purpose .
amazon offers superior cables for a few bucks more .
this product is so useless .
i bought this 15-20 days back .
sound output gets interupted quite frequently and is so annoying too .
please do n't buy this product .
this mic cable was doa .
i will avoid purchasing pyle products in the future .
now they are useless .
btw , what is the average lifespan of an xlr cable ?
the little snap-in mechanism on the female end of this cable fell apart .
the metal casing and contraption just came out .
i found that strange but i still purchased the product .
it came in a box .
the connectors are not molded ones , they are soldered and screw ones .
hence does not last , and not at all durable .
so i recommend you do n't buy this from deals mania .
the amp was very noisy was not what i was looking for .
the information on this unit is misleading .
needed to have more basic info .
but pyle is a good brand and i have bought other things from them .
good for the money ... ...
i had the pyle unit professionally installed in a ventilated rack system .
upon power-up , the sound was distorted , the unit immediately overheated and failed .
returned to amazon for refund .
a powered mixer is required for balanced inputs .
it has xlr connectors but they are not powered .
after 2 years an agc circuit inside has begun causing trouble .
documentation for this equipment is minimal and difficult to understand .
i am not familiar with bare wire speaker connection in a good amplifier .
this would happen several times a day for a period of a few days .
then the system would work fine for a few days .
still the same problem , but not as often .
at pyle 's suggestion , we ran 12 new gauge wire to the speakers .
so ... ca n't blame the input .
ca n't blame the wiring .
ca n't blame the speakers .
we replaced with a bogen amplifier and had no problems since .
you 'd expect me to give this review a `` zero stars '' rating .
these things are always overly cheap and unplayable .
there are other examples .
would actually give it 0 stars if i could .
spend a little more and get a epiphone sg used or something .
his guitar would n't even tune for me .
frustrated and sent it back .
the guitar did n't work ! !
the amp worked but the darn guitar did not work .
now i have to go to a nearby store to get it fixed .
what the heck is up with that ?
i got this guitar for christmas two years ago .
when i played it , it did n't work .
the jack was broken and the whammy bar did n't fit .
the shoulder strap pieces came completely off .
to top it all off , it sounds horrible .
the pick ups buzz awfully and the whammy bar broke off too .
do n't buy this , it 's not worth your money .
its sad but guitar hero is more fun than this .
we ordered this for christmas for my son .
the guitar itself - if you do n't play it , is beautiful .
oh , by the way , made in china .
as in weighs a lot .
but they 're pretty , if thats all you 're going by .
we 've only used the amplifier at home about 10 times practicing only .
i feel sorry for my daughter who needs this to practice .
i was disappointed to find the neck warped on arrival .
the box was collapsed a little , but the interior packaging was pretty good .
the guitar was not damaged .
we could not adjust the strings up enough to keep them from buzzing .
love amazon 's return policy .
this bass is really cheap .
do yourself a favor and do not buy this bass .
i 'm terribly disappointed !
not to mention my daughter 's dismay !
do n't buy this , especially not through amazon !
junk , right out of the box .
the neck was warped , among other things .
spend a few extra dollars and but a reputable brand .
item arrived pretty quick which was a good thing .
relieved the item is was so excited to play it !
only i could n't play the damn thing .
to me it 's just not excusable !
i consider poor customer service .
why ship a product out to someone with this soo obvious defect ? ? ?
horrible ! ! ! ! !
save a little extra for a quality bass- neck was warped , item returned
bought 2 for gifts .
the first one came with a broken string separator on the neck .
too bad they were bought so far before xmas and could n't be returned .
so 2/2 were very poorly made and/or quality control failed .
do not buy this .
i never write reviews , but this one could n't be avoided .
received one that has very bad use and a loose string .
not at all satisfied .
i paid for a new ... very disappointed .
we bought this package recently .
so we returned it back immediately .
do n't buy it .
it came with a busted pickup and i had to send it back .
i was not happy with this purchase .
upon unpacking everything , i noticed that the instructional dvd was n't included .
could i really learn to play bass at 30 ?
i was excited to try .
two days later , when the new tuner arrived ( got ta love prime !
the nagging thought i had of having received a repackaged dud was confirmed .
i bought this music package for my daughter school .
very upset with this product .
got this for my brother for christmas as a beginners guitar .
the amp is n't bad for a beginner though .
the frets are also too sharp to play comfortably according to my brother
bass guitar neck broke in half first day received .
did not play strings were rusted and the amp made a loud huming noise .
my daughter was very excited to recieve her new bass kit .
we realized the neck of the bass was warped and bent .
so we sent it back for a replacement .
we received the new bass kit in a day .
the amp did not work at all .
needless to say , we returned everything for a refund .
was not happy with this product .
we will be looking elsewhere for a new one .
i received this bass on christmas eve .
then , when i was tuning it for the first time .
the top g string snapped when it hit f # .
it got out of tine few day after i got the order .
this is my first review and feel bad its a negative one .
after shopping around for months i finally found the bass i wanted .
the look of gold on dark blue sold me .
pretty hard to play for beginner bass .
it 's too expensive for the quality it provides .
i suggest that you look up craigslist for used bass and amp sale .
yamaha and fender squire make better beginner bass than silvertone package .
everything was included in the picture , easy transaction .
the tuner does not work period .
i bought this for my son for christmas .
obviously the quality control from this manufacturer is poor .
amazon 's return proces on the other hand is 1st rate .
hopefully the next one arrives in good condition .
thanks silvertone , thanks allot .
update ... the new arrived in different packaging this time .
perhaps it was repackaged ?
the new one works and looks fine .
worst buy i have ever made .
my advice to to never even glance towards the picture .
lol it was warped and unplayable .
had to send back .
please , its not worth it !
i got this bass for my son and this is what he wrote .
the bass wo n't go in and out of the bag easily .
the tuner broke in a week and the video does n't really help .
the strap wore out in couple of months and snapped while i was playing .
i bought this with an interest to play bass .
sadly this bass is n't even good for beginners .
the amp and accessories included are n't bad .
i did n't find the instructional video to be that helpful at all .
the bass bag has no padding at all .
now for the bass itself .
the issue is that the frets were not properlly aligned .
the bass was unplayable at this point .
but look at it this way .
you know you will spend more money down the road .
think of it as a long term investment .
basically , this is all a word of caution .
talk to the pros about this first and get their help .
but $ 300 needs to be your minimum .
i 'm am extremely happy with my decisions and regret absolutely nothing .
i could n't be happier .
the guitar was new and looks expensive .
but the amp was smaller than i expected but worked fine .
after that i noticed the guitar buzzing a lot .
i try loosening the truss rod but it did n't change a thing .
i took it to a guitar shop and they said the damage was irreversible .
i was angry to say the least .
however amazon did a great job taking care of returning the product .
only 20 19 are delivered during purchase .
please repay me one for 1. bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
absolute piece of junk .
do not buy under any circumstances .
had to take it to be repaired 2 days after getting it .
and the neck also has to be adjusted .
the amp is the only thing that worked properlly .
this is a misleading advertisement ... sure , there 's 37 keys .
but they forget to tell you the keys are miniature .
my son ordered this to add to his music program .
i was disappointed that this keyboard does not register key velocity .
other than that , it is fine for what it is .
this is a perfectly functional midi controller .
it 's not velocity sensitive , but for many applications this does n't matter .
the problem with this keyboard is that it 's just too small .
yes , the description describes them as `` mini keys . ''
i knew when i saw the box that i had made a horrible mistake .
this item is obviously intended almost solely for children .
definitely not for adults due to its toddler size .
the keyboard does a nice job as a usb unit .
we typically can not launch iphoto without crashing unless we trash three catalog files .
crashing and losing user data is never acceptable .
apple , more than anyone , is supposed to know this .
you 've read the other glowing reviews .
you 've seen the 4 and 5 star ratings .
okay boys and girls , now do you really want the truth ?
not what i ordered .
the picture provided by the seller is not what i got .
amazon should look at this particular sale site .
i have already returned the wrong items you sent me .
just return my money please .
the stem of the mic is not properly connected to the body .
be weary of that before you order these
no bass very cheap plastic terrible audio quality
sound worse then headphones that came with the smartphones .
these are for giant heads
left ear stopped working after three months .
sound quality was nice while it lasted but not worth the money .
not meant for long-term or heavy use , i guess .
these are not the same k240s i used to use .
sound quality is only mediocre .
had to return the volume is too low on these
either one of these would be a better value .
not satisfied the product did not work .
the sound keeps cracking .
not muffled around the ears .
this is not worth the purchase .
it 's a giant box on your head .
i 've only used the headphones a few times .
i wish now i had n't .
the problem has quickly progressed .
money wasted ... do n't waste yours .
very light and convenient .
however , bass sound is very weak .
happy with the sound but they broke after 11 months of moderate use .
the sound quality is less than i expected from akg .
i grew up in the 80 's with older pair that kicked butt .
these are not the same drivers and it is reflected in the sound dynamics .
low end is not there .
fuller sound is not there .
it has been crunched and degraded with these earphones .
i feel i wasted my money .
be careful and look for the bigger drivers in the akg headphones !
straight from the box i liked this headset .
my ears were warmer than i like but not enough to limit use .
cable length was ample for my needs .
for comfort and convenience this is a well above average headset .
it was all downhill from there .
in all the music i tried , definition was lacking .
koss sportapro bought from amazon recently for $ 21 did better .
i was rather disappointed .
as a bass head , i was disappointed .
they have no bass !
the difference is clearly audible , especially when you flip the headphones on backwards .
these head phones are not very loud .
they 're simply ok not great .
purchased i a reatail store .
outatanding for the price i paid .
definitely something worth the money .
they are a great and affordable choice .
they are not bad at all .
they are comfortable , and are easy on the head too .
good thing i have long hair , would n't want people seeing this .
you get what you pay for .
i gave them to my son for his personal music .
would not purchase item .
just out of warranty .
this review will be short but powerful and accurate unlike these headphones .
the akg k 240 maybe the worst headphones ive ever heard .
they are pure garbage .
not loud at all !
ca n't hear the details of your mix very well .
i would go with a different par of headphones .
the sound is good but they get uncomfortable pretty quick .
not studio quality at all .
quite disappointed , there is no base to it .
if you 're looking for sound you wo n't find it here .
these headphones are not studio quality .
honestly these are not worth 60 bucks .
they 're not bad headphones , but they are nowhere near worth $ 60 .
after only about a week of use the right headphone suddenly stopped working !
pros : comfortable and good sound .
cons : none in the short term .
after just a couple months the right ear went out completely .
gave it a one star because sound came out of the speakers .
the bass is horrible at all volume levels .
ear phones did n't last 3 months in the studio before jack was cracking
i am so disappointed !
very cheap build quality and muddy sound .
it has not enough bottom or lows and the right side breaks easy .
these headphones had a lot of good reviews , but they 're just mediocre .
that means that the music tracs are n't downgraded .
for me , these headphones are just not ambient enough .
i like it for the price , but i do n't love it .
they look cool , but they 're quiet .
sound awful , poor build quality , cheap materials .
people , i do n't understand you .
the quality of sound coming out of this headset , is simply horribe .
are you kidding me ?
sounds like an empty can .
i got them from guitar center based on recommendation .
i 've took them back within 2 days .
i could n't believe anyone would write a good review for this .
your standards must be super low .
the rest are just toys .
ended up repairing them myself .
mine broke after 1 week - lost the center part of the stereo image .
sounded great until then tho !
ask to return money , one channel is broken ! ! ! !
i ca n't really agree with any of those statements .
not to my liking at all .
the sound is not as nice as my friends older original k240 's .
in fact i am not happy at all with these .
the highs are slightly reed like and the lows are just not there .
well they are there but lacking the tone and depth of my other headphones .
i 'll break them in a little and see if that helps .
item was rated highly for its bass sound and its range .
for all of the engineers ... theses are not your old akg cans .
if i could give these new cheap akg cans a negative star i would .
dont use with your cell phone , the volume is n't very high .
these things do not amplify the sound like i thought .
i returned them and bought a pair of sony mdr-v6 's .
a bit higher in price but worth it in my opinion .
i own a pair of sennheiser hd 280 's that are also spectacular headphones .
inside it 's cheap plastic that fractures easily .
the headset when twisted as the wiring right on it inside the ear piece !
i had to boost my normal volume by 25 % and still had problems .
i had to return them .
these headphones are the cheapest things i have ever bought .
not worth any of the money they charge for them .
do n't bother spending a dime on these .
i 've had these for a while now and i still love them .
warranty lasts for two years , so i guess i 'm out of luck .
i think i might go with the sony mdr7506 or mdrv6 next .
i wish these guys had worked out .
very quiet , loose fit ... and i have a big head .
bought this in 2011. sound quality is excellent , neutral and detailed .
however , build quality and design is questionable .
not sure if this will stand up to heavy use .
in the end , this just did n't meet my criteria .
and they are much larger and heavier than i had imagined them .
they appeared well designed and made .
they simply were n't my cup of tea .
i used these headphones in my small guitar studio for a very short time .
headphones are a useful tool for guitarists when trying to learn solos by ear .
these headphones are useless for this particular application .
right out the bat : professional ?
lol this is not even close to a professional earphone .
not by a mile .
you can hear everyone around you .
there is no bass , no deep sound , nada .
i particularly do n't like it .
save yourself trouble ( and pony up some money ) and buy another model .
so the overall quality is inconsistent
weak.. sound is so low not worth buying .
i wish i never got these .
i 'm just being honest .
i wear headphones every day to listen to on-line radio .
i bought a pair of headphones that got good reviews in several audio forums .
the sound quality & fit was great .
but i thought that they broke too easily .
i shopped around , & these akg 's had a lot of greats reviews .
they came today & they are awful ! !
they problem is they are n't sound deadening .
and the background noise was overwhelming ! !
i paid $ 57.99 last year .
but they 've went up to $ 99.99 ! !
so i found them on ebay for $ 49.99 w/ free shipping .
i find that the cord on hp is always the 1st thing to go .
i 've had to replace the cord on my other set a few times .
so the cord being $ 1.99 to replace is important .
which in my experience is never cheap .
but i was disappointed .
the headphones i received really do n't seem much to brag about .
i do n't think these necessarily hold up to the akg reputation .
on the positive , the quick-release cord is a cool idea .
disappointing in both sound and material .
fell apart a week after purchasing them , waste of money
the sound is high fidelity but way too muted
i do not think that is reliable material .
these do n't come close to living up to the name .
flashy design , but over all just a cheap product and disappointing .
felt cheap , not up to akg standards .
do not think they will last long .
after only 2 months of use the cables are almost completely worn out .
sound is interrupted often and frequently cuts out .
these headphones are ok if you are not looking for anything fancy .
on the plus side , they are comfortable to wear .
this is a personal rating .
headphones are extremely subjective .
did n't like the sound and needs a big amp to drive it .
your mileage may vary .
decent while they last .
i used them on one 20-30 hr .
they only come on now if i turn the volume all the way up .
i will , but it wo n't be akg .
note : i did n't buy them from this current seller .
it 's true that this headphone sounds good .
so.. there is clearly a quality problem here .
now what upsets me more is that the support is not very cooperative .
i got ta tell you , it 's disappointing .
very disappointed with bass .
i 'm no `` basshead '' .
i love all kinds of music from popular to acoustic to classical .
any attempt to boost the bass will result in fluttering sounds of driver excursion .
flat should mean the frequency response is flat throughout the music frequency spectrum .
wanted a good pair of studio mixing headphones .
kind of useless headphones .
however , i know these are very good
disappointed with build quality and long burn in time .
perfect for professionals but not casual listening .
dont buy it.chinese junkbroke after one month.no service from the company .
my second biggest complaint is the amount of bleed .
those headphones are a disappointment in delivering that .
sadly i gave these away to a friend .
apparently , muddy is the new sound of headphones these days .
these sound like they are covered in a down pillow .
so here is the deal .
i got these headphones to use mostly from my home/dorm room .
it appealed to me in a couple of ways .
first off they are semi-open which is usually my favorite design .
the finely feature is they have a wide array of replaceable parts .
sadly these `` great value headphones '' are actually a waste of money .
it is so wide that it just falls off my head .
it would not even create a seal on my head !
( still small but not abnormally ! )
my girlfriends exact words were `` these are crap ... .send them back . ''
that is exactly what i plan to do !
i will never buy these again .
the headphones that arrived do not have a detachable mini xlr cord .
it is not the same as in the box .
this is quite a shame because otherwise the headphones sound great .
as far as sound goes they 're fantastic , especially for their price .
paid a decent amount for these headphones about 2 years ago .
within a month , the left speaker stopped working .
three weeks later , the other one stopped working .
i just purchased these akg k 240 headphones through amazon .
the ones i got did n't say made in austria .
the box it came in said made in china .
even my cheap $ 15 sony earbuds gives me this information .
unfortunately this product was surprisingly disappointing .
some distortions in the bass frequencies .
with everything turned up `` to 11 '' , they were n't loud enough .
amazon was great about the return , even though both sets had been opened .
i am sending them back .
not what i expected .
seller good , product bad .
i have worked in radio and occasional music mixing throughout the years .
evidently , those models were made in austria .
nothing could be further from the truth .
but poor dynamic range .
they are just no fun for work or play .
that 's when something changed .
all will beat these handily and get your feet tapping .
use these maybe for shortwave radio ?
so- my best deduction- something happened on the way to china ... ..
the m50s blow both out of the water .
i was so underwhelmed when i first wore these it was shocking .
these headphones lack clarity , they have no bass , and are extremely overpriced .
some akgs have some bass , but these have very little .
they are just uninspiring , and it really degrades the music listening experience .
get the m50s , you will thank me later .
i found the mediums and highs to be very washed out and unclear .
additionally , these headphones will not get loud at all .
headphones fell apart after about 3 months of use .
the product was n't thrown about or abused , but got regular daily use .
as far as sound quality , it was very good for open-air headphones .
just wish the quality had been a bit better .
i paid 93.08 cents after taxes for these .
the quality of the product has fallen considerably since manufacturing moved to china .
i wo n't be buying akg headphones again in the near future .
i would have rated these as a 4 or 5 until they broke .
they 're still under warranty , but what a disappointment .
update : attempting to get service with akg/harmon under warranty .
no response to email for one week .
i bought myself a pair of these and loved them .
i wound up buying my wife and sone a set as well .
very tinny sounding and this is on quality tracks ... not mp3 's .
if you like bass/bass accentuation do n't bother .
the only music i can really stand hearing with these is classical .
also , they are surprisingly quiet .
i am surprised at how many positive reviews there are of these headphones .
they just do n't do it for me .
i 'm sending them back .
i had been anxious to try these from positive reviews around the internet .
right out of the box , i was sorely disappointed .
they do not sound either bright or rich .
but in a/b comparisons , these k240s cans do not measure up .
they sound like a sore throat feels -- scratchy , not smooth and clear .
definitely not worth the money to me .
it is a real two-star disappointment for me .
it doesnt work with the other equipment we purchased
stopped working within 30 days of use .
tried to return it but the company wo n't take it back .
i ordered the full size xlr and soldered on a mini 3 pin .
it simply did not have an acceptable level of signal output .
`` added gain = added noise '' ... always !
i did an a-b comparison to my sm-58 and there really was no comparison .
not for sound quality , nor for output .
this thing looks like it will take some serious physical abuse and not break .
it 's not going to go flying off if you jump around a lot .
and it looks to me like it will fit just about any size head .
it 's pretty adjustable .
maybe it is not designed for that .
and if that is the case , i regret rating it so low .
maybe i got a faulty one ?
other reviewers seemed to like the unit .
but i will go with a condenser mic next time .
for what it 's worth , shure is a good company .
and amazon has a liberal return policy .
lots of cord noise , very little voice .
have to turn gain almost to max to hear at all .
not happy at all with it .
boom is n't long enough and there was n't enough gain .
i 'm returning and purchasing something else .
received it , tried it , and sent it back within ten minutes .
whoever designed it must be from some other planet .
i could n't stand the thing clawing my head like a giant crab .
there is no way i could ever wear this thing .
my advice is to adjust it back into its box and return it .
i much prefer my sm58 .
i really liked this microphone when it first arrived .
we were doing sound for a reoccurring theater-style production with more singing than talking .
neither talking nor singing into this microphone sounded `` good '' .
i ended up returning this .
head set mini connector wh20 & the 2ft.wa302 [ ta4f ] both are female .
not good , unless you do n't need decent voice quality .
this microphone is not for the professional or the serious amateur .
i tried it out , was seriously disappointed , and sent it right back .
there are good products out there at affordable prices .
this is not one of them .
after exchanging the chip for another one , i had the exact same problems .
this time i 'm returning everything .
it 's not worth the hassle .
i bought the bundled package from costco.com .
the bundle includes 2 mics and the 2221 song cartridge .
very happy i purchased from costco because of their return policy !
the first one i received did not even work .
received the second one .
the wireless submic would work intermittently .
it would work only after i take the batteries in and out .
minor inconveince because the kids loved playing with it .
i even purchased 3 additional chips for the unit .
it is now 54 days after i have received the unit .
the sound has suddenly stopped .
just video , no sound .
it also decided to turn on or off when it feels like it .
sometimes it turns on , sometimes it does n't .
costco , here i come again .
i am really hoping that my two units were the exception .
the website is also very unclear about how to order more karaoke mp3s .
this `` karaoke in a microphone '' system is small and extremely portable .
you can carry it from party to party .
therefore , you must be familiar with the songs in order to sing them .
even in this singing mode , you will not get back-up singer 's vocal .
pitch adjustment is a great feature of karaoke .
alternative rock vol 2 due to manufacturing defect with some units .
many of the songs can not play .
it looks like it 's made out of aluminum .
a plastic housing box of decent quality is included .
not of the quality i was hoping for .
make sure you try it in real-life before you but it .
so , i sent it in for repair per their instructions .
but , casio repair service is the worst i 've ever seen .
they 're even worse than best buy & that 's pretty bad .
they rec 'd my item for warranty work on 11/23/04 .
at first i was told the turnaround for the repair was 5-10 business days .
then i was told that starts from the log date .
they did n't even get around to logging it in until 12/7/04 ! ! !
i may never see my product again .
got two and neither of them did the sound activation work .
strobe light seemed fragile and not very solid .
when i started using it , it was very nice , bright and responsive .
this light failed the third time we used it .
i am very disappointed in the quality .
i would not recommend this product .
please learn from my mistake and find another competitor 's product .
i 'm not surprised .
this is my first and my last chauvet product .
it 's very frustrating ! !
i was excited to get this strobe light based on reviews .
it worked right away , strobes fine , but a little off beat .
the fuse is fine .
it would be a good strobe light if it worked .
this strobe is poorly made .
arrived damaged and with ?
made of light and fragile plastic .
knobs on back do not have hard stops so feel cheap too .
i contacted the chauvet tech support and they could n't get it to work .
so it goes sometimes , right ?
fool me once , shame on you .
fool me twice , shame on me .
i 'm still in the market for a quality , controllable strobe ... .
this strobe is awesome while it works .
it is extremely bright the and great to have as a dj .
i have come into ownership of three of the lights brandnew .
one i bought off amazon , the other two were given .
after just 3 dances , only one light works now .
light # 1 does n't do anything .
however , it does work when plugged into a strobe controller .
light # 3 still works .
this item was bought for a christmas gift .
item was opened on christmas day .
yes , i believe that 's exactly what they should do .
it worked out of the box perfectly , once .
i did , however , expect it to work more than 5 minutes .
the next day at the party , the steady strobe failed completely .
i 'm pretty disappointed .
this is a neat gadget in that it can produce sounds of various instruments .
but if you want to learn guitar just buy a real one .
we received this player as a family gift for christmas .
i would not recommend you spending the money on this product .
i bought this kareoke for x-mas with my 11 year old sister in mind .
i was very dissapointed because the sound quality is horrible .
the volume is very low and you can barely here yourself through the microphone .
the monitor is even worst , you can barely see the lyrics .
i rebought it thinking it had just been defected but nope !
it 's just no good .
i received two of these speaker , but one did n't work .
its ok but wo n't really take alot of power .
i had to return them ...
however , this one does not quite fit the bill .
i was held in place by a small layer of glue .
also , the handles are made of plastic which rattle during bass sounds .
the leg completely broke off when i was loading in to a venue .
the vinyl covering was peeling off as well .
the speakon connector broke .
the speaker is mounted using basic screws , and not hurricane nuts .
had a thin piece of insulation for damping material .
the wooden brace inside was broken off .
i know that pyle can do better than this .
i hope they fix these problems in an updated version .
there are other enclosures for 40 bucks more that are not so bad .
great sounding sub for the price .
i bought this subwoofer to share the load with another powered subwoofer .
i wanted something economical and functional for small dance hall settings .
the product description said it had a built in crossover .
therefore , i expected it to play nothing but bass .
however , these pyle subs do n't .
to my disappointment , i heard vocals !
no subwoofer with a built-in crossover should pump mid-range frequencies .
final grade : f .
it sounds like the woofer has `` popped '' and will need replaced .
i bought a pair of pyle pro speakers a few years ago .
when arrived one of the speakers were was just hanging in the hole .
i sent it back and received a new one and everything was great .
since then i had to sell them .
got them the next day through amazons one day service .
but the good news stops there .
so now i have sent all the speakers back .
ordered this as recently as 9/14/2011 and did not get headphones .
this was the model number i came up with after some research .
the wiring on the jacks are a joke and wired backwards .
2 out of six had different woofers in them .
i am going to try and make these sound better and will report back !
i returned this mic for a full refund .
i purchased and had to return .
it wo n't work .
btw , i am a slow learner .
there is no battery pack in the blisterpack .
( i wonder whether this is because it is a plug-in-power mic ) .
the frequency response is unacceptable .
i also do n't like the clip .
step # 1 of instructions stated to remove stylus prior to mounting to headshell .
i will have to purchase a new stylus to complete review .
i have a shure m97xe cartridge and the stylus removes with minimal effort .
something was wrong with the m78s .
after reading all the reports on this cartridge i decided to try it anyway .
so , i do n't understand why this mic wo n't work .
i 'm not happy with this mic .
i bought another lav mic from giant squid lab and it was better .
did n't work with my video cam , i had to return it .
the microphone does not change the quality of the recording in the least .
i purchased 3 lavaliers and the sony ecm-cs10 tie-clip-style omnidirectional lavalier was the worst .
i keeped the other two and sent this one back .
do not buy this .
pretty misleading if you ask me ! ! ! !
another sucky sony product .
this is a sub-quality mic .
it is much worse than the ones built into the recorder .
it sounds tinny with a very narrow voice range .
i expected a sony product to be better than this .
this one records audio that is thin and tinny .
too bad , sony .
s , not work for me .
if you ever lose the microphone clip , you are out of luck ! !
i have had zero success replacing the lavalier clip .
this is a great microphone .
i can not use it as intended because i lost the clip .
not worth anything to me now ! ! !
this mic is serviceable , but not great .
it has a very limited pick-up pattern and picks up each channel separately .
i would suggest going with a better quality mic for most recording purposes .
for my setup i need lavs that run on their own battery power .
i bought this to use with my laptop for voip ( i.e .
oovoo , skype , etc .
) , because the microphones built into my laptop stopped working .
also i am currently eying the sound blaster x-fi go !
the required battery box is not included .
it is plug-in power only .
i tried this wireless lapel mic with the portable pa systems .
this product did not work and i would not recommend it .
you pay for what you get .
i bought this to use it for classroom lecture .
the receiver is good but the microphone is just a waste .
you have to really put it close to your mouth to be heard .
forget about clipping it to lapel .
however the transmitter and receiver are good if you can find a compatible microphone .
this is an unreliable unit .
sound is not good at all .
maybe i should change the battery .
saying i hate it might be strong .
maybe i got a bad one .
i do n't really care for the 3/4 plug .
just not for me .
i had this wireless lapel clip on for a while .
it does n't catch vocals as expected .
therefore why should it work as a microphone & camcorder set ?
i am not very convinced .
getting this is a waste of money .
did n't really work at all .
preface : we should have contacted the seller and asked for an exchange/refund .
however , we were in a time crunch and did n't have that option .
there were some reviews that stated that these at least worked .
however , i found that to not be true .
my recommendation ... buy an azden mic instead !
the inner brackets were broken off and bouncing around inside .
i 'm good with my hands so i decided to repair it .
while doing the work i realized i baught a pyle of crap .
the woofers are so cheap and light .
the particle board is thin and weak .
i reglued them to their inner walls .
they could have done a better job .
the wires are so thin i hope they do n't melt and catch fire .
i have a single 15 '' 3 way speaker that has more bass .
damn it the two twelves in my car have more bass .
when i received the guitar and unzipped the bag i was in shock .
they were brown with dirt .
i 'll never buy used on amazon again .
people must be really desperate for money !
it will not create any data base
this data base software is not easy to use .
i should have researched better .
i did n't try to enter any information .
win 10 users - better to use something more up to date .
where is the `` get started quickly '' section they speak of .
i threw it in the garbage .
needs to be updated .
otherwise it would be a handy little program .
did not work on my lap $ 10.00 .
dose a wonderful job for those who do not need relational databases .
easy to understand and use .
this is old program ! ! ! !
there is no network capability .
practically useless when u want to use it for ur business .
the next day i entered more .
so now i only have 20 entries instead of 120 ! !
that 's just my guess .
it 's nearly worthless .
if you like simple stuff this database wo n't disappoint you .
i found it to restrictive and do n't use it .
could be my last amazon perchase .
this was n't what i thought , it knocked my keyboard out .
because it was not the right wattage .
does n't work for casio
it did not fit the casio privia 320 as it was supposed .
it was too small .
the cord does not work at all for the px-110 !
it also does n't match the picture .
wow it dropped to half the price i bought it for .
now i have the hassle of returning it and finding a new one .
item sent is not what is described or pictured .
it is not casio brand and looks completely different .
i will be disputing this purchase & charge for a full refund
it did not come as pictured .
the product i received did n't have the wall pluggin .
was really confused , not at all what i thought i was ordering .
then connection did n't fit the piano at all .
do you have in stock the adapter that actually fits a casio cdp 120 ?
the adapter is light as a feather and way too `` plastiky '' feeling .
it inspires nothing close to the idea of quality as the oem version .
worse yet , the polarity was reversed .
it would have fried my keyboard if i did n't check .
c-mon amazon ! ! !
you guys are really starting to disappoint me now .
i bought two for my casio privia 555-r which is almost obsolete .
they did not fit .
probably for another model .
the adapter i received was not at all what is pictured on this page .
all you will receive in the mail is disappointment and frustration .
the adapter that i got was not the one pictured .
it did not say `` casio '' anywhere on it .
however , it did work with my keyboard so i kept it .
i bought one of these to control my roland mc-303 sequencer .
it generates a `` err 02 '' after pressing a few keys .
will not make music for more then a few seconds .
i they tried a radium 49 and it worked like a charm .
i will never buy an m-audio product again .
you are actually advised to *wash your hands* after handling .
will you find the warning displayed on the box ?
nope , it is at the bottom of the last page of the manual .
who knows what they do support .
do n't buy it .
i returned the keystation 49e and replaced it with an edirol pcr-50 .
clearly this microphone is for highly specialized purposes .
this is not for non-esoteric uses .
the cables are pretty basic , but they work fine .
you get a nice padded case to keep everything in .
my favorite part of this kit is the inclusion of two pg81 condenser mics .
these are not only great for cymbals , but instruments and vocals too .
i can do that on my own .
terrible sounding mics i simply could not get a decent recording from these mics .
for my use this a horrible mic .
i guess if you were just recording then maybe it is fine .
sound reinforcement , forget about it .
this thing chews through records while back-cueing .
the best stylus i have used is the jico n44-7 .
i bought this as a choir mic .
it does not pick up the low tones .
amazon 's size is for the shipping box not the mic .
very bad on amazon 's part .
these are interesting items .
we have n't really used them to their fullest capability .
when we do we 'll write more review
mixer works by combining audio from different sources .
item might of been defective , item returned .
did not like the way my guitar rested on the leg pegs .
just went with the amazon basic stand for $ 13 .
it will work for what i needed .
i really do n't understand how these stands have such stellar reviews on here .
it makes me really skeptical about the trustworthiness of the reviews for these stands .
luckily , it was n't damaged but the stand was clearly failing .
they 're guitar stands , for crying out loud .
attachments : i 've added a pic of the 2 broken leg locks .
the absolute worst stand i have ever owned .
after very light usage it collapses .
upon opening one of the legs a piece of plastic broke off .
not worth hanging an instrument on .
had to send it back .
it might have been amazon warehouse 's fault , but this was a dud .
not going to risk that kind of behavior with my $ 2000 martin .
looks like a hercules is on the shopping list for me .
the locking mechanism failed and the guitar fell .
lifetime warranty my booty .
it 's only meant to be used temporarily like on stage .
folds up nice and the locking system works well .
the hercules hanging stands are much better in my opinion .
ultimate is the worst company i have ever had the to deal with .
ultimate is the worst company i have ever had the to deal with .
sent it back as it was not sturdy enough for my acoustic .
it looks cool , and works ok for electric guitars .
i do not recommend this product .
this guitar stand was great .
it almost fit in my gig bags and was fun to open .
it 's much easier to show .
in any case , it no longer works now .
i 've owned some hercules gear for a couple years now .
i bought two of these about 7 years ago .
they seemed really good .
they were light weight and the plastic does n't scratch the guitar .
the neck broke one time .
i think these stands get wobbly with age .
the under-guitar support arms stick out too far for a solid-body instrument .
the cord tends to get tangled on them .
i have many of these , they are great .
called ultimate again and they are now sending me a complete new stand .
this really just is too unstable to be very useful .
it is compact , but i have used much better stands of comparable size .
while you 're trying to screw something in ?
all in all very poorly assembled .
never will buy this brand again .
the price they charged this is not worth it .
not very happy with this box .
a latch broke on the second use .
returning and getting the skb instead .
seemed sturdy otherwise , just needs better latches .
so , my search continues for a better-quality stand than this one .
thanks for that , at least .
the clasps are now on the rack , not the lids .
this product is not worthy .
the platic and carbon parts are easiliy crack .
do not buy this item .
this is just a piece of junk .
will be seeking warranty service but will sell immediately afterwards .
will buy another pair of on-stage stands ( and for much less too ) .
already holes and small nicks throughout .
i have owned these stands for over 8 years .
i have to accept that the ultimate quality is just not there anymore .
i 've had these stands for years .
their durability is the best feature about them .
in fact the telelock mechanism is a great innovation too .
first & foremost is that these stands rattle , and not softly .
i have 4 of them , and they all rattle .
the frequency range in which they rattle is roughly 69-98hz .
the sound clearly comes from the telelock mechanism .
therefore you always buy more than what you need . )
here 's the other huge problem with these stands - ultimate support 's support .
this is seriously unprofessional to drop the ball this badly .
i have not even received a notice that a new stand was shipped .
i 'm hoping she will resolve this situation to satisfaction .
i will update my review after the outcome .
the music was muted and gargled .
would not recommend to anyone with a decent system .
noisier than my consumer turntable 's built-in preamp .
returned it immediately ... the noise floor was something like -45db .
my search for a decent cheap phono preamp continues ...
makes a loud buzzing sound when the cue lever is up on my turntable .
pretty sure there are other reliable options for the same price .
at least it looks cool and is made in the usa .
obviously based on the other reviews , many people do n't have any issues .
i learned even a neighbors electronic dog fence can cause interference .
it 's better than a $ 10 preamp , but not by much .
this item is certainly not for audio enthusiasts .
as the volume increased the hum became a screech unbearble to hear .
i am returning this piece of junk .
it still had a buzz even after grounding the table .
it 's not worth the asking price over a pyle .
stopped working after 2 weeks of use .
this is not a professional product .
the design is poor .
you start out with the case as in the picture which is sideways .
all in all a poorly built case .
after using it for a short while the unit started to get intermittent .
so i opened the box .
what did i find ?
i guess rolls want their customers to do the qa .
well that is the last rolls product i shall own .
it looks like they do not really do any qa .
there has to be a no-star option for this product .
the first mic i received was awful .
the company exchanged the first mic with a non-working mic .
i am not able to get my refund from anywhere ! ! ! ! !
$ 250 wasted ! ! !
this was a counterfeit .
only cable for what ?
apparently it was a fake
inside the microphone was broken when i got it
most of them are beat to hell but they work .
the biggest difference though is the feedback from stage monitors .
that was my first clue it was fake .
buyer beware of beta 58 's posted for lower than retail price .
the one i received was a fake knock off made in china .
you ca n't beat a beta 58 if it 's the real thing .
i went and bought one in a store after this and it is awesome .
that was the good news .
the bad is that it is a fake .
a chinese knock off .
how can i tell ?
1. the weight - first thing i noticed was that it felt very light .
real beta 's are well fixed in place .
5. yellow band around cable at bottom of capsule .
this is just a few things i was able to spot .
weight as i said was the first indicator .
box packaging velcro strip and bag all ok along with guarantee .
i would get a full refund .
at time of writing waiting on that .
otherwise these do the job ok at a fair price .
i expect better from at though .
update : they definitely do n't make these like they used to .
this one lasted 3 short rehearsals .
there 's no point in buying the audio technica ones anymore .
they make so much noise and do n't last .
get the aftermarket or custom ones if you can find them .
the quality has totally disappeared compared to sennheiser and shure .
but again for the price you can not go wrong
good enough for a 'house party ' as someone mentioned before me .
in other words , it 'kinda ' works but not really .
the lamp housing itself is solid though .
would not buy again .
i 'd advise against not buying this .
i would not recommend these lights to anyone .
i think they are junk .
price not consistent with product .
low beam , heavy .
i do not think it was worth the price that we paid .
i bought these lights as a pair for use as fixed spotlights .
the led units last far longer and project a higher quality light beam .
not anywhere near what a 12 '' disco ball needs for proper reflection .
this thing is worthless .
a flashlight puts out more light .
i 'm returning it .
this was part of a special gift for my wife .
they should not promise something that they can not provide .
i do not recommend these lights .
honestly , i purchased a case like this from skb years ago .
i bought mine from ebay at some cheaper price than here .
also a cheap strap is not included for d-rings .
earlier reviewer mentioned one of two locking clips can have a padlock .
the one i got is rather snug fit clip .
none is for padlock .
the inside has two shapes - one for sax and another for neck .
i thought i would get the green ones plus the rest .
i would send it back if it did n't take so much work .
well that was a waste of money .
gave me the worst blisters i 've ever had ! !
be careful to buy from music123 .
amazon suggested me to contact music123 first .
i did two phone calls .
i bought two sets of these and i am disappointed .
beware these strings the 10 ga are weak !
broke before i could even set them up .
broke before i could even put all of them on .
that goes for these as well .
it was just black wrap , not black splatter .
a little disappointed but i used it anyway .
the `` splatter '' is non-existent !
the grips are solid black .
i should have listened to the other reviewers .
this was not the only one with a color issue .
red & black checker were really pink & black .
the entire order is being returned !
since when is pink red ?
someone needs to rewrite the product description .
i 'm not giving a 13 year old boy pink drum stick grips .
i should have listened to previous reviewers with regards to color discrepancies .
i was very disappointed .
audible hum at seemingly any gain .
tested this with multiple sources and outputs .
felt nice and solid , and the balance controls had center detents .
that 's the good news .
within months the case is falling apart !
i 'm done with this company ...
i purchased a protec tenor sax case 4 or 5 years ago .
i 've been pleased with it - until yesterday .
it was a soft landing , so i did n't think twice about it .
but , the small drop bent the top post on my selmer mark vi .
it 's in the shop now .
i previously perchased the protec alto saxophone backpack .
it works great and is well balanced .
the tenor sax case is a disaster !
1. backpack strap sold separately .
2. the case is heavy and off balance .
my case is 2 months old .
the tension is some acceptable and so is the playability .
i expected much more for the price i paid .
i ordered this case for my five year old yamaha yts62 tenor sax .
i was using an old protec case in which the sax fit fine .
but , this case did not have a slot for the neck .
i did not like having to tuck the neck inside the bell .
there were no other problems with this case .
i liked the green color of this case and ordered it .
i was very disappointed that my saxophone would not fit into it .
also the main pad under the belt was coming unglued .
so , i returned it to amazon .
so i ordered this one .
it came in today and my yamaha tenor fits in it .
in additon , protech should also offer the xl case in other colors .
had this case for approximately 2 months and the right case latch broke off .
not impressed with this product .
still waiting on the gator warranty dept to get back in touch with me .
when i first bought this case i thought it would work just fine .
definitely not very durable .
unable to zipper close as it did not fit our 3/4 standard bass .
it looked well constructed but in the end useless .
clips get weak and break off .
the foam fitting was defective , and i had to return it .
i normally like gator products a lot .
the tremolo effect can barely be heard !
it 's sturdier , smaller , and actually can be heard .
esta cuerdas de bajo no ofrecen calidad ni en su sonoridad ni su resistencia .
did not fit well for my jupiter sax .
i 'm sorry i bought it .
i have already sent it back .
it is no good.. too large and does n't for horn solidly .
it 's not safe .
feels like a wood frame and little material .
i 'll have to buy a new case asap .
i bought these for my wonderful yamaha fg700s .
they even come with ball ends ! ) .
complete frustration and complete waste of money !
back to my reliable steel strings .
please do not waste your money and time .
e string broke while tuning .
do n't waste your money .
the amp , however , sounded great for the 15 minutes it worked .
this is a profile 88 mouthpiece , not a traditional vandoren 5rv lyre .
the facing is completely different .
these strings feel terrible when you are used do dada ej46 .
tone is not bad , but it 's not playable at all .
they were extremely bright and sounded awesome when slapping .
the strings sound even more awesome on a jazz bass with both pickups on .
i like the v12 reeds better .
i love v-12 reeds , and use them exclusively now .
i tried the 56 rue lepic , but can honestly say i hate them .
i recently took up clarinet playing after a very , very long absence .
my degree is in clarinet performance/music education .
if my opinion changes in the future , i will update this review .
both sets were defective had to contact martin to complain about defects in strings .
got them delivered from amazon ok
this time not so much .
today after about a week of use the selector switch broke .
even though it was only $ 109 i still feel ripped off .
i got this a few weeks ago .
i do n't like it 's distortion feature at all .
more than i expected .
did not maintain intonation as expected and definitely a weak string .
mostly disappointed with intonation .
prefer d'addario hands down .
broke way too easily .
going back to paying double for elixers- they last 5x as long .
noticed that they are not us made .
thank goodness for amazon return policy .
the reason this guitar is so popular is it gets pushed really hard .
but when you actually look into the guitar its a real pos .
this guitar just is n't playable .
the tuners simply do n't work and they 're not easy to replace .
the neck feels like it was made from scrape wood .
please check out peavey or monoprice guitars .
came with a broken string disappointed
do n't buy these .
having read the other reviews , i agree these strings are almost average .
the tone is not right .
therefore , fellow reviewers i agree with some and disagree with others .
no need for comments in the box !
let 's get practising .
a gbmaj13 # 11 is a great way to begin a song .
[ easy lover by phil collins et al ] .
i highly recommend this guitar but buy it elsewhere .
but i have to say , i am really not happy with the e.sg .
a guitar should never be like that , but this thing is .
someone suggested to download different audio software and attempt that .
ca n't believe i spent all this money for something that does n't work !
i just got around to opening the box and looking at this guitar .
but that is about it .
ca n't play it .
so i will never know .
i guess it is not returnable if it has been over 30 days .
not happy with this broken junk i received .
very disappointed in that .
hard to tune , much buzz at low action performance
very frustrating that the guitar will not stay in tune .
after two weeks of messing with it i give up .
the string above it was off too .
i violated my own personal rule in this case , and got bit .
this guitar was a rip off and a big waste of my time .
good looking guitar , but was totally not setup .
the neck had to be raised and a whole setup had to be done .
please do n't ship guitars without the very obvious setup .
very disappointed you guys .
this guitar does n't hold its tune due to neck/body issues .
it 's also not capable of making a decent sound .
yeah i totally agree with the other reviewer saying that this guitar felt cheap .
i got mine today and yeah it looks and feels really cheap .
right out of the box the switch was broken , just fell off .
went to local place to check out hands-on .
i was not impressed at all .
the thing just felt cheap .
i could not imagine playing it for long .
it was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy .
i am surprised the les paul name was allowed to be used on this .
fine and beautiful in all ways down to the packing .
had little problem with playability .
the frets were like sand paper .
it was not finished , it missed qc , whatever .
i 'm disappointed as i ' v owned epiphones before and own epiphones now .
what are they using for fret wire ?
seller took it back and all is fine .
i love the guitar .
i play it everyday .
cost for the fret dressing would have exceeded the price of the guitar .
it is used ! ! !
these picks are fragile to say the least .
they break quickly and without much effort .
and i was teaching them simple strum patterns on acoustic guitars .
but i guess it is cheap plastic .
the price point was perfect , and the reviews were glowing .
buy it from someone else ! ! !
i order two time and they are the same .
infact the second one even worse .
the 3rd string from the 5th fret to the 22dn it kind of mute .
the qc should have not pass this guitar but they did .
the sound of goose bump !
these things snap , break and crack like it was their job .
in one song alone i broke three picks .
both sets were defective had to contact martin to complain about defects in strings .
got them delivered from amazon ok
this time not so much .
did not maintain intonation as expected and definitely a weak string .
mostly disappointed with intonation .
prefer d'addario hands down .
broke way too easily .
going back to paying double for elixers- they last 5x as long .
noticed that they are not us made .
thank goodness for amazon return policy .
does n't fit snugly on a les paul at all .
falls out all the time .
forget about using a wall hanger .
they do n't work with this either .
wasted money since it 's more hassle and money to send it back .
do n't buy these .
having read the other reviews , i agree these strings are almost average .
the tone is not right .
therefore , fellow reviewers i agree with some and disagree with others .
no need for comments in the box !
let 's get practising .
a gbmaj13 # 11 is a great way to begin a song .
[ easy lover by phil collins et al ] .
was not pleased with the wedgie pick holder .
it was not made well and did not fit my guitar well either .
keeps falling off my guitar .
this is for grandpa 's .
i only used this a couple of times before it stopped working .
stopped working within a month : (
input from the guitar to the pedal became jittery .
i switched cables out and determined that the input jack had malfunctioned .
i was forced to dump it just before a performance .
straight out of the box a piece of junk !
bought this new , worked for one hour before the pot fried .
used to play these in the 80 's and loved them .
they have great customer sevice and sent me another set .
however , after 2 weeks i still ca n't keep it tune .
tried some ernie balls and what a difference !
stayed in tune and no string buzz .
now i get to clean that out .
the wedgie picks i use regularly but they do not fit into the holder .
this thing is small .
it will work , but not in the middle .
i would not buy this again .
bought this pedal ( not from amazon ) brand new .
the pot needs to be replaced 2 months of light playing !
what a p.o.c. ! !
was very disappointed with this pedal overall .
expected so much more from such an `` iconic '' wah pedal .
i just opened this package & discovered it is defective .
it is missing all the 0.13 '' strings .
i 'd like for it to be replaced .
apparently my window to return this item closed at the end of january .
still , i think this item should be replaced .
i used this item once .
the next time i went to play my guitar , it was gone !
the perfect location for the transducer of my instrument yields low volume .
i do n't know .
but at best it gives a slightly noticeable increase in volume .
this is not a strong amplifier .
it is merely a 2-band eq with a slight loudness increase .
not what we were looking for .
the package came empty never will order this again
would n't buy this ever again .
i like the v12 reeds better .
i love v-12 reeds , and use them exclusively now .
i tried the 56 rue lepic , but can honestly say i hate them .
i recently took up clarinet playing after a very , very long absence .
my degree is in clarinet performance/music education .
if my opinion changes in the future , i will update this review .
going back to my other strings .
their quality control must be slipping .
they do not scrape off easily , either .
i have never seen this on guitar strings before .
they are an unnecessary distraction from the playing experience as well as uncomfortable .
received this thing in the mail & it was defective .
i felt sooo deceived & dejected after finding out it did n't work .
i was ready to jam with some friends upon receiving it in the mail .
i 'm in the process of returning it as this post is being written .
what a disappointment ! !
i suggest you keep your reciept/get a warranty .
stopped working after about a week in a half
it 's not working correctly after use of about 10 times .
it makes all these creaking sounds .
it clicks very audibly every time you depress the pedal all the way down .
the sound of the effect itself is , of course , classic .
the guitar i ordered was not the guitar that showed up .
the one that i was sent arrived broken .
what i got was a big mess .
that was a fabrication since the guitar was not playable .
you could not play it had the pick-up worked .
this guitar was a bad disappointment .
i believe you should get what you order and not a bate and switch .
i would suggest looking at the michael kelly guitars .
do your self a favor and check out amazon.com for the michael kelly guitars .
you will save time and money .
watch out for the bate and switch .
if it is too good to be true chances are it is .
that seems to be where it gets tricky .
i ca n't get this on my strings .
i really think i 'd like it if i could get it to work .
never seen a string unravel from the ball end .
i 've been generally pleased with ghs strings over the last 30 years .
mabey it was just a bad batch .
way too heavy for hickory sticks .
strings are over rated .
had to immediately replace them .
for some reason they did not work well on my fender guitar
they work so easily , and never cause issues .
i fully expected the banjo/mandolin model to offer the same satisfaction .
for steel-string banjos and mandolins , it probably does .
however , it 's not a great choice for ukulele .
i can make it work , but it 's a bit of a hassle .
it also seems to get in the way when playing .
the same problem occurs on both instruments .
the kyser , however , just does n't cut it for ukulele .
i 'm guessing it works great for banjo and mandolin .
this pedal is not that great .
the overall clamp is huge , clunky and stinks .
it does n't sit well with the newer microphone stand .
i use it but i 'd look else where for another product .
it did n't really fit my needs
i will probably just go back to using a regular guitar capo
unfortunately the popper does not stay put .
it keeps on falling from its position .
it is challenging to adjust .
arrived with 2 chips in the the body .
not due to packaging , it was obviously packed this way .
i still get quite a bit of pop .
as a result , the pop filter keeps slipping from the stand .
overall , i do n't recommend using this filter .
i ordered two pair .
one stick broke the first song i played .
it literally split in half .
they both broke ! !
this is seriously disappointing as i have been using promark for years .
terrible quality , gooseneck will not support the weight of the filter .
sending back and hoping the refund comes through .
difficult to control do not know where to put
break out of the box
it doesnt stand up .
very weak and i expected better
a few weeks later , it splintered and i ca n't really use them .
they are also pretty heavy .
it 's too heavy .
i have to use a bungee cord on my mic arm to support it .
a waste of money .
i 'm ordering something different .
i will keep looking arouund for one that really fits .
for the construction and price , i would have given it a 5 star .
he would spend up to 10 minutes of a 40 minute set tuning .
it still could not be properly intonated after hours of adjustment .
he ended up using my guitar for the rest of the session .
it was a happy day for us when it was stolen .
filter worked and sounded fine .
but f you have the boom arm , get something else .
i expected a filter to actually be able to stand up on its own .
first of all , there 's no way it can attach as shown .
packed up for return a half hour after receipt .
kinda of small but can complain about price- hard to adjust because its loose
the flexible arm wo n't stay in position , making it virtually useless .
i guess i should n't have expected much for $ 12.00 .
this thing is flimsy .
you get what you pay for .
build quality is cheap .
goose neck is flimsy and is n't strong enough to support the pop filter .
does n't stay in place .
and last but not least it damaged the chrome finish on y blue yeti .
you get what you pay for .
get an ibanez weeping demon if you want a real wah pedal .
type it in the search box and check it out .
the packaging was not good .
the pedal arrived a little banged up .
the battery cover was broken .
all of the srews were loose ?
unfortunety i was on a honeymoon so i could n't respond earlier .
the pedal appears to work fine .
disappointed with the packaging and the condition .
not that durable , im a sad pumpkin .
perhaps mine is defective .
and that is a definite possibility .
mount has a rubber grommet that falls off ... .
what a poorly designed product .
boss should be ashamed to let such a item be offered in its name .
the design flaws run deep .
you can only fit a few pedals in the available space .
but wait , there 's more .
if you look at the picture given , it is a hoax .
what a waste of money and time !
how disappointing for a company that ought to have more exact quality control .
it eventually flops down and hits the microphone .
when i got first , the sticks were bent .
the bendy part does n't stay put .
it 's too weak and droops down constantly .
it 's difficult to place on microphone .
i have to constantly readjust .
meh , it was cheap to purchase and it shows .
not very good a keeping its place .
i have to constantly re rig it , annoying .
we bought this probably more than a year ago for our son .
this worked much better for him but ended up a lot heavier .
the boss case is nice in that it is lighter .
the case broke the first time i opened it .
for the price they should use a stronger grade of plastic .
the goose neck did not support the weight of the pop filter .
a bit bulky and heavy
at first it works just fine , but over time it is terrible .
attachments are nice as is the adjustment control .
material of filter itself seems just too thin to be of any real value .
it was inexpense though so i guess you get what you pay for .
my review should be taken with a grain of salt .
i bought these , since i 'm building an acoustic `` water-bottle '' bass .
the scale on the strings is pretty short .
i 'd like some longer scale strings for my purposes .
i think i may just settle on regular electric/acoustic bass strings .
i might get some flatwounds .
the bass is technically fretless ...
the d string i received had a kink in it , rendering it unusable .
had to buy another set .
probably wo n't buy again .
stay in position oh you wo n't dam fck u
the grip tends to slide a lot .
here is why : first off these strings are thinner than the oems .
so that one went back to oem .
today i noticed that the e string was drastically out of tune .
the earthwoods would pull through where the oem would lock under .
with that all said , i did like how the earthwoods sounded and played .
i do have a few photos if anyone is interested .
contacting amazon if this product has any warranty .
the mouthpiece did n't come with warranty info .
there is no info on the manufacturer 's site nor at amazon .
clamp for this is really awkward and only clamps on stands that are circular .
it was one of the recommended pop filters with the blue snowball microphone .
with my set up , it was n't really necessary to have that piece .
it made adjusting the pop filter a lot harder than it needed to be .
it almost feels like the filter is too heavy for the goose neck .
i 'm returning this one as i got the dragonpad pop filter instead .
crappy ... . bad e string right our of the package .
they are made in america and had good reviews .
i will not be buying these again .
arrived just as described and timely .
this mouthpiece worsened my tone
contacting amazon if this product has any warranty .
the mouthpiece did n't come with warranty info .
there is no info on the manufacturer 's site nor at amazon .
it did not fit the banjo .
was very heavy , makes my mic stand droop .
from what i see the pop filter is a circle , not an oval .
i got an oval .
how can a pop filter get a negative review ?
# 1 the clamp assembly is about 4 times too heavy .
it keeps drooping and moving always needs adjusted .
the pop filter itself is pretty good .
light weight and nice looking .
arrived just as described and timely .
this mouthpiece worsened my tone
the filter 's arm is weak , and wo n't hold the filter up .
it will slowly fall and you 'll find yourself constantly readjusting it .
i spent more time hassling with this thing than i did recording .
seller should alter their design .
the weight of the pop filter is too much for the wire .
the wire needs to be thicker and stronger .
too big and has a long metal plate sticking out of it .
the fret board came apart from the base .
how do i get this replaced ?
did not attach to our microphone .
you need a microphone stand , but that was not made clear .
also , we did not notice it helping with the sound quality .
pretty thin and jangly .
works fine but why does it have to be so big ?
unit would serve same purpose at half the size .
this is a decent guitar for the price .
the placement of the jack plug is annoying .
the clamp just does n't hold this item in place as it should .
i end up jimmy rigging it to work .
the flexible are is almost a joke , it constantly falls .
purchased and defective within 3 hours of play time .
warranty response was to take it to certified technician to fix .
beautiful and fun to play for $ 300 , but looking to return .
goose neck ca n't even support weight of the pop filter .
should n't even be allowed to be sold on amazon .
way too tiny for anyone 's finger , and the shape is stupid .
go for a regular design .
was to small for finger
the goose neck can barely hold up the filter .
after a few minutes it begins to droop below the microphone .
as others here have said , this thing is way too big .
go in a store and try them on is my advice .
i have others that fit fine .
i do n't like the slide it 's too wide , hard to control .
i wo n't ever use it ... waste of money ; in my opinion .
gooseneck is too weak to hold the weight of the pop screen .
it wo n't stay in place at certain angles .
i 'm going to return it .
i definitely do not recommend .
invest in something a little better .
vater sticks are computer matched by pitch and weight at the factory .
there was a difference of 6 grams between the sticks .
i 've uploaded photos of the initial shipment .
these would have been perfect had they been a properly matched set .
i 'll never buy sticks on line again !
it provides good sound quality and major pop reduction .
the bendable arm you have does not stay in place .
it is not worth buying .
not the best capo .
buy one that is slightly expensive or just a different one .
i constantly have to reposition it to make it work .
it needs stiffer tubing and tighter positioning screws to be effective .
i ended up with tenor instead of soprano strings .
came with a broken string .
the capo is to tight and causes strings to sound sharp .
the metal spring broke after three months .
stays out of tune and i want to return it
i found them too short and difficult to string the 2nd & 3rd strings .
i thought i ordered a kyser brand 6 string capo .
its nice their clear nylon strings and sounds nice .
good quality especially for the price .
so imagine how many runs this has .
you get what you pay for .
i would n't buy this product again .
i did not except it sent it back do n't like rosewood finger boards .
do n't waste your money .
the spring breaks in a short time .
i 've gone through two of this capos !
same thing every time .
product is cheaply made .
i will never buy another kyser product .
the thing is that they do n't seem to stay !
and also the material of the filter is of kinda poor quality .
pro : does the job adequately .
a pop filter is not a complex device .
the mounting arm for this thing is as floppy as a wet noodle .
this guitar had the worst tuning pegs i have ever seen .
guitar would not stay in tune even for 1 song .
i tried a heavier gauge string but they were no better .
i really do n't like this guitar .
i bought it from the epiphone name recognition and it sucked ...
the 2 smallest strings got rusted in less than 2 months .
i had them on 1 week and 2 broke .
ive always likes ernie ball but this time im pretty disapointed
they sound great but they only lasted a month with straight finger picking .
poor tonality and the solid mono strings were easily bent .
can.u do.smthng on the weight of.the les.pauls ?
is there a way ?
even then , the tension was not equal across all strings .
i took them off immediately , a waste of time and money
not even close to be soft ... they 're harder than elixer
these stick out too far from my bass body .
i 'm still looking for a great strap lock ...
i bought this for a home studio setup .
the ukulele strings are to short to fit the classic ukulele with 18 frets .
all other reviews claim the strings work .
g string popped while doing a half tone bend
pops off all of the time , way too big .
too much tension , really hard to put on and take off .
imagine my surprise when opening the package and finding only four empty envelopes .
these strings have very little resonance .
could n't wait to change them .
i wo n't be ordering them again .
your hands and pick will smell bad if you play on it .
save your money and get the esp ltd ec-10 !
it has two high output pickups and a satan finish .
its also way more comfortable to play .
( not new to putting on strings )
these strings are easy to push down but mine seemed pretty squeeky .
i tried some string lube but they were still pretty squeeky .
not worth the money .
seriously - it has a hard time holding it 's own weight / shape .
i thought it 'd be a lot stronger .
definitely not one of my proudest amazon purchases .
too much effort to return it however .
it 's extreme and can mar the back of the neck or even fingerboard .
finctionally it can also throw off the tuning because of the tightness .
it 's also huge .
high e string snapped before i was even finished tuning .
not the quality i expect from ernie ball at all .
package was opened and missing an integral washer that makes it almost useless .
this is a simple product and fairly easy to setup/use .
they are cheap for a reason
the filter worked , but the goose-neck was too loose .
returned this item due to the flexible neck part being to flexible .
would not stay in the position i set it at all .
i would rate it as 0 stars if that option is available .
large is to small to fit on my ring finger .
looks like it 's made nice , but unusable for me .
i had to return it because it would n't go completely over my finger .
i could n't even get it to sit on my first knuckle .
will have to order a custom size .
it felt like stoneware too , which gave me the heebie jeebies .
they no longer make them in small so i ordered a medium .
i also seem to recollect a nice meaty material with super porous lining .
if you have a 4 inch pinky about 3/4 in diameter , go nuts !
the screws get stripped everytime ! ! !
the strings delivered were not silk and steel as the package indicated .
the strings were regular acoustic strings .
this was a nice tuner and worked great for a couple of months .
then it just plain died .
not a battery issue .
it was n't abused or dropped that i know of either .
wish i would have returned this .
it is very difficult to set straps up .
additionally , the release of the system varies .
i am not impressed with the set up and the quality standards .
get the schallers - the design is better .
guitar was made in china .
i just got this in and tested it out .
do yourself the favor and look elsewhere .
it 's a total piece of s*** when it comes for placing it !
i had these on my $ 3k dollar us made bc rich mockingbird supreme .
strap locks are a great idea but this is a poor design .
the ball bearings are tiny and will eventually wear and fail .
this does work , but its not a real keyser capo .
when it arrived i compared it to my other keyser of the same shape .
1. this label is rights reserved , like on the real one .
2. there are no grooves or textured handle like on the real keyser .
i dislike when being charged for something of a brand u rely on .
only to discover its a fake .
it dishonest and uses the reputation that took the keyser co. time to build .
i 'll buy mine at the guitar store now .
ive added a photo , the top is legit .
disappointed by this capo .
the bar that runs across the strings has become bent for no apparent reason .
poorly constructed product , waste of money .
you get what you paid for .
does n't get power from outlet , unable to get help from company .
now i have to buy another
i love the feeling of the strings at my fingers .
i can play longer now
the guitar came with one of the sound pick-ups not working .
had to buy a new pop filter one week in .
the filter is much much too heavy for the flimsy gooseneck .
i do not recommend this at all .
there are plenty of others to consider .
i wasted my money , do n't waste yours .
the strings sounds okay .
but , they are not stainless .
after two days , two of them became rusty .
these strings are pretty bad .
you get what you pay for i suppose .
they are n't slick at all and wear out quickly .
shellout a few more dollars and get the elixer strings .
you wo n't regret it .
the variant that i play has had numerous issues .
pros : price , style cons : workmanship , defective components
no tone at all !
recieved a very dirty cover , ca n't believe it is new !
maybe it 's just me , but very bad experience !
it was the marine band sound and 2 bad reeds .
poor quality strings , sound not bright like d'addario .
break easily with little more tension .
mine was made in mexico .
looks like cheap china made strings .
i bought d'addaria and gibson .
someone apparently had installed the buttons on their guitars then sent back the locks .
i returned it and requested the replacement .
i 'm returning this guitar immediately and this time no replacement but refund .
i have tried to return this item .
i only used this guitar twice , finding its quality lacking .
this caused a delay in finding that the guitar was also mis-produced .
also , i have n't been able to blow-bend the 10 hole for years .
used to be able to .
i was very disappointed with the sound of this unit .
when the item arrived to me , it was in poor condition .
i do not abuse the guitar by any means of the word .
i set it down , i pick it up , wire problems .
in terms of sound , these string are nice .
sounded great on my alvarez regent .
but , in terms of durability , not so great .
i do n't break strings regularly , so this is pretty annoying .
these strings sound okay , so far .
they should , being brand new .
but they were an enormous hassle to put on the guitar .
they are not packaged separately !
this made changing the strings a super pain in the ass .
i wo n't buy these again .
does not fit a roland rd-300sx 88 key keyboard .
i should have returned it .
this is total crap .
it 's valuable like 50 cents .
did not fit 88-key midi controller .
this honor looks nice but sounds almost exactly like my cheaper plastic soprano .
i 'll never pick up my first guitar which is essentially this .
it does n't do fast charging on lg v10 very slow charging very disappointed
this kyser does n't open as wide as the earlier models .
would not fit my yamaha fs830 .
the capo i received has a shallow and short gripping ability .
additionally , i found it to be difficult to grasp and open .
i threw it in the trash .
does not fit roland rd-800 or casio privia 88-key stage pianos .
broke out of the box .
it came out of the factory box , no visual damage .
the rhythm switch was broke .
based on the reviews , purchased this guitar for my grandson to start learning .
arrived quickly , which was nice and unexpected .
there was also a bunch of loose wood debris inside the body .
it 's being returned and replaced with another brand , yet to be determined .
this is a great student guitar and great value .
i would never recomend it. '
it shows dust really badly as well .
too slippery hard to cover piano
terrible tone for a recorder .
i 've used others that are much more warm and playable .
needed to go up one size for a little extra room .
does not play well above the staff and they would not return .
when getting a product like this id recommend getting a known higher quality filter .
there is no way we can comfortably use this .
this is a scam .
used and barely on last legs .
severely out of tune .
box looked like it came from a dumpster
this harmonica went out of tune quickly after being purchased .
i definitely would not recommend this brand .
this recorder looks good but the f is off the pitch .
you can only find the recorder sounds off the key is kid 's toy .
if you buy this as toy , then it is good toy .
but as an instrument of music , do n't recommend .
any instrument that is off the key , no way .
these kysers are ok but not really for acoustic so much .
it 's not the best science .
i am a professional entertainer of stage so this a needed .
for basic capo needs ... ... .. it 's great .
i returned this product right after i opened the package .
this was n't mentioned on the description on amazon website .
returning the item to the seller ( music123 ) has proved difficult .
i was extremely disappointed .
i 'm sending these back to the seller .
i will be returning this .
pretty disappointed in the product .
maybe this is just a fluke but i 'm not chancing it again .
do n't get me wrong , i love these harmonicas .
i guess it was never tested before leaving the factory .
i just hate the hassle of having to return it .
too slippery and ca n't hook to my yamaha sp90 .
now i am back to find better ones .
do n't be like me .
go get the schaller strap locks instead .
installation is easy , just a couple of screws like any other locking system .
why would you want to do that ?
aesthetics aside the straps seemed to work great .
after a few months they started to creak a bit .
do you oil these things ?
i would recommend you check yours !
the cost of return will supper pass the value of the item : - (
not all that great .
10x better pedals for the money ( see boss ds-2 or pro-co rat ) .
do n't listen to good reviews .
for the third time it was the wrong size .
i have a yamaha 88 keyboard .
i 've spent a fair amount on your products , especially the 88 keyboard .
why is a keyboard cover such a problem .
i know i sound grumpy .
so , no more inferior gator keyboard covers .
instead , i ordered a wall tapestry as a cover .
this took 2 weeks to ship and when it arrived it was defective .
i would not buy again .
meh ... sent it back , had better .
sounds very canned and thin .
get a ds-1 for half the price .
i love most boss pedals , but not this one
if you have a skinny neck guitar it probably works better .
see my other capo reviews .
this thing is trash .
it doesnt seem like a good value .
i have other harps that feel and sound better for similar to slightly more expensive
do yourself a favor and get some more durable sticks .
product is not as pictured .
product still works fine .
need to update your photos with the correct colors !
i should have done more research first .
one came damaged the button
package clearly broken , but shipped that way anyway .
should come with extra washer for a tighter fit .
worked for 15 minutes then died .
i wanted it for holloween but never worked again .
i went to walmart and bought 3 battery operated strobes for $ 5 each .
working on getting my money back .
this product did not work first time we plugged it in .
further , instructions state that it has a max duty-cycle of about 50 % .
completely went dead after 5 minutes of use .
such a waste of money .
do not buy this , it wo n't last long .
dont waste your time .
if anyone has suggestions , please let me know .
you have to pay border tax for europe 100 euro
it 's been a while since i bought this .
it worked great but 2 years after it decided not to work
the strap is fine .
extremely disappointed that i paid close to $ 16 each for a inferior product .
my return window has passed so therefor i 'm stuck with these .
read the other reviews and steer clear !
this item surprisingly lights up a room pretty well .
however , it 's lifespan is terrible !
after the first hour it just died and never turned on again .
needless to say is i am not very happy with this product .
i had this plugged in for about 15 minutes before it stopped working .
save your money , do n't buy it .
the biggest problem is that it is very hard to mount .
if you 're not looking for much it 's worth it .
i wish i would have bought a little bit better one .
it 's not fit new 2015 korg kronos 88 keys..
i plugged it in and it wouldnt work horrible product do n't buy .
one of the worst products ive gotten .
i saw the good reviews so i bought it but i was dissapointed
i 'm very disappointed at the quality of this product .
this is the first strobe i 've ever bought .
however , it 's useless in a lighted environment .
also , there is no on/off switch .
the spec for this item indicates 110/220 v for power input .
the actuial item is dc4.5v only .
contacted seller many time and still not resolved .
this pedal works ok for practicing .
but i strongly advise against recording using this pedal .
have tried to run it to an amp and mic it .
it is not good for metal , or any other genre for that matter .
boss makes some great products , but this is definitely not one of them .
the flash produced by this device was pretty dim .
could barely be seen in a lighted room .
though , it is a `` mini '' strobe light .
perhaps it was n't really meant for very bright flashes .
additionally , after only 4 days of use , it ceased to function correctly .
it would only blink a couple times a minute .
i bought one it lasted less then a month .
i just wo n't consider getting another one .
out of box this little strobe light did n't work for me .
its strobe was not constant and missed counts frequently .
the strap locks are great .
the packaging left much to be desired .
item was of poor quality .
i did return it .
unless you use it in a closet , it did n't work well .
took forever to arrive .
then too difficult for my 13 year old son to use .
this shock mount is nicely made with quality parts , very sturdy indeed .
i have a roland fp-4 keyboards and it does not cover it well .
no more dunlop products ever again ! ! ! !
dimarzio cliplock strap pisses all over craploks !
these guys make questionable stuff .
so yeah i 'm pretty upset about that .
this is not a dust cover that you can quickly use to protect daily .
it 's cheap , but save yourself the money .
i cant get this to clamp on to my hi hat stand tube
shattered the first time i tried to attach it to a snare drum rim .
on stage , in a big hurry , disappointed .
noisy , takes 2 hands , i rather my cheap pawn shop cable
worst cable i 've ever purchased .
great concept , but poor quality .
it 's thin , extremely rigid , and kinks very easily .
do n't waste your money !
i hate that they destroyed a great cable design .
why did they change this ?
i want the original planet waves circuit breaker cables back .
: - ( i 'm looking for an alternate solution .
they changed the way this kill switch works- it 's totally annoying now .
this is a great feature .
i changed the product once because the power button was very sensitive .
unfortunately there is no way to give it back .
unfortunately the on/off switch seems to be very sensitive .
excellent company , fast service .
does n't work but any try .
it 's circuit breaker may have functioned properly for a week or two .
kinkier than any lady i 've ever dated .
i bought two of these , and one stopped working after only 1 gig !
not expecting the second one ( the 'back-up ' ) to last much longer .
does not play well with pearl mastercast hoops .
broke the first time trying to fit it on the drum .
heavy , bulky and wo n't stay where it is clamped .
do n't waste your money and all !
i bought this for a korg kronos-x .
the condition of this item was not listed accurately .
instructions were ripped in half and hard to read .
this could be remedied with additional washers .
cable shorted out within a week of using it .
not happy at all .
the clips in my 100.00 pyle pro back up drum mic kit are better .
will not be buying any more .
had to return it .
did n't fit my 88 note keyboard .
it was adjustable , but another inch around would have done it .
the switch end makes noise , and it did straight out of the package .
in addition , it has progressively gotten worse with time .
if i could give no stars i would .
i ordered a 20 ft and a 10 ft version of this cable .
the 20 ft worked ok. the 10 ft cable caused noise on the signal .
i traced it back to an intermittent ground located at the right angle connector .
i bought two of these cables delivered to me january 9th .
planet waves 15-foot circuit breaker 1/4-inch instrument cable .
i bought it for the circuit breaker .
hard tuning and hold the button .
great company but this is a lousy product ! ! ! ! ! !
take them off the market
i wish i would have read the reviews on this before purchasing .
same issues as the other reviewers .
now stuck with a noisy cable .
on off button does n't work .
ill start with the fact that i love the idea of this cable .
in fact i love this cable .
it is such a tight fit that i am sure something will break .
probably the jack will break if i continue to use it on these guitars .
it works wonderfully on both my jazz basses .
it is such a basic component , how could they have gotten this wrong .
noisy ... i returned one due to my operational misunderstanding .
the screen is very thin compared to other products .
over priced , low quality - find an alternative .
if i could do it again , i would n't purchase this filter .
however , make double sure your cable 's on/off switch properly latches .
i ordered two of these .
you have to physically hold the switch button down to mute the cable .
these are a total waste of money .
arrived as expected on time , however the cord was a bit noisy .
i ordered two of these and both had the same problem .
i switched it out between 4 ukuleles and the problem did not change .
the model with the on/off switch would be a better choice .
i would have given it 5 stars if it worked properly .
cable switch does n't work at all .
appears to have a short straight out of the package .
getting loud static that cuts in and out every few seconds .
this is a deal breaker !
i have a few strait end cables that i love .
i ordered one from a local music store and same problem .
they are clearly having production problems .
this is not supposed to be a mute switch you have to hold in .
it should lock into the off position and then be able to be released .
just got these in the mail .
bad move on my part .
i think they made it out of the slipperiest material on planet earth .
if only i had extremely long arms , then maybe ?
quite simply i have ordered two and neither has worked .
most decent leads have that kind of snap in , that feels secure .
1st one came and it did n't work , so i ordered another .
that did n't work either .
a very poor product , i certainly wo n't be buying from them again .
plugged it in and needed to crank the amp to get any volume .
maybe this one is defective .
either way , i would test the cable upon receipt .
this product is poorly engineered .
used these strings on a gibson jumbo .
you push it in and over time it gradually slides out and disconnects .
i have a friend with the same cable - does the self same thing .
sorry d'addario but wo n't be buying any more cables from you .
tried installing these on a gibson sg .
therefore , i did not want to force the dunlop screws into the guitar .
the sg screws do not work with these because the heads are too big .
in essence , these did not work for me .
this cable has been redesigned .
i am very disappointed in the new design .
i love and have used my previous planetwaves circuit breaker cable for many years .
this change makes this cable much less useful than the old design .
i have the straight angle version that is an okay cable .
we 're done here .
great concept , but failed immediately ( no connection whatsoever ) .
complete waste of money .
i had to return because the circuit break button did not function correctly .
i 'm probably going to stick to standard instrument cables .
these came stock on my jackson kelly kexmg .
i figured since the guitar came with them i would try them out .
i would push them into the receiver and they pop back out .
schallers click in and you know they are ready to go .
they just feel cheap .
for a few bucks more i 'll stick with schaller 's .
i have been using them for 10+ years and have never seen one fail .
lot of static with brand new marcus miller bass .
was good while it lasted but went kaput waaaayyy too fast .
the key is out of tune in 3 months
it simply does not clamp the strings .
their `` adjustable '' setting only makes it looser .
i would not buy another kyser capo .
i am extremely disappointed .
i bought this 6 weeks ago .
i play in a praise band and also occasionally at local gigs .
now i uderstand what stretchy means in the product name .
however i was wrong .
i will return it .
closing the case may pinch the reed tips .
this leaves 8 usable slots .
bent # 4 reed after 3 days of playing
i relayed this information to amazon.com , and got no reply .
i complained again and still got no reply .
i need a replacement , and no one will respond .
i am a very dissatisfied customer !
without access inside deep cleaning is n't possible and holes start plugging .
do n't waste your money !
you are better off throwing in the extra dollars fro something better .
gooseneck is basically useless .
could n't get the thing to stand up if my life depended on it .
i am sure in the pisture the goosneck is resting on a countertop ... .
generally speaking pw products are reliable .
no connection to tip .
they were way too big .
they fit fine , they 're just ugly .
installation is also more of a pain than it should be .
i 've got tenax on my other guitar and i like them much better .
color is not as bright as it appears .
i have to say that this reed is not what it seems .
it holds tons of reeds but you have to fit them in really tight .
it might just be mine because everyone else seems to be fine .
this product has damaged my reeds and i 've only just now noticed .
fully inserting a reed will damage the reeds integrity and bend/break the reed .
bought this not through amazon but at a local music store .
all in all , i 'd not buy this brand again .
a bent hangar with a nylon would work better .
excellent mold breeding ground .
i do not recommend this case for an 88 keys keyboard .
2nd note does n't work .
definetly getting a special 20 next time .
heed this warning and save yourself some heartache .
this product should be removed and redesigned .
there is a slight edge around the bottom where the reeds slide out .
just enough to make it annoying .
dissatisfaction is guaranteed if you 're a serious clarinet player .
it damages your reeds and the reeds still become warped .
this is the prime example of you get what you pay for .
just could not get a secure plug in connection .
i also tried several instruments , it still would n't stay in .
very easy to change just loosen the screw and swap .
now it 's a great cable .
the neck wont hold it , only when it 's hanging .
but vertical/side/horizontal ... forget about it !
the plastic clamp i hope it will stay !
not worth for the price .
i should have gotten from other site for a better brand !
returned because of an ever so slight buzz
lot of unnecessary parts involved .
pain in the behind to put together .
my guitar is an evh wolfgang special .
would n't recommend it if you do n't have any mechanical experience
i am very glad i did that first .
amazon lists the *inside* dimensions of the cover as 48 '' by 16 '' .
again , i measured only the white keys , nothing outside that .
surely the company must have made sure it fit something .
i could really use a cover like this .
i loved this harmonica .
i 'm a beginner and was learning from an online resource on blues harmonica .
the instructor highly recommended this harmonica to learn on .
i was able to blow and draw on every note .
i learned out to get a single note , etc .
covering up all the holes and blowing on # 2 , i get sound .
drawing on # 2 , just air .
my usage of the harmonica was not much .
it was normal playing of simple songs .
i did try and clean it .
i suppose the reed has some damage and needs a replacement .
not sure what happened .
i 'm also concerned about what it would do to frets after prolonged use .
i recommend stearing clear from these entirely .
i bought this for my fantom g8 .
it does n't even come close to fitting .
as a matter of fact i can not see what 88-key keyboard it would .
if you are lucky to received a good , yes , keep it .
i had bad experience with them .
wo n't buy anything from them any more .
but read all the fine letters , before place order from antonline .
amazon wo n't back you up either .
still , i am very disappointed with this cable .
i got it for use at home .
unfortunately , this feature does not work at all .
gravity alone is enough for this cable to fall out of the plug .
i have never seen a cable do this in my 34 years of playing .
i would not recommend these cables .
incidentally , do n't buy monster cables either .
you know , where you ca n't fix them .
buy a cheaper , well-made cable instead .
many pro players use them because of endorsement deals with hohner .
i have spoken to famous professional player that endorses them .
buy suzuki promaster for best performance for the money out of the box .
the metal arm that extends from it is so heavy .
it could have been a bit shorter or even made from a solid plastic .
its sitting in my closet now .
hoping ill find the mic for it one day .
so i boutht one ; same problem !
the concept is great but not worth the problems !
cheap but does not work well .
orange , not red as depicted .
i think schallers are a bit better .
the plastic washer will keep the strap from slipping off .
i bought some dunlop strap locks many years ago for one my bass 's .
i would recommend ernie ball strap locks .
they are few more bucks , but they actually work .
you can take them on and off .
i have ernie ball on all of my other instruments .
the end is way to heavy .
do n't let that happen during a show !
i 've found the clamp capos much more effective , manageable and durable .
problems i 've had with it over the years .
there are better options today .
does not completely bar the chords leaving a rattle type sound .
it is also inconvenient to place onto the guitar .
the product came in broken .
it just flops around and you ca n't position the screen .
i would not recommend this to anyone .
do not do what a pop filter is supposed to .
please do not waste your money .
i really wished i would have listened to the other reviews .
this capo is garbage .
it does not sufficiently press the strings and therefore does n't work at all .
it really stunk and i returned it .
do not buy this ! !
this capo coming in the mail really bright also its not tight enough .
it leaves you with a buzzing sound on your guitar .
plus it seems to damage guitars after awhile of uses .
this is a very very very bad capo ! !
i never received this gadget .
i often wonder whether i would have liked it or not .
some kind of mix-up , i suppose .
glad this did n't happen while playing .
also , the on/off button is awkward .
replaced this with auto-switched cable from audiopile.net .
i bought 4 of these and 3 crapped out in less than 2 months .
lucky planet waves replaced them cause amazon doesnt accept returns after 30days .
some reeds stopped working within weeks .
another reed stopped working a month later .
unfortunately have to throw it in the trash and get another one .
i just received the product .
product sealed in the plastic box .
the product fits well to the microphone stand .
the screw-holder holds the body well .
however , part of the the screen is ripped out of the box .
not something i would buy again .
it appears that he is sticking with what works .
the screws that came with it did n't fit on any guitar i have .
sound was very good .
hard to hold for someone with big hands .
i would not recommend this to anyone .
it is flimsy and does not do the job .
it is totally frustrating to try to use .
i was very disappointed in both the quality and engineering of this product .
a work-around for the main issue follows the review .
the strap button has a radius about 3/16ths of an inch .
therefore any lateral stress ( i.e .
it does n't need much .
i used a belt sander and it took about 20 seconds each .
sorry , i do n't like these as they 're just too big .
they stand out too much .
they do work and they 're effective but they are too pronounced .
again , they work , but they 're not aesthetic nor elegant .
but theory does not match practice .
i have a long-neck electric ( not bass ) and a fender strat .
my back is not great , sometimes shoulder , so thought this would help .
unfortunately , after trying it several times , i never use it .
all in all , a brilliant idea ( and great folks !
) , but not for the guitar , in my view .
but this product was completely unusable for me .
super uncomfortable and held bass in a really bad position for playing .
the straplok itself works well .
the installation hardware , mainly the screws , are terrible in design .
they need to come up with a better design for installation .
they feel like cheap pressed metal and are very clanky .
recommend getting more substantial strap locks from another manufacturer if you need them .
there is a loud pop when i press the mute button on this cable .
it does n't work as advertised .
baggs para di direct box .
i received this hoping it would in fact look tie-died .
i was wanting a fun , bright capo , but this let me down .
i expected more for less but got less for more .
it does what it 's suppose to , but not nessary to have .
second time using the harmonica and the second hole produces no sound when drawing .
we bought two sets of strings .
did n't even get either on tunes , every string but one broke .
these mallets are too hard and i am dissatisfied with them .
do n't know if i can return them if i already use them ...
worst capo i 've ever used
there are many competitors to this product with similar functionality .
ordered 2 pack , only received 1 set .
figured i would be bent over on these and i was right .
very very slow delivery .
i love ernie ball and i 've been a regular user over the years .
this is simply not acceptable .
i 'll take my chances with d'addario
also the bolt that holds together the filter does n't stay tight ever
i returned this days after receiving it .
the filter is too heavy for the bendable lever , so it droops .
the tension on this capo is way too strong .
i bought this out of the box harmonica and it 's terrible .
i 've had it about three months and it 's been very gently used .
i have other c harps that i prefer .
this one however is already not usable .
considering it 's $ 45.00 price tag i 'm very disappointed .
in the future i will stick with the special 20 's and crossovers .
protects the guitar good .
looks like a second due to delaminations on the top .
after one flight it got opened
1 clasp does n't work at all and another is faulty .
is this the right case for the wildkat guitar ?
i would like to return it for another .
this has happened on not just one , but two different dl4s i had .
so kind of a bummer .
just wish that the pedal lasted longer .
so sad , i expected better from line6 .
died after like 5 months .
i 've been pursuing voiceover for three years .
unfortunately , errant pops sneak into my recordings fairly often .
it just does n't support the weight of the pop filter .
no matter how i positioned this thing , the filter would always sag .
i 've used a lot of capos over the years , including kyser capos .
generally , i consider kyser an industry standard .
there will be no quick capo changes with this bad lad !
i 'd recommend an adjustable g7 capo over this one any day .
3. it does not take wear and tear very well .
learn from my mistake , do n't buy this case !
gator 's `` lifetime warranty '' seems all marketing .
beware of the side handle as it easily rips .
the case came with stains/discoloration to the exterior in a few places .
the bottom of two latches scraped my fingers , they seem flimsy and cheap .
the interior lining was decent
loved this pedal but it inexplicably died on me after about a year .
i tried to turn it on one day and it no longer worked .
bought it on sam ash btw .
zipper jammed on both zippers .
the zipper broke very soon after using .
i should have filed a claim with gator .
but , the product i received each time does not have wheels .
perhaps leaving a 1-star comment will help ?
first the handle ripped and then today the bottom wheel housing assembly fell off .
light gigging , really disappointed .
anyone know of a better replacement ?
wasted my money on this one .
unfortunately , not all the notes ( holes ) work .
the other notes work just fine and sound good .
not recommended ( at least for beginners ) .
way to big for ni s61 keyboard .
after only 2 months of moderate use , the handle has begun to rip .
went to local place to check out hands-on .
i was not impressed at all .
the thing just felt cheap .
i could not imagine playing it for long .
it was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy .
item was not new and not in working order and in fact was damaged .
have to use tape to get it to work how it should be working .
it was advertised as a 61-key keyboard case but it is way larger .
there are 18-24 '' excess length space for the keyboard to slide around in .
case did not fit keyboard it claimed to .
i can not express my disappointment .
it broke on it 's first airtrip .
overall this product does what it is designed to do .
stops the `` pop '' .
mesh is flexible and seems durable .
biggest pro is that it is inexpensive !
i do n't want it to flop around .
a simple winged bolt will remedy this if it ever does .
broke at the metal pin after 5 months of use .
this guitar is absolute junk .
while it may look beautiful , it is built with absolutely no care .
i bought one at christmas , and i played it very rarely with rocksmith .
this thing is unplayable .
spend $ 100 more on something a little nicer .
this capo is inadequate for my needs .
it has trouble producing enough tension and is fiddly regarding intonation .
do not buy this product .
the output jack on mine fell of .
poor quality and very disappointing .
there was no rough usage involved .
i opened the box and i noticed that its been opened before .
i see this because there were staples holding it together .
not happy at all .
its been carefully moved locations a handful of times but still managed to break .
i do n't recommend this .
does n't work very well on my electric 12 string , frowny face : (
excellent am very happy .
the vinyl is thin and poorly glued/stitched .
it is n't worth $ 100 .
it 's thin and cheap .
latches look ok. going back tomorrow .
i 'd return it but husband threw out the packaging .
this means that product needs constant re-adjusting .
i got this case with an off-brand les paul copy .
$ 99 is ridiculously priced for this thing .
the thing seems to function as intended , but it was n't shrink-wrapped ?
there were just two staples along the top of the plastic packaging .
how unprofessional is that ?
wow , next time , i 'm going to a retail location .
thats how poorly made this product is .
the les paul fits perfectly and the interior is plush and fits securely .
also has a lock and key .
if it was n't so difficult to return it , we would have .
we ordered a different 6 string capo which fit my son 's guitar fine .
we were extremely disappointed .
would have given it 5 stars if it had lasted .
the choral folder did not suit my needs .
the originaldescription said it had light wear from use and was missing some strings .
i own a '84 martin d-12-28 and a '03 martin j12-16gt guitars .
you can not have that performing live .
i would not recommend this to anyone especially martin owners to not buy this .
spring for the g7 guitar capo instead .
but well worth the money spent .
case looks and feels great , but it 's very cheaply made .
this a music folder that is a horrible choir folder .
octavo size music is dwarfed inside it .
i have tried to iron the flaps down , but they still stick out .
i am very disappointed .
i would not recommend this music folder to anyone .
perfect fit for my guitar .
i wanted a folder to use for orchestra music .
but some of the orchestra parts that i use are a very tight fit .
the pockets are not the typical pockets you see with sheet music folders .
it seems like this is designed for 8.5x11 but not much larger than that .
cheap filter with cheap results .
the filter does work when its in position .
good luck getting it there though .
i use this with my rogue herringbone 12-string .
will not be buying kyser again .
shipping in a timely fashion for this product does n't exist .
my son used this for 3 days and it was already falling apart .
this was a waste of our money !
the bending shaft does not stay in place once bent .
i am now wishing that i had ordered from a different seller .
too big for a choir .
i think its fine for orchestra
looking at the product , it seems `` ok '' .
but the thing is , at $ 16+ and made in china ? ?
that 's way too much !
the reason why 1 start is because it came to me broken !
the connection between the goose neck and the clamp is loose !
these companies should know that and should do strict quality control on their items .
it 's just a microphone pop filter !
make it right people ! ! ! !
do n't inconvenience your customers ! ! !
to the possible buyers : consider what i wrote here .
returning it and waiting for a long time is just not worth it !
its not worth it .
very poorly made ... would not recommend .
looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless .
the arm just plain does n't work .
overall i 'm displeased with its appearance .
as for the product it self would n't know as of right now .
this product is a waste of money .
does n't open as wide as earlier models .
design has changed ... not a fan .
the pencil holder has no bottom piece so the pencil slips out .
the pockets holding the music are too small for full size scores .
do n't like it .
ordered this and was received with a big tear on the side .
case construction is ok , but the lock broke on me almost immediately .
this did n't work well for my 12 string acoustic .
it was n't tight enough to hold down the low e strings .
got buzzes and muted string sounds throughout the fret board .
check out the planet waves ns capo pro 6 and 12 string .
i really like that one .
see my recommendation for that .
what good is a capo that only presses down half of my strings ?
the 6 larger strings sound great and the other half just sound dead .
the tension on this thing really needs to be adjustable or something .
really terrible capo and i 'm definitely returning mine .
do n't buy this thing .
the closer you get to the headstock the worse it is .
so i 'm off to find a new better capo for my 12 string .
case is great but it came scratched .
not what i expected .
is to large for the way i planed to use it .
this was exactly what i was looking for .
definitely 5 stars.highly recommend these for any instrumental group .
when i order something new , i expect it to be new .
based on this product alone , i would not recommend buying from this seller .
the screen fell out as soon as i pulled it free from the packaging .
i have had to rig the thing to keep it together .
i probably should 've just made my own with a wire hanger and stockings .
everything else kinda works .
the clamp clamps and the adjustable arm allows for just that .
looks good out of the box .
i had to reinforce it with aquarium tubing to make it be usable .
terminally flexible would be the diagnosis , technically speaking , i believe .
how does that work in performance ? ! !
and it was too heavy to hold in concert .
i guess `` musician '' to this maker does not include vocal musicians
the smell is quite overwhelming and room-filling !
i 'm hoping over time it will diminish .
the vinyl skin covering the case seems rather thin and delicate .
the fit is quite tight .
it 's small , many of my scores would n't be able to fit .
no pencil holder either .
this folder is very good-looking but not as useful as i would like .
the pockets are not flat but have elastic .
two separate pockets instead of a single wide pocket .
did n't fit the guitar that it was suggested for
it works perfectly for its intended use of preventing plosives .
gives me much better mic sound .
the adjustment arm is almost useless as it does n't hold its position .
i do n't recomend this item .
it was an off brand , not the actual kyser capo .
these are heavily padded , thick music folders .
i would have preferred a lighter folder , although at least they are protective .
this is rather impossible , as the pockets are under 10 '' wide .
the folder is well made but poorly designed .
on the plus side , the customer service from musician 's friend was outstanding .
the package was shipped securely and arrived quickly .
i would definitely buy other products from this company .
it is a chinese knockoff .
again , do not buy .
i have four roland dp-2 's and three are broken .
they stop working and get stuck 'on ' for no reason .
i do n't think i 'll buy another .
very disappointed in the shipper .
that particular string is constantly out of tune once the capo goes on .
have n't had that issue with other capo 's .
the picture tricked me !
not even a full week of owning this and the sustain sticks .
would have been better off just buying a generic brand to be honest .
do n't bother wasting your money guys ,
no doubt , this pedal produces distortion sounds .
yes , i know it 's a classic- it 's just not for me .
i purchased the boss ds-1x instead- we 'll see how that sounds .
pedal was dead out of the box .
never worked , bought the recommended power supply ( which works )
defective - i had to return
this case seemed to get favorable reviews , so i ordered one from amazon .
upon unboxing the case i noticed immediately a few blemishes .
the thing that really bugs me is the flap of outer material hanging loosely .
my epiphone lp standard fits with some gentle persuasion .
maybe i got a dud .
i was n't aware that black paint costs 10 dollars .
just does n't work for me .
i 'll need to buy something else .
it will protect your guitar around the house and going to practice .
the quality is exceptionally poor .
the cover is soft and tears really easy even with a gentle bump .
i was sent a banjo case and not a les paul guitar case .
i returned the case thru ups .
i have not recieved my refunded monies yet .
lots of comments when other musicians see it .
had to change this rating .
zipper is a weak point .
it came apart causing the case to be unable to open .
the capo is a really nice piece and does its job well .
led light failed after one hour .
i miss the days when boss made good products .
buy yourself a blues box and do n't waste your time and money .
out of three guitar pedals ordered here , all have been returned .
review might be updated when i actually get to try it out .
it has started working again but the distortion sounds horrible now .
even with made in japan , there are different types .
i have that review on guitar fan site .
for new players , i recommend keeley mod .
fender , gibson , yamaha ... coach bag company is a perfect example .
he is pretty sure it happened getting it on ornoff the school bus .
2nd defective product item in a row .
i will never buy from this seller ever again .
this is one of those pedals everybody has had but has moved on .
have n't even gotten to use it .
had replace the battery and one of the 9 volt connector pieces snapped off .
produces little to no noticeable effect on my guitar .
i 've tried everything that one would think would solve the problem .
i 'd have given no stars if that was an option .
the capo i ordered does not match the picture , which is pretty frustrating .
through , `` never been more happier . ''
my own experience was that i was disappointed .
when the instrument arrived , there were no instructions for setting it up .
one important step was to do an initial tightening of the drum skin tension .
a third was barely hanging by its staple .
the fourth was solid .
this was not the case for this instrument .
if there are people happy with their 6-string banjos , good for them .
but something happened to the quality control between then and now .
do n't even bother w this pedal , it sounds like balls..
power connector is cheap and intermittently disconnects since new .
i was surprised because i was not doing anything to the drum key .
if only evans knew who i was ... . shame shame evans .
stopped working after about a week in a half .
be advised when buying instruments : you never know who is shipping or how .
returned the 'jo and got one locally that i could see .
sad ; not offputting from amazon 's sake , but a lesson nevertheless .
here 's the deal with this pedal .
this was a replacement for the first case i received that was defective .
the first case had an indentation right near the latch .
worried that when carrying in bad weather , the case may not be waterproof .
lets see what happens with the third .
not expecting much and have a feeling i will be returning that also .
always though that skb cases were well built quality merchandise .
obviously i was wrong .
at least amazon 's return policy is easy enough .
third case was what i expected .
too bad it took three to get it right .
this bass was a serious disappointment .
the sound was lousy .
the fret board sounds like a buzz saw .
fret buzz on every string at almost every position .
i would never use it in a real gig .
this looks nothing like the photograph .
at first it was pretty solid .
the hiss is irritating ... ... resembling the technology of the 1970s hardware .
i believe that boss can correct the poor design creating the unbearable hiss .
there are a few things one would expect when buying a guitar case .
spend a little more cash and get a good case .
this one is just too cheap .
went to radio shack they had none that fits .
suppoused to always send an electric equipment with its power outlet ... wtf
this pedal is just terrible .
its thin and weak sounding and just muddles everything up .
basic distortion / nothing fantastic .
its a good pedal for someone just starting out .
constructed well looks good sounds less than average .
tried to drive it and it just gets worse .
great pedal for a kid to play with but on stage do n't bother .
selling mine off for some new strings .
this is your deal . ''
i 've played guitar for over 10 years .
like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the ds-1 .
so i snapped one up just like everyone else .
so i plugged it in and did n't really care for it .
the distortion was harsh , thin , artificial sounding and always noisy .
a very worthy pedal , unfortunately overlooked by many .
probably my personal favorite .
its a rich , full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy .
i 've never heard a bad tone out of mine .
a truly excellent pedal .
very big , saturated and warm .
basically , its a pre-amp that sits on the floor .
its an unbelievably versatile pedal , and its even true bypass .
a true hidden gem that 's actually cheaper than a ds-1 .
hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for .
find something you truly love and buy that .
then you need to push the up/down buttons to change it .
why all this hassle when all i want is a simple click per beat ?
and indeed , the tuner has a hard time when there 's background noise .
i find it useless for acoustic guitars if there is any background noise .
not a good idea .
metronomes should click.. click click click click ... .
works great in a quiet room .
after years of playing acoustic guitar i purchased a fender strat and a ds-1 .
famous musicians did not record with a stock , present day ds-1 .
the boss od-3 can create the sounds you are accustomed to in popular music .
the od-3 allows the tone of your guitar to come through the distortion .
but the ds-1 sound is unacceptable .
i was n't impressed with this pedal at all .
i 'd shell out the extra $ 20 and get a big muff .
this is not a boutique distortion pedal like hendrix would use .
boutique and distortion are an oxymoron .
metronome is not loud enough for any serious practicing with any instrument .
the tuner does not track pitch very well .
i gave it a 2 over a 1 star review because the tuner works .
remember this from the boss write up ?
no more looking down at the tuner . ''
what really makes this a bad deal is the so called metronome .
again you simply ca n't hear it .
i bought this thinking i was buying a tuner and a metronome .
it 's a shame cause as a general rule boss makes good stuff .
but i would advise you to pass on this product .
this is at best a tuner .
not me , thank you .
honestly i think its hardly worth the space it occupies in my case .
i would recommend this for my rivals , my rivals students , and hitler .
i can not recommend this device because the metronome is uselessly inaudible .
there is no headphone jack and no volume control .
( the store had the same price as did amazon . )
) , then press another button to complete the operation .
omigosh -- who do they think they 're kidding ? !
and yes , `` there 's an app for that . ''
the iphone/ipod touch have great free apps both for tuning and for the metronome .
it will turn off randomly ( sometimes before a minute is up ) .
i thought i could plug in my headphones and use the metronome but nope .
the tuner works like any other tuner .
it 's kind of hard to hear over live drums .
this tuner is alright .
it works best in quiet environment .
i used this tuner to help when tuning my acoustic guitar .
i exchanged it for another tuner .
now i regret it .
i was confused with how to use the metronome .
it had things like 0/4 1/4 etc .
i did n't get that .
the metronome was strange because it did not display time signatures .
also the beep sound was unusual for a metronome .
this thing is way too quiet and there 's no way to fix it .
the tuner part of this is okay .
as another user mentioned , it works best in a quiet room .
also works well if you plug directly into the guitar output .
the metronome is junk .
even on new batteries after prolonged use it shuts off .
the only plus side is that you can set it easily .
i took it back and got something better .
i 'm usually a big fan of the boss company and their products .
the metronome is useless .
because there is no volume control whatsoever .
it 's so soft that it 's embarrassing that they even incorporated it .
the tuner function seems decent although i have n't used it extensively .
i was very disappointed in this tuner .
works well , but heavy and cumbersome .
changed it for a honey tone -- much better .
this amp gets high marks for form and low marks for function .
it is portable and light .
roland should have put a bigger speaker in it .
i 'm returning it .
i ordered this item directly from my daughter 's amazon wish list .
unfortunately my brother did the same thing and my daughter got 2 of these .
she only needs one .
i spend aa lot of money on amazon and am very upset about this .
i just do n't get why so many people use this capo .
in my experience , it is useless .
if you enjoy re-tuning continually , then you will probably like this capo .
it will save you time and grief .
and yes , you can park it on the head when not in use .
forget this capo , and invest in the planet waves tri-action cap .
the sound is cheap .
like a little kids toy purchased at a family dollar store .
the rings are piercing .
i would not recommend this for any age or event .
it 's cheap and easy to use .
it 'll do the job , but i do n't like it .
i have several kyser capos .
different color for each guitar .
no one seems to care except me .
i hope you have better luck than i did .
a complete waste of money .
the 1.0 mm dunlop ultex feel much thinner than 1.0. very flimsy and small .
stay with your old dunlops , these ultex dunlops are terrible .
this is definitely a gig bag .
i suggest paying an extra $ 10 for the protec max case .
the weight of the 2 cases is comparable .
they last individually about a week .
they also wear smooth quickly on the grip .
i would recommend stearing clear of these .
month inn and plastic cover already ripped
i was expecting a better quality this strap looks used
extremely disappointed i will be requesting a refund .
i would probably not purchase a again .
overall looks are great but quality and duribility are not there ! !
not bad for the price !
i keep hoping i 'll find something it does work well with ...
the spring is too strong for a six string capo .
this capo is really small .
it bareley fit my guitar and it said six string for acoustic basicly .
but it did n't have the straight top .
but it was wavy not like the picture .
wrong product not ordering it again ...
it came all scratched .
one star for the seller not the product .
plus the quantity says 4 .
beware of this seller , i do n't think they are on the level .
if your play style utilizes a heavy attack these are the way to go .
i have to take back my favorable review from before .
what did n't this company turn out a precision instrument to begin with ?
returned this -- it musically did n't sound right .
please do n't waste your money .
this product is broken ! ! !
i have n't time for return this product .
i am very hungry .
having recently joined a recorder ensemble , i bought this recorder .
it was similar to one i played in a teacher-prep course in college .
while the sound was nice , it did n't last long .
i had to buy another recorder , a plastic one .
the tone is just as good .
i am an adult woman with smaller hands .
i was unable to do that with the hohner .
the pearwood also scratches easily .
sweet sounding as this price better then plastic one even better then aulos 307b
that was my first time using it and it broke .
i bought the wrong gauge .
i bought the .90 gauge at guitar center and love them .
these were made for that dave mustain muted crunch sound .
dunlop ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new .
buy em ! ! !
the recorder is okay .
a nicecase but size wrong returned at my cost wish the sizes were better explained
i really liked this recorder when i received it a half year ago .
i do n't think that this should be happening .
i use it only approximately an hour a week .
for many years the hohner pearwood recorders were my favorite wooden recorder .
they played well and had a nice tone .
they were easy to maintain .
i bought this case for a guild d25 12 string .
the case is too short for this guitar .
i would see this as frustrating to beginners and unacceptable for those more advanced .
my case came with one broken latch .
i will never buy these again .
this is a great guitar case -- exactly what i was looking for .
so , nothing wrong with the case -- but you should provide internal measurements .
will not stay in tune .
i have an expensive vintage gibson baritone ukulele .
everytime i retune , i 'm flat within 5 minutes .
cf would not be happy to hear this .
i am terribly irritated by this .
these strings are barely able to stay strung and keep coming loose .
end result is that i bought a new set of strings .
you guessed it they are aquila .
my 1st string wo n't even stay on my uke .
good luck maybe you 'll b more fortunate .
i need to speak to someone in amazon about this ... any one please ...
i expected better from martin .
i will never buy martin strings again because of this .
is there any decent baritone uke strings out there ? ?
thought i would upgrade and get martins .
i have a half a dozen ukes of varying sizes and styles .
the two sets lasted a total of 17 days .
total waste of money .
went down to the local store and got some cheap plastic crap .
will stick to those .
some 30 pound monofilament fishing line would be a better choice .
i returned the bag .
i returned the gig bag for exchange .
but the case is way too big for my classical guitar !
it fits my acoustic dreadnought body perfectly .
i 'm sending mine back for a refund
molded hard foam interior ( harder than styro ) .
a shallower dreadnought guitar would probably be ok in this case .
overall not anything to rave about .
the vendor sent the wrong item .
not satisfied at all .
in the right box , then sell to a customer .
this thing was not good at all .
i really do n't understand all the positive reviews .
this bag is flimsy and the straps are unusable .
even the cheapest gator bag is much better than this bag .
i love my epiphone les paul standard but hate this bag .
i 'm returning it at a loss .
i purchased these sticks because my son wanted the snakes and arrows .
that is not what i received .
i received the plain pro mark sticks with neal peart 's name .
for the money it works but not really impressed .
i expected a bit more from epiphone .
the picture shows a straight finish ( appearance ) .
they gave me the wavy appearance of the capo .
definitely , i 'll return this product .
this picture should be changed so that no other people are fooled .
bag did not have very much padding .
husband barely used it for two weeks when one of the backpack straps broke .
the stitching that holds the strap looped to the buckle suddenly came undone .
i can not recommend this bag .
for anything other than light storage to keep dust off .
sticks received were not neil peart autographed , signature sticks .
recieved product but the tightening bolt plastic was broken .
the clamp was still useable .
very large mounting bolt and may not work for smaller lights
the cable broke and doesnt work
this may be the last kyser i will buy .
also , they mess the tuning up on my guitars .
i am moving to g7 's for acoustic and planet waves for electric .
i 'm really sorry to say that it was very disappointing .
believe it or not , very difficult to install .
the sound was adequate .
is not a good product .
you can find something better .
its hard to make that work fine .
its always with problems .
i was not happy with the challenges to mounting the pads on the bridge .
this system is not working for me .
the idea that someone thought that was a good idea is really quite interesting/hilarious .
do n't waste your money on this .
not good for heavy lights
nice bag , but does not fit epiphone dot as mentioned .
this pickup did n't work out too well .
it 's a very odd and unworkable design .
i may as well put a bench vise on my guitar neck .
they are worth the extra money .
actual size is about 2 sizes too small !
have to return and needed them for work !
i used to love these sticks .
the weight , feel , look , but most importantly , the durability .
i do n't know what happened but these started breaking at a ridiculous rate .
sometimes after one use !
it really is too bad because these were it for me .
oh well ... guess i 'll go back to vic .
remove the metal hooks and its a good bag .
this thing produces an awful representation of what a bass should actually sound like .
i suggest the realist .
the sensitivity on this thing is ridiculous as well .
i ca n't turn the volume up without the it picking up constant feedback .
it sounds very natural and clear but lacks any driving low end .
i thought buying it directly to fishman would guarantee a good deal .
but it did n't .
first of all , it did n't come in a box .
it came wrapped in a paper .
it 's a shame .
i had trouble using this product as the correct tension was between too settings .
i am going to try a spring capo instead .
cheap but good for now
cheap , and you get exactly you what you paid for .
no way this can protect your guitar from anything else other than dust
pony up a little extra cash and get the realist from david gage .
their products are amazing and their customer service is second-to-none .
and please , do n't buy this worthless piece of garbage .
i bought this with the pre amp .
i love the pre amp , which i still use .
no trauma , no stress , no tension on the pickup itself .
it just stopped working .
one of the worst pickups i 've owned .
but unfortunately that is it 's best quality .
this is outdated technology , and i so wish i could sell mine .
who would i sell it to ?
i would have to tell them that it does not work very well .
equalizers fail to remove the sound of your fingers plucking the strings .
the finger sound is the prevalent sound .
save your money for something better .
i tried different locations of the bridge without any acceptable result .
in my opinion , distortion an noise are much too high .
it sounded terrible with the clips but better with the glue .
the sound is still pretty high end with weak bass .
if you like the high end sound , ok. but i wanted more depth .
too snug for my guitar .
not sure which one to guess with next .
i would not order again .
these sticks are some of the best sticks on the market .
2 star for late delivery .
didnt fit the guitar very well
one installed i 'm not going to uninstall and return .
i found a way around the all issues so there you have it .
just buy a new one .
it is sheer luck if the pressure is just right .
keep it , let it remind you to bring your good capo next time .
i used it one time .
i have not used it since .
money done flush down the toilet .
my guitar is 41 inches long .
this case did not fit .
too bad as you ca n't beat the price .
would not purchase again .
spend a little more and get something that will actually protect your guitar .
i do like how this works .
anyone listening ? ? ?
so , i contacted bbe .
the contact information on the website is totally useless .
it went out the next day and was received by kenny on 11/9/2016 .
i was told normal turn around was 9 business days .
the message promised a response within a few days .
it has been a week with no response from anyone at the company .
i even doubt it 's actual shira kashi oak .
just be careful ordering from this specific offer .
used it twice and it died .
it does do what it is intended to do .
one tube perfectly suites two 2x4ft panels .
i was forced to temporarily shut my studio down .
i might recommend gluing these to cardboard or pegboard etc .
to then hang them like poster frames .
takes up to much time .
i would n't recommend it to no one .
quicker , much much quicker .
i really do n't have a single good thing to say about this stuff .
- it works poorly as an adhesive .
the spray stuff seems to work better .
( user error is not impossible , but that 's my experience . )
- it 's pricey .
so , yeah , definitely not the right stuff for me .
these sticks are nothing like promark before they were purchased by d'addario .
they do n't look as cool , there 's no sumo wrestler .
also , the paint rubs off very easy .
overall , very disappointed .
i did n't receive the sticks shown .
they did n't have rush written on them like the pictures .
i was creating some sound control panels using auralex studiofoam .
the tubtak was too thick , it broke one of my caulk guns .
bbe sonic maximizer 882i demo and review https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=losl-gdhlpk & index=258
for the price i thought it would out perform a graphic eq .
i do not recommend this product
very unsatisfied with the morley .
minimal volume change and all within the first centimetre or two .
i have since purchased another brand .
this thing is a joke .
trust me , you do n't want this thing .
they break to easily i broke em within a day .
i really do n't recommend these to hard hitting drummers - j
not even close to fitting my guitar .
sorry : ( maybe my ukelele ?
said they would replace this , not recieved in over a month .
fine capo , except one huge flaw .
the spring used in the capo is insanely strong .
if you 're toating between practice with an instructor , it 's okay .
this bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage .
i would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag .
not a very great product .
spend the extra money and get something hand wired .
further search pointed to ground loop .
returning it and look for other alternative .
i purchased the product about 3 days ago .
i give it a star for being the fastest shipment i 've ever had .
i only recieved three !
i need six to play music !
i 'm very unsatisfied with the product .
the lower strings create a rattling sound as you strike them .
i 've never experienced this before with other strings .
a musician friend of mine confirmed the same impression .
i have to conclude it 's the strings that are rattling .
edit : 3/14/2013 all good things must come to an end .
also , kyser capos are made in the usa by americans .
; - ) charity starts at home !
these are not viola string , they are violin strings .
skb hustled out a pair of replacements -- but the wrong type .
it is larger than i needed , but the extra storage is welcome .
the handles and locks are good , and the padding adequate .
i say upgrade the housing and it 's a 3 star plus case .
waaaaaaaayyyyyyy to big unless you have a frekin massive board .
thinish plastic , not enough padding .
do yourself a favor and get a different one .
the minimum dimesions on this thing are wayyyyyy off .
on the other hand , i 've tested it with two inputs one output .
the pedal is almost transparent .
so it really depends on what you wan na do with this pedal .
my mmv supposedly came with these on it .
i guess i bought a bad batch because these sound awful
if someone knows how to use it they might like it .
the wingnuts are also very cheap and none of mine were drilled straight .
returning for a refund .
all scenarios produced the same result as mentioned above .
i tried these to restring a classroom set of guitars .
i 've had 6 b and e strings completely slip out .
i 'm a bit surprised with all the positive reviews here .
the inside is very nice , and the fit was perfect .
too bad the quality just is n't there .
how come a chauvet mount wo n't work with a chauvet light ?
the only cure is a reaming tool to relieve the holes provided .
it does n't work .
do n't buy them , go for the adj o-clamps instead .
those things are great !
this item was cheap and a complete waste of money .
it did not do the job and was cheaply made .
these clamps are what they are ... cheap .
fine for small venue installs and for extremely light duty work .
par 38 's or lighter only .
maybe willie nelson can use this case for his battered guitar ?
received the wrong strings .
the 1.0 mm dunlop ultex feel much thinner than 1.0. very flimsy and small .
stay with your old dunlops , these ultex dunlops are terrible .
fit great until using them to drum .
then the ripped across the palm the first night i used them .
the added wrist support does n't allow the wrist to move freely .
e string broke when i tried to tune .
they last individually about a week .
they also wear smooth quickly on the grip .
i would recommend stearing clear of these .
one of the poorer buys from amazon .
i do not like it ! ! !
would not recommend purchase of this case .
the case is very heavy and that is a drawback .
it has protected my hummingbird however .
musician 's friend is not my friend .
needed to call and call to have it removed from my bill .
i am one unhappy camper and they need to get their act together .
they lose tone rather quickly .
i really do n't like them much .
try ernie ball or d ' addario 's
the case is very nice .
the biggest problem for us was the weight of the case .
we tried it once and it was impossible to be considered practical .
looks cheap , but does the job .
it is just beyond the return date .
on my ibanez acoustic , it only properly frets 5 of the 6 strings .
i returned it for a dunlop , which works beautifully .
this thing was beat to h*** by the time i got it and non-functional .
i have been using martin marquis , which sound great on the d28 .
i bought 5 sets , tried 1 , threw the other four away .
i have a schubb now , which kicks the clamp-on capo 's behind .
i bought a new drumsticks and , the seller sent me a used pair
i have a tiny harmonica ! ''
and nothing more than that .
however , to be quite honest , this thing is utterly unplayable .
they are much easier to play and sound a whole lot better .
i got the capo in for my 12 string .
so right now i am completely unhappy with my purchase .
so i am going to leave this complaint here .
the capo itself is great - but not what i wanted .
it has now been a couple of months and the link is still incorrect .
strings arrived with rust on the plain strings .
bought this item through musician 's friend .
i took it out of the box and plugged it in .
evidently this unit had never been tested before it was shipped from the factory !
i did n't even bother to send it back .
it was n't worth the trouble .
maybe i can use the bulbs .
at least they worked .
i 'll probably never buy another chauvet product again .
this did the job , so i was satisfied .
but i would not recommend this for a jobbing dj/party organiser .
this is a joke barely playable
string busted when first installed
one star for the seller not the product .
plus the quantity says 4 .
beware of this seller , i do n't think they are on the level .
if your play style utilizes a heavy attack these are the way to go .
reed action is too stiff .
requires concerted effort to get reed to vibrate .
such is the case on all the notes .
you will not be able to play this at all .
what on earth do they mean by perfectly playable ?
i hope my one star review will help someone else avoid making this mistake .
and shame on them , for saying these are perfectly playable .
this one is nothing like mine .
this one requires a lot of breath .
i bought 4 as gifts .
so bad i tested all four .
into the garbage they went .
it 's what you want .
six full sized , rich sounding holes in a wonderfully machined pocket sized harp .
soooo much better than any other mini-harp out there .
would not buy again .
thought it would be okay , but it is not really playable .
extra star since it 's $ 2 .
i thought this thing would play , not well , but play .
it is so out of tune that it is painful to hear .
it is strictly a piece of jewelry or a fob for your keys .
maybe good for a laugh .
i wo n't try to buy a mini-harmonica cheaply again .
unfortunately , this box of reeds was not up to my liking .
three out of the five reeds were not usable .
they sound good ... however , these strings break almost immediately .
very limited set of patterns .
it would have been ok for the 90s but very limited for these days .
rip-off and waste of time .
do n't trust music buys .
i ca n't recall this item
i bought the wrong gauge .
i bought the .90 gauge at guitar center and love them .
these were made for that dave mustain muted crunch sound .
dunlop ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new .
buy em ! ! !
sent it back because no back light on screen ,
the g and d strings break almost daily as well .
if you are a serious guitar player , get something else
ca n't expect to much though , it was a cheap bow .
i am confused a bit by this product .
just did n't really like the sound they produced .
it was in the right tuning just had a funny sound
a bit too short , even for 6 string lap steel .
get the long dawg instead .
do not order these reeds .
they arrive in an open box and none of the reeds are sealed .
package showed owing postage , but was supposed to be included .
put strings on guitar and one broke immediately .
ordered a box , it came used .
making up a drum set .
of these , i can easily change the tempo for live performances .
but this is where easy ends .
this has been a frustrating experience , to say it respectfully .
ive been spoiled by fruity loops ... this thing is a dinasour .
that being said , it is fairly simple to create your own patterns .
oh , well , its all part of the journey ...
nothing at all like the original i owned in the mid 80s .
its more complicated and doesnt have as many options .
i found a older version on ebay .
but i chose to but new for the same price .
now the ebay unit has been sold .
these strings have a very metallic and unpleasant sound .
i do not recommend them to anyone with a cello
this drum machine does n't have any beats i could use .
it sits in a drawer collecting dust .
whoever said this is a good machine probably never had another to compare .
not putting it down , it 's just not for me .
one or two beats does not a drum machine make .
the sr 18 is fantastic .
this 0ne , not so much .
terrible synthetic sounding drums .
very weak on jazz and blues rhythms , not particularly intuitive either .
i never use it .
they broke as they were being installed
long winded but i needed to vent ! !
i got a box of tenor sax reeds .
extremely disappointed at the waste of money .
arrived defective ... had to send it back
my daughter has been using these reeds for several years .
does the inventory not turn over quickly ?
we will not order reeds again .
quite shrill initial sound and then completely dead within a couple of days .
i also found them very stiff given the gauge .
i went back to my john pearse 200l 80/20 's .
does not stick to the instrument at all .
not worth the money or for any amount if it does n't stick .
i checked the primary circuit and there seems to be a short circuit .
had to send back it was a defect .
i started reading the manual , then started falling asleep .
i just want to jam with a beat , not write beats .
and i personally thought it sounded very mechanical and fake .
that 's why they say 'drum machines have no soul ' .
what adapter do i need for my fender mini twin ?
i connected to fender mini tone master and strummed my guitar a few times .
then it was broken within 10 seconds .
i also heard there was some noise while no nose with 9v battery .
maybe the voltage in australia is 240v and it was not suitable .
i would not recommend to the users in the country with high voltage .
the price was reasonable and it may work for most of people .
but it was just a waste for me .
i got this because it was specifically recommended for the honeytone miniamp .
the buzz drowns out the guitar entirely at reasonable volumes .
there is no buzz at all with a 9 volt battery in the amp .
it only has a couple of beats i like .
's run down in less than an hours use .
if i had it to do over , i would not buy it .
no original package and no original label .
they were used strings , not new ones as it was published .
it looks nice but have n't used it
the sounds are so , so .
i sold it within a month with 50 % loss and got boss dr-880 .
that what i should do in first place..
can not get drum machine working .
out of 10 - 2 are broken and 6 are chipped .
ordered these in may and so far only one was used..
your advertisement for this product was a complete farce !
they did n't last near as long as others ones we have purchased elsewhere
seriously , save your money for the real deal .
the strings that did not break sound okay .
the dod chorus beautiful pans back and forth equally with a bright shimmery brilliance .
this one is not for me..
its impossible to blow through and the response is horrible !
i bought one of these several years ago .
however , upon connecting the cables to an amp , no sound was produced .
these things will stop working .
i took it to radio shack only to find out that it doesnt work .
i want my money back because my son worked hard for that money .
if you want a good pedal try mxr or electroharmonix .
for a good chorus pedal try the mxr analog chorus .
i would not buy it again .
this is at the bottom of the pile , let me tell you !
the joke is on whomever thinks this is a cool mic .
my 11 year old said do n't buy again .
i just got the sr-16 .
i unpacked it and turned it on .
it worked for a couple of hours and then it simply stopped working .
now , i have to box it up and send it back .
this is very uncool .
the qa on this product did not work !
crap ! ! ! ! ! ! !
i 've had an sr-16 for years .
loved it ; used it regularly .
i bought the sr-18 the day it came out .
now i 'm going to ebay it .
i need a drum machine for practice .
stop , start , decent fills that are completely logical and predictable .
but the sr-18 is just about worthless in that role .
here are some of the weird things : genres not grouped together .
different tempos for each pattern .
what 's with that ? ?
different track lengths for each pattern .
on the old sr-16 , all patterns were 2 bars ; eight beats .
boring , maybe , but useful and predictable .
it was easy to insert a fill because you knew what was coming .
.and it starts the fill 8 beats too late .
.at least , not without years of study .
stick with your old sr-16 .
that 's what i 'm doing .
alesis , you broke my heart !
these snapped when doing an initial tuning on our daughter 's guitar .
waste of money - should have bought a different brand of guitar strings .
ok to practice with but not for the studio .
so i 'm back to using the old model .
there was also no invoice included with the product when it arrived .
it is too rigid or something .
it is all down hill , disappointment and frustration from there .
this cable caused my amp to pickup am radio stations .
i swapped it out with my vox cable and the problem went away .
connected it back up and the am radio station came back .
back to the d'addario string .
many people might like it , but for me , absolutely noooooooo !
so when my strings wear out , i got this .
if you have guitars like seagulls or so , definitely avoid this string .
electric and acoustic and a bass .
i mean , what would an acoustic bass sound like ?
so , i tried this out .
i had to fish out chips of glue that came off .
they will look like beads at first .
do we wind the strap at the bottom of the neck ? ! ? !
the key was a mixture of convenience and feasible function .
i do n't feel that either were met .
well , what can i say ?
based on the customer reviews , this purchase seemed like a no-brainer .
and before you ask , `` is it perhaps your output jack ?
`` , all of my other cables work with my gee-tar .
i got one free with a hohner 64x harmonica ears ago as a promotion .
about all it is good for is live blues at a club .
bought rico and had no oroblem4
the first string buzzes on the first fret when played open .
it still plays ok though .
bass was damaged when it arrived .
that being said i still would have sent it back .
but this bass is awful worth maybe $ 50.00 top .
come on ... .70 dollars for some packing foam ?
most other acoustic foam i 've seen is much thicker and heavier .
this product was a total rip off .
especially since the description said 12-4'x2'x2 '' panels .
if i had received 12 pieces then maybe that would have been worth it .
this stuff literally costs like a dollar to make .
now i see the same product listed at over $ 400 ! ? ! ?
$ 400 dollars for a 2x4 piece of packing foam ?
who are you kidding ?
poor sounding quality from my guitar which was a gibson les paul .
i was so excited about this bass .
i was so disappointed by this bass .
it has good sound both unplugged and plugged in .
unfortunately , from the very beginning , there was fret buzz .
at first it was only if played loudly .
then it was all the time if played all but the most quietly .
then it was unplayable .
this all happened in a span of about 5-6 months .
i tried adjusting the truss rod ... it did not help .
it did reduce the sound of the buzz , but it was still there .
i hope this review is helpful .
i 'm pretty bummed out to say the least .
i have restrung my guitar many times .
never had this happen .
will not be buying them again .
i bought this after looking at the great reviews it received .
this was not worth the price .
bought this guitar for my teenage grandson .
the fretwork on the guitar was terrible .
the guitar seems good for the price .
nonetheless , the packaging was damaged ( torn box flap ) .
i may return the product back .
the action on this instrument is terrible .
the last several frets were actually touching the stings .
dean obviously has no quality control with this product .
buyer beware ! ! !
i am very disappointed with this guitar and i will be returning it immediately .
i have no plans to purchases a dean guitar again .
i was hoping to learn how to play so we could jam together .
well , its a rainy weekend .
figured we would get it out , and it doesnt work .
we plugged it into two different amps and nothing !
thanks a bunch : (
the first string i tuned snapped immediately .
it was also the wrong color .
i intend to return it immediately for full refund .
i returned mine for a refund rather than a replacement .
i could not use one .
a waste of money .
guitar looked great , sounded great , but was extremely awkward to play .
i played for my wife who said that they sounded really bad .
i just have learned to like better and little more expensive strings .
switched to red ... love the red !
very satisfied with this article everything was as stated thanks , leo
g string broke on first tune up did n't even get up to e .
d string broke when i was putting it on my violin .
it was still fairly loose when it broke .
strings do n't hold tuning and are easily prone to breaking .
a few weeks later i received a package from rapco .
i opened it up , it was a brand new cable .
that clearly should never have passed a quality control inspection .
they sent me a defective cable as a replacement .
they do n't even quality check their products .
when i called them again , the lady did n't believe me .
never , never , ever again will i ever buy a rapco product .
with or without a receipt .
spend the extra money and go with a better brand .
imagine supplying your studio with rapco cables .
they should pay for my shipping the second time .
i have been stringing instruments for 40 years .
incredibly bad strings ! ! !
two of the four broke before they were even to tune .
hate these strings broke off 1st day of use
strings were great , except something was wrong with the d string .
please contact me to get this resolved .
i had to put the rest of the strings on my students violin .
supposed to get 300 hours out of the batteries will have wait and see .
i purchased the 4/4 size strings ( or so i thought ) on 09/24/16 .
her `` a '' string needs to be replaced tonight .
i opened the package and guess what..they are 1/2 scale .
do n't use on mesh drum heads , unless you use them backwards .
i waited with baited breath for this to arrive based on fishmans description .
silly me ! ! !
got it today -- -- going back today .
bridge snapped after attempting to tune it properly .
got a new bridge .
attempted to tune it properly again .
this is a complete scam .
i ordered tenor saxophone reeds but received baritone saxophone reeds instead .
otherwise , great product .
not a good decision .
go with the v16 's .
i mean holy crap .
just tuning it up was a nightmare .
steel strings , man .
they do not belong on the violin .
it 's just awful .
night and day difference .
these strings fight me on every instrument i try them on .
good response and feel ; nice , quieter sound .
i recommend using vic firth 's bamboo tala wands instead .
bluf : not recommended .
i just do n't like these .
maybe ok for beginners .
unfortunately , the strings are very weak and broke with 3 weeks of use .
buy this if you want to develop scoliosis .
strings broke immediately , all but one .
stopped working after a month .
do n't buy this item .
not the best capo .
buy one that is slightly expensive or just a different one .
i constantly have to reposition it to make it work .
i 've had to go back to my cheapo lee oskar holder .
the other strings are also in poor shape .
strings broken after first time use .
she also showed me the uneven parts on the string .
the capo is to tight and causes strings to sound sharp .
the metal spring broke after three months .
it was ok needed something stronger
the violin is now an eye sore and needs some serious work .
when you attempt to play louder , the pitch bends .
i 'll keep looking and hope i find something better for my students .
these strings start to peel away after only a few weeks use .
sound quality typical of steel strings .
not for the budget-minded as the strings wear out too quickly .
not the right one .
it does hold any harmonica well but i would look at the other types
whether you like a pickup or not is extremely subjective .
in short , choosing a pickup is basically a crap shoot .
well , i purchased a 59 neck for my two humbucker strat .
it and i just never got along .
i found it muddy , unclear , and inarticulate .
this was a bit of surprise since my guitar leans toward bright and percussive .
the anderson h1 is fabulous and just what the doctor ordered .
again , when it comes to pickups , your mileage may vary .
pieces flying off from the first strike .
threw them away 1/4 into the song .
i thought i ordered a kyser brand 6 string capo .
i had two a-strings unravel under my fingertips with this set .
i have to go to a music store for a single string .
there are at least two ways you can remedy this .
but , you are right , we have been assembling them incorrectly for decades ''
it seems to be well built but the ergonomics are n't quite right .
it 's getting a lot less use than i expected .
i would recommend looking for alternatives .
do n't waste your money .
the spring breaks in a short time .
i 've gone through two of this capos !
same thing every time .
product is cheaply made .
i will never buy another kyser product .
not allowed ups to ship because of its size
did not come close to surviving baggage claim .
ruined from one journey .
the lid does n't quite close precisely .
the strings were bent when i received them .
i am highly disappointed .
i could barely get any phrase out and i normally have no trouble .
alternated between new strings i just got and the old ones .
all except the e string were normal .
so replaced them and started tuning again .
i 'm a private violin teacher .
my students got these strings recently to replace some dead strings .
i recommended dominants to them , but they purchased these strings instead .
even then , the tension was not equal across all strings .
these amazon prices are less than what real dealers pay !
now you know why .
not sure what is wrong in the box i got .
my question is why so many reeds in this box is bad ?
should i just buy reeds from local store instead of amazon ?
the inside straps are nice .
sandwiched between foam , and tightly strapped inside .
too much tension , really hard to put on and take off .
any reed that sounds like an airplane should be approached with caution .
they were not what i was looking for .
i need a stick that the band will move on .
so guess i ordered the wrong one .
i did not see that you have any that the band moves on .
thank you for understanding and letting me return them .
these reeds seem dead .
i ca n't play them .
i 've had much better luck with the java red .
i play sax and these reeds i do n't like it .
very dark and without good sound .
not recommendable reeds to buy .
have bought this several times , but this time the quality is really bad .
g string broke on the 1st day when tuning .
all strings have visible defects .
we tried 5 reeds from this box and none of them worked well .
it 's extreme and can mar the back of the neck or even fingerboard .
finctionally it can also throw off the tuning because of the tightness .
it 's also huge .
for a child or beginner , maybe ok , otherwise not .
sound terrible and the rods get bent and frayed super easily .
strings came kinked , but straightened out when i strung them up .
: ( however , they shipped quickly and i appreciated that .
when i attempted it for the seccond try the string snapped .
now i have to wait to get a new d string .
this does work , but its not a real keyser capo .
when it arrived i compared it to my other keyser of the same shape .
1. this label is rights reserved , like on the real one .
2. there are no grooves or textured handle like on the real keyser .
i dislike when being charged for something of a brand u rely on .
only to discover its a fake .
it dishonest and uses the reputation that took the keyser co. time to build .
i 'll buy mine at the guitar store now .
ive added a photo , the top is legit .
the sound is ok , but one of the strings broke just tunning .
broke the e string without much force .
decent strings but the g string has a nick/defect about 2/3 down the string .
metal came bent just like negative reviews said !
what a huge let down !
it came damaged , like out of the box broken .
the case did n't even shut .
the metal seal does n't line up .
what an incredible disappointment skb turned out to be , they ship broken products .
do yourself a favor and purchase at the store after inspecting it .
i have returned mine and am moving on .
weak , skb , weak .
i returned it and had it replaced .
poorly built , and even worse quality control .
i would not recommend and will never purchase another skb case .
will try a gator case instead .
disappointed by this capo .
the bar that runs across the strings has become bent for no apparent reason .
poorly constructed product , waste of money .
-some velvet from inside staying outside .
is that appropriate quality of $ 160 case for $ 500 guitar ?
guys , where is your quality control department ?
i thought when you ordered these you get all four strings bot just one ?
a great idea but these sticks are very delicate and break very easily .
the bamboo styles are much more durable .
i read online that some not so good quality strings do this .
in my case , it was torn in several places .
instead of amazon sending it back to skb , they sent it to me .
it is very cheap !
i have a carvin case and it is far superior to this skb .
if you buy it , you 'll be sorry .
i purchased one of these cases a few years back and it was/is great .
this one i purchased expecting to recieve the same durable and well made case .
it arrived in damaged packaging and in damaged condition .
back to amazon it went .
it might be the same bad unit they keep trying to sell to others .
the plywood cases are heavy , no doubt , but safety first !
the plywood cases will actually protect your beloved guitar .
sure enough , i received my case with the gap on the bottom .
this case got a 4-star rating so they could n't all be bad .
i 'm exchanging this one for a replacement .
if the next one is bad , i 'll exchange it again .
if that one is bad , i 'll try one more time .
if the third one is bad , i 'll try something else .
fortunately , i do n't need to use it for traveling until mid march .
just in case , any suggestions in the same price range ?
shoddy quality control on these cases .
now searching for a higher-quality replacement .
the packaging is not adequate to protect the high performance travel case ! ? !
returned the case and ordered a second time .
the case once again came ups and it was damaged again .
the case wass bent and did not properly seal when in the closed position .
the packaging material is not adequate to protect this heavy duty travel case .
how could it survive being checked on a plane , as advertised ?
i will look elsewhere for a top quality case to protect my expensive guitars .
the bottom on the case does not meet when the case is closed .
there was about a half an inch gap .
it is some type of molded plastic .
i do not know if it was damaged in transit .
its as if the plastic or cheap aluminum metal at the edges got warped .
the opening it left was about 4mm apart at the widest place .
it feels like its definitely going to break off .
ignore this warning at your own risk : )
there is no such thing as good cheap violin strings .
gave it a shot .
the handle to this case broke off in a very minor situation .
there is no replacement available for this case either .
so , you might thinks about buying something else .
maybe its an updated version or something but i definitely did n't like it .
it was way to big for me and it was bulky .
my case did not close properly .
this defect is unfortunate , as i really wanted to like this case .
because of this issue , i am returning it .
it 's been less than 4 months and the case is useless now .
problems : 1. the case never closed perfectly .
the bottom of the case always had some gap .
2. after few airplane trips , the handle broke off .
the case itself seems durable enough .
wayyyy thicker than the standard hot rods .
as loud as 5b sticks .
i would prefer the lighter version
totally different items ! ! !
the lightning rod drumsticks are useless for my purposes .
on the positive side , the delivery was amazing ! ! ! ! ..
5 days from date of order to delivery in australia .
broke after one use , 2 draws of the bow .
for the price we were shocked .
will not buy from again .
this case is not a good value for the money .
this kyser does n't open as wide as the earlier models .
would not fit my yamaha fs830 .
the capo i received has a shallow and short gripping ability .
additionally , i found it to be difficult to grasp and open .
i threw it in the trash .
whether this was oversight or purposeful is beyond me .
they sounded okay at first .
not my favorite , but not as squeaky as i thought they would be .
one of the strings though was very messed up on the ball end .
it was frayed and kind of bent .
i hated the tone .
i ended up purchasing the pirastro tonica 's .
i just brought these and my g string broke .
i do n't know what to do .
i 'm so mad at myself for buying these strings .
there is no way we can comfortably use this .
these are glorified egg crate foam pieces cut .
i imagine production cost for these is around $ 10 .
and they charge $ 100 .
you do the math .
no color coordination at all .
i have five outbox 6 functional strings .
no i have to purchase another set .
these kysers are ok but not really for acoustic so much .
it 's not the best science .
i am a professional entertainer of stage so this a needed .
for basic capo needs ... ... .. it 's great .
it says either through-out and does not make it very clear .
i just received half what i thought i was going to .
auralex just wants to overcharge people for the same equipment .
not working at all !
i still can hear the noise from next door
not buying those again .
because of the other ratings about these d'addarios , i purchased them .
we were very disappointed .
i will pay the price and stick with dominants .
i did n't notice any change in my sound quality from using this product .
i highly would n't recommend this product .
did not meet the expectation of usage .
if you have a skinny neck guitar it probably works better .
see my other capo reviews .
does not absorb sound good ...
product is not as pictured .
product still works fine .
need to update your photos with the correct colors !
purchased it for reducing the noise of my office .
attached the foams on a wall where the sound came in .
it simply did n't work .
not working as expected .
i 've been playing blues harp for over 30 years .
hohner 's customer service is despicable .
only an idiot would not realize this in designing this highly touted ms system .
forget about special 20 's too , they go bad after just weeks .
i 'm switching to lee oscars .
do n't even try to contact hohner it is impossible .
they continue on their steady decline in quality and service .
but their marketing is clever .
take my advice , stay away from this company 's third rate products .
took forever to arrive .
then too difficult for my 13 year old son to use .
i am a semi-pro musician .
i play a hybrid finger-style using a flat-pick and steel finger picks .
dull sounding with a very stiff and unresponsive feel .
so much so that it raised the action noticeably .
strings were `` dead '' the second i put them on .
maybe old ... who knows .
went to guitar center , bought the exact same strings and they were fine .
i have a gibson b-25-12 .
did not have this problem with the previous set of dean markley strings .
i assumed there is some sort of standard length for these types of strings .
what gives ? ? ?
emailed martin -- no response .
so yeah i 'm pretty upset about that .
do not buy this brand of reed .
too much money for them to be wasted so soon !
this is not a very good harmonica .
these are really thin .
we are new to guitar , so maybe that 's obvious to others .
too easily bendable , but its works okay
i really did n't enjoy them they are to flimsy .
i 've actually owed 2 blues harps .
i was n't happy with either one .
of the available options , this is one of the poorest quality .
bottom line : it has a wooden comb and it will warp with use .
it has no effect on the sound leaving the instrument into the room .
your audience will never hear a wooden comb vs. a plastic comb .
the idea that they can is pure mythology -- period .
so save your mouth some pain and fatigue and get a special 20 .
these are so thin that the pics click a lot .
the price you pay for ordering on line .
super thin and flimsy .
cheapest pieces of crap i ever held .
not sure what they made them from but do not buy these .
many time with reeds , only about half the box is usable .
they worked for what was needed .
probably will only by from music stores in future .
these are so flimsy and cheap .
i guess sometimes you really do get what you pay for .
picks were too large .
bigger than they appear in photo ... .
poor shipping speed , picks are fine
consequently i can not recommend this harp .
not to crazy i tried them out the guitar sounded twangy
starting falling apart the day i got it .
not even close to big enough for a 76-note keyboard in width or length .
zipper pulls are also very cheaply fastened and come off way too easily .
my $ 3000 keyboard would 've been severely damaged if i had dropped it .
i am very disappointed .
not durable at all .
there must be something going on .
the boxes were clearly resealed with the same factory sticker as the first one .
maybe there 's a conspiracy to keep musicians away from minor key instruments .
i 've no idea .
the blues harp ms is a solid performer from the middle set .
there are just too many better alternatives .
- ( ****_ ) sound : excellent .
this is the strength of the blues harp .
sounds as good as any great harmonica in this price range .
- ( ***__ aesthetics ) : perfectly average .
looks similar to a marine band .
does not have the appeal of a suzuki .
the plastic comb protrudes , making it extremely comfortable and smooth to use .
the sound is great .
the case is more durable than the lee oskar one .
all of these are better than the mid-priced harmonicas reviewed above .
off the shelf ca n't compare .
d is also common .
g is often used when playing along with guitar .
- ( ****_ ) sound : excellent .
this is the strength of the blues harp .
sounds as good as any great harmonica in this price range .
- ( ***__ aesthetics ) : perfectly average .
looks similar to a marine band .
does not have the appeal of a suzuki .
the plastic comb protrudes , making it extremely comfortable and smooth to use .
the sound is great .
the case is more durable than the lee oskar one .
all of these are better than the mid-priced harmonicas reviewed above .
off the shelf ca n't compare .
d is also common .
g is often used when playing along with guitar .
i bought a 3 pack of hohner blues harps .
the unit is not dirty , nor was it abused .
i disassembled it and checked the reeds and they were clean .
it simply does not clamp the strings .
their `` adjustable '' setting only makes it looser .
i would not buy another kyser capo .
nice full mellow sound but break easily .
the padding is nice , but that 's about .
beyond ridiculous , do not buy this strap or this brand .
material very scrarchy and irritating .
you need to wear a thick shirt or sweater when wearing this .
i did not like the quality of this item .
the edging is rough to the touch .
anyway i decided to restring my guitar with these strings and what a disappointment .
i hope they will mellow into the tone i love .
color is not as bright as it appears .
seems to be a manufacturing defect so i returned the unit .
i do n't have comments on play ability .
i was really excited to get such a nice looking guitar strap .
it was a russet/orange color .
i was very disappointed .
very very disappointed and unhappy with this .
edges are rough/jagged an uneven .
have bought dunlop for years and was sorely disappointed with this product .
these picks were too soft , and sometimes made more noise than the strings .
not sure what happened .
i 'm also concerned about what it would do to frets after prolonged use .
i recommend stearing clear from these entirely .
thinner than i realized .
not great for ukulele ...
orange , not red as depicted .
these were recommended by an online video instructor by they 're too thin .
makes strumming the cords a task .
get the orange ones instead .
they do n't wear out .
i received this hoping it would in fact look tie-died .
i was wanting a fun , bright capo , but this let me down .
they were too small .
makes a clicking sound on strings .
might be good for bass.. horrible for guitar .
would not buy again .
delivery was fast and got product right away .
sorry i bought it tho .
worst capo i 've ever used
had the first one replaced because of broken key holder !
other than that its ok not real happy
do n't plan on adjusting the tightness of the springs .
after replacing them with real nuts ( mine xd ) they work fine .
do n't buy this one .
when i use it , it always slide and shake .
you need to add more pressure to make it hit the bass drum .
do n't waste your time or your money .
you ca n't adjust them and the heads will hit your shins ... .
pedal board broke at the drive hinge after 4 months .
true story : you get what you pay for .
too thin for any guitar .
not the pick for me , too small for me .
i bought these after a friend told me about them .
he told me they help your speed picking but they are not for me .
the shape is odd .
completely unusable if you are serious about playing double bass .
trust me when i say , it 's not a good pedal at all .
do n't let the five star rating say otherwise because they are plain wrong .
the pedals are to far back and are non-adjustable .
do n't get it , save up and get a mapex .
you can not adjust the beaters ' angles ! ! !
do not buy this unless you are not a drummer and will never notice .
i bought mine at sam ash but it 's the same model .
save up a little more , especially if you are new to bass pedals .
two strings broke from the same package .
sorry , but i ca n't endorse this product .
the tension on this capo is way too strong .
picks do n't come in multiple gray shades , only one color gray .
i was disappointed especially because there are even separate pictures of the different shades .
i will not be using them ... waste of money .
too small for guitar players .
nowhere was i told that they are miniature picks .
they looked ok , i just did n't like them being that flexible .
unfortunately the last two orders of .38mm pics were all trash .
the pics just dissolve away while being used .
the black ink on the picks rubs off on your fingers .
different in feel , how did that happen !
how can you call it a dunlop ?
i guess since they both start with d 's ..lol
bend to easily make an odd sound
i bought these for $ 110 , and i hate them !
i am a beginner to double bass playing , and these were cheap .
you get what you pay for !
no adjustment options other than the springs , which they do a poor job .
a little heavier than i wanted but hey there are ok
played one of these pedals last night .
just too stiff no matter how i adjust it .
i have a standard yamaha single which is much smoother than this .
you can imagine i was n't overly excited for this
did not last one song !
this is either fake or they are selling the wrong item ! !
our youth pastor/drummer was extremely disappointed as was i !
tried them but too flexible for my tastes .
if you like a soft pick then you 'll probably like them .
i 've used a lot of capos over the years , including kyser capos .
generally , i consider kyser an industry standard .
there will be no quick capo changes with this bad lad !
i 'd recommend an adjustable g7 capo over this one any day .
the base strings do n't have enough of base when played .
( 80/20 brass ) .
this double pedal for bass drum is good as far as feel and quality .
these picks are very light .
easy to slip and bend very easy .
would not recommend for beginners .
way to thin to be useful .
all i can hear is the clacking of the picks against the strings .
not what i expected , ca n't use them
i currently use an iron cobra power glide and i love it .
very smooth , adjustable , fast , and has a great feel .
get the cobra if you have the money .
i 'm astounded that this pedal is n't getting horrible reviews .
the pedal is barely adjustable .
this is extremely obnoxious and it gets painful .
this fact alone makes this pedal something that i would never recommend to anyone .
not my style for what i play ( rock ) .
very frustrating and unprofessional .
i always shop around , and read reviews .
better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast
these .46 mm picks are just way too thin , like paper thin .
i do n't know how anybody can play with these .
i orders 2 packs and only got one of them .
i had to send this back .
its a great concept but not well thought out .
when you put your mic system in it fits snug with the foam pads .
unfortunately it did n't work for me .
i 'm a huge fan of gator products too .
really do n't like the sound of these strings .
how many come in a pack ?
very rigid and hard to break in .
i like thin picks .
it is too stiff and hard .
it needs to be a bit softer .
broke at the metal pin after 5 months of use .
very unhappy with this product and will be sending it back for a refund .
happy with the experience of the purchase , just not the product itself .
unless your microphones are incredibly short , this will not work .
but it was not tall enough for me to use with my band .
these cases are the most annoying things ever .
i am considering returning them .
this is a very good cleaner for 'satin finish ' acoustic guitars .
this is not a microphone stand .
its not even 7 feet or 7 inches it is more like 3-4 inches
as a beginning guitarist , i love these picks .
when i lost the pick i looked to amazon to buy the same ones .
warning : packaging is terrible .
the cardboard box that it arrived in was way too big .
padding was not needed for something that is barely 2 inches by 4 inches .
the plastic bag supposedly containing the picks was cut open on the side .
i paid for 12 picks and got 2 .
the strings are great when they actually make it to your mailbox .
i wrote that they did n't arrive to both amazon and usps .
uninsured means out of luck .
i should have just thrown it away .
i received a broken string in my package .
it was so strange .
poor to pick or strum with .
at a music store they range from 25 to 40 cents each .
the description for this item does not show a quantity .
not happy at all ...
( i do n't know if that 's the best way to describe them .
but these strings went dead and muddy sounding really fast .
more than i can handle .
they 're gross right now .
going back to d'addario .
both are fantastic , but the difference goes well beyond the color .
this is not the first time this has happened .
the whole package of picks was bent .
all picks curve the same way .
i never paid attention to it until now .
fender thin picks in red are completely flat .
as a result , if you flip these picks , the feel changes completely .
i take care of my set
`` textured '' would have been much better .
if it was n't so difficult to return it , we would have .
we ordered a different 6 string capo which fit my son 's guitar fine .
we were extremely disappointed .
i still ca n't play my guitar and will look for another brand .
it was too small for my shure microphones !
but c'mon gator - do something with the front and rear covers .
the hard plastic cases where almost have the price of the eva case .
was not what was advertised did not hold a receiver .
after waiting two months for delivery i received wooden checkers
the issue i have been having is with the g-string .
be cautious of these strings !
picks are a personal thing , and no one pick suits every situation .
( i 'm talking about acoustic picking .
maybe it 's fine for electric . )
good for a pretty look and thats about it .
then repeatedly say how beautiful they look .
i 'm very thankful for amazon 's return policy and process .
returned as soon as i discovered that they do n't fit wireless microphones .
too good to be true .
my review does not speak to the stubby picks themselves but to the vendor .
i had hoped the stubbier width would make it easier to hold .
however , they are made of a more rigid plastic .
i was unable to produce the rich tones my thirty-five-year-old acoustic guitar can give .
alternating up and down strokes was uncomfortable for me too .
oh well , my mistake .
i am back to using my tama drum key .
this is obviously made in china as the quality reflects it .
not deep enough for wireless mikes
i do n't know why everyone thinks thinks that these are so good .
thicker pick = worser playing do not buy
does n't open as wide as earlier models .
design has changed ... not a fan .
this will only fit a standard wired microphone ( sm-58 or others ) .
and i 'm not talking cheap lugs .
evans , please redesign this to precision .
i will buy one if you do ...
not much better than cutting up a credit card to make a pick .
stick with fender or planet waves .
to small to accommodate the cords tot he mics .
you will have to carry another bag just for that .
i found another case that carry 's everything in one bag .
still do n't have one to fit my mikes !
they 're not bad picks , just not for me .
too soft and `` round '' sounding and feeling .
i play mostly hard rock and metal , your mileage may vary .
i bought 2 packs of these guitar strings .
i have never had such fragile flimsy strings .
going to send gibson a message aobut this .
high e string broke while replacing and tuning
i fell for the same thing .
i thought that it was a multi colored pack .
way too expensive for what it is .
i can get them much cheaper at our local upscale music shop .
and it is just one colour not several as shown .
they need to change the picture .
the case is too small and i will be returning it .
the mics can not fit in the bag .
we have wireless mics , maybe that 's the problem .
wireless mics are much longer .
it was an off brand , not the actual kyser capo .
it is a chinese knockoff .
again , do not buy .
i usually get ernie ball and i 'm sticking with ernie ball .
got these once , they broke the second time i played .
( during a gig )
that particular string is constantly out of tune once the capo goes on .
have n't had that issue with other capo 's .
the picture tricked me !
not a fan of this size , quality is good tho
had one of them crack in half , but stay intact .
it was old and my backup one that i keep in my wallet .
are they supposed to be able to break like this ?
are n't they nylon ?
what should i do now ?
thanks dunlop 44p.60 nylon standard , light gray , .60mm , 12/player 's pack
and the special had rusty strings .
i 've been using these picks in this weight picks for years .
wore out entirely my felt beater that i had just bought .
buy the clear one from evans .
the worst quality ive ever seen .
ive bought other ones before for the same price and they lasted me years .
these are so flimsy its upsetting
just does n't work for me .
i 'll need to buy something else .
i threw them in the trash .
i do not think that this is a `` new '' guitar .
but i got it at a good price .
so it makes everything kinda okay .
wore out after 20 gigs .
replaced with remo falam .
the capo is a really nice piece and does its job well .
this had never happened before or again with any other kind of picks .
kept unsticking from my drum kick it did n't have much adhesive
what did show up was a 6 pack of small stiff jazz picks .
i ordered this as advertised 8.8 x 4 x 0.6 '' .
i am now using the hard side of the beater until i replace them .
these strings were of horrible quality flat out !
! i would not reccomend these strings for sure !
i expect some thing bigger .
very flimsy but if thats what you 're looking for this is great .
i prefer a stiff guitar pic
hands down the worst bass drum patch i 've ever owned .
now i 'm out 30 bucks for new beaters .
get aquarian or remo instead .
i actually really dislike these picks .
the tone is light night and day compared to these tortex picks .
this feels like a dead stick straight out of the box .
it 's not like i 'm playing speed metal 7 days a week .
not much of a guitar pic .
went will cool cat tongue pics and they are much better .
the quality of this batch of picks is terrible .
it 's like the plastic is thinner and of a different sort .
the picks look like they were n't trimmed and finished with care .
the sound is compromised .
i hope this is a fluke .
these are ok , but i prefer snarling dog
the capo i ordered does not match the picture , which is pretty frustrating .
decent , basic strap .
broke in two months .
i 'm giving this two stars for good reasons .
jim dunlop makes ultex picks which are immensely better than these .
i go through one of these per sitting , at times two .
not liking these picks .
basically my all time favorite picks are the black dunlop nylon 1mm picks .
i can use them for playing any style of picking , including bass .
i ca n't pick notes worth a s*** on a guitar w/ these .
i do n't like them , and i wouldnt recommend these .
even my brother who prefers ultra thin picks did n't like them .
wish there was a negative 4. this is a beginning kids guitar .
if not a beginner spend more get something else
that has been frustrating .
just wishing i could get the quality of that first one i owned .
they still say `` dunlop .60mm '' , but they feel thicker .
the ends are vinyl ( pleather ) and will easily tear .
not at all what was described .
other than that - this pick does sound great .
i bought this as my first guitar because of the affordable price .
not a good guitar at all .
hard to hold , hard to play , lost tone in no time .
it 's only saving grace is that it looks nice .
i gave it away after very little use .
i went and bought an ovation acoustic-electric guitar which is much , much better .
these are a good size but do n't have that same flex and feel .
ca n't get used to them , just me , maybe others .
better than picking with folded paper .
this looks nothing like the photograph .
this strap broke in less than a month with regular use .
ripped with regular use in under 1 month
had it for less than a week .
unless you hold your guitar up high like the beatles .
otherwise it 's an ok strap .
i think these are fakes .
they do not feel or sound the same as 'same brand ' from store .
all i wanted was ... some strings .
i would like some new strings .
the high e began buzzing a week after i bought it .
slowly all the high strings began buzzing .
i guess the neck warped .
i got pissed off one day and smashed it over my computer desk .
it splinter wonderfully and made a heck of a sound .
highly recommended if you plan on smashing something .
not so much for making music .
they are very cheap ang flimzy .
they wear down very easy .
i know they are not exspencive .
do n't buy this guitar , it sucks so badly , trust me
no ernie ball logo and likely a chinese counterfeit .
this guitar is perfect for starters or someone on a budget .
i tried to stick it back down , but it would n't stay put .
i will update my review when they contact me .
i hope this helps you out in choosing a guitar .
does n't last at all .
dead spots develop from warping .
do not buy unless you want a junker for a camping trip .
otherwise it sounds and plays fine for a short while .
it does n't have value , just money burned .
guitar looks great ! !
but it sounds awful .
it 's great except the 13th fret on the first string does n't work .
so i guess i 'll have to send it back .
the leather ends peeled apart the first time i put it on my guitar .
i will be returning .
the leather is so light i 'm worried it might tear .
these do not work with strap locks .
holes are too small .
this is not the same ernie ball strap i purchased from guitar center .
there is no ernie ball logo , as pictured .
this is a cheap , made in china , thin , crappy quality strap .
the ad also claims the ends are real leather .
lastly , the strap itself is prone to twisting .
short length , not ernie ball brand , knock off product
i used to swear by these guitar straps .
the new ones are about a foot shorter at 60 '' max .
it even came in an `` cose '' package
i will update the review when i receive new strings .
this is not an ernie ball polypro guitar strap .
it 's a chincy unbranded knock off .
very thin material and very short length compared to the genuine ernie ball straps .
then you move the pad up against , or away from the drum head .
at least it was only twenty bucks .
absolutely the first time i 've been dissapointed in anything shipped by amazon .
the look of the guitar is good .
the arm was bowed and the string were laying on the arm .
i had no problems returning this item - in fact , very easy .
i did not re-order .
i tried to change it but the peg is too tight .
i got the tools to remove but its very tight .
its been 6 months now and many people tried to help me out .
now i do n't know what to do .
guitar arrived in perfect condition .
however , within a week , the guitar sounded awful .
i have ordered several of these in the past .
the newest one is junk .
thanks amazon for the cheap substitute .
i think that the one i receive was not good .
it seems to have fully dry by the time i received it .
did n't do anything .
i 'm going back to finger ease .
the leather is cheap , thin , and weak .
the webbing on the strap is nice - its comfortable to use .
can came open in the box .
no cap for the applicator stick and no cloth .
super cheap feeling material .
very , very light weight .
this thing is useless for me because it does not dampen nearly enough .
more like extremely little to no dampening .
this product is worth about $ 0.20 ( 20 cents ) .
evans marketing will backfire with me because i will not buy anything evans again .
they really should be embarrassed to sell this eq-pad .
the lubricant on the pad was dry on arrival and not usable .
had this in a stage custom bass drum .
when i pulled it out it took part of the bass drum with it .
the pad works but i would n't recommend the adhesive .
the piece pulled out was one layer about as long as a pencil .
amazon sent me a fake knock off ernie ball strap .
not good enough , do n't trust it .
do n't buy this .
the strap part is ok , but the ends stink .
did not work well for us !
i got the strap and it looks very nice .
but the strap does not fit on my guitar .
buying a leather one now and getting some strap locks too .
cant be too careful with your investment .
hope this helps someone else from having the same experience .
will never buy a guitar from this dealer again .
the people were not reasonable at all .
i like the product but this time it showed up just an empty can .
not sure how someone missed that .
i received an open , empty can , rather disappointing
dried out after a week .
kept inside of tin with lid on .
maybe i got a dud .
likely will not buy again .
the applicator was completely dry when it arrived .
i returned and ordered a second time .
this time it shipped in a bubble-wrap lined yellow mailer .
the metal canister 's cap was entirely missing ( ? ! )
and the applicator 's tip was broken off of the handle .
at least the applicator tip still felt a little wet .
i uploaded a photo of what came out of the mailer the second time .
i must have the worst luck because there are so many great reviews here .
i ordered this item directly from my daughter 's amazon wish list .
unfortunately my brother did the same thing and my daughter got 2 of these .
she only needs one .
i spend aa lot of money on amazon and am very upset about this .
a pillow does a better job than this junk ! !
does very little.and i could have bought two pillows for the same price .
very unsatisfed ! ! ! !
evens should have made a better product ! !
not a good value .
buy a small pillow and some velcro instead .
musicians friend will not let me return it .
so just remember that .
did n't really do much to dampen my sound .
i just stuck a pillow over it .
i just do n't get why so many people use this capo .
in my experience , it is useless .
if you enjoy re-tuning continually , then you will probably like this capo .
it will save you time and grief .
and yes , you can park it on the head when not in use .
forget this capo , and invest in the planet waves tri-action cap .
did n't fit the guitar .
did n't want to risk ripping it
this one was a bit short in length .
be sure to look up its fit dimension before ordering .
not much of a dampening device .
it barely fits my 16 '' bass drum .
i wanted it to lightly touch both heads , but it does n't reach .
pad should be a a little denser/ heavier and 2 '' longer .
it 's worth $ 4 in my opinion .
evans needs to step it up on this product !
it you 're looking for an empty metal canister , this is for you .
to replace the fender you have to buy the set worth $ 78 .
better not to try it..
dry as a bone and not usable .
i 'm sticking to dunlop .
this is my first bad amazon experience and first bad review .
however when i purchased this on amazon the item arrived without a factory seal .
fast fret simply does not impress .
it actually has a kind of `` sticky '' feel .
not like tape , but like a dryness .
sounds weird but the product does the opposite of it 's namesake for me .
very thin not at all what i expected
the nylon feels very uncomfortable .
it 's scratchy and unpleasant .
do n't use it topless .
it 's cheap and easy to use .
it 'll do the job , but i do n't like it .
uncomfortable and slips from the strap nut .
junk fits poorly , feels hard .
i practically threw it out after a fee uncomfortable uses
put it on once , felt like it was digging into my shoulder .
i recently bought a few packs of jazz iiis and i was shocked .
they do n't play at all like what i was expecting .
what 's up with that ?
let 's hope this is just a short-term fluke .
you will be better off using a regular pillow to dampen your base drum .
picture was very misleading .
this thing came in a box full of air wrap .
it could have been sent in an envelope .
ordered another type of inexpensive strap and was satisfied .
i do n't know why i ordered this twice !
the 2nd one was dried out when i opened it .
i have several kyser capos .
different color for each guitar .
no one seems to care except me .
i hope you have better luck than i did .
they are so noisy that they overpower the guitar strings with their clackity-clack noise .
dunlop ultex picks sound much better .
product was fine , but it took a whole month to have it delivered .
the problem with this strap is the holes -- they 're too small .
this was a standard size fastener -- nothing gigantic .
a complete waste of money .
cheap price not very comfortable , was pretty secure thought
drops volume too much for passive use .
only useful on amplified sources .
without ac or dc power , ir is pretty much useless .
it is partly my fault in not realizing it did not require any power .
even with high gain mics connected to it , the volume/sound is pathetic .
i ca n't believe rolls even puts their name on it .
i will definitely read the specs much more carefully next time .
this is a real piece of crap .
do not buy this .
so i 've now trashed this .
what a waste of 50+ $ ! ! !
note its passive not any amplification but the passive actually takes away signal .
this product showed up completely dry with no lubricant .
the replacement was exactly the same - completely dry .
i had to buy a different manufacturers similar product .
sounded awful on my guitar .
cheep starp end pleather poor craftsmanship
there 's barely any juice in these things .
buy rock slide for the best or imperial valley ... . i 'm disgusted
as others have mentioned , the db loss on this is insane .
unfortunately , this was not sufficient enough to accomplish that task .
i originally thought the product was broken .
check all input/output scenarios and all ended out with power output volume .
the build quality is nice but at this point its just a paper weight .
do n't bother with it .
way too expensive and has many disadvantages over a powered mixer .
i was hoping i could get away with one less power cord .
however , the signal loss is very significant .
it was practically impossible to find a good setting on it .
it is a heavy tube .
does n't feel comfortable .
the spring is too strong for a six string capo .
but it is a very useful device .
my biggest complaint is that it failed after only 4 months of use .
they all plugged in fine and mix well .
the individual volume controls are nice too .
this made the mixer almost useless for most types of every day use .
this mixer just does not handle audio well .
this capo is really small .
it bareley fit my guitar and it said six string for acoustic basicly .
but it did n't have the straight top .
but it was wavy not like the picture .
wrong product not ordering it again ...
this is just another overpriced product meant to rip off the unknowing .
this product is simply mineral oil , plain and simple .
save your money ! !
worst set of strings i can remember .
bought these precisely to prevent this .
my wooden sticks are still immaculate .
from my point of view , this is unacceptable .
please advise ! ! !
these tor up my hands badly , and are heavy .
they also do n't have the feel and response of wood sticks .
i would not recommend these to anybody !
slipped off the stud at the base of the neck during a performance !
i had these about 6 months .
granted they did last longer than wood , i had one snap this morning .
these will kill your cymbals if you are an intense drummer .
so great product but be aware who you purchase from .
the product gets 5 stars but brook mays gets 0 out of 5 stars .
produced constant feedback with mics .
played with these for about 6-9 months , and one broke in half .
no offer to replace , nor admitted that there could be a manufacturer defect .
btw , still playing with my wood sticks and still playing well !
do n't waste your money here ; cheap feel
i should 've known better than to purchase something endorsed by lars ulrich .
what was i thinking ?
these sticks are terribly balanced .
not so with these .
save your money , buy regular ones .
to be clear the threaded portion of the stick broke leaving the stick useless .
i was expecting these to last much longer .
disappointing to say the least .
this stick broke in two pieces with normal usage even with a kid !
and they also advice that this stick can not stand rubber pad .
its a stick for infant with drum toys !
strap was too short my acoustic guitar !
this stuff will kill your strings very quickly .
i personally do n't prefer dead strings but i know some people do .
just not my thing .
the leather tore before i even had it on the guitar .
i got an ernie ball strap in red for my epiphone sg .
seems like a great deal for the price .
the ends are real leather , which is the reason i bought it .
the slits in the leather fit tautly over the guitar 's strap buttons .
remember , if you get a strap , get strap locks !
i like the guitar savers rubber locks .
-- -- -- - update about a year later .
downgraded my rating to 2 stars .
for a few more dollars you can get full leather straps .
not major , but good suede or leather would n't have done that .
strings broke easily after first tune .
i ca n't fathom how this is supposed to clean anything .
i only got 5 strings ? ? ?
i did n't have a problem work the strings .
but they showed up a day late .
horrible- fell out of strap on floor first day
i got the burgundy red .
the color is not as pictured , but sort of a dull brown-purple .
when i received it , it was almost dried out .
the slide ease effect is minimal with d'addario pro-arte ej46 strings .
it does n't improve or keep the bright sound of new strings .
ca n't recommend these strings at all .
okay , this is a wrench for me .
i 've been playing and retuning less often than normal , too .
great-sounding product , but the least durable violin strings i have ever used .
the search for great strings continues .
sorry martin , but i cant recommend these to anyone
first of all , these picks are way too noisy for a thin pick .
these picks are very noisy and slippery for strumming .
additionally the tortex logo is a cheap ink print that smear off .
the logo can actually be rubbed off completely w/ the thumbs .
at least that pick has an embossed logo and knurled texture for added grip .
the edges also get sharpened the more they wear out .
if you play bass and guitar , i recommend these .
i did buy the blue 1mm tortex but they were only aight .
the glossy finish glides smother and quieter w/ a nice tone .
its a stupid floppy pick w/ a loud flipping sound .
i received the bag wrapped w/ a rubber band .
some one actually tampered w a sealed product and stole 2 worthless picks .
this made me angry , even though they are n't worth that much .
idk what happened there , but that 's pretty desperate of them .
they offered me half refund , but they never came through .
two g strings and one d string .
i had the medium tension strings before this with no problems for a year .
at 1mm these picks feel too thick and stiff .
i 'll say though that the sound they generate is very crisp and bright .
they are also very durable .
but they 're just no fun to use .
celluloid picks are still my favorite .
but i have purchased a tortex pick from a band at a concert .
so the issue is n't the tortex material itself .
i purchased these by mistake !
they are too stiff .
gave them away to another guitar player in the neighborhood .
i know that he likes them
played strings one time and the d string came unwound .
might have been a factory defect .
i 've used these before in the medium gauge and had no problems .
i changed the whole set and again the d string broke in half .
i never come the product to my hands .
i would not expect it to last very long .
prolonged use would undoubtedly leave the guitarist with an aching shoulder .
overall this is another very disappointing product from ernie ball .
ernie ball strings are poorly made and break regularly .
the ernie ball wah effect pedal is also mediocre .
i will never buy these strings again .
these strings were absolutely terrible .
these picks tend to break easily and look very dull when first bought .
i purchased a set of these strings .
i spoke with someone at the shop .
i explained my plight and he put me on hold for a few minutes .
i am really disappointed .
i am disappointed with the stitching done on this case .
the 1st string break right after tuning .
learning the guitar is expensive and this is one lesson .
the odor is bad .
so bad i can not take it .
change the strings , do n't mess with this junk .
its not just the odor .
i do not want anything this string close to my eyes .
i was hunting for a solution to sweat and sticky .
it helped the sticky thing some but created more problems that it helped .
no grip to them at all .
spend a little more for a better strap .
the picture shows a straight finish ( appearance ) .
they gave me the wavy appearance of the capo .
definitely , i 'll return this product .
this picture should be changed so that no other people are fooled .
my dunlop picks are much easier to keep gripped .
this product is not what it seems .
it has a cool name , but that 's about it .
it 's a tool oil that stinks .
not to mention that getting that crap on my fingers was just nasty .
too small , like stuffing a turkey .
the bigger ones are much better by a long shot .
these are too light to produce a good sound .
save your money and by the big ones they 're great !
basically , i received a dry cleaning stick .
still trying to figure out why this case has so many positive reviews .
it seems flimsy and that it would not protect my child 's trumpet .
the e string broke the very first turn of the peg !
i got these pics about a month after i ordered them .
this may be the last kyser i will buy .
also , they mess the tuning up on my guitars .
i am moving to g7 's for acoustic and planet waves for electric .
it did not protect the trumpet .
i may as well put a bench vise on my guitar neck .
they are worth the extra money .
very cheap and hard material .
you get what you pay for .
ink comes off with just a couple minutes of use .
but probably wo n't buy any picks with ink on them in the future .
perhaps the ink can be removed with alcohol or mineral spirits ?
just not for me .
way to bright with a tinnier sound i 'm not liking .
i have had two sets shipped to me .
both are missing three strings .
the strap is not that great for a heavier guitar like a les paul .
-sweeping never felt so right ... . !
billy expected gloom and what he got was inspiration and a product that worked !
-hey guys whats your problem ! ? ?
update : just up and died .
i have no idea why .
nothing bad happened to it .
it made it through several gigs and then one day , nothing .
it was great while it lasted .
this is an essential part of my gig bag now .
( correction , see update ) it is solid .
well worth the money .
this is a no brainer .
every gigging musician should have one in their kit .
only five in box .
said it came with 10
one of the strings broke while stringing it .
i 'm not a rookie when it comes to stringing banjoes either .
so i did not do it incorrectly , yet it still snapped : (
the edges of the strap are not smooth and start cutting into the skin .
i was a little disappointed b/c the product image was misleading .
it appears to be a dozen multi-colored picks , but i received all yellow .
two weeks later they still have n't mellowed or broken in .
i look forward to trying them .
i was very disappointed .
the photo advertises a more tealish color with less blue in it .
i feel lied to as a customer
i first want to say i agree with the good reviews for these picks .
quality wise , they are very good .
the grip on them is superb and the sound is great .
beware the misleading picture !
very easy to play , and made the guitar sound fantastic .
they sound ok i guess , but i wo n't be using these again .
hope that helps someone .
these are the worst ! !
the ride especially ! !
just not comfortable with my heavy epiphone les paul .
worst experience ever ! ! ! !
i was super stoked with it until one day it just stopped working entirely .
i bought this bag a year ago and have used it very little .
i still have the tags on it .
there are no signs of stress .
maybe a weak point in manufacturing ; check yours when you get it .
velcrow for handle falls apart after about 3 uses .
would n't buy again .
wo n't at that point go on the ligature .
i need some help .
this just is n't right .
i 've played alto sax for years and i do n't understand this .
ordered this for a new salt water tank installed today .
hopefully , the other one i ordered works .
this one is being returned .
amperage is extremely important !
deliver clean power unabated on demand !
electricity is like water in a pipe !
amperage is how big is the pipe for non restrictive flow !
buy a conditioner offering cord replacement !
pangea makes a ac 9 cord !
this cord provides unrestricted flow !
the ligature is the wrong size and does n't fit soprano sized mouthpieces .
fine capo , except one huge flaw .
the spring used in the capo is insanely strong .
i 'm having a hard time to keep ligature shining .
metal always turn black .
i wonder if there is something wrong with it .
i do not recomended to anyone .
this could be the worst buying choice i 've ever made !
when it finally arrived i was thrilled to get recording .
i could no longer record anything on the card .
i need to return this product asap .
! warning do not buy ! ! ! ! !
avoid at all cost .
very dissappointed with these strings and will never buy them again .
went to rehearsal last night and found the 6th e string was a dud .
can not use with more than three ac adapters ( e.g .
9 volt `` wall warts '' for effects pedals ) .
it is apparent comparing them that vandoren has lowered the quality significantly .
the metal is very thin and bends far too easily .
it is no better than the yamaha which is a fraction of the cost .
i heartily recommend *against* purchasing these strings .
immediately after putting these on my guitar , i was _unimpressed_ .
to both hands , the strings felt slightly tacky .
that was just the first day !
i hoped they would improve , but they did not .
but still : these lasted less than 2 weeks .
for now it 's back to d'addarios ; they are excellent sounding and value .
sounded nice , but quite a few snapped on me .
do n't last as long as some other brands i have used .
it does not come with silver plated cap ... only the silver plated ligature .
edit : 3/14/2013 all good things must come to an end .
also , kyser capos are made in the usa by americans .
; - ) charity starts at home !
the string broke at `` bead-end '' , close to the bead .
i 'm probably not buying these strings again .
i keep my guitar in a nice hard case when its not in use .
they sounded good , for the week that they functioned .
just a fair warning , if you purchase from shoreline beware !
my strings arrived contained in their martin box and within a sealed envelope .
when i opened the envelope and removed the box , it was already open .
i have ordered strings from amazon before but never again .
also cost me more in airfreight to return it than it cost .
complete waste of money .
made me drop my guitar .
became loose after only a couple months .
one of the sockets broke the second time i used it .
very light weight , not very satisfying feel on the guitar .
but it is easy to adjust if that matters to you .
does not work right shuts off by itself
so i think the description is n't quite accurate .
this is not tape .
it 's very comfortable material .
however , there is no adhesive .
it does n't work for me .
first , my thumbs started slipping in between the folds .
so i flipped the tape around .
then it would slip up and down the stick .
i 'd have to re-adjust in between every song .
so i reinforced it with some electrical tape .
still did n't work .
i wish it worked but it 's just too risky .
i was reading the reviews before i bought this .
people are really happy with them .
1 ) the process of putting them on .
the tape has 2 sides .
the paper side kept on sliding off while i was wrapping the stick .
it was frustrating and i did not finish putting them on .
i flipped the tape over and tried the rubber side down .
3 ) materials the rubber side of the tape does not feel that great .
if you disregard everything i said , listen to this .
i bought my 2nd pair of ahead aluminum sticks .
one of the best investments i 've made in my drumming career .
on my first pair i used the vater grip tape .
maybe i was spoiled by getting a better prodict to begin with .
but the fact remains , there is a better product out there .
ahead sticks are great !
ahead grip tape is not .
this had a horrible sound even after being tuned .
i usually buy van doren rue lepic 3.5s .
i consider that reasonable given the price vs the variability of reed stock .
today i received a box of v12 3.5+ reeds to compare .
the product is n't expensive per piece but i feel like i got cheated ...
would n't stay between strings , returned .
it also does n't kill a 60hz hum , if one is present .
worst screen protector i have ever seen .
would not recommend this product .
plus , the sponge dries out very quickly .
i just switched to an oasis in case humidifier .
very awkward to use , not even sure is does any humidifying .
it does not stay in place , slides out or sideways .
you should fork over an extra 10 dollars and get a high quality strap .
you 'll be glad that you did .
a lighter instrument with more neutral balance might like it better .
do not buy this .
its reallly overpriced for what it is .
i have the micro cube also , and it totally blows he pignose away .
not evben in the same ball park .
ok , that will be their little secret .
cheap , but works !
i agree with most of the previous comments .
it is basically a spring clamp with 2 cylinders .
vandoren must be having a lot of trouble with their cane .
not one reed in this box was worthy of playing !
develops black mold very easily .
not healthy for your guitar .
get the humidipak two-way system instead .
nothing but problems with this one .
i swear i 'm not making this up .
fell over once and broke completely .
up until then it worked great for about 2 months .
the ad said it gave a nice clean sound without distortion , also .
amp not operable , arrived with what is apparently a wiring short .
i owned a pig nose in the1970s.loved it .
i bought a pig nose 9volt adapter cord and still cutting out .
i waited too long .warranty is only 6 months .
i would recommend other amps with a better warranty .
this item is poor quality and does n't stay in place .
really disappointing coming from promark .
if i had the box i would return it .
this thing is like a glorified chip clip .
it slips off my hi-hat stand pretty easily just from the vibration .
get something that clamps .
does n't stay clamped very well .
it would be better with a screw clamp .
this humidifier is not a good design .
i have one for my uke , an it works much better .
i 'm surprised that d'addario would not sell a better product .
worst amazon experience ever .
it took three tries before i got one that held up after one use .
just as cheap was the customer service from amazon .
resolving the issue took six contacts .
piece of junk ! ! ! ! !
used it for approx .
it only says `` contact seller '' which is amazon in this case .
would not recommend this product to anyone .
of course `` made in china '' ... .figures
out of the box does n't work .
does n't fit on the stand .
you ca n't angle the holders .
i do n't even use it anymore .
i 'd rather leave my sticks on the ground .
this drumstick holder is just ok ... ..not great but not bad .
it 's really not strong enough to clamp on and stay on .
i plugged it in but none of the power cords plugged into it responded .
it looks like it shorted out inside the unit .
somebody had a bad day at furman and the proof is on my bench .
when i received these reeds , they were n't even v-12 .
they were vandoren paris or something .
they certainly did not have they same quality .
i can not say the same for the distributor of these reeds .
whatever kind of reeds these were made my tone quality squeaky and cheap .
one more odd doodad to complicate my setup and teardown .
my right sock is more convenient !
the tubes swivel unless you tighten them with a screwdriver .
it goes in and out .
god i hate made in china crap .
this thing is the epitome of garbage .
i guess it was my fault for buying this piece of crap .
do yourself a huuuuuge favor and get a practice amp from a different manufacturer .
sure am glad i am a prime member .
thats $ 100 i will never get back .
thanks for nothing amazon , now i got the hassle of a return .
well , hey superstar , start with selling a few things that g.d. work !
the amplifier arrived well packaged and ahead of the estimated arrival date .
i wanted to use the amplifier as a busking amp for my ukulele .
will not be buying an ernie ball strap again .
check out fender 's $ 10 strap on amazon .
that is a good low end strap .
durable and i love the fender logo on it .
total waste of money .
oasis humidifiers are the way to go .
this is false advertising .
i 've had one of these stick holders for 20 years .
part of the clip finally broke off , so i ordered a new one .
it is n't worth the price .
plus , worst of all , it didnt work ! !
at least not on the meter .
one of the tabs broke soon after purchase .
did n't like to have to loosen strings just to get in in place .
there are better products out there .
i 'm better off just humidifing the room
i 'd send it back but the postage might make it futile .
i am going to be tapping this to my hi hat stand .
wtf : the cord is like 50 ft. long !
does nothing but dries up quickly
i realize this is apparently a very popular head .
not much better on my drumcraft .
but i wo n't buy another of these .
these have declined tremendously in the last 10 years .
did n't even work .
had to send back .
i would recommend getting the blackstar amp .
bought new broke after few month .
the quality is incredibly bad .
even the plate that labeled them was upside down .
the holes in the plate were actually through the words on the plate .
even the box it came in was crap !
the box has in big bold letters .
`` worlds coolest portadle amp '' .
that 's the way it 's spelled on the box not my spelling .
i have never been so disappointed in a product .
i am going to post photos to the user photos section .
i 'm also sending an email to the company .
unfortunately , it does n't work and the build quality stinks .
i put in 6 brand new aa batteries and nothing .
wiggled them around , still nothing .
plugged in a new cord .
fiddled with the input jack and volume knob .
it appeared the serial number had also been replaced with a new sticker .
in 1972 these were kick ass little amps ... those were the days .
the unit that i received had fatal flaw !
it would not work on battteries alone ( as a portable ) .
the company did not have an option for a replacement .
so i wasted a week time .
for me that is too much work .
the product itself seems well made .
i recommend not wasting time on this unit .
photo shows whole drum , did n't realize it 's just the top
i was charged state tax and i am in kuwait .
have a nice day guys !
simply did not work .
tried several different sets of batteries .
made sure that it was not my guitar cord .
but no sound from the amp at all .
serious quality control problems , obviously .
very disappointed by the whole thing .
received two of these that refused to power up at all .
reseated the brand new batteries multiple times , tried different chords , etc .
i got a pignose for christmas , but it would n't make no sound .
so it returned to amazon , so easy !
and had another one sent around .
the second one , it was a joner .
tried other cables and guitars .
the second one was a joner .
tried other cables and guitars .
but it would n't play no tune , so it only gets one star .
and , it dries out way too quickly .
i have resumed using the `` stone '' type of humidifier .
i bought one of these for my grandson for christmas .
changed batteries and cords ... and guitars.. just did n't work .
so much for timeliness and quality .
thank you amazon the less than stellar experience .
dries out too quickly .
i bought this to use on my epiphone les paul studio .
i have never really done modifications to guitars except string changing .
i should have known to go for epiphone parts , not gibson .
it does not fit on the screw post .
kept falling off my bass
the sponge is very thin and does n't hold much water .
dries out in 1-2 days
does n't screw onto the switch on my les paul !
it is cream in color , not white .
as others have stated , it does n't fit epiphone les paul .
do n't waste your money .
it just arrived , and it does n't fit .
threw it in the garbage .
does not screw on to my gibson les paul .
do not buy this item .
i thought it would screw right on , but it is too big .
not sure what 's wrong .
it 's also a little smaller in length than the original piece .
they will dry out within 24-hours requiring you to re-wet them everyday .
trust me , it 's worth the effort .
poor build quality on the one i ordered .
not a good design .
i contacted furman via their website and never heard anything back .
it 's very disappointing that they never wrote back .
did not fit my epiphone les paul .
not really crazy about this thing .
do n't see how this tiny little sponge can humidify a guitar .
this is a beginners video the very begining .
video is graint and audio is barely above mute .
bought one , then found out how small the sponge is .
imo it 's not worth buying unless you need minimal addition of humidity
does n't fit my son 's guitar .
not worth the hassle of returning or exchanging .
does n't fit my son 's guitar .
was bought as a gift .
do n't buy in advance !
everthing else ordered was a perfect fit on my les paul .
second , i am surprised by how fast this thing will dry out .
the drum 's sound was terrible , with nasty overtones .
i 've had these for years and would have sworn by them .
now i swear at them .
it 's nice to see that they have come down in price .
i 'm going to a $ .30 sponge .
invest in another product .
worked well for a month .
i used it everyday .
first time this happened , the guitar slammed into a wall .
not too happy about that .
last time i 'll buy a cheap strap .
this is a hard lesson to learn .
all 5 reeds sounded horrible .
i had to shave every one .
do n't know what happened but tried another brand and had good luck .
they 've reduced everything 40 % .
this would be a great humidifier ... ..for a doll house guitar .
chincy with a capital chince .
this new humidifier is a useless toy ! ! ! ! ! ! !
! do not buy , if you value your guitar ! ! ! ! !
by a plastic travel case made for a bath sized bar of soap .
punch or poke a hole/holes in the top .
cut to size if nesc , but should fit perfectly .
place in case pocket .
useless in phoenix , arizona .
dries out after a day or two !
might work great if you live in a humid climate : )
is my house that dry ! ?
and i ordered three of them ! !
i have to say these suck !
in more ways than one .
the old ones were better .
i have two and they work fine .
the new one i bought is cheaply made .
it does n't hold as much water and dries out quickly .
planet waves should go back to the old model .
i bought several of these for my guitars .
the sponges are tiny and all of them dried out within a day .
planet waves does not have a great reputation for quality humidifier systems .
this goes between your 3 and 4 strings , spreading them both way out .
this is a really awful design .
i mean , really awful .
i did n't get anything .
having said that , this product does n't work .
i was told it is incredibly easy to use .
the underlying problem is that it does n't give off much humidity .
i re-fill every night , and my guitar began to crack .
the same thing happened to my friend with the same product .
he kindly pointed me to a functioning one .
too hard to play a waste of my money .
i am not happy with my purchase , i am dissapointed in quality
first time use and this happened not recommended please check photos
this rosin is an inferior rosin .
we switched to jade rosin , and the difference is dramatic !
my daughter has been playing for about a year and a half .
we will never switch back !
i dropped it and it shattered into pieces low quality
this style of tuning key is a lame gimmick that does not work well .
it 's cheap but also ineffective .
buy a drumdial or a tunebot .
this is the second rosin i ordered .
the first one arrived cracked , and so did this one .
this product arrived dried out and hard as a rock , totally unusable .
beware to other buyers !
the fit-all designation is not that accurate .
overall build is good - i 'm just bitter about the fit .
this product is a great product .
and his ltd does not fit either .
i ended up returning this item for my money back .
however , almost does not cover several guitar types , including most gibsons .
these costs were not mentioned prior to the purchase .
i am really dissatisfied by the treatment of the company .
anyone have a picture or video to show me ?
my guitar have only a knob at the end of the body
it 's not worth it to return it .
it was all cracked !
do not buy this product !
just a paper weight now .
wax came and was bad , teacher said to throw it out .
way too deep , way too long , way too everything .
extremely disappointed with this product .
the exterior plastic itself may seem tough but was cracked upon arrival .
i would strongly urge anyone considering this guitar case to go to another manufacturer .
chips easily into flakes all over the place
the rosin was very hard to use .
and i got it cracked in some places .
but got here i time and does what it needs
it contains horrendously awful polystyrene as the support material .
those of you who own classic gibson guitars sound off here .
what 's the weakest , most broken part of a vintage gibson ?
not pleased at all .
it came in little tiny pieces .
we could n't even use it .
had to order something else .
it came hard as a rock .
as far as i could tell it was unusable .
i just got bit by this .
guess i should have known by the .55 cent price .
there must be a database mixup btw amazon and music123 .
same with the .011 `` 6-pack '' .
i gave them info and hopefully they 'll get the product description corrected .
i bought this drum key and it has n't worked since i bought it .
does n't fit my gretsch drums .
unfortunately , it just slips around the lug and wo n't grab to tighten .
not sure if it 's sn evans thing or a gretsch thing .
not a true pass-through .
so noisy when turned off its not usable in my chain .
i special orderd a boss bf-3 flanger from guitar center .
i kept it 2 weeks & took it back .
this pedal sucked : extremely metallic sounding & the flanging was not pronounced enough .
i then tried a hartman flanger .
great effect , just a huge volume bump when tuned on .
i dumped the hartman & went for the `` absolute kabala '' of flangers .
i went out & bought a real flanger : the ada flanger .
it arrived all crumbly .
we have not used it yet .
had to spend $ 20 and waste time to send it back .
anything is better than this .
.. yes , it 's cheap but it 's not very good at all .
not really the case .
but first off , the leather on the straps squeaks on the bolts .
lightweight but feels cheap .
i wo n't be putting any guitar valued over $ 150 in this thing .
the strings did not last more than 2 days each they became unraveled fast .
not recommended most of them did not last 30 minutes !
other than that the whole `` tension-tuning '' is super gimmicky and inconsistent .
it 's absolutely amazing !
so does everyone i play for !
strings are 2 '' too short .
telecaster moves around inside case also the case is way too thick .
skb make a much better fit guitar case .
was dried out and crumbled .
it is all cracked !
do not buy this product ! ! ! !
it has happened to me over and over again .
it is the way they are finished at the ends .
they start slipping and detuning and eventually pull out or break .
they also break easily if they do n't have the unravelling problem .
this will happen one or two times a six-pack .
it also happens on regular sets .
i wo n't buy ernie balls anymore .
i let music123 know and they said that i only bought 1 string .
my question to them is what does `` 6 pack '' mean .
i guess it 's just buyer beware .
do n't waste your time and money .
the case is flimsy and poorly made .
1. i can almost poke my finger through the `` hard '' outer shell .
i do not get that reassurance when i put it in this cheap case .
i should have spent the money on the actual gibson hard shell case .
would not fit the tuning lugs on my north toms .
however the keys are really awful .
sticks your bow to the violin and creates a screechy sound .
also creates powder , no matter how much was used .
i ended up returning this and purchasing the evah pirazzi rosin .
no powder and a much cleaner sound .
this light rosin is full of cracks .
still , i 'm sure they did n't get cracked because of this .
someone else that ordered rosin mentioned how it was packed the same way .
how long will these hold up before falling completely apart ?
also , keep in mind that i have n't used them yet , either .
i got them but they were just as badly cracked as the first ones .
they were packaged the exact same way as the first set .
i suppose i got what i paid for ?
i received these and loved them .
the feel is amazing and makes drumming so much easier .
this makes me very sad because they should last so much longer than this .
this thing does not work .
still works as a normal drum key though .
- currently a percussion major
although the graphics look the same it is not the same strap .
the stitching was very loose .
mine started to unravel after only a couple of days of use .
this is definitely not the strap i was expecting .
in short , these sticks gave me the worst blisters of my life .
ive never bled before by playing drums for literally 1 freaking song .
does n't sound like a spring reverb at all imho .
no huge surprise there , but it really sucks .
i did n't expect much , but it was still an awful let-down .
these had the potential to be my favorite pair of sticks .
they have great balance and the grip recess is a marvel of control .
back off a little and let them float and they just hang in perfectly .
they became completely unusable due to the broken tips .
i would be happy to try an improved model maybe with nylon tips ?
broke in the center after an hour of normal use on an electronic kit .
well , i started to notice that the ever click cam sooner and sooner .
i requested this as a gift for my esp ltd m-103fm .
the guitar is too long for the `` universal '' case .
this type easily shatters .
it works , but i just do n't like it .
leather is thin and cheap .
extension but i bought one anyway .
the strap is just too short .
oh , and by the way the strap is pretty .
if you 're absolutely broke , this is an ok strap .
it holds the guitar up .
but it is pretty seriously ugly unless you 're really going after that look .
it is made of the thinnest plastic shell i 've ever seen .
its basically a hollow case for a hollow body guitar .
gator 's product quality has totally slipped and this thing is proof .
just bought a drumdial and hope that it lives up to its reputation !
i did find one that fit .
i purchased this item from woodwind and brasswind on 11/12/12 .
i wo n't be purchasing from the seller again .
i bought clarinet reeds , but i got saxophone reeds .
they 're just meh .
if you just want inexpensive reeds , then go for it .
you get what you pay for .
junky , budget-line low grade with a nice logo .
i decided to return within 10 seconds of looking this over .
this case is shockingly inferior .
in the real world this wo n't last 6 months without falling apart .
made in china , naturally .
you do n't rosin your bow in a rut .
if you own a student model violin , go for it .
i personally think this is an embarrassment to rosins .
too sticky and it seems to gum up the strings .
it broke easily and quickly .
the cheap rosin that came with the bow lasted much longer .
does n't really work too well .
it will last forever if you do n't drop it .
due to the humidity in south florida this rosin was very sticky .
maybe if you 're elsewhere it 'll be better .
it can make a lousy bow perform
i recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars .
i was told it was just as good as the fender case .
both ended up in checked luggage .
the gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips .
the skb fenders will be my airline cases from now on .
i bought this to put my dean custom 350 electric guitar in .
also the case is open inside .
i am now in the process / hassle of trying to send it back .
two strings tore instantly .
teacher said it should have never happend .
my son is a very talented viola player .
d'addario is the only brand he has every used and he is very disappointed .
he played for about one month and the d and a strings are un-winding .
the result ; he has to buy new ones .
i want my money back or a replacement .
i hear a big difference with this rosin from what i am used too .
too scratchy and gritty of a sound produced .
i would prefer a rosin that could give a smoother glide on the strings .
the rosin puts out way to much dust that gets caked on the strings .
would not buy this again .
salieron de 2 1/2 y no de 3 1/2
i have no idea if the rosin is any good because it was unuseable .
foam was splitting and separating out of the box .
do n't expect any special material , this is really just foam .
definitely not worth the price , i 'm going to try a different item .
this product is absolutely terrible !
when i opened the box almost all the reeds were cracked on the top .
unfortunately i received the wrong item .
i ordered for a clarinet and instead received for a saxophone .
waste of money in my room with hard wood flooring .
no audible difference noticed nor when using rew measuring software .
and this is the way both studs were right out of the package .
but since they go in the body it doesnt show much anyway .
playing with vandoren b45 mouthpiece .
i have moved position of reeds and everything .
i switched to the v21 reeds and they are exceptionally better .
second , they 're butt-ugly .
its not for me , i 'm staying with vox
my son just finished his 2nd year with the clarinet .
the price per usable reed is pretty bad with that ratio .
i 'm a guitar player .
this eb pedal does not work all that well for panning your signal .
i would not buy this again for my application .
i hope this one keeps working since it was not a cheap pedal .
i wish i could find a quality alternative pan pedal , the quest continues .
has none of the percussive qualities of the intro model dunlop crybaby .
hard to clean off .
decent sounding wah , but no on & off switch !
if you step on it and move it forward it automatically comes on .
if you bring your foot all the way back it turns off .
so here are the two main problems with this design .
2. ever like to leave the pedal somewhere in the middle ?
take your foot off and play for a while ?
not on this one .
i 'm selling this thing .
it does n't do the things that wah pedals have always done !
good pedal , but extremely big and heavy .
this pedal is big big big .
poor quality , i bought a morley and it was much better .
the volume is controlled by a string on this .
not a whole lot of expression , honestly .
consider another pedal for volume .
otherwise they 're fine .
it barely picks up the acoustic tone coming out of my guitar .
maybe i got a defective unit ?
none of my other guitars generate this much noise .
bought these for an entertainment center woofer being that i have wood floors .
opened the box , closed , the box , and sent them back .
after using them , you can hardly notice the difference about the the vibration .
overall , you do n't need spending so much on this everywhere-can-find foam .
try a/bing them with a pair of black yoga blocks also available on amazon .
they are made from very similar material .
do n't say i never did you a favor .
a pair of yoga blocks will also give you three different height options .
fishman makes good products .
the pickups are clear and good entry-level equipment .
( direct quote from the pickup packaging . )
the hum makes this nearly worthless to me .
i guess the next step is to buy a `` humbucker '' pickup .
in retrospect , it 's obvious why they 're named that .
auralex is too greedy here .
i sent mine back .
got lots howling on d string .
which i did n't have that until change to this brand new string .
i am very frustrated .
get a lot of howling on the d and a strings
string broke the first time i tuned it
returning product and want a full refund .
i 'm a street musician .
i used this pickup to amplify my steel string acoustic .
what 's the deal with this pickup ?
what 's to recommend ?
a. it works at least for 6 months .
it will amplify your guitar .
b. it 's easy to install and uninstall .
c. you can send the cable directly to your amp without preamplification .
what else is the deal with this pickup ?
what 's not so great ?
a. build quality is so-so .
the pickup stopped working after about 6 months .
wear and tear may occur quickly with this pickup .
b. cable placement is awkward .
c. cable feels flimsy .
d. lots of hum .
e. seymour duncan offers a slightly cheaper pickup of the same style .
so far it sounds better than the fishman .
should you purchase it ?
go for seymour duncan instead .
within 1 week , 2 strings have broken already .
will not purchase again .
i purchased this `` gibson '' brand bridge for my les paul studio faded .
which had a defective bridge on it .
so a low action without buzz is impossible .
and this bridge is really no better .
i am guessing gibson stopped notching them to cut costs .
very very disappointed , at this point .
waiting to hear from amazon
i rate this low for two specific reasons .
guitar straps are a bit like clothing in that fit is really important .
# 3 not a true 3 in stiffness .
it is not designed very well .
i ordered for my les paul abd it doesnt fit .
the spread is too wide and post are different size also .
so much for gibson parts .
now im stuck with it
its too quiet even with a preamp .
not a good invesment .
search for a better pickup or spend a little bit more .
not happy with the product .
easy to install its just that its too quite .
pa used , fender 700 .
these reeds are highly variable in their quality/usability .
i will need to keep looking for a more quality-consistent reed manufacturer .
i used this product for my live performances with a martin d-15 acoustic guitar .
i did not have any problems with the quality of the sound .
but it stopped working one fine day .
i did n't think this would be a problem , but it is .
apparently the pickup is designed to have the low e only one way .
so i have to return it .
so other buyers who have similar issues need to look elsewhere .
but - i did try it on a normal guitar and it worked great .
so if you have one of these , it 's 4 star .
broke after playing for 5 minutes .
was n't even playing hard .
not worth the money .
we ordered these sticks for my son to use during band camp .
his instructor told them they needed the white ones .
the picture on the website showed white sticks .
the ones we received were wood grain , not white .
we did n't have time to send them back before band camp .
i wo n't ever buy this brand again .
they fall apart so easily .
did me no good .
i will stick to rico reeds .
unfortunately i never got to play because the a string snapped while tunning !
sad to say i was wrong .
i am not a professional cellist , i 'm only learning as a hobby .
so i ca n't say the string has been `` overplayed '' .
i should have probably just gotten the cheaper nickel-wound , it might last longer .
this mic made me look bad several times while djing .
lots of noise and no on and off switch .
do n't use this in aloud environment .
the feedback is horrible .
they look so small i feel like they not be of quality i desired .
may i know please , why they are so small ?
i thought they were regular size micros .
it is to tight to stay in tune .
i will need a medium gage a string .
the string broke within 5 minutes .
that was the life span of the product .
never got to use the string because it snapped when putting it in !
i am afraid its a case of get what you pay for
not all that for it to be a shure brand !
quality and sound were awful for the price
my daughter could not use these reeds .
she could not play clarinet properly .
they also broke easily .
we went through 10 in one week .
i ordered this product expecting wonderful things to happen .
i think it 's overpriced for what little it does .
neither one of us were very impressed with it .
pin of hinge easly came out , and can not hold the reed tight .
and no good for open/close .
one thing more the price is high compare with product it self .
i do n't like it and it look like toy
vandoren must be having a ton of trouble with their cane supply .
even their traditional reeds are sounding like saw dust .
i bought these twice and had them replaced twice .
the evans dot drum head is much better .
i bought this head after reading that it is especially for hard rock players .
that may be , but for my taste it sounds like crap .
i am using a pearl steel snare drum .
do not buy this head if you want any degree of crispiness !
this mic does no even compare to my peavey mic .
it was cheap enough so i did not even bother sending it back .
shure is normally a good mic , maybe it is just a cheaper model .
but , it works .
wish i 'd have gotten something a little nicer though .
they break easily and upon that , they are not consistent in the least .
i wish all the luck with finding the reeds for you !
is not a drum , just a plastic snare head , misleading
daughter did n't like the quality and sound of these reeds .
we will be going back to another brand .
for me this box had an extremely high noise floor .
so i sent it back .
if you are international buyer you will buy this item at your own risk .
i do like a lot of the boss pedals but not this one .
rad sounding pedal but poor internal quality .
it went bad after one year on my pedal board .
it was protected with `` pedal power '' but just stopped working .
i sincerely expected a $ 170 pedal to last longer than one year .
i swear by these picks .
few shops ( including guitar center ) carry these gauges in this shape .
the only gauge i play is the 1.00mm .
i 'll keep playing claytons , but i ca n't play with these .
bought it for my son .
bad quality compared to store bought .
the reeds ' quality is not that great .
so far 2-3 reeds were damage when we opened the package .
honestly i should have just stuck with moongel 's .
on the plus side they can be adjusted some what .
i use them on the resonant heads .
i recommend getting some damper pads instead .
other than that , i would not waste my money on the product !
they look cool , but break very easily .
i go through 1-2 every gig or practice .
id suggest something sturdier if you play with any power at all
that black part starts peeling off after about 15 minutes .
works well for the first couple of days then it begins to fall off .
it 's the first time i have been disappointed by an evans product .
nice to look at not to use !
leaves black marks on the drums that is very hard to het off !
if u like the black stick look go with clear or uncolored tips !
you live u learn !
sorry , but the moongel gave me best results .
these were straight up bad .
not what i expected .
stick with the control rings , moon gel or good ole ' duck tape .
bought this product for my son 's 11th birthday .
arrived with mottled patina ; the hour hand was swinging loosely .
can not be polished without removing zildjian stencil .
zildjian should pull this from the shelves before it taints their name .
deserves zero star rating , but amazon wo n't let me do that .
just an average drumstick , but the black paint stains the hands .
ok ... ..but heavy .
they do n't work well at all .
bought two pairs and both broke within a couple of weeks
we 've never experienced this with locally purchased reeds .
i have been buying these reeds for my daughter for the last 3 years .
vandoren should look into this .
i am left buying a new set within a month .
will vandoren bother with sending replacements to customers who got junk ?
logo and paint come off right away .
fingers are black from paint after 1st hour of use
it showed up and it was a plain black strap , no bolt .
very annoying because i paid more for the design .
i bought this thing and it was a complete let down .
shoddy quality and crappy looking lightning bolt .
sent it straight back .
looks great , but does not work .
put a battery in and nothing happened !
so , i recieved these yesterday , ordered 2 pairs .
wood is too soft .
should 've looked before buying .
broke after 3 practices .
i loved the grips , but the wood was just too weak .
this strap is what you pay for .
it is cheaply made and will not last the rigors of stage .
strap is not for pro use .
would not recommend for stage use unless you want a busted guitar neck .
i purchased two pair and each pair broke on the first use .
loved the style and the gibson logo but the parts on it are plastic .
had to send it back for that reason .
this bolt is not woven - its just a kind of cheap paint .
only 2 out of this box were functional .
the others were split or warped .
this is the last box of these i will be purchasing .
i loved my first pair ( purchased elsewhere ) .
these sticks felt awkward and cheap .
made in china , over all lacking craftsmanship .
never got to play it
this amp sounds absolutely terrible with a bass .
even at low volumes the farty buzz is overwhelming and extremely unpleasant .
amazon took care of return in a matter of minutes..hats off to them..tks again
today i received an email showing that the new estimated delivery is july 11th !
and my invoice magically changed to $ 322 !
so much for `` no additional cost '' .
i wanted to replace a broken knob on a les paul gibson guitar .
the knobs on my guitar and in the photo have a rounded center post .
the knobs i got have a flat center post .
they work but do n't match the other three on the guitar .
oh well , i tried .
why call these nylon ? ?
i thought they were `` plastic '' as in , nylon .
these are not the same thing .
deceptive description for sure ...
these are nylon tipped sticks , not nylon sticks - please change your description .
the packaging left a sticky residue on one of the sticks .
nevertheless , the prime shipping helped me out in a bind .
they 're just drumsticks , and you can surely play with them .
i question the quality of the brush .
seems like an abnormal number of hairs shed each time i use it .
now that there are multiple alternative offerings , we 'll be changing to those .
very cheaply made , fimsy .
wrong color , i put them in the parts drawer .
broke after 2 practice sessions of use .
it freakin broke a week in .
i loved the sound but not strong at all
i ended up buying the comparable mxr dist/d.i .
sharp edges , feel cheap , horrible fit .
even with gibson name on it .
so gibson part on gibson guitar , no go .
edit : i take back what i said .
half the reeds do n't work .
they chip easily and i had to constantly buy more .
did n't expect it to get here so quickly .
these sticks split then broke within a few days of playing with them .
first bad experience with zildjian sticks .
these sticks broke fairly easy and leaves black marks all over your cymbals .
probably wo n't be buying these again ever
says the numbers are white and embossed .
packaging is different as well as the knobs themselves .
this looks like a pro mic , but it 's not .
i guess the price should have given me a clue , huh ?
the problem never corrected itself and we deemed the box defective .
he is in process of returning the item to the music store .
it had its use to mic a guitar , but still , fairly crispy .
glad it was just a run through !
i have never had such serious vibration in a stick before .
i wo n't use them again .
i bought this book for a college level music theory class .
not worth the money .
it looks like paint chipped away but it is supposed to be brand new .
these are fine i suppose .
i liked the page-like gold-foil topped ones better .
the gold on these appear too `` golden '' for the guitar tho .
plastic is not very sturdy .
two knobs chipped upon installation .
would be better if they had metal inserts to reinforce .
the spider cage was not threaded to mount on a stand .
did not work with my sons computer .
i expected a lot more of zildjian .
i feel like i threw away money and my son was very disappointed .
i 'll never consider using them .
i have been playing with promark drumsticks for about 15yrs .
i opened the box and noticed the sticks looked funny .
i ordered four pairs of sticks and one stick is cracked half way through .
i do n't believe these are true promark sticks but actually fakes .
they play fast but i never felt comfortable with them .
thirdly the hickory seemed 'softer ' than vic firth 's .
the book reads like a storybook in paragraph form .
the book has both a contents page and an index for easy referral .
i especially liked the fact that an index was included .
so many crochet books do not include this .
the index makes it very easy to find information on a particular topic quickly .
the recommendations for people just learning to crochet are fantastic .
i learned with a b-1 hook and a fingering weight yarn .
i always appreciate having a teacher with a sense of humor !
i thoroughly enjoyed it and learned a few things as well .
i would highly recommend this book to anyone interested in the art of crochet .
easy to understand and a prompt service too
my girlfriend use quite often
love the dummies series .
just started reading it .
love the charts & cautions .
this is a very helpful book .
excellent training book for beginners !
excellent book glad it was available for purchase on amazon
i have been crocheting for years and wanted a reference manual .
it is good for that .
it would be a good book for someone beginning to crochet too .
great for beginners and to have around as a reference refresher
it teaches you the basic stitches and how to follow a patterns .
it 's nice to be able to make handmade gifts for friends and family .
bought this for my wife and she is very pleased with it .
these is my second one .
it just easy and understandable pattern instruction .
it is also written in plain english .
still ca n't crochet to save my life
great way to learn to crocheting
this book was a gift for my wife .
bought it to replace one i gave to a person new to crocheting .
it 's been a great help to me
although i have crocheted for years .
i fine something new and a better way in this book .
is helping me with new stitches and old ones .
i learned a lot , was easy to understand .
many drawings and a hand full of photos in the center of the book .
an extra plus is that photo on the front of amy poehler .
have been crocheting for years , self-taught .
very easy to understand and implement .
easy patterns to follow .
this book did help me get started again and is easy to follow .
it is nice that it also has patterns you can make .
great book i just wish the pics were more in color
i got this for a friend of mine who 's fairly new to crocheting .
i tried but i am better at knitting
helpful when you do n't know anything about crocheting .
still using to hopefully learn all the different stitches .
great book for beginners .
great book for a new beginner .
must have in your collection of crocheting books .
still learning but having fun doing it
it was a gift for my sister-in-law who has just started crocheting .
she is sharing the book with many others who are just learning .
easy to use and follow .
easy to understand instructions with good illustrations
as a beginner i found this book to be very helpful .
i found out mistakes i was making and how to read patterns .
had a lot of helpful hints .
this is a great book for any level of crocheting
has plenty of instructions for beginners as well as others .
has a lot of information i had never seen before .
great book to help you get started !
this book had much more patience with me than my former teachers .
i did n't even mind it calling me a dummy !
the instructions are clear and very easy for dummies to understand .
that is another positive aspect of this book .
just what i needed to spell out the little things i forgot about crochet .
very fun and informative too .
bought it used and was is good condition .
this book has helped me .
plus it has other stitch i need to learn .
i lke very much the book help me a lot .
was fast the delivered i am very happy with that
this helped a lot .
i am left hand , so i wish it showed more left handed moves .
i 've previously tried to teach myself to crochet and was unsuccessful .
the book goes over basic stitches with instructions and pictures .
i read the part 1 without completing any of the practice stitches .
then moved on to chapter 6 and began the sassy scarf project .
i did n't worry too much about being perfect the first time .
after completing the scarf project , i moved on to the bucket hat project .
then i found some patterns online .
love these books very easy instructions
it comes in very handy when i forget how to do something .
it 's a great reference !
i love this book .
if you 're just learning to crochet , crocheting for dummies is a must-have .
just what i was looking for .
it had other interesting things to learn also and even patterns fir beginners .
a very good reference book .
this book exceeded my expectations .
i would buy `` used '' again .
so very helpful for a non crafty pearson
i took this out of the library first and enjoyed reading it .
it was very helpful .
lots of items i ca n't wait to start !
helps you from step on !
you 'll love it !
i learned a lot more from this book .
enjoyed the instructions as they were easy to understand .
would recommend it to anyone .
this has clear , concise instructions and wonderful tips .
the photos are precise and i love following the patterns .
i really enjoyed this book .
it has been a while since i have done any crocheting .
it looks perfect for my refresher course .
a lot of detail in a small book .
helped to learn new techniques in a short time .
great instructions for someone learning how to crocheting .
i choose this book because knitting for dummies was very helpful .
i was not disappointed .
i am crocheting a blanket for my son as we speak .
this book really breaks it down for me .
i really feel like i 'm gaining some headway with crochet .
i thought i 'd have to take a class , but not so !
this book will show you everything you need to know .
would recomend to have on hand for new patterns too .
really makes learning crochet very easy .
good diagrams and explains patterns in easy to understand instructions .
this book was very informative and i liked how detailed the illustrations are .
it was nice learning all kinds of stitches !
diagrams are worth a 1,000 words .
easy to read and understand .
great way to teach yourself what you need to know to begin crocheting .
the pictures included also help guide you along with the stitches .
i really enjoy the books for dummies .
crochet for dummies is no exception !
it takes about 1 minute and 'voila !
a book for everything !
keep up the good work amazon !
gave it as a gift and she was thrilled .
i recommend this book highly .
i found out i was actually making some really basic mistakes .
if you know nothing about crochet , this book is for you .
highly recommend the book .
it was my mistake not to get a paper back book .
this book is helping me understand crocheting .
so glad i bought this book .
recommended to those that are dummies
i did share it with my sister .
this product helped me to learn how to crotchety .
it is easy to read and understand .
this is a great book .
i am pleased with the book .
there are places i would get confused but overall it helped .
good reference guide as well .
love the book and would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn to crochet .
easy to read and great pictures !
perfect for someone just learning to crochet .
it explains how to make a stitch in a very simple , doable way .
i 'll be a pro in no time .
my wife was trying to get a better handle on a particular crochet technique .
this book gave the best illustrations and descriptions of the several books she tried .
it got 5 stars because it was better than 5 other books .
this book will allow me to learn this craft with a minimum of frustration .
i am delighted with the ease of learning with this great tool .
would recommend this to really anyone who crochets .
it is well written and the instructions are easy to read and understand .
i believe i will really use this book and enjoy it .
the pictures displaying how to do each stitch is perfectly illustrated .
great for anyone who needs a review in basic stitches .
it also provides graphic directions for more advanced stitches .
this book has it all .
all things needed to begin crocheting were gone over and fully explained .
after reading this book , you should be able to get underway !
i would recommend this book for beginners and novices .
i purchased these 2 books for my daughter and great niece .
i love 2 crochet ! ! !
this is what i was looking for .
i got this book right after and taught myself everything else .
the book contains information for the beginner and the advanced and everything in between .
for me the hardest part of crochet is interpreting the pattern .
there are several patterns in the book .
i plan to keep mine handy and refer to it often .
-- valerie lull , author , ten healthy teas
ordered to book because i want to learn more of the stitches .
did not realize there were patterns in it .
needless to say the book met all expectations .
i have been crocheting for 50 years .
when i bought this book i liked the patterns and the format .
i even learned a few new tips .
this book helps me alot .
i need alot of help on knitting .
now i still need learning .
helped to teach me crochet .
learned crocheting in the round from this book .
recommend this book to any new crocheters
the content includes just about anything you may want to know .
sadly this large print version is out of print which is a shame .
used it quite a bit when taking lessons .
would recommend it for the beginner and will use it again in the future
yes , it is truly a must have for all who crochet .
i have always found the `` for dummies '' books helpful .
i bought a copy for myself and for my sister-in-law .
she and i are both left handed and the illustrations make things much easier .
this was also ordered and mailed to same granddaughter .
she has received it and says it is an awsome book .
i was mostly interested in learning rounds .
this book has been such an excellent help .
i highly recommend this book to take your crocheting to the next level !
got the book fast and realy like that it is easy to understand .
bought one for my grand-daughter who really got into crocheting this past summer .
great book and arrived quickly !
the book was exactly as described in the description .
thanks so much for your excellent service !
a great book to have .
the style in which they are written is always the same .
i am considering opening an etsy shop now and crochet all the time .
very descriptive and helpful !
is n't confusing like most others i 've tried using .
i would recommend this book to anyone begining to crochet !
i do n't regret it at all .
i refer back to it all the time .
i would recomend this for anyone from beginers to advance crochers .
great book for novices and those who thought they knew how to crochet .
i really love this book !
i keep it close just in case i need to look something up .
very helpful and easy to read .
i recommend it to all !
enjoyed the pictures best , made it easier to understand .
i had given a copy of this book to my d.i.l .
and then decided i 'd like one for myself .
thanks again , amazing amazon .
arrived on time , perfect condition .
will be awhile before i need the advanced instructions tho !
when this book was received pages were coming away from the binding .
i contacted amazon and they remedied the situation to my satisfaction .
i think this book is really helpful .
i would recommend this book .
a great learning tool .
i warmly recommend this book .
it covers all you need to know about crocheting , stitches tips and pattern .
you 'll learn to crochet any wearable clothing you need to have .
i love this book .
pattern in this book is everything from dishcloth to a nice sweater
i feel like i am finally getting crochet !
not too much is devoted to that topic .
item received in a timely manner and in new condition .
the book itself is extremely helpful , even for a seasoned crocheter .
this book also has some nice patterns i 'd like to try .
i love the `` dummies '' books anyway .
they 're well-written and easy to understand .
hello amazon.com from bud french this dummie book made me a non dummie .
i ' v made 4 pot holders an geting better .
this is a really nice book when learning to crochet .
instructions are clearly written and easy to follow .
ordering on line and the good price made it even better .
item was sent on time and in perfect condition as promised .
i would purchase from seller anytime in the future .
i crocheted as a kid , but had forgotten the stitches .
was looking for a good reference to show , and explain , the steps .
i do n't live near any groups to join and get help !
this book is a must have for beginners and veteran hookers alike .
everything you need to know is in there !
the drawings are spot on !
i also have `` knitting for dummies '' , it 's equally good .
i have been crocheting a long time .
i am not a beginner but not advanced by any means .
this book helps the beginner as well as more advanced .
it shows how to crochet from the very beginning with pictures that explain well .
it also has several projects you can try .
i enjoy the entire dummy series .
the authors speak in clear illustrations for the novice .
of course , i 'm sure it is good for right handers , too !
book very useful and well illustrated .
here 's to crocheting !
how great that i can always trust that amazon stands for quality .
this is my first experience at crocheting so i needed something very basic .
this fit the bill .
this is a great book for beginners .
maybe some experts can pick up a few pointers too .
this book is a great source for every level of experience .
i 'm a beginner and it was recommended to me .
i love the easy step by step instructions and the visual pictures are great .
i can see at a glace how a stitch should look .
i love it ! !
came new and quickly as promised .
i would do business again with this seller .
i am a knitter and wanted to take up a new craft .
this book came to me in wonderful shape and is extremly helpful .
would order from this seller again
i thought this was a very good book to learn from .
if you are one go for it ! !
a very user friendly book .
a great value for the price .
this is the best beginner book on the subject of crochet that i own .
they give straightforward instructions and illustrations to help !
i will definatley recomend this to friends .
anyone wanting to learn to crochet will truly enjoy this book .
this is a must for your stitching library .
what do you say honey , a few more hours of crocheting this evening ?
i decided i wanted to learn to crochet .
this was ( and continues to be ) an excellent resource .
there are sections pertaining to pattern reading .
this book was that help i needed !
it shows every stitch and step in great detail with diagrams to help .
it also goes into some of the more advanced techniques , including tunisian crochet .
i really recommend this book for all crocheters .
everyone could probably learn something new from it .
therefore , i ca n't really comment on the projects .
it is more of an instructional book .
i bought this book to help me to become a better crocheter .
this book was great for that .
never heard of it !
could n't find it !
) , but the guage that they give in the pattern is weird .
i had to calculate ratios in order to choose an appropriate yarn !
i am much more confident reading patterns and trying out new stitches now .
i would definitely recommend this book .
jazz is very much a living , oral tradition .
what an amazing book !
all of these artists bring such vital and unique music to the world .
there is a thread that runs throughout all of these artists .
they have humility , drive , and an almost selfless commitment to their craft .
billy hart 's conversation was very touching and humble .
every chapter has taught me something about my own musical development .
i hesitated at first , but nabbed the kit on a lightning deal .
the cd and dvd are easy to follow along with .
she loved it , wo n't stop playing
i decided that i wanted to learn to play the ukulele .
it 's certainly not the best ukulele but you get what you pay for .
it is a very nice instrument for the price and seems well-made .
she 's been enjoying it for months now .
bought last christmas for my grandson .
great gift for a 10 year old who wants to learn .
the sound is great and the book is easy to understand .
it 's good for beginners
a little harder than i thought it would be .
my 13 year daughter received this for christmas .
i wish the instructions where a tad bit easier to follow .
other wise no complaints great buy !
this is a nice little ukulele !
i assume this is the fault of the strings more than the ukelele .
either way , it now holds its tune with no problem .
i got this kit in 2013 before it was remodeled with dvds .
mine happened to shipped without the book .
alfred 's was so good to us .
he was , and still is , very impressed by them .
play every day to get the strings stretched as quickly as possible .
this uke is simply a cheap wood laminate or veneer .
yes : i like the uke for kids .
and this uke being laminate is fairly sturdy .
is this the cheapest of the cheap ?
was n't then , is n't now .
it 's also not student or professional level either .
those are way more $ $ $ .
you 'll have a way better instrument that you 'll be happier with longer .
if you ca n't though ... budget instruments exist for a reason .
i 'm looking into acoustic electrics and solid wood ukes now .
my 16-year-old loves this and taught himself to play .
basic starter ukulele , works just fine !
5 stars for this set .
learned playing the instrument after only 3 hours .
i bought this as a uke for my sister 's wedding .
i was worried about buying a musical instrument that i had never touched before .
this one delivered and the quality is exactly what i expected .
keep tuning and playing and you will enjoy it .
we also used it for the guest list at the wedding .
i recommend this starter ukulele kit .
i has everything you need to learn the ukulele .
great ukulele but i ca n't tell if it 's real wood
great for the price , has a hard time staying in-tune .
my daughter learned to play the ukulele very quickly .
the lessons are easy to read and allow you to go at your pace .
the ukulele was adequate for her to learn .
i wanted it soon , and it was on primenow .
i bought a tuner and a simpler instructional booklet .
my other instructional booklet has also helped me more .
i have n't tried the dvds yet , though .
the gig bag is a giant joke .
if that 's what 's pulling you towards this kit , turn around !
this is a good starter package .
the bag is not padded but still good to have .
i ordered the guitar for my granddaughter for christmas .
she was delighted and so were we .
she has already had three lessons and has done great .
a `` gig bag '' is included .
not very protective , but it 'll keep the dust off .
overall , a nice value for the money , and suits its purpose well .
great product , now both my grandson 's can play .
it 's just perfect !
g'daughter received this for christmas present last year and plays if often .
it was a good package deal and was worth the price
my daughter loves it !
great for a beginner .
book is helpful and pretty straight forward .
the two year old boy loves it !
this is a good sturdy ukulele , and the book is easy to follow .
great for a beginner !
perfect starter for my 9 year old .
going to buy another one for myself so i can learn with my son .
the included instructional dvd is a bonus and helpful !
very easy to follow and lots of fun
i 'm writing this nearly four years later .
then it was tuning daily .
after a few weeks of this , the uke held a tune great .
the `` firebrand '' ukulele is a laminated instrument of unknown wood .
it 's kind of dead-sounding .
they make fine adjustments quite smoothly , and hold well over time .
they were all , however , finished to a much higher standard .
i left empty-handed , but will probably get a better uke sometime soon .
it promptly went into the giveaway pile .
we have n't watched the dvds , because the book has been great .
so it 's not the c am f g combo very common on youtube .
update : i changed the strings to the aquila nylgut aq-4 set .
it 's really very good !
nice product for the price .
excellent deal for the set !
it has everything that my good niece needs .
thanks for the unequaled service !
my wife just loves it
fun , functional starter .
just what i ordered .
gave this to my 11 year old grandson and he loves it .
a full kit with everything you need to begin at a good price .
my 15 year old granddaughter loves this ukulele .
and learned to play it in no time at all .
exactly as advertised and prompt delivery .
very happy with this purchase ,
having fun learning to play .
the dvd instructions are very easy to follow .
not real wood but fun to learn to play .
the book is hard though
got this for my 10yr old daughter .
she enjoys playing on it , able to play comfortably .
i bought this guitar for my six year old grandson .
it was everything i had hoped for .
i would recommend it to everyone .
the tuner works great for our frequent tuning needs .
it was a nice thought though .
all in all a great starter kit .
glad we bought it for her !
wish the guitar came with a peg to attach a strap .
otherwise , nice starter set for my just-turned-8 year old .
perfect for children to learn on !
complete except for stand .
ordered stand and extra picks separately .
child is ready to learn .
guitar did n't come with shoulder strap as it states .
good guitar though for the price .
my granddaughter just loves this ukulele !
so glad `` santa '' saw this on amazon and bought it .
the ukulele itself is pretty sturdy .
the strings are plastic and hardto push into .
the case is very cheap very thin .
i love that the book comes with cds for easy listening !
nice sound great price .
took it on a mission trip to belize and gifted it to the church .
i see tons of people complaining , `` it does n't tune well !
whether it be a 1000 dollar instrument or a 30 dollar instrument .
how long does it take to break in an instrument , you ask ?
a good hour or so of playing , at least in my experience .
but this is a ukulele , not a flute .
alrighty then , enough about the instrument , the other stuff it came with .
but it gets the job done oddly efficiently .
for my daughter 's 13th birthday .
good value for the price .
bought as a gift , the person enjoyed it .
i think this is great for beginners .
haters will hate but i love this uke .
you get what you pay for and this little guy does the job
love love love this .
i am learning so much .
absolutely great little instrument .
stays in tune for a while once you break it in .
product exactly as described .
my teenager is very satified
this was a very nice ukulele for a beginner .
my son absolutely loves his ukulele .
we have yet to start using the book and cd .
i feel this is a great beginner instrument for my 5yo .
our son is so excited
very nice starter guitar .
my daughter has learned quite a bit from the book and software .
this guitar is exactly what it is - an entry level guitar for kids .
this was bought for my daughter and she has enjoyed learning on it .
this is a wonderful kit for the beginner .
i was impressed with the overall quality of the guitar and the teaching tools .
note : the guitar definately does not come with buttons for using a strap .
i bought this for my 9 year old daughter to learn on .
i highly recommend this for any parent with a guitar interested child .
overall , i highly recommend this product !
we will probably end up getting lessons for him .
for someone starting out this is the way to good .
always some adjusting needed but not much .
great for the price , my daughter loves it .
do n't think she 's put it down much since christmas .
i 'd recommend buying an auto tuner .
very easy to learn .
package was left on my porch in the rain/snow though .
nicely constructed and has great sound at its affordable price .
arrived on time and in great condition with everything included .
only issue was that it cant hold a tune .
i bought this guitar for my granddaughter , it was her favorite gift .
she has been playing it non stop since she received it .
this is the perfect size for my six year old .
he loves it and is starting to watch the videos .
i think he wants to be a disney star some day .
i also e-mailed the seller and they said no it will not work .
conflicting messages , quite annoying .
i bought this for my 8yr old son .
good size and build for my son .
i picked on it some , lol .
as far as delivery , packing and that goes .
i was pleasantly surprised , the guitar seems very well made .
it 's the perfect all-in-one starting kit for a kid .
otherwise , happy customer .
very pleased with my 9 yr old 's first guitar .
our son would not put this down !
this is a good beginner ukulele .
this was a gift .
no idea how it 's doing
because it was new it was a little hard to keep it in tune .
however , it got better the more i played it .
the quality is nice .
also , the paint job should probably be improved .
but other than that , it 's really easy to learn .
bought for my daughter for christmas and she loves it .
i purchased this as a gift for a friend who really wanted to learn .
its a neat little set and he adores it .
my son loves it .
i expected better , despite the price .
i 've never experienced this with any other instrument , cheap or expensive .
however , the audio cd and the dvd were not included .
ok , my bad .
so , i 'm completely happy with this item .
perfect little instrument and hobby .
i am very happy with this purchase .
wont be using the book , dvd or case .
the case is very cheap and noisy .
the book is not `` beginner friendly '' .
i have never owned , played or even held a ukulele .
over all , perfect first ukulele .
its ok for the price .
but good money spent in my opinion .
and sounds great when tunned
i love alfred 's beginner book !
it has even help this old lady master the guitar !
my five year old has no trouble following , either !
i would definately recommend to a friend .
note that this is not a full sized guitar .
it is scaled down for children .
this product exceeded my expectations .
my grandaughter loves it .
she will taking lessons and learning to play real soon .
i got this for my grandson for christmas .
he loved loved loved it .
i would highly recommend this product .
the quality was better than expected and everything was included just as described .
you wo n't be disappointed if you purchase this guitar .
it is a verey nice guitar for the price .
my grandson really likes it .
our 8 year old daughter is having a blast learning to play the guitar .
such easy instructions for her to follow .
great for just starting out .
great deal and awesome product for kids .
my son loves it and it fits his body well .
wish it came with a stand , but you ca n't have it all !
my grandson wants to learn the guitar .
it is very well constructed and sounds beautiful .
he is looking forward to many hours of enjoyment .
thank you for such a great product .
i would highly recommend it .
ukelele is great and carrying case is good too !
love that it cane with extra strings .
great book and not bad quality ukulele for the price !
i eventually want to upgrade , but i 'm satisfied with this uke !
i 'm pleased with the product .
the strings must be stretched and broken in before they will stay in tune .
my firebrand ukulele plays great and sounds great .
do n't expect anything high quality- it 's thirty dollars .
for thirty dollars , you get what you pay for .
the uke itself is light .
i did n't even bother with the original strings because of other reviews .
the tuning held fine on those after retuning it a few times .
and it is not a toy .
that does n't make it a toy .
if you want something fancy , save your money .
still working on it but it 's a great starter kit
this is a beautiful guitar .
i mean really nice .
you will be amazed at the beauty of this guitar , trust me .
the electronic tuner is really difficult to understand , maybe it 's me .
the included cd however makes it very easy to tune the guitar .
nice course included also , good for beginners .
this is a great package , unbelievable quality for this price .
it 's beautiful , solid and my daughter just loves it !
good price and nice set .
she only wishes that a strap came with it .
my kids ( ages 6 and 9 ) are really enjoying it .
having a case come with it is a good idea .
the tone is pleasant -- plenty good for a beginner .
i 'm very pleased that i bought it .
this is a kids size guitar that has good sound .
it comes with everything your child needs to learn .
product was exactly what i expected .
best quality that you can ask for the price paid .
my daughter loves it too .
my daughter 's guitar teacher had good things to say about the guitar .
overall a really good choice for starters !
alfred 's kid 's guitar arrived in perfect condition .
this classical style guitar is a good choice , especially for youngsters starting out .
comes complete with dvd , music book & tuner .
my 10 year old daughter just took up guitar lessons .
turns out , this was perfect .
and for the price : $ 50.00 , we could n't go wrong !
great price for a great starters ukulele kit .
i would recommend this product to anyone interested in ukuleles : )
i was playing songs within a day ; it just keeps getting better !
bought this for my son who wanted to try learning to play ukele .
successful and enjoyable experience .
remember to get it tuned accurately .
he did decide to invest in better quality strings which definitely was a plus .
uke of good quality .
well worth the money .
prime delivery within 2 days of ordering .
frets are a little rough and strings high but very playable even for beginner .
the ukulele sounds great and the book is very helpful !
he has already taught himself 3 songs .
there are also cds to listen to and a case for the ukulele .
i recommend this to anyone who wants to try it out .
my sister loves it !
now my younger sister wants one .
great gift for holidays i really like it and so does my son .
he will be taking lessons soon and now has a instrument
i will definitely recommend it to anyone .
i know my child will love it
she said it was perfect .
the guitar is great i just wish it had regular guitar strings .
otherwise my niece loved it and seemed to be happy .
i bought it for my 6 years old son .
he is loving it .
his teacher too approved it .
it comes with a book and two cds .
i love the guitar .
however the book lessons and cd did not help me at all .
still it is a great guitar to start learning on .
we purchased this guitar for our 10 yr old , son .
the hardware on this guitar is the best of that bunch .
the guitar as a whole feels more solid than i expected .
there are no pegs for a strap .
the dvd is great .
get through the whole thing , and you feel like you have moved forward .
the program also has a chord chart .
my 6 year old granddaughter thinks i am the best ever ! ! !
she loves this guitar and is learning as she goes .
very comprehensive and includes everything it 's supposed to .
i had a lot of fun with it .
cute entry level ukulele `` learn to play '' system .
i purchased this as a gift for my son .
great for the price .
needs tuned a lot though .
my son like it very much
this was my four year olds choice of instrument .
it 's perfect for a beginner !
comes with everything needed to learn how to play .
i have had this for almost two years and i love it !
it was a gift for my daughter and she loved it !
nice start up kit , daughter loves it .
i can play anything i want .
bought it as a christmas gift for my little sister .
she adores this , it is prefect for learning on your own .
for the money this is a great buy .
my one complaint is that the uke loses it 's tune fairly easily .
but for the money it 's definitely a good buy .
nice quality and sound .
being prepared with this fact , i went ahead and clicked 'place order ' .
grandson loves his ukulele and it helped him learn to play ! ! !
it 's cool for kids
i would recommend buying a tuner like the snark-6 and some aquila strings .
nice ukulele and text cd also dvd !
i bought this for me sons 13th birthday and he loves it .
he found the book easy to follow and has learned .
this was a great gift .
however the strings did not last very long .
i absolutely love it .
the little carrying case is very nice also .
also , the thought of listening to a ukulele was not something i relished .
she loves her ukulele .
for a beginner - this is a great combo set .
she ca n't wait to take it to her performing arts camp this summer .
it comes with it 's own bag and travels very well .
she even took it on our disney cruise and played for the talent show .
great value for anyone looking to pick up this instrument .
just wished it came with earplugs !
it 's a nice little ukulele and great for the price .
it has a good tone and feel .
however , the case does absolutely nothing .
i would have loved it but the strings were n't real .
what a great package comes with a perfect case and instructions to help you learn
i have purchased three of these for my adult kids .
it is a nice beginner set and it was a lot of fun..
case is flimsy but its great to start off with .
book and cds are great tools .
good enough for a young child .
good product , fast delivery !
the book is not super helpful but everything else is great .
the strings will stretch for a while .
the case is a joke .
for what it is , it suffices .
great purchase for the price .
birthday present for my wife , gon na learn to play it myself .
seems like good quality , not a toy
we 've enjoyed the instrument .
it 's a good starter piece .
i bought this for my daughter and she loves it !
good cheap ukulele ; got what i ordered .
i never know what to get my brother-in-law .
its my baby uku . !
for the price and what you get .
bought this for a seven year old for her birthday .
best gift ever , and the price is right .
product as described , thank you .
my grandson is very happy with his new uke !
i love it , thanks so much..
lots of fun learning a new instrument .
perfect ukelele for a beginner .
it is a very nice beginners instrument .
the learning disc and book are both very helpful .
the ukelele does fall out of tune easily though .
very nice for the price .
i brought this for my 10 year old daughter .
she loved this ukulele ; it was easy to play and hold .
for the price , material and speed of service .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
1. this is a real uke .
but rest assured , there is nothing not a ukelele about this product .
2. this uke is the proper size .
this is a soprano uke .
it is the smallest style of uke .
it is a normal , soprano sized uke .
most people likely wanted a concert size uke .
if that is what you want , buy a concert size uke .
this is a soprano .
3. this uke will stay in tune .
you will find it goes out of tune quickly .
when that happens , tune it .
tune it again and again .
this is part of playing music .
even if its every minute or so , this is normal .
it gets better i promise .
any instrurment has to be `` trained '' to stay in tune .
so this product specifically , how is it ?
at the price i got it for its perfect .
49 is too much , but 37 was good .
what your getting is a perfectly normal soprano uke of budget quality .
you wo n't notice unless your really looking for it .
soprano 's are great for price and portability .
some people prefer a richer sound that comes from a concert .
this is n't the fault of the uke its just how the insturment is .
you 'd have this problem with any soprano uke .
its been a blast .
i 've really enjoyed this product .
its a cheap uke .
i wo n't dispute that .
but that 's what most people want starting out .
and you likely will , eventually , want a higher quality uke .
but that is pretty much true of every instrument ever .
the book is cool .
getting into an instrument always requires patience and dedication .
if you give it time , it will give you music .
quick shipment item is perfect !
my grandson loves his ukulel .
very nice for the money .
does not come pre-tuned .
excellent starter package at good price .
the uke was of good quality for a starter
good for a beginner the strings are a kind of cheap .
this is a complete starter kit .
the ukulele is well-made .
you will have to learn to read music ( they show you how ) .
you will have to learn the chords ( they show that too ) .
as always , it is a matter of practice and more practice .
oh , and did i mention practice ?
perfect for first timers .
yes , nylon strings require lots of tunning .
there 's an app or 20 for that .
once we dialed it in , its been nothing but good fun .
this was bought for a gift .
the set arrived promptly and in good condition .
my daughter was delighted with it and began learning and practicing immediately .
my child loved it .
she was playing a song by the end of the day .
very easy to follow and learn .
great product for the price
uke made in china but seems to be fairly well made and good starter .
for a beginner this has everything you need .
great for the beginner ...
granddaughter was really excited when she opened this !
arrived as scheduled , really nice , was purchases as a gift .
it 's ukulelishly adorable , and it actually has a decent tone .
thanks , israel kamakawiwo'ole , for making it cool .
everything you need to start your lessons !
i did add a tuner which came in very handy .
our 7 year old grandson was very pleased with it .
it came awesome , just as expected and in the right time .
i am enjoying my ukulele .
i had one a long time ago .
it came with a good teaching book with a cd and a dvd .
i did purchase a tuner from amazon , which works swell .
i am learning to play already .
it is fun to play .
it is a good way to learn to play .
the ukulele works and sounds good and it is great for the price
we got this for my husband just before christmas .
depending on the situation of course .
given as a christmas gift to my 12 yr old daughter .
she & i play guitar .
was worth my $ to me .
ordered this last , got it first !
good bought for xmas gift
i got it as a gift and he loves it .
the kit is worth the money
my daughter wanted this to learn ukulele on her own .
a good musical investment that is easy to learn and understand .
she does not read music but still learned to play with this .
my son loved it !
may change to steel strings .
my daughter is now an overweight hawaiian man !
it looks a little bit fragile and that is concerning .
my husband got this for me as a birthday present .
but , for a beginner , i would not trade it .
looks great and plays great !
my son complained about tuning difficulties .
great for a kid !
have n't open this yet .
i 'm even writing my own songs now .
great product and great price .
i think a pick should have been included with this .
great product , i love it , arrived as expected
my new ukelele is awesome !
it 's a great starter kit for those who want to learn .
the ukulele is very nice and sounds very good
bought for a child 's present .
very good quality for little ones to learn to play .
after researching , i decided to go with this set because of the price !
anyways i 've had it now for 4 months and i still love it .
my granddaughter loved it !
taught herself to play in a week .
uke is a quality instrument .
very happy with this purchase .
not saying i 'll ever play in public , but i 'm having fun !
cute little ukulele , just what my daughter wanted .
my boyfriend loved this kit !
i would definitely recommend this to family and friends !
my daughter plays it and it has a very good sound .
i would recommend it .
this is a great starter uke !
my son loves it ! !
great inexpensive starter kit to see if you 'll get into ukelele playing .
this little cheap uke is n't a bad starter ukelele at all .
in fact , it surprised me with its distinct `` plunky '' sound .
i love it strings were lose as a goose but i fixed
the only downside is that it does n't stay tuned for very long .
we always have to go and re-tune it , which can be frustrating .
great shipping time and ukulele
my son plays it everyday
it 's not too hard
it is simple and tiny .
we gave it as a gift and he is playing often .
this worked out great .
it 's not a high quality instrument .
but , it 's only $ 30 !
overall , great for starters who have an interest in playing ! !
little small but i got it for my son to learn how to play .
he is very happy with it .
this is a great starter kit ! !
great starter ukulele comes with everything ,
this was a wonderful purchase !
i got it for my sons 9th birthday a year and a half ago .
he has been playing it regularly ever sense .
it is easy to learn from the dvd and book that comes with it .
it sounds quite nice and has held up under much use .
always loved the sound of a good uke .
i never played an instrument before so i was ready for failure .
it 's been 5 weeks and i can comfortably play 15 different chords .
i 've never had so much fun and i highly recommend this package .
bought this as a gift and was happy with my purchase .
great sound for such a small instrument .
well worth the price .
my 16 year old grandson loves it .
the lessons are pretty easy to understand and straight forward .
practice practice practice ; it is not a tough instrument to learn .
thank you , naomi p .
this uke has become one my prized possessions and i absolutely love it .
this is probably the best purchase i have ever made for myself .
i am really happy with this started pack .
it has everything you need to start learning ukulele .
i enjoy learning to play ukulele on my own .
it is fun and a different learning exp
we learned to play thanks to this kit .
the real jewel in the crown 'tho is the instruction book .
it 's not the kits fault .
i am just not too good at making music .
i later bought a xylophone & have much better progress .
this product is good fpor someone who wants to play the ukuele .
i am too lazy .
the xylophone is easier for me .
for this price this ukulele is amazing .
the bag should be replaced but every thing in the package is great quality .
it comes with an extra set of strings which is helpful .
made my grandson very happy !
i loved it ! !
it is cute and good to play .
but i have to adjust tune for several times in one day .
my husband wanted this for christmas .
this is a great package for beginners .
2. the ukelele : the ukelele looks and feels decent .
it has a sticker that says made in china .
it comes pre-strung but it is out of tune .
since the string is nylon , i gave it a chance to settle .
it could be that the string included is a cheap one .
but after 1 song , you have to tune it again .
i could see this improving more as the ukelele gets used more .
that is an easy fix .
each song have a chart on which chord you will use .
this is a great price for the package .
my wife was wanting this for her birthday and this was a great price .
the instrument is well crafted for the price and tuning it was a breeze .
they also included a cd and dvd to walk her through it as well .
you can always trade up later .
i bought this ukulele a few years ago as my first ukulele .
i eventually put some aquila strings on it and it sounded pretty good !
all ukes sound different and i think it 's just a matter of preference .
overall , i recommend this uke to anyone starting out .
i got one for my boyfriend and one for me to learn together .
he 's done well picking up the different strumming methods .
the dvd is easy to follow and very helpful .
if you do n't get it , rewind .
i am very happy with this purchase .
great value for a decent ukulele !
the gig bag is n't very good , but i ca n't complain .
i have n't used the cd yet .
this was a great beginning kit !
not the highest quality , but a great starter instrument with a good price .
for a true beginner , i found the dvd especially helpful .
for the price , the package exceeded my expectations and has been fun .
you get what you pay for and this is no exception .
i love the book with the dvd and cd .
it was a great deal for what i paid .
i used utube video to tune it .
i love using it and am ready for the next level .
highly recommend this ukulele .
this came in quickly with all the needed components .
for the money , it 's a great beginner instrument .
i would definitely recommend this to others !
it 's really nice !
good for any level learner .
i would n't ask for a better handbook or manual .
this was a present for my fickle daughter .
i know nothing about these instruments .
the strings are plastic .
on regular guitars , metal strings are used .
but for the price , this was perfect for a beginner !
its sturdy wood and all the material and instructional dvd are nice .
makes it a lot easier to learn .
purchased this as a christmas gift for my fiance .
definitely the best purchase i 've made yet .
i am trying to learn to play for my granddaughters .
has everything to start out with in this starter pack .
the first one arrived without the cd 's .
this is great if you want to learn the ukulele .
i would recommend this to anyone who would love to learn how to play .
bless you , alfred .
learn a new stringed instrument !
it hurts the fingers and stimulates the brain !
all the tuning and the chords are here .
i ca n't wait to dig into the cd 's and learn the rest !
i wanted something cheap and easy for beginners .
this one was perfect for me .
my son loved it .
spent hours learning instead of playing xbox .
good quality and easy directions all a plus
daughter loves it and carries it around everywhere she goes .
i on the other hand thought it was a very nice package .
definitely worth the price !
the ukulele is small but so appropriate for first time users !
must get for a potential musician : ) .
within 1 day music was pouring from my son 's room .
reasonably priced and great sound !
go for it ! !
bought this ukuele for my 13 year old son .
it is definitely not an instrument for someone looking for a long term commitment .
for beginners , and for the price it is a winner .
they do n't know anything about stringed instruments or nylon strings .
you have to keep tuning it until the strings stretch .
it only took me about half an hour .
these people just do not know how to read .
it is a great buy though , considering the price .
i highly recommend this product .
easy to follow steps and directions .
a carrying case and extra strings are a definite bonus .
besides that , everything is great !
i lost my husband !
what a revolting developement this is eh ?
nice product for the price .
this is a really nice little instrument .
my only gripe is the nylon strings .
not that they are bad , only i prefer steel .
the manual and dvd and cd were good to have .
really fun for beginners !
i would recommend for any beginner or intermediate looking for quality and affordability !
my child loves this !
i bought this for my 87 year old father .
it is a very nice instrument and he was very pleased with it .
arrived quick , great quality , came with instruction booklet and carrying case .
was a christmas gift and the recipient loved it .
it 's the perfect starter for my beginner daughter .
they love them and are having a great time learning together .
this is a nice quality instrument for a beginner .
they began to play it almost immediately .
instructional booklet very helpful .
made a wonderful gift !
my son loves it ! !
good quality , not expensive and comes with everything you need to start .
great product my kid is having a lot of fun with it .
she is learning a lot .
i love this inexpensive complete starter pack .
it has everything that a uke beginner is looking for .
i recommend the starter pack to anyone looking for a good and affordable set .
i could see a beginner worried that it always sounds funny .
it would be nice if the song book included hawai ` ian songs .
this is , after all , a pretty hawai ` ian instrument .
i bought this as a christmas gift for my daughter .
so cute and easy to carry around .
it is the perfect size !
i did recommend this to a friend .
no broken strings etc ... i do suggest getting the auto tuner .
awesome starting kit for uke players .
all in all this can get the beginners into playing .
can you do something about it .
my son has been waiting for it.. thanks and god bless !
only thing missing was a pick or two .
perfect for my 7-year-old son who decided he wanted to take ukulele lessons .
the sound is very good and the size is perfect for a child .
i really ca n't understand how i got this for this price .
the book it comes with is wonderful on it 's own .
it 's a cheap ukulele , yes .
it 's pretty decent though .
it has pretty good sound though and is easy to tune .
good value for starters .
i figured if i really liked it i could buy a better ukulele .
i am ordering a better instrument and going to buy more books .
this package was exactly what i was looking for .
i purchased this ukulele simply because it was cheap and came as a pack .
i have n't had any issues with any aspect of this instrument .
stretch those strings out !
you can either buy a tuner or download one onto your smartphone .
i have an android phone and downloaded the app gstrings .
i ca n't wait to start learning how to play .
my biggest complaint are the strings .
they are nylon and tend to have a very muted sound .
i even took it to hawaii on a semi-spontaneous vacation !
my brother love it very much .
he play it everyday .
that is a real lukulele , not a toy .
i chose for the pricing .
good place to start .
will move up as i progress .
the quality of the instrument is sufficient for my needs .
i purchased this for my sister who has now taught herself to play .
the ukulele is well made for beginners to intermediate players .
it 's pretty sturdy and the sound is good once tuned .
it came with everything it was supposed to and was shipped very quickly .
one was tuned and placed in my hands and i immediately named it .
i was so happy , engrossed and transported .
this is uke is great for me .
having a lot of fun .
the ukulele is great if you are just learning the basics .
as far as the instruction book goes , it worked well for me .
i particularly liked how it showed different strums you can use .
i play lots of instruments and wanted to learn the ukulele over the summer .
good quality for the price , girlfriend and her daughter love it .
i would recommend this sight to others .
thanks for the great deal
got this to get started playing the ukelele before i visited the amazon rainforest .
't is perfect for their small hands , and mine .
get it , use it , live it , love it .
i like it very much lol
the instructions for playing the chords are simple and clear .
i recognize most of the songs and are easy to play .
only problem is the strings .
sting one ... play 's `` dead '' meaning it will not stay in-tune .
this is a great little ukulele kit .
has everything you need .
you will be singing and strumming in no time .
bought this for my 3-year old daughter .
it is light weight and small enough for her to handle .
produces a good sound too
very reasonably priced and the product arrived within the week .
he really enjoyed it till he sat on it and broke it .
only problem he really had with it was tuning it .
i am having a blast learning to play this ukulele ! !
i would suggest this for all ages !
this produce was great .
the uke seems great .
i would suggest purchasing the electronic tuner .
it was harder to tune than i figured .
the ukulele is very good quality i highly recommend it
when it arrived in the mail it was in my arms 24/7 .
overall it met my expectations by teaching me how to play the ukulele .
my son is 15 and is loving the ukulele .
this item is well made and is with standing a beating .
it appears to be very complete and it wo n't empty your pocket book
the ukulele was just what i wanted .
it came with a book and extra strings .
i enjoy playing it .
i would recommend this product .
it is a well assembled pack , perfect for learning and beyond .
i gave this to my wife for her birthday .
she practices with the book every night .
the dvd is fine and the case is what you would expect .
i bought this for my daughter who wanted to learn to play .
i got it only 2 days after i ordered it !
we have n't used the dvd .
the internet is much easier .
this has been fantastic for teaching myself the ukulele .
i have n't needed to change the strings and it 's still looking good .
so i just learned from youtube vidoes and also music sheets online .
the item and content are great - just not great for a little kid .
still takes practice and work ... i will learn it and love it
this set was better than expected ! ! !
the ukulele is professional quality & the sound is really good .
all the accessories that came with it was an added bonus .
can not say enough good things about it !
would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn to play !
i received it earlier than stated .
it had everything it said that it was supposed to have .
but again it is a great product .
now to learn how to play !
later when i have achieved more experience and talent , i can upgrade .
hint-get the snark sn-6 ukulele tuner .
but for learning the uke.. it really ca n't be beat .
it 's a perfect learning instrument .
there are better uke 's on the market ... those are for pro 's .
this is a starter unit .
frist thing is how to tune the ukulele
too early to say i have learned to play at this stage .
who can be stressed playing a ukulele !
my girlfriend thinks its sexy and its a good beach uke
for the price , i am surprised at how nice it is .
the carrying case is garbage so toss that and the rest is pretty nice .
can i play yet ?
nope , not even close .
i am having a great time learning the uke .
it reminds me of hawaii everytime i plink away at it .
everything i need to learn to play the ukulele was included in the box .
let the learning begin !
like the other reviews the strings are cheap and stretch a lot .
i should have popped for a martin though .
she absolutely loved it .
was a gift for my husband and he loved it .
it is quite simple to follow and the dvds are definitely very helpful .
overall i 'm happy with this .
easy to learn with cd .
still learning and having fun with it .
entertaining my nieces wth sing alongs
the book and instrument are just fine for a beginner .
this kit has everything you need , and the uke sounds great !
easy instructions and good tuning cd to come with it .
the expression of journey 's music comes out very well with this piano book .
this ukulele is fine for me .
it is a good starter as i am just 15 months into playing guitar .
the dvd is very easy to folllow and challenging with play along songs .
keep it in tune , it is a beautiful sound .
this is a really great starter kit and the price was right .
also , the ukelele is sooo cute !
other than those two things it seems fine for a beginnner .
as i was playing my ukulele i thought i need to share this review .
now that i can play decently , i still find this uke sufficient .
overall , the quality surprises me for what i paid for it .
i hope other beginners and casual uke lovers find this review helpful .
the entire package is well worth it !
i would recommend for anyone who wants to start playing .
this is a nice ukele to start with .
it brings all you need to start having fun .
decent construction for the price .
i would recommend for beginners and those careful with their belongings .
everything we needed to learn to play .
looks good and reasonable price ; firebrand is the brand on the instrument itself .
comes with a detailed book , cd and dvd .
nice way to introduce someone to playing the instrument .
i was n't expecting much from this really - the price is very in-expensive .
but i was pleasently pleased to see the quality of the ukulele .
great present - books and cd 's included for easy learning .
it was a gift , and i would recommend getting a tuner .
other than that it was a great starter kit for a beginner .
not the top of line , but great product for the price !
it is quite simple to follow and the dvds are definitely very helpful .
my daughter has wanted a ukulele for a long time .
this fit the bill perfectly for a beginning ukulele player .
came in a timely manner , instruction book is very clear .
ukelele looks adorable and durable .
strings are plastic , just in case you were wondering .
came in a box , just as described .
i am 72 years old -- have never played a string instrument .
this ukulele is so much fun -- i am having a ball .
so much fun that i ordered 6 for my grown children for christmas .
can not wait to show them that an old dog can learn new tricks !
this item was bought for a friends 14 yr old son .
the `` teach yourself to play '' was a plus .
let me start by saying that this is a fantastic product .
the uke : it 's fine !
if you 're prepared for this , it wo n't be too frustrating .
after a day or 2 , it was fine .
the book & dvd ( i used them together ) : fantastic !
perfect for a true beginner .
overall , this is a great product !
so i purchased this set for him for his birthday .
it 's very nice for a beginner .
my daughter loves it !
many easy songs for a newbie ( only had 12 lessons ) .
if you like journey 's songs , you 'll like this .
great for a beginner or intermediate level player .
sounds adequately like the original journey songs .
makes me feel like i 'm better than i am .
the songs are great .
i bought this book for a fmaily member and they were delighted with it .
really , what more could you ask for at this price ?
i 've always wanted to try out the ukulele , and now i can .
give it a try !
this was a good starter pack , especially for the price .
so i had to buy another pick .
the strings to tend to get out of tune quickly .
it seems to be the same string that goes loose in 2-3 days .
at the deal-of-the-day price it was a downright steal .
perhaps better quality strings would work better .
but a nice little instrument for a beginner , or for taking camping !
the book was unexpectedly high quality .
( have n't watched the video yet )
i bought this ukulele kit for my 10 year old granddaughter and she loves .
she has been using the chord chart in the book and various websites .
most of what she is playing are from popular , fun songs by ear .
the instrument itself seems very cheap .
it is a dull brown with no grain and looks like pressboard .
i do wish there was some kind of electronic tuner included .
the tuning method for a ukelele is very different than a guitar .
it is a unique instrument in jr. high .
i 'm thinking about getting a mandolin for her next .
i have been considering picking up the uke for about a year now .
overall , i agree with some of the previous posters .
get used to it .
it just takes time and repetition - but is sooo worth it .
the ukukele sounds beautiful to me .
the product was exactly as described and even better than i imagined .
i would highly recommend !
i bought this for my 9 year old nephew .
i played the dvd and followed along .
i am offically hooked on the ukelele !
i am keeping it for myself and will probably order another for nephew .
i 'm hoping it will be a good transitional instrument to the guitar .
this uke is a great beginner instrument .
got here is reasonable time !
you just have to work with it !
good for the price , and the book is quite helpful !
first of all , i 'm really impressed by the quality of the instrument !
it 's a very solid little thing and puts out plenty of sound .
another reviewer mentioned that the strings slip .
tune it at least once a day if you can .
this starter pack is a seriously amazing deal .
was easily able to work around it .
i 've been studying classical guitar for 2 1/2 years .
the a-frame makes playing a lot more comfortable .
i 'm able to sit upright when i 'm playing .
when i used a foot stool i slouched over .
it 's a one-time buy ; do n't pass it up .
an investment that will save your back as you age .
my guitar a-frame support is exactly what i needed for my guitar !
i can literally play sitting anywhere .
so simple yet so essential .
it is just what i wanted and needed .
super quick delivery , item as described
it 's pretty easily adjustable .
this is the one to get .
this guitar stand works exactly as advertised .
there is also a demonstration video available on youtube .
but boy , was i wrong .
the instrument in general is easily to learn , but hard to master .
it is very easy to install and remove .
and most importantly i get the right support in a variety of chairs .
this guitar support is an excellent product .
bought it sight unseen and it turned out to of excellent quality .
this is a major advantage over the other guitar supports .
this is a major advantage over the other guitar supports .
just got this today .
it 's very adustable , compact and easy to store .
it 's exactly what i was hoping for .
it 's an excellent deal .
this is a neat little instrument .
i would definitely recommend getting the `` how to play '' book .
really fast shipping and exactly what i expected .
i then purchased a feadog d tinwhistle , and did very well .
both are appropriate and beautiful for irish music , and celtic music in general .
i am very pleased with this tinwhistle - and glad i stuck with it !
great for fun and civil war reenacting .
so glad this product is available .
otherwise the two use an identical design .
i ca n't believe guitar center does n't carry anything like it .
now that i 've tried it i 'm thrilled and relieved .
thank you so much .
this a frame was absolutely amazing as well as compact and portable .
it gives you more freedom to adjust it to a certain position .
where have you been all my life ?
this should be standard for all classical players .
( get the cheaper one though . )
no more pain finally !
no more with this amazing support !
plus the support folds in when i put away my guitar on its stand .
thank you for making this !
pure and simple awesomeness !
i like the way they are so adjustable .
the a-frame classical guitar support is everything i 'd hoped-for .
the service on this was also outstanding .
this is carolinda at troubadour music , the seller .
i am trying to figure out what is happening in your case .
we have never encountered a '' snapping '' noise on any instruments here .
you are welcome to return the the changer for a refund of course .
our teenager requested a pennywhistle for christmas .
he played it almost all afternoon , and loves the sound .
plays in-tune and is a nice product for the price .
the penney whistles were exactly as advertised and arrived in a very timely manner .
firemen are my hero 's and vets too .
oak really knows how to make a good product !
the whistle is perfect !
i actually play it more than my d now !
i 'd buy it again .
this tin whistle is great .
alright , i have played the recorder before , but not much .
and i am a beginner .
more for playing reels if you will .
youtube has some excellent comparison videos where you can hear the difference .
very high quality whistle .
very nice to play .
no rough edges on the holes or the body .
very handsome as well .
black mouthpiece on shiny , plated brass .
not as easy to play for a beginner as the clarke , though .
its great for that , its simple and the sound is very full .
i 'd recommend it if you wanted the instrument for the sound .
all in all , its great .
very beautiful to look at .
lost somewhere by deliverer .
promptly and politely replaced by retailer .
this unit has a very nice tone .
i have a clarke sweetone and the oak classic is noticeably cleaner sounding .
i am just starting to learn so ca n't really comment much on playability .
four stars for possible note challenges yet to be confirmed .
great whistle , comes with chord chart too .
i watched an episode of star trek where captain picard played a pennywhistle .
i decided to give it a try .
it 's fun to play and fairly simple .
after two months i 'm still having fun learning various songs .
clean , clear sound and fun to play .
this is my second oak d whistle , always good to have a spare .
indestructible and easy to use , came quickly .
i 'm very satisfied and i have had fun with it .
was delivered within a week or so .
heft and feel is great .
nice sound comes from it .
i hope someday i can play as beautiful as this pennywhistle looks .
bought this for a friend as a gift for christmas and she loves it !
she uses it all the time -- no complaints .
just a great little whistle .
i have a wide assortment of whistles but no oaks .
like the feadog it 's better than most all un-tweaked generations .
11 bucks well spent and my 8 year old has his very own whistle .
good way to start !
the look of this whistle are amazing .
the mouthpieces are perfect .
just as described and shipped on time .
the whistle plays great and i would for sure buy it again .
pretty -- though it does n't look wooden !
i 've bought several d tin whistles in the sub-fifteen dollar price range .
the sound / tone is classic .
i 'm quite satisfied .
i find it easy to play .
the small pamphlet that comes with the whistle is minimal at best .
the shipper could send it in a better package , though .
i was amazed that it arrived in one piece .
you 'll be glad you did !
graham 's writing and presenting style are excellent .
this book answers many questions as to the why and how of bowen therapy .
five stars are not enough for either !
i love the assessment piece that has been missing from my training . ''
you need to read this book if you are serious about bowen .
you wo n't be disappointed .
this is a good uke for a great price .
my 16 yr. old granddaughter was thrilled to receive this gift .
she has been playing it nonstop since receiving for christmas !
it has been truly well received .
with the cd and dvd and book - it works together perfectly .
a hit all around !
i got this as a valentine 's day gift to help me relieve stress .
i even use him to help teach piano .
i know i will be !
4 stars indicates this item met ( but did not exceed ) my expecations .
the geared tuners hold the tune well .
the fretboard is straight .
( very easy to do after watching a video online ) .
the new strings definitely improved the instrument sound .
really would like to learn to play a guitar .
thanks for your help .
the idea behind this product is genius !
and is the reason i give it 5 stars .
but seriously $ 50- $ 75 ? ?
it 's a piece of plastic !
all you 're doing is delaying the actual learning process .
why not just start by playing the actual chord .
`` but the strings hurt my fingers ! ''
those calluses to guitarists are like a toolbelt to the carpenter .
and wants to pony up the dough to do so .
if thats the case , i beleive its the perfect product .
practice , practice ... practice and good luck
you can play tons of songs by just using this little thing .
this was bought for my daughter who wants to learn to play the guitar .
it has been fun and very helpful in getting her started .
it was a real pleasure to deal with the seller as well .
bought for my hubby .
i bought this so he would play more wo his finger tips bothering him .
hes played a guitar for about 50 years and says its the real deal .
he loves being able to hold a button down instead of the guitar strings .
my house will be filled w music again
the instructional dvd is very helpful .
the digital tuner is a great bonus .
there are 2 different types of chord buddys .
perry explains it all in his youtube channel search chord buddy
my husband seems to be enjoying
easy to install on guitar .
after 2 days , playing the major chords without the tool !
very happy with this purchase !
great product ... thanks to shark tank ... .
my daughter really wanted this as she recently decided to learn the guitar .
and she loves it !
already started playing what a great system !
great product i 'm learning to play .
will be amazing if they can incorporate them somehow .
gave as a gift and she really liked it .
got here quicker then expected !
helpful , give it a try , if you are a beginner guitar player
seems simple , , , we will see
saw this item on shark tank tv show and had to have it
i 'm thrilled with this system for learning guitar .
i 've always wanted to learn but felt learning chords was daunting .
he is learning right along side me .
we are really enjoying doing this together .
the chord buddy has made this easy and affordable .
i 'd recommend this to anyone that wants to start out .
a good 'quick-fix ' for someone wanting to play the guitar quickly .
iv learned several songs and seriously show off to my friends .
wish you had more chord options id give you 5 stars .
possibly an idea for the future
this has helped me so much in learning how to play the chords with ease
the idea of this guitar learning system is great .
if this review is helpful be sure to let me know !
fender fa 100. went on easily .
stayed and does exactly what it should .
played my first song about 10 minutes after i started .
i do n't know neck sizes , but this fender one is smaller .
omg i love this product ! ! !
thank you so much .
i really like chord buddy !
easy to install and played a song within 5 minutes !
bought this for my wife to learn .
i started using it and now prefer it .
so easy and so much fun .
my 5 year old is quickly catching on .
my wife is using it to learn to play .
she has always quit before but now is playing songs .
lots of fun and very easy to play ... thanks chordbuddy
really works for this beginner !
as good as factory maybe some better but worth the money
i have n't use it anymore .
ca n't believe this little gem .
she has learned to move between most chords quickly and without difficulty .
also , the instruction materials that come with the system are great .
it has been a big help .
my husband loves it .
if you are thinking about it - do it .
easy to set up and to use !
i love this and it really works !
great learning aid ! !
play in one day !
just have to commit to using it
we ca n't used our guitar do n't fits into the piece .
great product , makes learning much easier.can play songs in the first few minutes
easy to follow , great purchase .
great way to learn guitar
shipped fast and is a great package deal
now i need to practice
this allows her to be able to play and get strumming down for now .
not made real well but it is o.k .
waiting to hear the results
it is a christmas present .
i feel that the old one is a good one .
that is why i bought this one early .
wonderful product confident with learning songs in book in a day
great product for beginners that want to learn guitar .
otherwise get a teacher .
seems easy to use .
very good novelty and entertaining piece .
but not for serious learning .
works great and easy to understand
i received my chordbuddy .
it is a very unique product .
i have arthritic hands and am unable to make the chords .
i have not played in 60 years .
i found this at amazon .
it works as it says it will .
i would recommend it anyone .
i just play and sing for pleasure .
for someone who thought they could not play anymore it is great .
i like the system .
i can start playing immediately
i 've been struggling learning chords and strumming .
she commented that it 's great for older people who have developed some arthritis .
good product , good price , fast delivery !
did n't work real good sold on ebay
this is amazing ! !
we went through nearly the entire book ! !
easy to use ! !
we will recommend this to everyone ! !
they did a great job with this product
just started the dvd and was playing 'chords ' that same night .
i saw this on shark tank and immediately purchased it .
i was playing instantly ! !
easiest , most encouraging way to learn the guitar
great , great , great product ! !
easy to use and great instructions .
learn to play songs fast with this product
the chordbuddy is awesome !
i am very musically inclined but with small hands musically challenged .
after seeing a commercial i thought i would give it a whirl .
i bought a cheap yamaha acoustic guitar and ordered a chordbuddy .
i learned it quite fast .
only 4 chords , 4 buttons .
i scoured the internet for 3 and 4 chord songs and found many .
i found strumming was just natural for me knowing music so well .
if you have a good ear for music , strumming patterns will come naturally .
so i invested in a zager ez play zad20 guitar .
they are hand made in nebraska .
i have ordered replacement pads and booties from the great people at chordbuddy.com .
they are so nice and always helpful .
the sharks do n't invest in crap .
it works believe me .
all just those 4 chords .
i would n't hesitate to go anywhere and play if asked .
can i suggest zager ?
hey , have fun with it .
making music is heavenly .
it will bring you joy i promise !
the device actually seems to work .
it reignited my daughter 's interest in guitar .
i have bought many books and this is the best .
it helps keep you motivated .
works pretty good , my wife asked for this .
i 'm a professional guitarist and she is a singer .
she always wanted to play guitar but claimed she was not able to learn .
chord buddy did exactly as advertised , instant guitar .
she learned a few songs and learned how to strum etc .
but you still have to practice .
bought for my husband to learn , and it 's working .
easy to learn , good quality
it really work 's , i can play the guitar again .
i was curious as to how the chord buddy would work .
shortly thereafter i was playing labamba .
not as easy as stated .
but i will keep trying
i have however leared the buttons with the correct fingers .
my only problem is the strumming rythem .
i would suggest this product to anyone
the device seemed to work fine .
you can actually play songs that are recognizable very quickly .
this device presses down strings at the same time .
however at least you will know what the cord is suppose to sound like .
looking forward to learning all the chords .
just what my granddaughter needed to help her reach all the strings .
my husband loves this !
my grandson who is learning to play guitar , loved it .
especially , the song book .
its ok but does n't complete back off a chord as well as it should
this was my favorite christmas gift of all !
best thing ever for beginning guitar players .
works great , fantastic product .
great ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
thank you tyler perry for a great invention .
god bless , larry k. kiss on entertainment
i bought this for my husband for christmas .
my experience was great initially .
chord buddy is a fun way to learn to play the guitar .
the green tab kept getting stuck .
returning though hope to purchase another for myself .
chord buddy is worth purchasing .
the song only has three cords in the entire song .
so , i got my guitar and installed the cord buddy per the instructions .
i hope this suggestion helps .
it did take a while to get the unit installed properly .
and i removed two of the rubber feet to prevent buzzing strings .
having done those two things , all of the buttons are playing perfectly .
now for the hard part - making sure i practice regularly !
my daughter is learning how to play guitar with the chord buddy !
what an awesome product to learn guitar : )
i think that it is a good product .
this product had my 5 year old nephew playing songs in 10 minutes .
i 've played for 30 years .
love the cord buddy , play nice sounds within minutes .
unfortunatley i broke it after week trying to adjust it .
i am so happy what great customer service .
i played my first two songs today ! !
i really like my chord buddy .
i feel like i can really play my guitar when i use it !
great product and fast shipping
so easy to use , love it !
pretty awesome cheat to learn how to play !
not for classical guitar i was so sad to have to return it !
i put it on this morning and im playing ! ! !
ok there are drawbacks .
the construction could be stronger .
maybe if it was made of metal ?
i would buy a second if it was made better .
but i just sung amazing grace and accompanied myself .
at 44 i never did that and always wanted to. ! ! !
i do n't no what i would of done without it .
who ever invented this thank you .
easy to use that is for sure .
i love this ! !
no way would i ever think i 'd be able to play a song !
instead i 'm able to begin playing it ! !
the chordbuddy exceeded my expectations .
it appears to be an excellent learning tool for beginner guitar players .
i would highly recommend this product to others
i bought this for my son who is learning to play the guitar .
this makes it very simple and is easy to use .
great tool for those of us who never played an instrument before .
i did not get the small rubber feet and had trouble eliminating bad strings .
did not fit on guitar as well as seen on tv .
still trying to figure it out .
a little harder than it seems .
or it was just me .
this came in the time expected and was just like the description .
i am hoping this will get her using her guitar more .
i bought this for my 12 year old daughter .
it does everything it said it does .
i just got the chordbuddy .
if you go to youtube you can get instructions .
you will need to press firmly on the buttons to avoid buzzing strings .
i was also surprised at the quality of the lesson material too .
have fun and strum away !
i believe it will work !
as of yet i have n't given it to her !
i am sure it is going to work for her ... ..thank you .
truly helps you learn to play and sound like a professional guitarist ! ! !
will work with someone with patience ! !
will give to my son as he just bought a guitar .
already i 'm playing like a pro !
i look forward to playing every day now that there is no frustration anymore !
may not work for everyone , with someone know how to play .
i would only recommend if you are buying a standard sized guitar .
thank you so very much !
its a great product easy to use .
this is no magic bullet .
you either got it or you ai n't .
so far i ai n't .
but maybe some day ... ... .
this is the greatest thing happened to a guitar , i love it .
just need a video with more songs thanks
easy to assemble on guitar .
i 'm very satisfied with this product .
best gift ever ! !
this gadget really works .
i could n't believe how good the songs sounded when i used this .
it helped me get started and made me want to continue learning !
this gentleman had a great idea .
i 'm not musically inclined but i have always wanted to play the guitar .
item arrived in good condition fast shipping ! !
this is a great product for those wanting to learn to play ! !
it gives you encouragement to continue to learn.. great item ! !
my hats off to the inventor !
my daughter can actually play the guitar and we all can sing along !
try it , you will love it !
my husband is teaching himself how to play the guitar .
he is enjoying the chord buddy a lot .
he has never known how to play an instrument .
my husband loves the chord buddy .
i love it , i can play more than i ever expected .
even if i do n't ever work my way off of the chord buddy .
my husband and i first saw this product on shark tank .
he loved it and i am amazed at how well it worked !
he has been playing a lot and is getting better and better !
we love the dvd and the way the book is set-up .
it not only tells you when to switch but what color button to press .
love that there are many hymns too .
this tool is worth 5 stars , it 's wonderful .
i like it because even i can make a little music .
thank you for this brilliant aid .
the chord buddy does n't fit well on my guitar .
i do like the song books that came with it .
it works great my 9 year old grandaughter is playing several songs already .
i also have been learning it is fun
i do recommend this product for anybody that 's just starting to play guitar .
thank you chord buddy my new buddy !
david cadena san antonio , tx
i got chordbuddy and a guitar for christmas !
very easy to follow book and dvd .
i 'm half way through them already .
i feel very comfortable using this system to learn !
this is very easy to use .
perfect way to adapt the guitar for her .
my daughter wants to learn guitar sooooooooooo badly !
my aunt saw chordbuddy on shark tank and recommended it .
when she opened it she was soooooo excited !
within minutes she was playing !
my daughter was strumming along on christmas morning .
i am happy with my chordbuddy purchase .
i will recommend it to my friends .
this is a product that has been needed for a long long time .
seriously , get this if you want to learn .
i picked it up amazingly fast and i am really not musically inclined .
it does what it says .
some chords sound great ... others are not too clear .
all in all a fun gadget !
this seems to be a easy way for me to learn
this chord buddy is so easy to use .
i would recommend this to anyone who knows music and those who love it !
there 's even a chord buddy jr for ages 4-8 for aspiring young guitarists .
give yourself the gift of music and order the chord buddy today !
[ ... ] for more information
like anything practice is the key .
item arrived just as described.new in package .
sold in stores for much much more .
great item for beginner or anyone wanting to learn
gave me instant confidence and easy to follow video .
once you put it on , you keep picking guitar up and keep practicing .
makes learning fun with perfect fingering every time .
no more wrong notes .
focusing on strumming techniques ; instructions provided on video !
once perfected it will be an easy transition to learning notes using fingers !
i quickly lost interest , though .
perhaps having the option to download the manual would be better .
i 'm glad i bought it , though .
just hope i use it more and learn more from it .
have n't really had the opportunity to really know what i 'm doing .
he thought it was a great item to get me started .
he has played since childhood and plays well so that impressed me .
easy to use and it works .
the information is well written and practice will have you playing sooner .
happy i bought this .
good way to begin again .
this an awesome product ! !
very easy to install and use .
never thought i 'd ever be able to learn how to play guitar !
saw the episode about this product on shark tank and had to try it .
what a great feeling to be able to provide it .
saw this on shark tank and thought i 'd give it a try .
well made and easy to use .
works great and helps in the learning process .
i have waited a long .long time for this help in learning to play..
will use it soon as i get time .
was recommended by a friend and she loved it .
ca n't wait to use it
i can not believe how wonderful chordbuddy is .
i would recommend this for everyone !
each parent who sees it at my school falls in love with it .
do n't waste time !
i will be playing in no time at all ...
i have tried many times to learn to play the guitar without any luck .
the first night i got this device i was playing a tune .
it has been so much fun to be able to play and sing .
i highly recommend it .
now i 'm playing again .
i would recommend the chord buddy .
would recommend for any age group .
i have been wanting to play the guitar for years .
struggled with chords and finger placements .
this tool really makes playing easy .
the cd and instruction booklet is very user friendly .
working through the lessons and not getting frustrated like i did without it .
having fun playing a few songs .
great product , great buy !
this would be a great tool for the beginning guitarist .
maybe , it would / was fitted to an acoustic before i got it .
you start by learning strumming techniques .
you can then move one key at a time and learn to finger chords .
meanwhile this gets you playing right away .
sometimes i have to adjust it just right so the chords play correctly .
at first i had a challenge .
well , it was worth it .
i sas the inventor on the shark tank sev .
i am very happy with this product !
thank you for your prompt service .
i look forward to learning the guitar and playing songs so quickly .
my husband has played the piano for 58 years !
now he can play the guitar !
it was one of the best purchases i have made in a while .
i purchased the chord buddy after watching the tv show shark tank .
i feel comfortable in my own home/space practicing the guitar .
keep in mind i have never played a guitar in my life .
this is a well made product and the design is just great .
shipped fast and works good .
great for learning tool .
i bought this for my husband for father 's day and he loves it .
it makes learning the guitar a lot easier .
was a bit more fragile than i thought it would be .
not sure how long it will be before it breaks .
i am a beginner and this is helping me learn to play the guitar .
product delivered was exactly what i wanted .
just as pictured with songbook .
great directions and easy to follow .
it is a great tool for older people that want to play the guitar .
very happy with the purchase .
i saw this on the tv show sharks .
it certainly makes playing easier .
get yourself one of these and have some fun .
love it , love it .
my friends think i am taking lessons !
this system was worthwhile .
now i want to learn to play guitar as well .
this was purchased as a gift for a teen age boy .
will probably purchaseanother one in november for a christmas gift .
easy to follow and understand .
my granddaughter says its perfect for any beginner who wants to learn the guitar .
i would recommend to anyone wanting to start playing a guitar .
i am older and my fingers do n't work so well .
i bought the guitar buddy and my husband installed it last night .
when we tried to use it the d chord button kept sliding .
i will buy this product again if i need to .
i really like the chordbuddy .
it works as advertised .
my husband has always wanted to learn the guitar .
this was a gift for spouse .
my kids are still practicing and learning ... thanks chord buddy
this gadget is nice and the books included are nice .
but , it 's good for practicing .
they responding very quickly telling me that both were in the thinking/working process .
no secrets here , it works as described .
i could n't believe that i could actually play a guitar without taking lessons .
within one week she is able to play five songs well .
i am a newbie guitarist and was looking to try this .
the video is a bit cheesy , but i liked the product .
seems sturdy and works good .
i would recommend buying a guitar tuner purchase ! ! !
otherwise this will be worthless !
a little pricey , tho .
now if they would develop one for a ukulele i would be happy too .
once i had this setup correctly , i hit a chord , and smiled .
it works just as its supposed to .
i am just a beginner .
was playing chords within an hour .
very happy with it .
set-up took a little time .
after that i was flying .
easy on the fingers .
the dvd is very helpful .
makes it fun to learn .
should have bought two .
must be dedicated , but a well put together program .
i 'm not far enough along to say much about it yet .
but i do like the fact that i can move at my own pace .
it 's like having training wheels for your guitar .
i purchased this for a student with special needs in my beginning guitar class .
it absolutely did everything i needed it to .
i just got this very nice item !
i higly recomend if you wan na jam as a star !
go for it with out hesitate !
the product arrived intact , and promptly .
i so prefer shopping on amazon as opposed to ebay .
i do recommend actual guitar lessons for anyone trying to learn how to play .
it 's more fulfilling in a classroom setting .
thanks for your services !
i advise anyone to shop with you .
i will say , it does n't fit all guitars .
the chordbuddy is an excellent idea .
it appears they have cheapened the item compared to the buddy on the dvd .
i have trouble with one chord constantly causing a vibration on one string .
i have tried taking pad off and no luck .
claims comes with different depths of pads , but not so .
i just keep adjusting the unit and continue to practice .
the dvd is very helpful and informative .
if you want to learn to play guitar this is the right tool .
within an hour you can start playing songs
started playing songs without any problems as indicated on video .
play my guitar everyday now .
so much fun learning .
he has been practicing ever since and is getting better !
about the chordbuddy ; 1. the instructions were some what easy to learn .
the bigiest problem was teaching rythym , the the struming hand .
we travel around the us and the world .
i take my guitar with me all over the place .
thank you for your invention , i 'm singing and having fun .
are you going to invent a chord buddy for a electric guitar ?
the chord buddy is amazing .
it actually works and is made with quality in usa .
the guy on the video has an awesome teaching style and techniques .
as he suggests , i review the lesson plans on the dvd many times .
he has broken down the learning process in 2 steps .
this the the best way to learn guitar .
i was skeptical but it really does work .
my son really enjoys this practice aid .
easy and clear directions .
this makes learning to play fun .
makes playing easier but have n't transitioned to real chords yet .
have not been practicing as much as i should .
it shipped fast was just perfect was playing guitar in 5 min .
great product good songs to play fit prefect on guitar
it 's pretty sweet .
i am a beginner so the cord buddy is perfect .
it did what it was suppose to .
hard to keep it tuned .
i like it and would recommend it to anyone
( it 's been over year now ) .
because of chordbuddy , i 'm back playing and having a good time again .
this is a great invention for many reasons i.e .
learning guitar and/or rehab .
i have great difficulty playing chords with my left hand .
with this i can strum along with the music they provide .
this is the easiest tool to learn and start playing the guitar .
the inventor really cares and wants you to have fun with this learning system .
i recommend this to anyone that wants to play the guitar .
i am a intermediate player .
i know these chords .
i am getting older and my hands getting slower .
so i bought this to use to save a little on my tired hands .
it was shipped quickly and i recieved it on time .
the chord buddy has helped me a lot .
and hit the road .
( only kidding ) russ
allows one to have a easier approach to learning the guitar .
this is due to your strumming and plucking getting better and pushing harder .
thus a good way to learn the guitar .
i have always wanted to learn guitar , but it was so frustrating !
it 's not perfect .
the instructions are clear and the installation was easy .
no big hurry for that .
i want to say this to travis perry .
you 're the man !
most of all , i 'm having fun with it .
the system of learning is sound but remember to practice daily to get better .
does what it 's advertised to do .
service from perrys music llc was early delivery and packageing was top notch .
thank you , usps and amazon for your great service
my grandson really loved this and is now playing without using it .
he is requesting lesson books now to learn more songs and cords .
helping my son to teach himself to play the guitar .
he says he could n't do it without it !
hi , loved the chord buddy .
i just got a new guitar for christmas .
i am also brand new to playing , and this is very helpful .
i like the beginner cheat method to help me learn .
my husband really liked receiving this for christmas .
thank you to watching the shark tank and learning about the chordbuddy .
that in itself whets his appetite to learn more ... nice idea ...
turns out that it was a great buy .
the chord buddy made it possible for him to enjoy playing again .
he is so happy now .
cons : none so far .
thank you chord buddy for making my husband truly happy again !
the concept is exactly like the wii guitar hero with its color code cords .
thank you , great christmas gift .
my husband as wanted it since it aired on shark tank .
again , thank you for great product .
my daughter just loves how quickly she is learning guitar .
this has made it a very enjoyable process !
what and awesome gift !
the next day , she was playing songs .
i saw this item when it first appeared of the hit t.v .
show `` shark tank '' .
i definietly recommed this product .
i like the ease of introduction to the guitar that chord buddy allows .
i am excited to begin my next lesson !
some of the chords sounds a little off chord .
the dvd has really come in handy .
and he has enjoyed being able to play songs right from the start .
this product does what it is supposed to do .
it provides `` training wheels '' for learning guitar chords .
the unit comes with an adjustable vice screw for different size guitar necks .
it helped me and it is worth the time to review .
the song book is designed to be a progressive learning tool for beginners .
you want precision then buy a bmw .
i was n't playing guitar in 5 minutes .
did n't expect to .
to learn how to play , you must eventually take the training wheels off .
i have other instruction , as well .
how much it helps , check back with me .
if $ 40 is a lot of money , maybe research all options .
if $ 40 is not a lot of money , buy it .
you can google 3 chord songs , ton of them .
this could help you with them and maybe you get lucky .
i 've become an instant guitar player .
the video instructions are clear and helpful in learning the device .
great tool for a beginner .
got it for the wife and she could n't be happier .
this is an amazing product .
we think it would be very helpful to any begging guitar player .
particularly anyone who has handicapped hand/hands .
i believe that is why it was created ...
got it for my oldest daughter for birthday .
she is now learning to play all by her self .
he was so excited to get it !
a little capricious in the fitting
i never used it yet .
but my husband tried it out .he plays in a band with a guitar .
and his comment was , he was amaze on how it let you play .
he said you have to learn where the color are with your finger .
it was a bit awkward for him because he can play a guitar .
but he said it would be great for me to teach me .
the chordbuddy is as good as advertised .
my daughter really enjoys playing with the aide of the chordbuddy .
ever since i was a teenager i wanted to learn how to play .
not really having time to give to lessons as i grew older .
raising a family and devoting time to a career .
no previous guitar experience is necessary , at least i do n't have any .
i find it relaxing learning how to play using the chordbuddy .
i first saw this on shark tank and just had to try it .
dvd is ok , but home- made .
i wish the buttons were marked with what key they were .
works perfectly no issues at all .
price was fairly good .
my son-in-law is enjoying using the product .
my wife loves this thing .
it really does what it is advertised to do .
not trying to write a novel on how good it is .
i would recommend this .
but the product is awesome and helpful as a practice aid .
follow the directions to use correctly .
they should have called chordbuddy the
... ..highly recommend , its quick and easy to install and easy to use .
it is a great product for beginners like me .
i will continune to use and learn with this product everyday
i saw this on shark tank and had to have it .
would recommend to anyone wanting to learn the easy way .
easy to use , instr .
easy to understand just hope it 's durable .
have arthritis and probably not be able to play without it .
easy to install , and worth the price
after purchasing one , i must say that will was right .
that being said , it wo n't teach you to play the guitar .
that 's going to take practice .
but that being said , talk about immediate gratification .
you ca n't go wrong with this product .
in my mind it 's highly recommended .
my mother on the other hand does .
plays the four chords it was intended to play .
other than that , it 's awesome !
this product is helping me learn how to play the guitar .
good quality and service .
the price was right , also
the chord buddy is excellent .
it was a gift for my boyfriend and he could n't be happier .
the item arrived sooner than expected works great !
i love the chord buddy ! ! !
i just ca n't say enough .
if you love music , you will love this ! ! !
i first saw this on shark tank and was immediately impressed .
simply does what it says !
and the accompnaying songbook that comes with it is wonderful .
anyone can play the guitar in less than an hour .
marvelous product and i thank shark tank for featuring it .
otherwise i would never have heard about it .
one of the best value products we 've bought from amazon .
5 minutes into the instruction video we were playing a song .
his teaching method in the video is perfect .
that in itself would have been worth the $ .
my favorite part of owning this is it the instant gratification .
you pickup the guitar and in minutes your playing a new song .
it is a wonderful aid and can help anyone learn guitar as a beginner .
even have my child using it to learn and it makes if fun .
i paid an instructor to learn which did n't work .
i think it is awesome and i 'm having fun learning .
my adult son , with autism , has always wanted to play the guitar .
the videos online and on youtube are dead on .
this is really a great tool to jump start learning the guitar .
i strongly recommend this .
as your mother always said .
`` you still have to practice '' .
and i love that is is made in usa .
i purchased the chord buddy after seeing it on the shark tank .
looked like an easy way to learn guitar .
eventually i gave it a chance .
the dvd is a good bonus .
he guides you thru songs and shows u different techniques of strumming .
just do n't buy this and expect it to be easy .
it 's certainly not , but with a lot of practice u might .
would recommend this product to other people .
very easy to use and makes learning fun .
very happy with this product .
the item came extremely fast and it was nicely packaged .
it included everything that it described and in great condition .
it was everything i wanted to purchase and expected , thank you .
thank you so much !
we saw this item on the show called shark tank .
the chordbuddy was our last straw to learn how to play .
we ( my husband and i ) both played songs within minutes .
the videos were really helpful .
overall , super cool item .
this is just what i was looking for .
thank you for helping bring music back into my life .
it does fit a narrower neck guitar like a fender steel string .
she loved it and wants one for her husband so they can jam together .
absolutely fantastic learning device .
make music 5 minutes after recieving it .
you can not go wrong buying this guitar attachment .
i wish i had had this 20 years ago ...
i , as many others , saw chord buddy on a tv show .
the more i watched the more intrigued i became .
so off to the internet i went to poke around .
found it on amazon at a good price and grab it up .
i have n't been on facebook in a week ! ! ! !
thank you ! ! !
awesome invention , and thank your daughter too !
as the question states , can this be used with a left handed guitar ?
( im trying to load the site but its not working ) thanks : )
chordbuddy works exactly as advertised .
i can pick up my guitar and play with no more frustration !
she likes it very much .
and the price was great .
i think i may finally learn to play the guitar .
he helped me put it on my guitar correctly and tuned the guitar .
now it 's all up to me .
i received it pronto and was pleased with purchase .
eventually will have time to learn from the book and cd ... .
i had rouble reaching red , blue , yellow and blue buttons .
my chord buddy arrived today .
tip : vies travis 's installation video on youtube .
there are a few nuances that help with the install .
installation took me less than five minutes .
i spent more than three hours playing guitar and i had an absolute blast .
tip ; take highlighters and color code the songs .
i saw this on shark tank and loved the concept .
he is an accomplished guitarist , but is having problems with chords .
this helps him make music again until he regains strength in his left hand .
thank you for this wonderful invention !
i wish it was capable of playing more than four chords .
i also hope work is being done on getting one to fit classical guitars .
this is a great product and it works just as advertized .
the only thing that does not live up to expectations is me .
all in all i highly recommend this product .
this product is amazing , simple and fun .
the system really works but you have to dedicate time and lots of practice .
attached to guitar pretty easily and has worked well so far .
this guitar playing aid does function as advertised .
when the company makes other chord groupings available of course playing will be enhanced .
the chordbuddy seems to be reasonably sturdy but like anything it has its limits .
i use it to compensate for lost ability to adequately finger chords .
i can recommend this product .
not quite as fast as we thought it would be .
it , s going to take longer to actually learn to play .
was sent out quickly .
packaging was well done .
we love the chordbuddy and my daughter already wants the other chord add-ons .
just follow the dvd .
if you practice you will learn .
i just did the first part with the dvd and i was very inspired .
all i have to say is that i can play the guitar now !
recommnend it 100 % .
practice , practice , practice is all you need .
i purchased the chord buddy after i saw it on a television program .
guitar playing was too difficult for her .
thank you for the offering of this incredible device !
it does not fit on a junior guitar
first time and never held a guitar before in my life .
i even tucked my kids to bed with me playing the guitar .
my son loves it !
i love it very much .
i bought this for my brother who is turning 6 years old .
the cd is just a bonus !
very good harmonica and easy to learn lessons great value
very nice gift for our grandson .
he was quickly playing it .
the sound was nice .
we hope the instructions will be helpful for him .
helped my husband learn easy !
bought this for my husband to learn to play .
easy to follow instructions .
my grandson was playing within hours of opening .
my aunt loves her gift !
bought as a gift .
great for a beginner .
i am 50 years old just starting out .
in minutes i was playing jingle bells .
easy to read and understand for the young are old .
this was a gift , and the recipient loves it .
i bought this item for my nephew who just recently joined the navy .
he enjoys it so much !
great little book ... sized just right for taking anywhere .
that 's a much-appreciated feature !
195 beatles songs with ukulele chords !
this is everything you could hope for in a uke version .
the chord diagrams are right at the top to review before starting in .
the binding is what you 'd find in a hardback book .
bend it as flat as you ; d like .
you 're probably not going to break it .
the book is laid out to all but eliminate page flipping .
songs that take up two pages start on the left-hand page .
great booki every beatle song ever recorded !
some tricky chords but well worth the price !
i 'm just starting guitar and i love it .
i 'm having fun using this book to both learn and rock
it 's still my go to book for begining students of all ages .
it 's very user friendly .
i highly recommend it .
both phase 1 and 2 are excellent quick-starts for budding guitar players .
i used this book for my guitar class in college .
it 's a great book for beginners .
i think my fingers are too short to play a guitar !
i love the cover on this ! !
wonderful book for beginners ! !
my son is doing great !
good book , learned some things that other material have not explained .
for a beginner this is a good one ! !
my student loves this book .
this books proves to be handy to any self-learner .
the eagle cartoons and illustrations are funny and go straight to the point .
besides , it has an affordable price : )
great book for beginning guitarists .
covers tabs , chords and note reading .
i use it for ages 7-adult .
for a beginner it is kinda tough to follow .
but am getting the hang of it .
perfect book for all age beginners , shipped earlier than expected too .
started to take guitar lessons and this came on the recommendation of my instructor .
it breaks down how to read notes , play chords , and strum .
everything worked out great .
excellent book and very detailed
the price was very very good .
excellent book for beginners i would recommend this book
i have greatly improved since ordering this book .
my instructor uses it when i go for my lesson each week
i have n't learned anything from this book yet .
still waiting for my git to arrive .
i have phase 2 also .
has me rocking out !
these can , t be beat especially for the price .
looks pretty good , but only time will tell .
this book was bought as a christmas present for my oldest son .
my son is taking guitar lessons and needed this book .
he is doing amazing and was extremely happy when his book arrived .
now you just need to practice , practice , practice .
i think this is a great book to use if you are teaching yourself .
it is easy to understand and i think the steps build upon each other .
outstanding on the fundamentals and proper techniques .
this book explains & outlines things as they need to be at this stage .
perhaps the best point is that it is a fun book to go through .
i highly recommend this book and the volume 2 to learn to read music .
it is the perfect launching pad
easy learning and fun !
my kids are playing tunes after just a few days !
would recommend it for any beginner .
my son just started playing electric guitar and has enjoyed this book .
it 's easy but not too easy and he 's doing well .
very good book for begining players .
tought me more than my 120 dollar 8 lessons could have ever done .
plus im not forced to go to class at 48 years old
i have a number of beginner guitar students i am teaching .
this book addresses what most books do n't : technique .
i plan on getting phase 2 for my students as well .
i got this book years ago when i was first learning to play guitar .
well worth it at > $ 10 .
this is a true `` teach yourself '' book .
this is important because learning any instrument can be very frustrating at first .
15 years later i 'm still playing guitar and would highly recommend this book .
i found this book to be a confidence builder .
the large diagrams are very helpful and show the fingering positions without any guesswork .
far exceeds my expectations .
glad i did , works great and use the software often .
it works great with windows 10 and it ` s very user friendly too .
editing and cutting is a snap with audacity .
maybe i 'm missing something here .
audacityaudio recorder and editor is a very good choice : ) !
received in good condition .
it 's free at audacity web site and a newer version .
good recording software and easy to use .
no pop up ads makes it real nice for free .
we love this software !
still had to purchase that tho but price was fair .
highly recommended to all djs
nice violin for the price and for relatively novice violinist while learning .
strings are of poor quality .
i spent about $ 75 to replace all the strings .
the violin sound is rich and vibrant .
; starter music cds , a tuner , and a shoulder/chin rest .
this violin does not come with these previous mentioned items .
the pegs slipped a few times , but i expected that with new pegs .
a gentle push got them to stay in place .
the set includes all the parts that are listed in the description .
everything looks as i expected it to .
overall , i am very surprised and pleased with this violin !
edit : i 've had this violin for over a month now .
the strings have stretched many times due to the humid weather .
the violin itself produces a beautiful , bright sound .
still no discrepancies , and overall i am still pleased with this gift .
i will be using this as my go-to violin during my studying .
after over 6 months of reading i settled on the vif violin .
and i could not be more pleased .
and the craftsmanship was better than what i saw at my local music superstore .
no runs in the varnish .
the finger board was smooth and real ebony .
( not dyed hard wood like other violins in the same price range . )
the piffling is also real inlayed not panted on .
the bow was is much better than i expected .
( no warping or twisting like cheaper bows . )
the case ... it is nice but could be better .
( the only week spot in the set . )
a very good investment for the starter violinist of any age .
also comes with a `` certificate of authenticity '' .
this instrument is well worth the money .
i conducted listening tests and decided it was lackluster .
i ordered the k10 .
my ears were correct .
the srm 450 is just a good speaker , not great .
the mid-frequencies lacked detail which is something on my `` must have '' list .
the srm 450 was very loud and the hf driver had very good dispersion .
the lf driver was mediocre .
watts is not an issue here .
the qsc k8 , k10 , k12 all sound the same .
additional listing indicated the low end bass was tight with much less distortion .
power was ample and the speaker is very very loud .
just to compare everything i hooked up my klipsch 8 '' 2-way bookshelf speakers .
i do n't think klipsch makes pro audio speakers anymore .
too bad because they are great .
i use these home models at home and am very happy with them .
if all you need is lots of volume , either will work fine .
i have been using qsc k10s for close to a couple of years now .
i have thus far been thrilled with the significant sound improvement i have experienced .
the volume and clarity that these 10 '' speakers produce is truly impressive .
one thing that 's great about this 10 '' model is the throw .
i do n't want to downplay the bass response on these though .
signal routing is wildly flexible with the fantastic panel on the back .
just plug a mic , an instrument , and an ipod directly in .
ergonomics are well done too .
knobs and switches are not fancy but easy to operate .
carrying two at once is easy ( 32 lbs .
each ) and saves you a trip back to the car .
the build quality is solid .
after drying out , it did n't happen again .
i have more than once pushed my monitor too hard and reached this threshold .
the signal simply cuts out when the the speaker cone experiences too much travel .
once you readjust the levels , you 're back in business with no issue .
i like this speaker .
un-muddied left hand bass and crisp high notes .
i 'm hearing subtleties in my keyboard that i have n't heard before .
really helps prevent feedback from the condenser mics .
i just order another pair of this babes !
one of the best speakers on the market .
i 'm used to pretty high quality gear .
so i got these mostly because of the good reviews .
i 'm using this as a floor monitor ( not for audience mains ) .
as a monitor , this is great .
compact , light and very portable .
good sound quality and plenty loud .
great loudspeaker for home karaoke .
beautiful , crystal clear sound !
a bit more money then the competition but worth it .
i 'm now a qsc fanboy and proud of it .
this is an excellent karaoke speaker .
the bass is stronger than i expected .
best bang for the buck .
the best on earth , that 's all i can say .
-am a professional musician and band owner .
trust me they are the best on earth !
i own 2 of these , 2 ev elx 115p 's and 2 kw181 .
the 15 's are just to heavy and the handles suck .
these k10 's are fantastic .
specially with the totes .
the main reason i purchased for buying the k10 's .
weight , warranty and size !
the footprint of the k10 's are fantastic !
i bring up the other brands because given the price of these are higher .
try other sites and you might get a deal on these .
best powered speakers i have found .
superb sound and clarity .
solid construction and versatile .
everything stated in specs .
using for keyboard stage monitor .
clear , bright and powerful .
i lov it ! ! !
of sound i get with this speaker .
i would recommend the qsc case too .
the mini-mixer built in the qsc k10 is very handy too .
channel one accepts an xlr or 1/4 '' phone plug .
it has a switch that lets you select mic level or line level .
line level would be for a powered instrument such as a keyboard .
each channel has a volume control .
i really like this qsc k10 .
i am so happy with the speakers
i bought these offered in a special bundle on amazon .
they are in a class by themselves - really a top product .
i have pro speaker gear from jbl , mackie and cerwin vega .
what can i say -- -- they are the very best .
i am thinking about getting the k12 's .
excellent speaker for playing live acoustic music !
better than fishman sa200 or bose l1 in my opinion .
i bought this for my work .
we use it in our gymnasium for special events and music .
endied up buying another one for a different site .
it is awesome for vocals - rich and full , excellent clarity .
awesome for acoustic guitar and violin - very natural sounding .
very good for recorded music .
this thing is loud but still very clear .
if they were n't so expensive , i 'd have bought another one already .
i think i need a sub for the bass , though .
these are expensive but worth every penny .
i 'm an instructor and need something loud and bassy !
( which usually needs about 800-1100 watts . )
i have no complains.. might lighter than my previous pa speaker .
looking to pair this up with a sub woofer !
spend the money now for this unit .
then you wo n't need a dj for larger events .
( tho it is nice ! )
these speakers definitely have a decent sound .
i would pair them with the sub for the best sound .
i do have a couple of issues with my speakers though .
the shipping boxes are not the most protective .
hence , both grills had dents in them from shipping .
i do n't buy it since the other speaker 's fan is much quieter .
still i think the speakers are a good buy .
definitely blew my mind .
unbelievable power from such a compact unit .
way to go qsc .
you out did yourself with the kseries
i was too embarrassed to tell them the sub-base speaker was n't even working !
as a proud owner , this unit simply leaves the competition in the dust .
the unit exceeds my expectations .
qsc left nothing out .
the unit is superb .
i can only compare these with the yamaha dxr ( ? )
i own both , being a two keyboard household .
i prefer this one , but both sound great .
i could not be more pleased with the sound and energy from this speaker .
i just added the kw181 subwoofer and wow .
highly recommend this speaker setup !
i love my qsc k10 -- -this thing is amazing !
it 's baffling how well this 10 '' speaker can deliver quality sound .
it can handle multiple inputs incredibly well .
people will love the sound they put out .
the clarity is great , you will love them .
these are great speakers and i am very satisfied with their audio perfomance .
there is one thing that needs improving .
there needs to be a way to tighten the speakers to speaker poles .
this is a great speaker system .
after comparing three major brands . ( yamaha , jbl , qsc ) .
i think this is the top of the line .
i can recommend to anyone to buy this .
got this for my mil who loves wooden toys for her grandkids .
this has held up against the roughness of the kids .
our granddaughter loves this along with her book that is helping her to play .
my granddaughters both loved them .
grand daughter , age 9 , enjoys this product .
our 4-year-old twin boys love this instrument .
you wo n't be sorry with this purchase .
i bought this for my daughter .
she is really enjoying learning how to play it .
when it arrived it was in good condition and sounded good .
this is a great lap harp with nice sound .
the sound is beautiful , the strings are strong .
i would highly recommend this for an individual with simple musical talents .
you can see my books here on amazon .
just look for world of harmony music .
we bought this for our niece and our grandaughter .
every home should have musical instruments and this is a good coffee table item .
i did fine tune before giving however it was only a little bit .
a case would be a great addition .
but there 's probably only enough string to do that one more time .
that is the only problem we 've had .
i would still buy it again , we 've really liked it .
i was delighted to find it still available .
i used an online tuner , so no tuning knowledge is needed to play .
lovely to play , wonderful gift .
such a lovely instrument .
any age can play so long as they 're careful with it .
my six year old can use the music sheets just fine .
should have a electronic tuner to help keep it in tune .
i bought this as a gift .
it seems pretty nice , arrived out of tune .
the paper song sheets do n't seem to line up exactly with the strings .
very easy to play and sounds great .
love my lap harp .
i 've wanted one since i was a child .
now in my 50 's , i love the soothing sound this makes .
yes it will be out of tune .
only very small tightening is required to get it into tune .
once you tune it three times , it will stay that way .
sounds great for the price !
works and sounds great for what it is !
a nice quality for the price .
goes out of tune quickly , but most lap harps do .
but its a beautiful instrument visually and is a lot of fun to play .
wish it came with more songs though .
seems very solid so far .
this is such a fun , beautiful music maker !
my little children feel like pros because it 's so easy to play .
even my husband and i take our turns playing it regularly !
it arrived safely in a timely manner and sounded great to me .
we still have n't tuned it and it sounds great .
i bought this for my son for his 4th birthday .
i love this instrument and the music sheets that came with it .
i think it 's a wonderful introduction to instruments for him .
i do think it 's easy enough to re-tune though .
would recommend this product .
beautiful sound and well built .
i am so in love with this product .
it is well made but i believe the instrument is warped .
i returned it as it is frustrating to play it .
good , basic instrument .
very touchy ... can go out of tune easily but otherwise beautiful
the tones are rich .
beautiful sounding harp for a nice price .
i love this lap harp !
by the way , i tuned it by ear .
this harp sounds amazing and plays well .
i 've already played them all .
now , will be ordering more music sheets from amazon .
i 'm glad i bought this lap harp .
i am very happy with my purchase !
this came severely out of tune and took hours to get tuned .
a string even broke before we even got to play it !
great for all ages .
got it for my 11 year old daughter for christmas .
may want to order some extra picks .
we 've already lost several .
my granddaughter has been playing it since she got it .
great introduction to music !
a bit out of tine but i like it to fool around with .
it seems well made .
but not available i guess .
it was very out of tune when i got it .
but it was still very nice
kids love to see progress and not feel overwhelmed when learning new things .
we gave this to a friend 's daughter .
she loved it ( so did her 3 other siblings ) !
got it for my wife , very happy
plays beautifully out of the box without tuning !
i purchased this for my 5 yr.old granddaughter at the suggestion of her dad .
it include music and you can buy more songs as you progress in ability .
it has a beautiful sound too .
i plan to get another one next year for my grandson .
the children in my classroom enjoy playing this instrument .
i ca n't wait for my daughter to open this gift .
simply lovely to look at and listen to .
the sheet music is kind of haphazard to read .
and no key to explain musical marks i.e .
some notes are shaped differently from others and 2 numbers written under song titles .
in time for the holidays !
perfect for anybody ! ! ! !
price is very reasonable .
music sheets make it easy to play .
i suggest too getting an electronic tuner ! ! !
ez-tuner 8 works great .
get this- you will love it !
this was a great way for her to immediately play songs she could recognize .
easy and sounds really great !
this is a great lap harp for a young child .
the cards that come with the harp are easy to follow .
i use this in my job as an activity coordinator with alzheimer 's patients .
it 's great for sin-a-long when a piano is not available .
this is very simple to use and provides tons of satisfaction from playing music .
great for all ages .
my daughter has loved playing this lap harp .
it sounds great and the music is easy to follow and learn to play .
overall , my only complaint was that the instrument loses its intonation rather quickly .
that is my only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 .
they both love them so much and have such a great time playing them .
nice lap harp with music that actually shows half/ full/quarter notes .
easy for a 7 year old to learn .
it 's a lot of fun , too .
an easy way to add lovely music to your life .
my kids 2-7 love it !
they all can play it easily .
enjoying this misic maker very much .
with out having much musical experience i can play very relaxing beautiful music .
it 's very calming .
it is very practical with no large investment .
very beautiful sounding and easy to tune with the debbie center yt video .
my grandchildren love this and have played it lots !
perfect way to get your 3 year old started in music .
son loved this for christmas .
i recommend this to everyone .
it was my favorite instrument when i was young .
purchased for a friend and she is delighted with the product .
my 8 year old daughter loves this .
it is a great gift for both boys and girls .
the kids really like to lay it .
this is fun , i am glad my husband could tune this .
excellent musical instrument for children and adults alike !
this is a lovely , simple instrument .
i bought it for my daughter for christmas .
she was playing it within minutes .
there are so many song sheets available , too !
my kids age 4 - 13 all love this .
tuning was tricky but not too .
i ordered this for my six year old granddaughter for christmas .
she was able to play all the songs that she already knew the melody .
it is a great way to introduce a young child to an instrument .
it gave her confidence that she could succeed .
the lap harp is lovely and very easy to play .
it was a little out of tune but easily adjusted .
everyone who picks this up loves it .
it sounds really cool for how easy it is !
i 've also enjoyed the humbling experience of tuning this thing .
hint : go slow .
got for 8 year old granddaughter .
she really enjoys it .
nice way to get grandkids interested in musical instruments .
my 8 year old granddaughter was very excited and started playing this right away
beautiful sound when its in tune ... grand daughter loved it !
excellent and easy to use introduction to playing music for children .
lots of fun for everyone !
my kids love this .
it is easy to play , sounds pleasant , and is very well made .
exactly what i wanted .
it was easy to tune following the instructions and using my piano .
great to give to grandchildren .
beautiful sound , easy to play .
wowzers ... this instrument is a little powerhouse in elegant body !
ordered this for my 8 year old granddaughter , and she was thrilled .
she had used one at school and wanted one for her birthday .
my granddaughter was thrilled with the harp .
comes out of tune super easy .
beautiful sound when in tune , though .
a lot of fun around a camp fire
this is a great little instrument for kids and adults alike .
my grandson likes this very much .
theis is a great beginner instrument .
not for a professional gig , but it 's playable .
one of the sheets describes which strings should be turned to which note .
try the tuners you can find on the app store .
this was one of my favorite purchases this past christmas .
it is very easy to use and sounds beautiful .
i do strongly believe that every household should have one of these harps .
the adults had as much fun playing as she did .
i would n't mind having my own .
purchased this for my 4year old grandson because he loves music !
it gave him a real boost to be instantly successful .
i bought this for my 6 year old daughter .
she loves this , as does everyone else in the family .
it 's so inconsequential to us that we have n't even tuned it yet .
it came with a pick , and extra string , and a tuning tool .
it is easy to play and store .
i purchased ours from magic cabin , but this is the same instrument .
it has been a real joy for all of us .
in fact , it 's no problem .
tighten them just a little bit .
just a little bit of timing and practice , you feel like a success .
rhythmical noise , but still just noise .
very easy to pick up and play immediately .
it would be nice if it came with more songs and a sturdier box/case .
17 year old plays this all of the time now .
the music it comes with are familiar songs .
my grandson will love it !
got this for a friends birthday .
she played it all day and her teen aged son borrowed it .
she has seen little of it since .
it is well made , actually quite pretty .
it is not a toy .
made in the u.s.a. try it you will like it .
she took to it immediately and played tunes with its cleverly noted papers .
we bought this as a gift for our granddaughter a year ago .
she absolutely loves it .
one of the strings finally broke last night and she is heartbroken .
i am shopping for new strings today .
liked the songs included with this harp
gave this as a gift to an 11 year old .
she has not put it down yet .
highly recommend for any age .
not to bad for a mass manufactured children instrument !
it does not stay in tune as well as i would hope for .
this is a wonderful instrument for playing around the house !
good for entertainment and learning all at the same time .
it is not a professional instrument but great for fun .
a present for my grandson .
he loves making music on his own .
and , it sounds good too .
he performs for us all at 8 years of age !
this is a great product .
it is easy and fun to play .
this is a cute little lap harp that is easy to play .
the directions are simple and easy to learn
gift for 6 year old granddaughter .
she loved being able to play tunes that she recognized right away .
she told me the other day that she plays it all the time .
unfortunately the local store sold out before i could buy one for her .
i bought this product used and it is difficult to tune .
the strings were warped and needed to be replaced .
the harp itself is heavy-duty and will stand up to use .
a new harp may have this corrected already .
the tuner is really hard to use .
it came out of tune but is fun to play .
a better tuner is needed .
also , better to have actual piano or tuner to get it pitch perfect .
i downloaded a free program on my ipad that helped us tune it !
a really cool instrument the whole family can play .
it arrived on time and ready for her to enjoy !
i purchaed two of these for christmas presents .
my 8- and 10-year old kids love playing on this .
tuning is a bit time consuming -- one small tweak changes the tone substantially .
a digital tuner is really helpful .
just look for world of harmony music .
that being said , sadly , they do always arrive out of tune .
i think they 're really sensitive to climate changes .
this took about a month to get to me .
then when i tried to play it , it was very out of tune .
adjoining strings sounded the same note .
they can tune it up and explain the notes .
it is two octaves in the key of g. it has a nice tone .
it comes from belarus , so it is like having a folk craft item .
the tone is very bright and ringing .
it is fun to play .
it comes in a box , which i would keep to keep it in .
it seems there is also a carrying bag available for this .
it is good quality and not too big or heavy .
hohner kids beginners harmonica was a great christmas gift .
i purchased this item for my 4 year old mildly autistic son .
just love to see this kid smile .
my 22 month old loves it !
nice sound , not obnoxious .
i got this harmonica for my daughter 's first birthday .
i tried to blow on her face as i was playing it .
we kept on trying , but she just did n't get it .
and one day ( couple of weeks later ) , she just got it !
i was probably more excited than she was .
first she played it so so gentle you could hardly hear it .
but now she loves it !
now they do have some minor down sides .
also the leather on the ear piece has been known to crack very quickly .
100 % worth the money .
not much more to add than has already been said .
great isolation with these -- that 's the most crucial to me .
and i 'm really impressed with the warm yet very present sound .
it does not matter weather or not you are a dj .
these headphones produce tremendously clear sound .
no matter what application you intend on using them for .
go get a pair you will not be disappointed .
over the years i have broken a lot of headphones .
this one by far is the best built set i have ever owned .
i play 2 to 3 times a week .
thursday and friday at ninfa 's and on saturday at the club .
not only are these sturdy but they sound like no other headset .
the 107 db sensitivity is outstanding .
my nine year daughter thinks there very comfortable .
out of all my head- phones .
there the most comfortable .
i 'm not sure what the other reviews are talking about .
there worth every penny .
the sony headphones are they best i have experienced before .
i recommend them to anyone who owns a music player of any kind .
sound , styling , performance , finally !
great for trance and house music dj 's !
my only problem with them is that the headband is rather uncomfortable .
i suggest you try them on and feel for yourself .
these headphones sounds great .
it driven by a 50mm drive unit , and massive 3000mwatts .
looks futuristic and its optimized for isolating outer ambient-noise .
they are very professional headphones , though they are very hard to get .
but if you see them , get them !
pros : great sound .
good for podcasting or dj application .
cons : kind of heavy .
cant really wear for too long .
value : good value .
they hold up well over time .
buy again : yes , for the applications i mentioned .
i wouldnt get them to be my only pair of headphones , however .
i was happy with it until it finally died mid last summer .
it lasted nine years which tells what a good product that sony had made .
i just love these headphones .
wish they were still made in japan .
can be a wee bit difficult changing the leather muffs but can be done .
best ever sony headphones ... sadly discontinued in favour of the overpriced mdr-1s
after 1 year , still going strong .
great sound ... you do n't need to spend more money with bose .
i 'm 51 old club jock , these are the best headphones .
anything can last if you take care of it .
i have had mine for over 10 years and still in mint condition .
because i take care of my s*** ! ! ! ! ! ! !
my husband loves this !
he tried purchasing a different model and that did n't seem to please him .
the newer models have smaller drivers and less freq .
ear cups are more comfortable than ever now and less itchy .
use them for pro studio use with headphone amps and they crank .
good service , good item !
i always order these .
they seem to last longer for me than they do for other people .
maybe it 's in the care , i do n't know .
i keep using these and they never fail me .
i highly recommend them .
got a pair of these years ago .
surprisingly they lasted me about 3 years until the cord finally gave in .
great for djing or listening to music in general .
awesome sound and cancels out any noise other than the music your listening to .
other than that , it 's a good buy .
great true sound quality .
have used these style headphones for over 20 years in recording sessions .
as with most `` sony '' products , they last and perform as expected .
all of them at least started to crack or completely came off .
-ear pads start to deteriorate fairly quickly .
i 'm sure you can find replacements .
-price has skyrocketed , at least here on amazon .
excellent bass response and comfortable fit .
although a discontinued item , it is my most coveted pair of headphones .
loved the sound but they started showing signs of cracking .
was expecting to happen but always sucks when it finally falls apart .
great isolation , and sound was very good .
they still sound good though if i hold them to my head though lol .
i bought a pair at a box store at least 7 years ago .
i think there great .
my sister is a professional dj .
she can not use any other headphones .
perfect lows and highs .
they look great and work great .
i was very worried i would n't be able to find these anymore .
guitar center said they stopped making them .
ca n't beat it .
i have long since let mine go , but i regret it everyday .
good luck , and keep on the beat !
i picked these up for about $ 93 a couple years back .
ca n't believe how the price fluctuated ( something i missed maybe ? )
anyways , these things can jam !
sound quality is superb and unchallenged , especially when compared to dre 's beats .
i just love music .
i have used the top of the line pioneers , not a fan .
but the 350 -400 dollar price is crazy .
they use to go for 120 until they were discontinued .
so basically someone ripping you off to the max , what a greedy scumbag .
but hey you if you got money to burn , do it .
my did break after 5 years of heavy use .
where the headband and the earphones meet .
had to but gorilla glue on them and now are just fine .
i bought these back in 2010 and never get sick of them !
can crank them up full blast without 0 distortion !
they make everything and anything sound so much better !
mids and highs are very clear .
bass is great too .
very pleased with this purchase and the price point is right on .
i 've been buying these for over 10 years now .
this is my third pair .
no , they are not crappy .
a product can only make it so far .
i do n't baby my stuff .
having said all that , i have no regrets .
i will continue to buy this headset even when the next ones break .
great for gaming , music is fricken ' awesome .
i expect these to last me forever .
these headphones are reasonably priced and have very little wear .
kind of bulky and fagile so be very careful with the cord .
i highly recommend for a djs !
i got a pair of these in mid-2011 .
my main complaint is this .
when i bought mine , the total was $ 91 , including shipping .
at $ 75 they were a great deal .
at $ 275 , it 's highway robbery .
best dj phones for the price !
had mine for over a year and they have n't broken !
quality is good and sound is great !
i would strongly recommend any dj or producer to buy these .
do not however buy these if your are looking for mastering cans !
plus , they achieve this without making your ears feel uncomfortable .
overall , great product for recording/mixing or general listening purposes .
these are probably the best headphones i have ever bought in my life .
where they do n't stand up though , is durability .
expect them to break , and to be very sad when they break .
they 'd be a lot nicer if they were n't made out of plastic .
i was just beside myself .
i was so happy to find the exact pair on amazon !
these are truly excellent headphones for itunes , my homework and movies .
sony deff made a good job on this one .
i 've owned these headphones for 8 years and they truly never fail me .
i have coworkers who have bought the noise cancelling bose headphones .
all he heard was the movie .
my headphones now have a cloth ear pad that is actually more comfortable .
( as long as you take care of them ! )
really good set of cans ... very good overall ... all genres .
these things need power to perform at there best , amp hungry .
they are very neutral phones , sounding quite even in the whole register .
they have the sennheiser 202 which are very close to the 505 's .
definitely not for casual listening and definitely not for all genres of music .
i expect some wear and tear after that many years of use .
the sound however remains superb .
clear , bassy , and loud .
i have to give these headphones 5 stars despite the physical design flaw .
these are truly a beast of studio headphones .
i will buy these again if this pair ever goes bad !
phonologically , i ca n't tell the difference .
i have owned two sets of these headphones .
i broke the first one after about 4 years of usage .
the sound quality is simply awesome .
nice sound , not canned , not over rumbling .
i would give 5 star rating , with one exception .
the headphone has no volume adjustment .
i do not know how this happened .
this is my first such an experience with amazon .
may be i should approach amazon .
i was very pleased with how perfect they sounded plug into an ipod .
i took them on every convoy .
i 'll never buy any other head phone .
my husband loves these .
he is a dj and uses them often .
they are great quality and price !
very satisfied with purchase .
so i ordered one for myself and one for my friend .
the products arrived in good condition .
this is fine during music but too annoying to me during movies .
i have a good sized head ( ! )
and there is no play when the headphone sits on my head .
it is having a very good fit .
have n't seen others writing about this .
can anyone share their opinion ?
this is the second pair of these headphones i have bought .
it also has a killer base and u hear the song so clear .
sturdiness=10 strong and solid .
been a working deejay for 15 years .
the v700 has been a work horse for me .
i have two pairs that i keep in separate cities that i play in .
nope , tried them on , and they worked just fine .
i understand sony has since strengthened that swivel area .
i never had anymore major issues after that .
these headphones are great .
just baby them like you normally would something this expensive .
the best headphones out there under $ 200 .
( and i got mine for $ 60 as a refurb , haha ! )
i could n't disagree more .
i hate dance , rap and anyting to do with a club or dj .
these phones are excellent for rock or anything i 've tested them on .
you really ca n't go wrong with these .
the sound quality of these is astounding .
do n't believe the negative rants ... .
i have bought a total of 4 pair of theses headphones so far .
this is the best out there .
so far the best .
my final point is directed to anyone considering purchasing these headphones for non-dj use .
these are not for you .
what can i say about these headphones ?
the fact that the cord stretches 10ft .
which brings me to another topic .
sure they sound less lively and sq downgraded , it still sounded pretty good .
other than that i would still recommend these .
still intact no sign of wear and tear .
love the fold up design .
glad to see they are still making these .
i was very happy to find the exact same pair on amazon .
they are a sound purchase .
got these after researching a lot of headphones .
these headphones are great for a dj .
i love these bad boys !
these headphone are really good .
this headsets retails from sony for $ 149.99 which is not bad at all .
the fact you can get em cheaper here is simply a plus .
the overall construction is pretty solid .
they are plastic but seem to be pretty heavy duty .
you will hear sounds that you did n't know exsisted before .
i 'm not making that up either .
i purchased mine back in 2003 from amazon .
i still have them and use them , although not as often .
they are amazing ! ! ! ! !
i paid $ 150 at the time and now they are practically free .
i highly recommend them .
i bought these headphones after alot of research .
what more could you ask for ?
that 's all i could ask .
the headphones also work flawlessly with my lenovo laptop computer 's headphone jack .
the noise isolation is pretty good , just not perfect .
great headphones , especially for the price .
probably not the headphones ' fault though .
sound quality is dead on .
overall , this product is good .
only thing i do n't like about is the construction .
i read many feedbacks about how easily the hinge can break .
but the sound quality is worth it !
great headphones , great sound while they worked .
long story short ... good headphones , great value .
also the seller was as advertised .
new was new and the item arrived on time in perfect condition as advertised .
for the price you ca n't beat it .
nice and comfortable , really loud with good punch .
i am more then happy with these headphones .
i highly recommend this product .
thats why i am here buying another pair .
i decided to try these headphones after reading the reviews on it .
i was on a budget , but i wanted quality .
the bass is unreal .
however , i would not recommend these for casual music listeners .
i bought this headphone five years ago here at amazon.com .
it is still alive and working .
i love this headphones ! !
they do last long !
this is my second pair of sony mdr-700dj 's .
i was impressed with the sound but could only use them at home .
i am very much pleased the second time around with my mdr-700 's !
they could be a little more comfortable , especially when i 'm wearing glasses .
they fold up to be fairly compact for the style head phones they are .
it comes with a 1/4 '' adapter that screws on , great feature ! !
it ensures a better connection than the typical adapter .
i will keep it simple folks !
i bought them , i tried them , i love 'em !
very versatile so far !
i 'm no sound expert , but i know what i like !
and these sony 's are great !
shipping was fast and my phones were in mint condition upon arrival !
i researched several different types and brands before i bought this pair .
the headphones clamp onto your head gently but make a good seal .
i am very pleased with my purchase .
sound quality is amazing .
one of the best places to find these fakes ?
i have been there and done that .
the best way to tell ?
the fakes are very uncomfortable , and break very easily .
the real sony version is amazing !
i 've had these headphones for almost 10 years and they worked great .
used on many gigs , sessions , and just normal music listening .
other than that , great headphones for under $ 100 .
i sometimes have to dj events .
if you 're a bass hound just sick with these sonys .
they are quite comfortable too !
use caution when buying these headphones used or on ebay .
they are durable , and imo of very high quality .
these headphones have been an industry standard for years .
sound quality is great , and so is the comfort .
note that these will break where the ear cups pivot , or the elbow .
i still love them though .
the clarity is excellent .
purchase an extended warranty if possible .
to keep a long story short , these headphones are super reliable .
if it says sony , then it 's usually good .
this holds true here .
they have rugged construction and cancel all outside noise when worn .
they also sound great .
i 've seen many dj 's rockin these headphones with their gear .
you just ca n't go wrong for the price .
i have owned a pair of sony mdr-v700 for ten years .
i bought them when i was a freshman in high school .
these headphones are the most glorious piece of electronic equipment i have ever owned .
you can hear everything ! ''
however , i am looking for a new pair of headphones .
this is my second pair of these dj headphones .
i 'm now a believer and i will be getting my pair soon .
these head phones are amazing quality .
this is the only problem i have with these headphones .
when i bought these they cost the o.g .
price and were $ 180 .
well needless to say i never had any problems with them ever .
the sound was nasty , bass deep and they killed anythin i ever played .
i loved plugging these in and bangin .
there is no distortion ever .
for some reason , this page exists .
just buy through amazon and save the money .
nicest headphones i 've ever had so far .
but honestly u do n't need it lol .
so far i am very impressed with this mic .
especially when you consider the price tag .
high value to price ratio .
with this mic i can plug it directly in to my korg prx4 .
i would highly recommend it to others for this purpose .
the casing of the unit is rugged .
i have been able to record everything from street musicians to dave bruebeck concerts .
most people are not happy in this situation .
overall , worth every penny .
perhaps there is a modification out there to improve the output gain .
i think it cost me about $ 6 , if that .
i brought this microphone to record violin playing .
the result was amazingly well .
sony does make a professional microphone with similar technology .
the difference between that one and this one is the connector .
for this consumer product , they purposely made it not xlr .
the simlar microphone with xlr connector sold over $ 200 each .
the other reviewers wrote some great info about this microphone .
some drawbacks are the relatively bulkyness of this unit as compared to others .
this microphone is very compatible with many different devices .
md is the best though .
not every md player has the appropriate mic jack .
double check the technical documentation to make sure .
do n't be fooled !
very few md `` recorders '' actually record with a microphone !
there is no sensitivity switch .
also an mp3 player that allows digital recording comes in really handy .
i use the ms-ms907 microphone on a weekly basis .
it operates on a single aa battery and is highly efficient with energy consumption .
i would recommend investing in either a minidisc recorder or a mp3 recorder .
the ear cushion covers my whole ear fits snug so it drowns outside noise .
all in all nice headset .
well worth the money !
thats how much i liked them .
the noise cancellation is awesome .
the seller had them at a price i could afford .
the purchase was easy with no problems .
first off these headphones have the same sound technology as the sony professional headphones !
the only difference is that these have a dj style .
i also enjoy the slinky/coil type of cord .
i enjoy the headphones very much !
i 'm a professional dj , and i 've been using my mdr .
4700dj for almost ten years .
they 're the best dj monitor headphones i 've owned .
the sound is great , and the construction is definitely solid .
i purchased these for my husband two years ago .
he has absolutely loved them and has completely enjoyed them .
yesterday they broke and before purchasing another pair here , i checked the reviews .
so ... if you have bought these and they broke , contact sony .
it seems that there may be a manufacturing issue here .
otherwise they are great and i just ordered a new pair .
hope these last longer .
i 've tried a lot of headphones and earbuds over the years .
i returned four different pairs of various brands before i bought these sonys .
i 've had mine for over two years and they are in pristine condition .
i have a small head and they are heavy though .
they hurt my head/ears after a good 25 minutes .
the pads have been deteriorating from extensive use .
you really get what you pay for .
so if you 're rich go ahead get the mdr7509hd .
these one 's are good for me ...
i recently purchased these headphones to replace a 139.00 set of bose headphones .
these headphones blow the bose ones away .
years ago i owned a set of the sony mdr-5000 yet lost them somewhere .
anyway , i was attracted to the bose because of the name , etc .
the sonys are the exact oppositte .
they are built solid and exactly what i needed .
you will not be sorry if you do the same .
okay , okay , i caught your attention .
the recordings are unparalleled .
highly recommend this unit .
i also used it with my outdoor drum circle .
buy it ! ! !
i put them on soundcloud and everyone remarks on how amazing they sound .
great mic , ca n't say enough about it .
i do n't think the sound quality is so impressive .
it is a little too small .
the wire is thin .
not so easy to change battery .
i 've got many great recordings from it .
sound quality is very good overall .
... and still going strong .
i love these headphones .
i 've traveled with them a lot .
i 'll buy another pair when these expire .
okay , now the flaws .
the two earphones want to be touching one another .
a friend who has these headphones has described them as `` head clamps . ''
i have always put up with this flaw , however .
the sound is held in very well , which is optimal .
they lasted that long .
i have never had a set of headphones last that long before .
do n't let this flaw scare you out of buying these headphones .
if you start to notice the plastic cracking , you 're in for trouble .
this purchase was well worth my money and another great purchase from amazon .
they are used on a daily basis and abused from time to time .
never once have i had a complaint about these .
great sound and great build , do n't hesitate to purchase .
thus far i have no complaints .
also the price is about $ 50 more expensive .
the sony are rated at 3000mw and the pioneer at 3500mw .
the frequency response is the same so no competition there .
also still in one piece ( no cracks or breaks ) .
you ca n't beat the sound quality for the price .
i 've used this mic for recording v.o .
for film and also lyric tracks for music .
for the money you ca n't beat the quailty
have to quibble though with the word 'digital ' in the description .
there is nothing digital about this microphone and that 's just fine with me .
the stereo separation is nice , not too much and not too little .
the fidelity is amazing for the price .
the sound is crisp and clear , the fidelity and quality are superb .
this microphone is ideal to record life acoustic performances , ex .
recitals , operas , symphony concerts etc .
it is excellent for live performances in concert halls etc .
well worth the money .
it 's stereo , which most mics like this are n't .
sound quality is good and it uses a aa battery .
i like it and use it regularly to video interviews and comments from folks .
i recv 'd the mic in a reasonable amt of time .
it is easy to use .
i think it performs as expected .
the mic puts out a low signal .
i have n't tried it for vocals .
external audio interfaces run on firewire and usb2.0 and start at about $ 30 .
not a warm-sounding mic but nice to have and not expensive .
seems very durable and of course it 's quite compact .
because you wo n't need headphones !
sony usually makes some fine product , and these headphones do n't disappoint .
these are amazing headphones .
great bass , great sound , and they get realy loud .
i love these head phones .
only issues with them is that durability is not that great , handle carefully .
hi 's and lows coming clear and sweet .
these headphones have great bass as well as clear highs .
they seem much more balanced than many of the reviews make them seem .
no durability issues either so far .
well i decided to go with this one because it was more powerful .
gaming is amazing with these .
i regularly walk around in these .
bought this after it was recommended to me on the soundslides board .
i use it with my edirol r-09 hr to record audio for photo slideshows .
to hear a sample of it , click on the slideshow here .
for the extra 15 bucks , the sony ms907 is easily worth the upgrade .
i purchased this microphone to use with our canon video camera .
i film concerts w/ a cammie that has an external mic output .
this microphone has given me excellent results .
very , very clear sound .
have never gotten any hissing or cackling .
does a very good job at filtering out excess noise ( i.e .
people around you ) , and picks up the sounds of a concert well .
you can also adjust how the mic picks up the audio .
a very good microphone , i highly recommend this item .
it makes all the difference .
my son had one that he used with a creative labs nomad jukebox iii .
they all love the recording quality .
that 's tough to do , get them all to agree on a mic .
it 's traveled around a lot and holds up very well .
i 'm a professional piano technician and part-time musician .
this is a good general use mic .
it is not a pro level mic .
for decent portable recording this stereo directional microphone can not be beat .
it has two directionality settings of 90 and 120 degrees .
i get many compliments about my recordings .
that might be the only negative .
it also comes with a voice/wind cover to muffle air noise .
this headphone was recommended to me by a sound engineer .
i thought : he 's talking of my situation ! !
after that i decided to buy them .
five star for this headphone considering it 's intended for dj'ing .
i can tell you , these headphones kick a** in style !
sony takes pride in themselves whenever they release a product .
sony has them labeled as professional dj headphones .
take care and ... . will somebody turn that d***n music down ?
great headphones for the money and they look great too !
a very delightful and wonderful product !
comfortable to wear with high quality music .
these matched with the cowon d2 is simply crazy .
otherwise phones are great .
i 'm not a dj , but i do love music !
these headphones make everything sound better !
sounds that i 've never heard in songs are apparent with these !
i bought these headphones for there great specs which they live up to .
the bass is big , deep , and roomy .
even with the remarkable bass there is excellent imaging in the midrange and treble .
the bass does n't overpower the rest of the frequency range .
the 7506 's just seem a tad more accurate .
i have no long term use with either .
so i will defer to others as far as long term durability .
i 've had the same pair for two years straight .
if you 're a dj , the single cup function is great .
in my opinion , these are the best headphones ever ! !
i had to buy headphones for three reasons .
1. i live in an apartment that is n't `` noise '' friendly .
yet when the bass came into the song there was none .
2. when watching movies at home the 1/4 jack packs extra punch .
so when action sequences start i want to hear them .
stylish and i got mine for a great price on here .
i 'm more than happy with my decision .
these headphones are a must buy .
they are very comfortable and have really good sound .
i would recommend these headphones to anyone .
overall , these headphones are a great purchase and i will buy these again .
do n't block out much noise , but work well in most situations .
man , it 's a good mike !
i use this very affordable digital stereo microphone for recording trainings .
battery life is good , and sound quality is excellent .
this mic picks up little background noise .
as most mics do , it offers a close-range mode and extended range mode .
i love the fact that it is simple to use .
there is no learning curve here .
out of the box and ready to go .
this little mic is amazing .
i would have paid twice as much as i did .
way to go , sony !
i am very pleased with the performance of this microphone .
the clarity and the depth of sound is terrific .
the microphone , with its two different stereo angle options , offers great flexibility .
this is a great microphone .
it has great sound when used with my sony mz-rh1-hi-md field recorder .
it picked up conversations in a large conference room during a presentation .
i was amazed that it picked up relatively quiet conversations from very far away .
all that was necessary was to turn up the volume when i play back .
so i will be able to normalize this with audio software .
i look forward to further use .
i am happy with the mic though .
still much better than if i use the mic on the camera .
this is the best sounding microphone for the price .
i think i paid around $ 60 for it .
beautiful sounding mic , very natural quality .
sound quality is good to excellent .
it picks up foreground and background sounds well .
great price for sony product .
this has been a wonderful microphone for me .
they told me this was the microphone she used , and i bought it .
low profile is the name they give it .
i love this little microphone .
it works considerably well with my md recorder .
so this mic is just perfect .
i call it my `` mini-studio in a bag '' .
and for reference the md recorder i am using is a hi-md sony mz-m100 .
nothing compares.congrats sony ! !
you have come up with another winner .
i have had great results so far and highly recommend this product !
this is a really good microphone !
seeing is believing , so try it !
the unit seems to be a cost-effective solution for my kind of use .
i just purchased the sonys and i 'm excited to share the experience .
comfort : the 700s are all-day comfortable .
the earcups fit around your ears , so there is no annoying pressure there .
they 're attractively designed , too ... with a professional style .
sound quality : like i said earlier , sony has worked magic here .
but they do n't stop there ... the mids and highs are equally well-produced .
but they sound so good ... you wan na keep cranking the volume !
buy them ... you will not regret it !
i bought these headphones 3 years ago ! !
i use them for everything , movies , music , and games .
the sound quality is amazing , it feels like the sound is live .
as far as audio quality and aesthetics , these head phones are awesome .
i use them mostly for music and some fps gaming .
standard dj headphones , great for everyday applications and dj'ing .
not great for noise canceling at all .
the cord can stretch for miles though without any stress on the wiring .
can handle very loud applications with almost no distortion .
i mean , they are industry standard amongst global dj 's ...
i use these headphones for two to three hours a day .
i absolutely love the clarity of sound they provide , very rich sound .
i 'm very happy with that .
they are the `` kobe bryant '' of headphones.. all around greatness !
i was looking for an upgrade from my tinny sounding jvcs .
my only complaint is as one other reviewer mentioned , the comfort .
after a little while the phones become painful around the ears .
this may be due to the weight or the design .
the sony mdr-v700dj monitor series headphones are awesome .
i had a pair and they were stolen .
i am in the radio business and recommend these highly .
great sound and clarity .
this is definitely a good buy .
the sound is clear and loud , perfect for any mp3 player .
it is also very comfortable .
its a bit pricey , but well worth it .
also , the wire for the headphone is extremely long .
sounds good , worth the money .
but really uncomfortable , hurting my ears after 1 hour of using .
the product itself is very durable .
i love these headphones , there so comfortable and the sound quality great .
this headphones are for dj remix use .
so you hear what the mixer is intended to mix .
i use these headphones for cds that utilize binaural beats .
additionally , they are very comfortable .
they most certainly meet my needs .
sound great , whether using them with his ipod or on my computer .
love the long coiled cable and professional design .
would recommend to all .
stuff breaks , this is a fact of life .
expecting them to last a lifetime because of the pricetag is simply naive .
they are time tested and proven .
the sound is top notch and immersive -- the bass is tight and deep .
in the looks department , you ca n't go wrong with the sony mdr-700 .
the folding capability is also nice for portability .
i believe the term is : buy nice or buy twice .
so i got them and am very pleased .
they sound quality is great .
rich , deep bass and comfortable ear cups make these a joy to use .
the folding feature is also very useful .
these are my favorite headphones for listening to opera .
the sound is clear and present , full-bodied and rich .
mine broke at the ear cup hinge .
just be alert to the shoddy workmanship .
i have had these headphones for more almost 2 years now .
yes i agree they are not built that solid .
i have also experienced no problems whatsoever with the ear cups/padding .
maybe i just got lucky !
these are great headphones .
the headphones are very comfortable ... to a degree .
they 're a bit heavy but eventually you get used to it .
the problem is what everyone says is the problem .
all in all , worth getting but beware of that ear issue .
i mean , what else can i ask for ?
i love these headphones , as well as the mdr-v600 headphones .
just an idea , but try using sanitary headphone covers on all your headphones .
i believe you can buy a bag of 100 on-line for about $ 18.00 .
it 's definitely worth protecting these wonderful headphones .
these headphones pound ! ! !
you can feel the bass if you know what i mean .
crisp , clear highs and no distortion at high volumes .
the ear cups could be slightly larger .
if you love bass and superb audio quality , these babies are for you .
the sony mdr-v700 's have all around good sound and deep bass .
i highly recommend these headphones ...
i 've had mine for 4 years now and they 've been fabulous !
we probably have 25 pair and they all work great .
buyer beware these are heavily bootlegged on the internet .
make sure the word `` sony '' appears on the jack connector cover .
otherwise its very difficult to tell if they are the real deal !
if you love mixing it deliver clear sounds , bass is very distinctive .
i just bought my second pair .
it looks like the build quality is about the same as it was before .
there are a few problems with them , however .
i am very happy with these headphones .
i 've had these headphones for years .
i use them for listening to music as well as for creating electronic music .
they sound great with any device and can get quite loud if needed .
some might prefer to have a detachable cord but it has never bothered me .
after 45 min or so they began to hurt my ears .
overall for true professional dj work they are great and highly recommended .
they stay comfortable despite what some say .
exceelent quality in sound though be careful cause they look quite fragile .
100 % worth the 90 $ i paid for them .
- they can take way more volume than you can likely handle without distortion .
- they totally block out outside noise .
at a coffee shop , no one can tell your music is outrageously loud .
- intense rich bass .
definitely the way to go .
i have owned my pair for over five years .
a friend of mine got his pair soon after i got mine .
they are n't the most comfortable headphones around , but they 're just fine .
i shopped for months before i decided on these .
i am no audiophile but the sound quality is really nice .
but a five minute break fixes that .
great bass ... very comfortable even after hours and hours of listening .
i use them for my studio work .
would make the same purchase again !
i just purchased my second pair after neglecting to maintain my old pair .
highly recommend these even for those of you who are n't djs .
these are perfect for drowning out the sound of my coworkers at my desk .
it 's an experience , these are .
i 've owned 5 pair of these headphones in 8 years .
their redeeming quality is the sound , which is nothing short of amazing .
the first time i tried these on , i was hooked .
the audio quality is top shelf .
i 'm using my wife 's mdr-v500s until i can find a suitable replacement .
i have been using mdr-v700 headphones for several years .
they are great for both studio production and nightclub work .
just like new and for a great price .
for the price you are really getting something nice .
pros looks awesome , which is one of the main reasons i bought them .
they have terrific sound , and the closed cups ensures very good isolation .
you can pretty much hear them pound your head .
they look really good though , so i give them top marks in style .
they sound great in that environment without requiring another power source .
this is my second pair of mdr-700 that i bought .
the sound of the sony headphones are like nothing i have ever heard before .
it sounds amazing ! ! ! !
i recomend all dj 's to get this item .
thank you amazon.com ~dj shant~
i use this mdr-v700dj and they 're excellent .
the sound is excellent and so noise cancelling .
there exist better headphones , but *more* expensive .
i 've seen myself many djs using them .
they do actually cancel out some noise because they cup your ear so well .
they cups fit nicely and are extremely comfortable .
they are very well designed and feel quite strong .
definately worth the cash !
these sound awesome , and i am not a dj .
i was just looking for some old fashioned , ear thumping headphones .
my first pair was the mdr-v150 .
these headphones are a huge step up from the v150 .
i would highly recomend to anyone looking for a nice pair of headphones .
the design is by far the best part of these headphones .
they still work great and have gone through mild abuse .
if you love bass , these probably ca n't be beat .
another reviewer said they are like instant subwoofers and it 's true .
they even move if your bass is beating hard enough .
the tips of my ears get red and hot .
that is the only reason i 'm in the market for a new pair .
alright , bought these headphones a few months ago .
the bass is awsome ! !
pros : -bass -highs and mids -confortable cons : -very delicate .
this are the best headphones i 've ever heard .
they compare to the $ 500 and $ 600 sets .
they came packaged great and arrived on time .
i was little scared buying this product from amazon .
its hard to trust places you 've never bought from .
but , my product turned out better then i expected .
it showed up on time and was packaged with care .
i will buy from amazon again .
this new headset from sony is the best i 've ever heard .
the spacial clarity is excellent .
without a doubt , these headphones are the s -- t !
the earcups seal my ears so that i can concentrate on my mix .
i get both awesome bass and highs .
it 's that simple !
if you 're a pro dj , you ca n't go wrong with these .
everytime i buy any product i search for price first .
additionaly , delivery was perfect , earlier than offered .
i 'm not a dj at all .
i wanted sometihing that would block out everything that my parents had to say .
so i went with these .
these headphones are awesome and i do like them a lot .
these are easily the most powerful headphones i 've ever owned .
the frequency range is absolutely stellar .
they 're for anyone that loves good sounding music .
these headphones are fantastic !
they are extremely comfortable and easy to use .
comes with nice white case and they fold farely easily .
the sound is spectacular , giving impressive bass !
amazon.com shipped them frightenly fast .
i ordered them and the next day they came ! !
i 've had my headphones for 3 years .
i 'm an amature dj and could only recommend these for dj use .
face it , it 's plastic and it can break .
and it 's not the best design for durability .
but it 's not gon na happen to everybody .
2nd , they 're not designed for audiophile sound quality at moderate volumes .
so stay away from ipods .
they 're just not gon na drive these headphones really well .
it 's not gon na happen .
like i said , these are specifically designed for dj 's .
very transparent and smooth lows .
a lot of it is going to depend on the sensitivity of the drivers .
these headphones are perfect for me .
also the high pitches come in loud and clear through these headphones .
my only issue with these headphones is the fact that they are so powerful .
especially when using them for dj'ing .
i also partially lost hearing in one ear for a few days .
other than that , i have no issue with these headphones .
highs and midtones are well represented .
however , for pure sound , i preferred the sony 's by far .
so my bottom line ?
pros : 1 ) sound - my favorite sounding pair to date by far !
these headphones are candy for the ears .
they will not let you down and are worth every penny paid .
i really enjoy my pair of these headphones .
they deliver top notch sound with killer bass .
they can at times be uncomfortable after extended listening periods .
i 've had mine for about 7 months and use them almost every day .
it 's been with me for over ten years !
now , i will use them with care .
but after around 3 years of use , the swivels broke .
both left and right joints are cracking after approximately three years of moderate use .
luckily , it is still functional even with the cracks .
i just wish that it would last just a bit longer .
this headphones gives you excellent sound !
and please do note that this is not a trivial fact .
everything in them is designed to suit this purpose , and no other .
i 've tested them in indoor and outdoor parties and they are invincible .
they are way to bassy in their overall delivery of sound .
for home/portable use , i strongly recommend the sony 7506s .
every situation has its best headphones .
djing : 700s - audiophilia : 7506s
you should know a couple things before you read this review .
one , i 'm not a dj and most likely never will be .
i 'm just a 15-year-old kid who likes his hip-hop .
also , i 've never owned really high-quality headphones until now .
before , all i had was the $ 20 behing-the-neck kind .
so the obvious question is , is it worth this much money ?
i got these as a christmas gift , but i knew the price .
you get a more full sound with these than with cheaper kinds .
it 's clearer and richer .
these are n't amazing changes , but they are definite improvements .
but the biggest change , of course , is the bass .
you do n't just hear the bass .
you can feel it .
it vibrates in your ear .
there 's not much of a bad side .
not much of a price to pay .
but $ 150 is a pretty big price to pay .
listening to music on these is n't a spectacular , life-altering experience .
it 's a noticeable enhancement .
just to get this out of the way , these headpones sound great !
these headphones sound great and i love them .
i only have a few complaints .
the headphones are a little heavy resulting in the headphones slipping off my head .
they have superior sound quality and the swivel-ear thing is magnificent .
they 're not just for dj 's anymore .
the sound is fantastic , the bass is deep and rich without sounding muffled .
amazon.com 's price is very competitive .
i has this headphone .
it is the best.because sound is like some audio .
i mean so powerfull .
so if you put full sound , you may have concert .
now , you want buy just click buy it is good choice .
and by dj , i mean the live-performance variety , not the studio-technician variety .
and , for djs , these headphones are excellent .
the headphones perform admirably in all cases .
you really feel the music .
i was very impressed .
a word to the wise .
if you are a dj , you really ca n't go wrong here .
if you want comparible sound for home use i suggest the bose triport headphones .
sounds better than my stereo systems .
sound is ultra-clear , pure , clean sound .
bass hits very low and hard , awesome for rap songs .
rock songs play great also , guitar riffs have never sounded better .
comfortable to wear , have n't had any problems .
never enjoyed the movie more !
you will not be dissapointed !
they are incredable and simply ca n't be beat .
they simply ca n't be beat for the sound quality , bass reproduction ...
these are excellent headphones !
their bass is astounding , and mid 's and highs are clear and crisp .
i 'd reccomend these headphones to anyone who wants great sound .
this is the best mic i have used for my podcatsing needs .
it 's very solid and well made .
i bought this for my daughter , a beginning flute player .
she says she likes it better than the stands at school .
i checked out a demo of techno ejay and was hooked ! ! ! !
anyone into electronic/club music should get this product .
hours of fun and the mixes sound professional .
well , needless to say , i did n't buy it .
this is an awesome , easy to use program that has many worthy features .
i love this program anyone can use this .
an easy instant gratification fix for the not so musicaly inclined .
great idea nd it does octave the boomwhackers !
the caps were a great addition to the whacky music boomwhackers set .
i highly recommend getting these for your boomwhackers !
without the end caps , the boomwhackers tend to have a more hollow sound .
you can hear the note , but it is n't very strong .
love these and love this instrument !
these make boomwhackers sound like a musical instrument !
tons of fun in my rhythm class
these work well to extend your boomwhacker set down an octave .
necessary to use these to get the most out of boom whackers .
boomwhackers and octavers perform as they should .
it 's not a bad sound by any means , just a different sound .
it is more native or tribal sounding .
love to add these to my class sets of boomwackers .
the kids prefer the ower sound .
they are how they perform with the tubes .
great value and they really increase the depth of the sound for my boomies .
also prevents bending of boomie tips .
these are great to give you an extra octave !
these fit my boomwhackers well .
they appear to be durable .
as a suzuki piano teacher , i work with small children .
even though they 're young , their repertoire is quite extensive .
bought two sets to use .
gives me greater options as a music teacher .
decent price , great service .
the boomwhackers sound so much more resonant with these tubes .
they are more expensive in the catalogues .
the instrument is in pristine condition !
nothing broken and nothing missing .
will order again from same seller if i need another instrument !
**updated review** this is my response to the comment made on my review .
it was a one-time use instrument .
nevertheless , i would say that the sound quality produced is consistently good .
no wonky sounding pitches -- high , low , or mid-range .
a+ plus on that .
our son has been using this for several months as a beginner .
needed one for school and it works perfectly !
exactly the same as the schools if you need a replacement too !
great quality recorder for elementary music teachers .
it performs far better than i do
i got this for my son for music class in school .
it will be handed down to my daughter when she gets to school .
very happy with the quality of this recorder .
great product for price .
my son needed this for school .
for the price you ca n't beat it .
to learn with it 's fine too .
ca n't go wrong with this one .
this is a perfect begginers recorder .
thank you ! ! ! !
works well for school .
ordered for granddaughter , she loved it !
daughter needed for school .
surprisingly of very , very good quality !
bought for daughter in the 4th grade .
nice quality with simple canvas bag .
would recommend to friends .
very nice n clear recorder .
now we play as a family lol
gifted , got no feedback
just takes a little effort to learn , like most worthwhile activities .
purchased this for my 10 year old grand-daughter to use in school .
it is very well made , and sounds great !
just what my daugher needed for school
i like it so far .
my daughter loves her recorder !
i hate it , of course , but she loves it !
i bought it so i could play mario and zelda tunes haha
perfect for my son .
just like he has in school
i ordered two for my daughter 's music class .
they come with a case .
purchased for an 8-year-old who loves it .
definitely worth the price .
bought this for my daughter 's birthday .
that 's common and easy to correct .
it 's a musical instrument .
you have to learn how to play it .
go to youtube for help .
this recorder sounds clear and loud .
hole spacing seems correct .
the holes are easy to cover and there is a clear distinction between notes .
at the price offered at the time of this writing ( approx .
my son loves the recorder .
he 's playing one tune after another .
bought for our niece and she loves it !
great sound ... thank you !
wish it came with a cleaning rod .
it 's worth it .
and get `` it 's recorder time '' add a learning book .
it 's full of all sorts of repertoire .
nice recorder - basic but entirely suitable .
friend of mine separately ordered one thinking the same thing .
aulos a703b was badly out of tune .
very good for under $ 20 soprano recorder .
idk the proper wording ) .
surprisingly it sounded alright .
i just feel bad for our neighbors .
while looking around amazon i saw this 'recorder ' and bought it .
i also bought one for my son just for the heck of it : )
my daughter loves this .
perfect for kid or adult .
works well and is good quality .
comes with a great cloth cover/bag .
great recorder at a great price .
out daughter loves hers .
it was a requirement for her school .
this is the 4th yamaha yrs24b soprano recorder that i have purchased .
we are satisfied with all 4 purchases .
the durability and the sound quality is consistent .
recorder is being used all of the time .
# 1 - just what we needed for school .
perfect my daughter loves it !
i waited to long to return , bought it as a gift ... .
bought for my 18month old daughter to get her making music .
she loves it ! !
bought it for as a gift for my friend b-day !
i am happy for my purchase !
my wife needed this for a music class at her college .
it sounds good and she 's surprisingly good with it .
bought this for my dad.he loved it.worth the money .
this is an excellent , high quality , beginner recorder .
start with this if you are looking to learn to play one .
what an excellent value !
so long , i like it
very well built , wish it came with a spit valve cleaner
secondly , you can indeed get very nice music out of it .
- the experience of the player is what matters .
my daughter 's yamaha runs sharp in about the same area .
beautiful tone and easy to clean .
do n't go with a one piece recorder that they push at schools .
my son loves this recorder .
same one the school uses in 4th grade instrument intro classes .
perfect for my daughters 4th grade music class .
really like that it comes with a carrying case .
very sturdy , great materials and i like that it comes apart for cleaning .
i would expect nothing less from yamaha
hey , it 's a yamaha !
yamaha makes every thing well.. i love this recorder : )
cheap enough to hand out to kids .
for the money , it absolutely ca n't be beat .
i would definitely recommend it for anyone .
very nice recorder for the price !
includes a fabric bag .
arrived fast and is as described .
perfect use for my daughter 's college course .
i thought i 'd have to spend a lot on the next level recorder .
i was pleasantly surprised that this recorder is inexpensive and works beautifully .
not bad for an inexpensive plastic instrument .
i think this is a great recorder for the price .
i really enjoy playing it .
i really enjoyed this recorder .
it was simple and fun , nothing fancy .
my only complaint is that it was really loud .
it was pretty good !
it is a nicely made recorder that i bought for my daughter for school .
otherwise , very pleased with the purchase .
got this so i could play some tunes to my new baby boy .
have n't played in 35years but somehow remembered all the notes !
very nice sounding recorder !
you definitely can not go wrong for $ 10 !
my daughter uses this at school .
we would n't purchase it any where else .
dogs love it ! ! ! ! ! ! !
so happy i purchased this recorder .
great instruments for the price !
got this for a music class in college .
i bought this for my kid for school .
it 's exactly what i expexted , a cheep recorder that works
bought for my 9 year old son who was learning recorder in school .
he loved it and he was able to practice at home .
great recorder ( for the price ) .
it got me back into playing recorder .
quick shipment and my son just love it ! !
i 'm still learning so i ca n't say much about it .
easy to the touch .
great for beginners and on key .
very well made and good for the price
i know this may sound crazy to some .
i bought this flute to play when i am in the woods .
hiking , camping etc .
it is as loud you want and sounds great .
i play some notes and listen .
you can wake up your surrounding 's with this little flute .
i bought this recorder for my daughter .
it is so fun for my daughter trying to learn music .
the shipping was faster that i expected too .
these were purchased as a donation for a charity filling school backpacks with supplies .
they arrived on time and look great !
i received one from my wife and i love it .
it 's made of plastic but it does n't break easily .
i was very pleased with the recorder i ordered and received from you .
had to buy for music class in college .
works good for a good price .
such a vibrant sound , and very easy to play compared to other recorders .
you barely have to blow into it to produce a beautiful sound .
my roommates hate me because i play this thing too much .
arrived quickly and looks exactly as advertised !
the little cloth bag is a nice touch .
i purchased this recorder so i could expand my musical talents .
i thought my kazoo playing was on fleek , but i was wrong .
neighbors have booed me , but friends have encouraged me to continue on .
great gift for friends children !
what a great deal .
my daughter plays this one when i play the slightly more expensive yamanah one .
a fun christmas gift - was enjoyed
exactly what i wanted .
sounds nice , very cheap !
it is sturdy and the sound quality is good .
received brand new as advertised along with storage bag and instructions/finger chart .
this is the best recorder available at this price point , imho .
bought it primarily for my wife , and she really likes it .
you ca n't go wrong with this recorder at less than $ 10 .
exactly as ordered brand new with case
grandson says this thing is awesome ! .
looks to be very quality and a good deal for the price .
wanted to note differences in playing method .
do like the simpler key pattern !
very good product and excellent delivery .
i love it just learning how to play it .
it , s a challenge
good material and quality .
much better than the local store had .
my kid might make through the rest of the school year with this one .
almost as clear as my old and much more expensive dolmetsch recorder .
a very nice warm tone and a joy to play .
affordable , well-made and -- best of all -- fun .
i gave this a try and am quite pleased with everything about it .
now , if i could just play it better ... .
nice recorder , especially for the price .
i bought this for my son to practise at home .
this is a solid one piece block flute that sounds great .
prior to this , my son had a red block flute from first act .
this is a much better quality instrument .
great product and fast shipping
exactly what i expected , great quality .
shipping was quick also !
my cousin loves it .
high quality rich sound .
the best recorder you can buy for the money .
my son enjoys having one at home to use .
my grandson loves this ! !
great for daughters class at school
i recommend the instrument !
i was purchased for a grand child .
i ordered this recorder to replace one that was damaged .
it arrived promptly and is excellent quality .
looks good and plays just fine for my daughter 4th grade class
she wo n't put it down !
this is a great , inexpensive and lightweight recorder .
it 's one piece and comes with a convenient bag to store covered .
used by a beginning recorder player .
can i use this to record my lectures ?
i am a college student and need to record for about 3h each time .
can i connect it to my chromebook n get the files out ?
great purchase for only $ 4 .
this specific model is highly recommended by my child 's music teacher .
bought one for both parents so that we can play along .
i do n't `` love '' recorders .
i bought this for my son to practice on because he wanted one .
he loves it and the price was right .
beautiful sound from a ridiculously cheap instrument .
younger hands have a hard time covering the holes .
bought this for my god daughter for her third birthday !
that was in november and she has n't put it down yet !
good quality , nice size !
good for any body .
my daughter loves it , and i have to listem to it lol
excellent item ! ! !
my one year old loves it .
in this respect it is much more than a toy .
a great parent-child quality time project for the involved parent .
we are happy with the purchase .
well made and tuneful .
i purchased 4 of these as stocking stuffers for my 4 kids for christmas .
i was really surprised at the quality of these recorders .
i am a very satisfied customer and my kids love them !
needed for a grade school music class .
quality instrument that sounds and plays as it should .
rarely has yamaha let me down with any product .
he is playing lots of tunes with it on his own .
granddaughter loved it , good plastic material and quality !
bought this for my granddaughter 's 8th birthday .
quality construction and a nice appearance for a plastic recorder .
also includes a manual and a drawstring bag .
super good for the quality and price .
it plays nicely for a cheap recorder .
the cleaning rod is not included .
great quality and value .
i am a senior citizen learning a bit later than most folk .
my son was taking up the recorder and this was great price .
it has held up well and i would recommend .
best price and product .
so 5 stars for durability and price..
perfect for the money to get my toddler to learn play flute
the yamaha yrs24b is a great flute for beginners and students .
sounds great , my son love it
needed this for school !
great price , fast shipping .
i absolutely love this recorder .
but i am a little dissapointed in the fingering chart .
also it has a great sound .
do not learn the irish tin whistle before you learn to play this .
it was a lot harder for me to play .
clearly i was wrong to give this fine recorder such a rating .
it 's a basic recorder .
good for beginners and getting kids interested in music .
amazing quality at very low price .
my son loved it .
my 5 yr old son like it .
both kids have one and they love them .
my first recorder so i have nothing to compare it with .
playing is fun and improved my music reading skills .
the instrument is well-made and sturdy .
it works much better than the cheaper ones that you would find at toys-r-us .
on top of that it came in a very nice pouch !
the instruction is very sample and clear .
my 8 years old girl can get a simple melody in 3 days !
as expected for a recorder !
very nice product and quickly delivered .
perfect for my third grader
for a cheap recorder they are in tune and sound good .
give them as gifts to revive music in our culture .
this instruments plays very smoothly and bring back memories of my high school days .
it 's a great instrument .
highly recommended in my country
nice for kids ! !
my son loved it !
i bought this for one of my students .
she 's very happy practicing every day with it .
i 'm not good at playing it but my toddler is and its authentic .
worth the price and inexpensive too .
great recorder for the price .
comes apart easily for cleaning and has good sound .
my daughter enjoys playing with her flute .
will buy another one if needed .
great price and quality .
now it 's up to me .
works well , easy to clean
other than that its a great choice
bought two for older kids to learn simple notes .
but my five yr old plays the most !
helped them all get excited about music !
they are definitely student/beginner instruments , but they sound good and are very sturdy .
i bought this to replace the recorder i bought at walmart for $ 1 .
the sound is clean and much louder that the cheap one i have .
i really like it .
the plastic makes it convenient to clean it up after he uses it .
this recorder is easy to play , and has nice tones .
in a word , it is better than i hoped .
my son loves music .
he loves to play music .
however , a lot of his toddler music instruments do n't make real music .
this however sounds like real music .
looks durable and well made , but hard to play .
and really liked it .
thanks for all the resources you have for all i need
basic wind instrument to start teaching children the basics of reading and playing music .
it sounded like a charm .
my son needed this for school or else he 'd lose points .
his teacher loaned him his until this one came in .
this one was exactly like the one the teacher owned .
my son loves it .
this is just as advertised -- a solidly built student instrument .
after struggling with inexpensive dime-store varieties , it 's a pleasure to work with .
sounds was good for the price point .
i had never seen a recorder before except in pictures .
it 's fun to play , and i 'm enjoying it very much
my son is happy .
arrived in great timing .
good price.. for a yamaha recorder .
i would recommend to a friend .
these are great ! !
they 're durable and they do the job !
no complaints here ! !
this is good overall , but sometimes the sound does not come as intended .
i hope it is the way we are playing it .
it meets the needs of the music teacher , who required specifically this brand .
although my kids had used other kind of recorders , they like yamaha the best
i even went back a bought a few more .
i first tried it , oh,35 years ago .
someone i knew from bavaria played one .
35 years latter , i got my own .
plays great and a very fair price .
great quality for a very good price .
that 's all i have to say , , , is that enough now ?
it looks just like the ones we played in elementary school !
very good well-made plastic 3 piece baroque tuning recorder !
buy two and play along with your children !
i had to look up on youtube what notes each hole were .
this flute is a very high quality item for the price .
kids love this flute .
sounds good and is easy to learn to play .
perfect choice for a student starting to be interested in playing an instrument !
it 's not too expensive and relatively easy to learn to play .
this recorder seems well made and comes with a canvas bag .
overall , a simple device that works as described .
also , she suggested that we get a `` 3-piece '' one .
this just means that the recorder can be broken down into 3 pieces .
these are great for my kids to use at school .
ca n't beat the price !
as an adult , i have dabbled in music these last 10 years .
i have an assortment of wooden recorders that cost over $ 100 .
the recorder i play the most is the yamaha yrs-24b !
considering the price , i do not understand why anyone would buy anything cheaper .
still a good quality instrument for the price .
i made the mistake of buying a wooden recorder before this one .
it did n't work .
so i looked around and found this yamaha .
the yamaha was purchased based on other reviews here .
wow what a great purchase .
the notes are clear and the instrument is made from high quality durable plastic .
my 1 and 3 year old makes `` music '' with it .
and it 's easy to clean .
the price was fair and it has a great shine to it .
this is a great recorder for children .
for 5 bucks you absolutely can not go wrong .
this item delivers exactly as described .
the price ca n't be beat .
i highly recommend this product , i would buy it again if needed .
after that point it got a lot of use .
maybe someday her kids will play with it too !
for the price , you simply ca n't beat it .
it never needs repairs !
i purchased this for my 3yr old grandson .
the recorder comes in its own draw string bag .
it seems to be made well .
not flimsey or fragile .
very happy with product .
item was exactly as expected .
daughter loves it and is getting a lot of use out of it .
perfect for my 3rd grader .
he really likes it .
seems to perform fine .
will know with time how it holds up .
my daughter came home from school and wanted a recorder !
found this brand new recorder for 4.99 and she loves it !
my daughter was really happy when this arrived .
it is made of the highest quality and came with a carrying case .
our music teacher recommended yamaha , and she was spot on .
kids who bought the cheaper ones did not sound very good at all .
you can tell the quality , and it is only a few bucks more .
i am very happy about my product .
if someone else want to get this instrument , i 'll recommend it .
this recorder is the best in the market .
sounds are very clear and right .
it 's loud and shrill , which is all i needed it to be .
and would definately plan to purchase a lot more in the near future
i bought this for my daughter so she could practice over the summer .
it 's good quality and the pouch that it comes in is perfect .
i ca n't imagine anything better short of making it from real wood .
i purchased this instrument at the advice of my son 's school music teacher .
he loves to take it apart and spread the pieces around his room .
was great and worked awesome ... . until my dog ate it .
haha , but honestly though , it worked well and was easy to clean .
my 18 month old loves it .
seems sturdy , well made , easy to clean , and it is loud .
he 's happy when he plays with it though , so i 'm happy .
bought as toy for grandson for his music collection .
holds up well to child handling .
also great tone for serious music .
the recorder is great .
i think it is a little advanced for his size .
but he 'll grow into it soon .
this was purchased for my 5th grader .
does n't squeak too much .
i also love the design and color of it ok ?
and i also hope this review helped you make a very wise chose .
procrastination is always my friend .
needed to purchase a recorder for my childs 4th grade music class .
found this one for less money than it was available for in our town .
very nice instrument at a great price .
quality is as expected from a maker such as yamaha .
very nice beginner musical instrument .
try it and have lots fun i love so much
i bought it so i can learn how to play israeli music .
i 'm still learning how to play jewish music for my lord .
i bought this for my daughters musical class .
it is easy to use for a 4 yrs old kid .
the sound is good and my daughter loves it .
bought for my kid to use at school .
well designed and has a beautiful sound .
my daughter has been playing this almost non stop since it arrived yesterday .
she loves it so much .
she is 7. thank you ...
my son needed a recorder for school so i bought this one .
it was better quality than i had expected it to be .
this is a good quality recorder for what is needed for school .
it was good price and i received it in just a couple if days .
it 's very beautiful !
very happy with product !
my daughter loves it and it works so well .
i am really happy with the product !
we purchased this for our 4 year old daughter and she loves it .
it comes with a felt bag for storage , which is great .
she plays with it all the time and we 're very happy with it .
this recorder is easy to play and has a good tone .
these were a great value .
i would recommend any other parents to get them here online .
this is a good stuff , my kid loves it very much .
also it has a good price .
i 'm very satisfied with it .
it really met expectations .
bought this for my young son who is obsessed with music .
el producto llego rapido , la calidad del producto llego en perfectas condicionse .
it works just as what i expected .
nor is it dark brown .
it 's good for the price , nice for beginners .
i was surprised how well this recorder sounded .
i wish it came in more color choices .
my daughter loves it and has several friends ask her where she purchased it .
the tone is quite good for such an inexpensive recorder .
a great beginner/student or backup instrument .
after my two older children got one from their school .
he thinks it 's `` neat '' .
kids really love it .
now he is on the top of the world .
they will probably learn with recorders similar to this in school .
a quality product you ca n't go wrong with .
for the price and material , i was expecting a lesser quality purchase .
but that was not the case .
a good price and a good quality product .
has a number of advantages over the usual recorders for children .
i bought this for my six years old son 's christmas !
it arrived in time thanks to the seller !
it has a great , pure sound for such a great price .
my son enjoys it a lot !
it is also quite durable and can withstand rough treatment .
this is the recorder from your childhood .
for me some amount of quality , accurate pitch and low cost were important .
this recorder met those handily .
the yamaha ysr-24b , uses the baroque fingering system .
the yamaha ysr-23 uses the german fingering system .
intonation is better with the cross-fingering of the baroque system .
this recorder comes with a canvas bag and a fingering chart .
i purchased this for my daughter who is still practicing on it .
it is fun and it was certainly worth the price !
it has a great look .
you can take it apart to clean it well unlike most recorders .
i expected more from yamaha though .
it is n't that great for young children because of that .
very nice color and construction though .
excellent product , shipped really fast and the quality was great .
highly recommend this company .
the carrying case was a great bonus too .
i bought it for my daughter to use in daycare .
packaging was nice and it came with a sleeve .
the ivory yamaha yrs24b soprano recorder took me by surprise .
i purchased a different model of similar price for myself .
the difference between the two were quite noticeable .
yamaha just seemed like so much better quality overall .
i especially liked the super smooth finger holes .
they beg to be touched .
( my other brand recorder did n't have this and i was jealous .
my fingers are much happier now . )
it also comes with a manual/maintenance guide .
the yamaha yrs24b soprano recorder is my son 's first instrument .
i ordered this recorder on amazon and it came faster than i expected .
using this , my son is able to learn his music basics .
he carries it to school whenever he has music class .
for a plastic recorder yamaha soprano is great .
the price is affordable and this one is great for starters .
happy with the find .
now i can show and do some performances .
thanks you very much .
glad this came in so fast .
it is sturdy and has held up well .
the pitch seems fine -- at least compared to other soprano recorders .
the color is a little annoying but it does come in an excellent case .
the price simply can not be beat .
it is exactly what i needed as a beginner of this instrument .
my children love it and they will play with it once in a while .
learning how to play it is very easy in my case .
this recorder has a nice weight and quality sound .
i bought one for each of my grandchildren - they love them !
these are good recorders .
my only disappointment is that they do n't come with cleaning rods .
she has n't recieved it yet , but i think she will enjoy it .
my 8 year old neice loved this as a christmas gift .
it appears to be a very high quality product .
highly recommended product ! !
bought this recorder for my 5th grade son .
it does its job and my son says it plays and handles well .
just handle it with care and it will last .
over 30+ years ago , i played recorder in elementary school .
i remember loving it .
so , i did a bit of searching on amazon and found these .
within three lessons , my kids were playing recognizable songs .
i bought this for my 4 year old grandson .
it plays very well .
it held up to a 4 year old using it .
the recorder arrived promptly to our out-of-state grandson .
i purchased this recorder for my 9 year old daughter for school .
this instrument sounds and looks top of the line !
thank you for the fantastic discount for a quality item .
this recorder is good balance of quality and price .
the color makes it look more like an instrument than a toy .
it seems to have less moisture problems than the clear candy colored sopranos .
yamaha makes a fine recorder for a inexpensive price .
i bought this item as a gift for a one-year-old .
he really enjoyed blowing and hearing the sounds .
then i bought two more for two little girls as a gift .
this is item is an excellent gift for a small child .
the price was just right .
this is a really good product .
my daughter loves it .
she needed it for her music class and it worked wonderfully .
this was bought for a 4th grade student for music class at school .
they needed to bring it by the end of the week .
the seller was fast ! ! !
the product is great !
my son loves it and it has a great sound to it !
works great and shipping was fast .
hi , i want a flute but do n't have enough money for that .
this is a good item .
the recorder was shipped , in excellent condition , on a timely basis .
i am very satisfied .
this is a really nice , inexpensive recorder for learning on .
as i said , excellent recorder for the price .
the sound is decent for a plastic recorder .
this is a good choice for a beginner recorder .
instead of the $ 2 one piece recorders , splurge : - ) .
i bought this as a stocking stuffer for a friend .
now i want one .
bought this for my 4th grader since they are playing recorders at school .
it 's been toted back and forth in his backpack with no problem .
came with a great little fabric bag to keep it clean .
i purchased these recorders to teach to my second graders .
they are good quality for the students .
i have had a yamaha recorder for 15 years .
i recently bought this for my friend who likes mine .
i am a loyal yamaha consumer .
cant go wrong with it .
it is well made and has good sound for the price .
( key words here are `` for the price '' . )
do n't expect it to compare to and `` real '' wooden instrunment .
the c40 is my first guitar and i could not be happier .
it is well built , pretty and sounds beautiful to my ears .
it sounds so good other people do n't mind hearing me practice .
and i even get compliments on the pretty sounds i make with my yammy !
the c40 stays in tune .
it 's not loud .
( i do n't want loud at this point ! )
i am happy the c40 exists and that i could buy it .
if i ever buy another guitar it will probably be a yamaha .
this is especially true with guitars .
so what does that mean , and what should you be looking for ?
folk ( acoustic ) guitars have slightly curved fretboards .
the soft strings give the guitar a full , but soft and gentle tone .
it is not designed for playing heavy metal .
it is a guitar for a small room , not for a stadium .
ymaha is instrumental makers in hamamatsu japan .
especially the most famouse instruments are pianos , grand pianos .
the popularlity to classical guitars may be inferior to yamaha piano .
but the cost performance is great .
you may think that 10000 $ guitars is very high !
gc is used solid woods , and is made by hand-made without machines mainly .
thank you for reading poor english .
it play 's great and sounds great too .
it came fresh new in box .
in very great condition .
no problems all all !
materials far surpass what you would expect from a student instrument .
easily the best sub $ 200 classical guitar .
exactly what i was looking for
i bought it used and it looks like new .
shining , no scratches , clean and sounds beautiful .
very nice one with reasonable price
my husband loves it .
it 's just what he needed .
i moved to the states 2012 and that 's when i bought this instrument .
i would recommend it to beginners or players on an early intermediate level .
for the price , the playability and the sound are really good .
if you want to get truly great sound you pay 8000 us-dollars and up .
then , invest in an instrument with price 1500 us-d and up .
got the item on time and in great condition .
my 15yr old loves it and was very pleased .
beautiful color and design .
i have been playing classical guitar for over forty years .
i was pleasantly surprised after tuning it to find such nice tones .
i think to get something better would be an upgrade of several hundred dollars .
came with the strings already on .
took only minutes to tune it .
i 'm back to playing after many years .
would recommend for beginners as well as experienced players .
the nylon strings are easier on your finger tips than a steel string guitar .
it stays in tune .
my son is equally happy practicing on it .
it was also very well packed and shipped promptly .
perfect for my beginner and intermediate students !
did n't play much but it sounded amazing as far as i could tell .
this guitar is exactly what you 'd expect from yamaha !
it has a rich , warm tone with awesome sustain .
the volume is great and projects better than i would have expected .
it 's also very lightweight ; i was expecting it to be heavier .
very comfortable to hold and play .
it tuned very easily and had no slippage or issues staying tuned .
no fret buzzing at all .
this guitar may be the best value available !
easy to play and sounds great .
feels great , sounds good , holds tuning !
the classical guitar i owned previously was an american made harmony guitar .
i bought the yamaha c-40 used for $ 70 .
it is vastly superior to the harmony in both sound and playability .
this is a great guitar for the money .
i would recommend it for your first classical guitar .
great sound and suitable for age 12 and up through adult .
good looking , too .
packaging left a little to be desired .
it just came in a box without protective styrofoam inside the box .
but the guitar arrived without any damage .
purchased for my daughter who has been playing guitar for 3 yrs now .
she gives it 5 stars .
bought this for my fiance after a house fire ruined the one she had .
sounds good , easy on the hands , durable .
very good instrument for beginners !
this is without a question a great guitar and a great deal !
the sound is amazing .
it comes with yamaha guitar bag and toner and cd .
i ca n't ask more for this price
bass note are vibrant on this .
overall , nice instrument .
great guitar for a great price .
still in a very good condition after so many years of use .
this is a nice entry level guitar at a good price .
the service from the seller was great .
this really is a great guitar .
it has a solid spruce top .
the plywood side and back really do n't diminish the overall sound that much .
i ca n't believe one can buy a guitar this good for the price .
switching the strings to dadarrios new carbon strings really brought this thing alive .
yamaha also makes a 3/4 size and 1/2 size for younger people .
i played the 3/4 size and it is just as nice .
i am very pleased with my purchase .
my son loves this guitar .
it was suggested by his instructor .
it has a great sound .
as always the best price on amazon !
excellent guitar for the money .
this is very useful stuff .
i was very glad about this guitar .
this is simple but goot stuff .
thanks a lot for in-time delivery : )
this is a very nice guitar for the money .
delivery was really quick .
i always loved these yamaha classical guitars .
perfect sound , easy to play and very inspirational .
it is my main composing guitar at this point , i simply love it .
perfect addition to my collection .
it 's lighter than i thought .
sounds okay , not so good but still can not be complained about .
shipment is fast and careful .
i 've been playing classical guitar for about 15 years now .
not professionally , just for fun .
this is what i expected , and at a cheap price .
this guitar was exactly what i needed to start learning how to play .
it is affordable and has a great sound .
i was a very cost-conscious buyer when i was considering different models .
totally happy with the purchase !
he really loved it !
this guitar shows quality but is great for a beginner .
ok , i 'll admit it ... i am guitar crazy !
to me they are just good fun .
i review this guitar based on its features versus price .
that 's why my friend gave it to me .
now it plays really smooth , easy on my fingers .
this is not something a casual guitar player or newbee knows .
the sound is good for this price range .
i even go further to install a preamp/under-saddel transducer to turn it into electric .
plugging into an amp , it sounds amazing .
i can play , amplified , on stage with it .
this is a nice guitar for the money .
i bought it mainly for strumming chords , and it has a nice sound .
my son ended up using it so much i gave it to him .
it 's nice to see him learning on it .
its a good guitar to learn on .
it stays in tune and produces warm tones .
you really ca n't beat the price for this quality .
i bough this guitar for my youngest brother as a gift .
it is a great instrument for everyday practice .
i 've always been a fan of yamaha instruments and electronics .
i like this guitar .
it sounds and plays nice .
if you want nicer , you will have to pay more .
this is a great beginners guitar .
nylon-classicals are famously finicky to temp and humidity .
mine is far more stable than my teacher 's .
i picked up this one and fell in love with it .
: ) well built , good sound quality .
wondering why there 's no `` yamaha '' logo on guitar 'head ' ...
this guitar has a strong neck and keeps its tune for a long time .
many people have played this guitar and just love how it sounds .
you wo n't regret buying this guitar .
classical guitar strings are nylon .
keep guitar away from extreme heat .
this guitar looks nice and has a gloss finish .
the neck is not too big or too small , it 's just right .
back then i transferred easily after a couple years to my gibson j-45 acoustic .
easy and fun to play .
even my instructor who was a hardcore classical player noticed .
the same price and it was not as nearly as good as this one .
you can trust yamaha on this one , this worths every penny .
and still you can re-sell it or keep it for the visits to play .
i really recommend it .
the action is high , but that is the classical guitar for you .
the strings are far apart ... again the classical guitar for you .
my advice is play it for a couple months and then form your opinion .
otherwise you are just frustrated because it is new .
so i can switch back and forth at will .
i have owned several guitars , steel , nylon , 12-string and electric .
the tone is clear and balanced throughout the fretboard .
many guitars in this price range sound more like a toy than a guitar .
this one goes miles beyond that in comparison .
but otherwise this is the best bang for your buck in my book !
i bought this guitar for a friend of mine for her 16th birthday .
this gives me an unbiased approach to the guitar .
martin '' , i 'm obviously going to like how it sounds and all .
the finish was excellent and the fretboard was absolutely even with no flaws .
yamaha totally skimped on the strings which is rather odd !
after restringing the guitar with the d'addarios the difference was night and day .
and it sounds pretty damn good .
some people complained about the cheapness of the tuners .
i do n't see any issues with them , they work just fine .
it is a very nice looking guitar .
very impressive on first looks .
it was one i bought used from a friend 's guitar teacher .
i loved that guitar .
never did i have a single complaint about it .
i 'm not saying the other brands did not sound good .
what i 'm saying is the yamahas sounded great .
having the free shipping option was a major plus .
there is only one reason i needed to call the yamaha customer support line .
i needed to ask where the serial number is located .
i could n't find it to save my life .
my guitar was wrapped very well for shipping .
it came with `` the yamaha guitar quickstart dvd . ''
a `` welcome '' sheet with some good basics for beginners was also included .
it is so good to have another yamaha classsical guitar back in my life .
i am very happy from my purchase .
the guitar sounds very pleasent and the price is totally fair .
i was amazed that i got such a great guitar for only $ 100 .
the finish is excellent and the tone very pleasing .
if you 're starting , this is a nice guitar to start with .
this is the perfect guitar to get that authentic spanish sound .
it is my weapon of choice !
this is a great progam .
the only thing i do n't like , you cant scratch .
but they have prerecorded scratch beats .
i totally recomend this software to anyone .
one can not go wrong with the mixman .
it 's a great back up without the nasty copyright blues .
a riot and a real hitmaker .
this is the coolest piece of software .
its cool that you can export to mp3 .
the sound you get is amazing .
i would definitely recommend this to anyone .
i am a pc music mixing veteran and i 'm very familiar with mixman .
when you 've recorded your completed mix , you just click the save button .
the price is also reasonable for mixing software .
my kiddo loves it ... although not as much as he loves drums .
pricey toy but with tender care and love it would last for more generation .
my daughter 's eyes lit up on christmas morning when they they saw this .
easy assembly ... .took about ten minutes .
it made our christmas !
i got mine a couple of weeks ago and i love it .
but other than that , i think it is great .
the schoenhut concert grand piano is fantastic .
this piano is an investment that will do just that
we had to dismantle this piano partially before we could assemble it .
the cover also had a broken screw which we replaced .
at best the sound could be described as clanky .
this little piano is beautiful , obviously well constructed with good materials .
what a fun little piano !
we have it sitting next to our boston ( steinway clone ) .
i love to practice my pieces on it .
downside : let it air out outside !
chinese finish ... ..really stinky .
unbox it outdoors on a nice day .
then it 's good to go !
super fun -- good quality
excellent quality and delivery .
it looks really pretty .
does not sound good at all .
really toyish ! ! ! !
but a little kid wo n't care .
i purchased this piano for my grand daughter who is 20 months old .
her father is a pastor so she relates it to church .
she is having an amazing time singing and playing her baby grand piano .
amateur use , so have less judgment as to its performance characteristics .
minster cables are the best ! !
i use this cable frequently .
never had any issues with it .
great price from the vendor .
i highly recommend the item .
it has a life time warranty i love
30ft is a practical length for live performances and in the studio .
i have always been a fan of monster cable quality and design .
personally , it 's the only cable i buy .
some might t honk the name is not worth the price .
especially at this price .
received two 30 ft monsters for $ 30 , unreal !
these have never let us down since we 've used them .
everything is tight and tidy .
all sounds recorded through it were crystal clear and had great sound quality .
the signal does not sound not degraded .
i am pleased and would recommend this cable .
if you are looking for mic cables look no further .
monster delivers the best quality out there and you get to decide your length .
i dont have to worry about bad connections or noise from the cable .
came with a quality cable tie .
high quality cable that i highly recommend .
i searched for awhile and this is the best price out there .
you could really tell the difference in the sound with the new cable .
it made a big difference .
i will only buy monster cables in the future .
they cables are pretty awesome .
i have friends ( musicians ) that love these cables also .
love the monster cord and special end that protects the plug .
thanks for a great product that is easy and great to use .
two of my microphone cable went bad .
so i decided to buy a good cable .
i had monster cable before .
i thought they were overpriced .
did n't make any difference .
but not this one .
my mic volume increased like 5 times .
maybe the old cable was unbalanced .
anyway , buy this cable .
unbelievabe clarity and volume !
these cables work well and come with that great monster lifetime guarantee .
i 've had a couple of these for about a year with no problems .
monster cables are very good cables and i received the cables i ordered .
item received as ordered .
be carefull if you want to use this cable with shure sm57 mic .
i 'm gon na have to buy a different mic clip .
they barely outlasted the warranty .
the words `` lifetime warranty '' were the clincher .
thing o ' the past .
tunes it right out .
the signal becomes its own electronic shield against noise .
cheaper cables use a side-by-side or linear configuration .
the jacket resists twisting and uncoils smoothly .
velvety-quiet signal transfer and audio quality that 's good to the last note .
the performance of this cable is astonishing .
it is a must have item !
exactly what i wanted for the right price .
these cables will pretty much out last me .
it is not exactly like the picture .
so , 4 stars .
this is my first cable and i am a guitar beginner .
it works well for my taylor 210e and a qualified mini amp .
good cable if you are not critical about 2 plugs without angle .
perfect for my epiphone sheraton ii .
monster cables are well constructed .
got this one because i wanted the 90 degree plug .
it is very sturdy and will definitely do the job .
this monster cable filled the bill and she is quite pleased .
which means i 'm pleased !
the cable sounds great but most decent quality cables do .
i think the quality control on monster products in general is very good .
i would recommend this product to others .
i bought it for my son 's guitar .
i have used monster cables for years , and with good reason .
the lifetime warranty is worth the price alone .
monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either .
you cant go wrong with monster cables .
so good that i bought another one .
love the heavy cord and gold connectors .
i just learned last night how to coil them up .
i guess i should read instructions more carefully .
but no harm done , still works great !
i am very happy with this cable .
i am so glad i did .
what the more expensive model has going for it is looks .
i was impressed at the speed at which the product came through the mail .
i would recommend to anyone interested based on this order .
it 's everything i wanted ! ! !
: ) 5* great product and an appropriate price
i use it on my lap top computer to restore and clean audio files .
overall , i 've enjoyed working with this product .
highly recommended for the price !
it also has extensive track management features .
real-time simultaneous monitoring of most effects and one direct-x plug in is possible .
when i first started a restoration project my primary concern was quality .
it is extremely efficient .
all in all , magix has filled a huge void in this category .
i would like to try steinberg 's clean !
i bought this yamaha as a gift for our daughter-in-law 's birthday .
another thing that amazed me was how quickly it arrived .
thanks for making the givers and the birthday both very happy .
what a great keyboard !
i am learning to play the piano in my spare time !
the built-in lessons really work .
i am learning at my own pace .
there are a lot of great songs built in .
i love lesson # 2 for the right and left hand .
i have n't learned all of it yet .
i ordered the keyboard with a stand and ac adapter which are essentials .
this keyboard is not touch sensitive which i think makes it easier to learn .
the psr-170 is an affordable , versatile , quality product .
i would buy it again without hesitation .
great for beginners , but more advanced music needs will need more .
does exactly what i bought it for , works great , very happy
but it is not very sensitive .
works just like it should !
good product , good seller
heavy but works like a charm with authentic feel .
all as promised - would do business with them again
use it daily on my keyboard
expected yamaha quality was there .
i 'm guessing it works .
nice , solid pedal .
does not work with line6 equipment .
not yamaha 's fault .
very happy with this purchase .
its yamaha bro u know its dank
highly recommend this product .
it highly improves playing experience
as described , shipped on time .
works great with my yamaha keyboards .
low profile keeps it from getting kicked around much .
rubber on bottom keeps it fairly in place .
nice replacement for a yamaha keyboard .
no frills , just works .
much better than the flimsy plastic pedal that came with my yamaha piano .
the reverse polarity thing is a know problem that has been around forever .
bottom line : good quality pedal for the money .
it works well and stays out .
nice action ; comfortable ; stable .
great price and fast shipping .
works perfectly for our church needs !
product arrived as promised and performs as advertised .
i bought one previously to this one .
it worked as great as my last purchase .
great piano sound , eat andcompact afforda ble for my students
works perfectly for my p-105 yamaha piano .
works great with my yamaha keyboard !
works very well on korg krome 88
was a package deal with piano and stand , thanks again , daughter loves it
worked great with yamaha ydd-40 drum set .
having this sustain pedal makes it possible to create beautiful music .
it 's simple , seems pretty sturdy , and works as expected .
works right out of the packaging .
what else can i say ?
better than the one that comes with the keyboard .
excellent quality build for an inexpensive pedal .
good price too ! !
what can i say ?
this has been and still is the industry standard volume pedal .
i use 4 of these in my gig rig .
you ca n't go wrong .
yamaha 's equipment is always first-rate .
overall works really well for a keyboard pedal / the price .
bought it so my sons yamaha keyboard has a pedal .
no problem so far .
great expression pedal , i have 3 of them .
always reliable in my experience and they have a nice even feel .
i use them for multi keyboards on stage and in studio .
yamaha flips the polarity .
i will update this review if i have any issues .
works as stated and no squeaking ... yet !
glad i did because this is a keeper .
son said it works well
no switch for different types of keyboards .
other than that , this is a very durable pedal .
it is an excellent pedal just not for my use .
good product , just what were looking for , thanks
good proctor from a good seller !
just as good as new !
absolutely a wonferful addition to the keyboard .
nice n fluid as well as having an adjustable range of drive .
what you would expect from yamaha .
nice compact , authentic keyboard pedal .
used perfectly for yamaha and roland keyboards !
no issues , no faults .
excelente producto ! ! ! !
this expression pedal is top notch .
it 's rugged and sturdy and ready for the road .
i have n't had any issues with slippage and it 's smooth .
good product for such a price .
my bad i did not read the instructions properly .
later i switched of the keyboard and reinserted and everything was fine .
works just like i wanted .
great product , fast shipping .
works great with the looptimus pedal and for assigning into ableton .
works great and build quality is much better than the original .
for what you pay , this is a great pedal .
this is a sturdy large pedal , even wider than my guitar wah pedal .
i bought this for use with my yamaha reface .
this is a great buy for amazon primer 's .
it was exactly what i needed .
dope and good quality with little suttle features like adjusting how far it goes down
great replacement ca n't even tell a difference
this is an awesome , dependable , sturdy pedal .
yamaha fc7 might be the cheapest volume pedal with decent quality .
you might not be able to find any better pedal at $ 30~40 range .
it 's just attached with thin double tape .
so i put thick wood board under the pedal ans now it 's perfect .
product delivered when promised and was as advertised .
i 'd recommend this if you 'd want to practice with it .
pros- it 's a good size and length cons- not a comfortable angle .
you do n't have as much control with it .
ordered this at the same time as the power cord just to have it .
good solid pedal but not switchable .
polarity is normally closed.. make sure you can use it .
the yamaha fc4a piano pedal is just what i was needing .
i use for the piano in church , it works very well .
does what i need it to !
this has been amazing .
i use it with my nord stage 2 and it works perfectly .
works great with my yamaha moxf8 .
works great and came in one day !
it works but i can not recognized the difference with or without it .
works fine with my yamaha keyboard .
original yamaha pedal works great .
works well with my yamaha keyboard ; like the heavy weight & feel .
great keyboard pedal , look up easy , works fine !
works great with yamaha stagepas systems for controlling effects on and off !
robust , long pedal travel , smooth action .
works fine , does what it 's supposed to .
emulates my first ever stomp box !
industry standard for yamaha .
i love these flat fc5 sustain pedals .
they are much more durable the standard pedals .
my husband loves it !
perfect accessory to ypg-235 , though works with numerous yamaha keyboards .
follow instructions for proper setup .
did n't think it would work for that purpose but it does .
opposite of how a normal foot pedal for tattooing does .
the is far superior to the pedal that came with my yamaha keyboard .
it feels much more like a piano and functions very well .
my daughter loves it !
she says its just like a piano pedal .
much heavier than the plastic lightweight pedals out there ...
i am used to a regular pedal .
i may order the acoustic style sustain pedal just out of personal preference .
it works perfectly and has a nice heavy feel like a real piano .
it really feels like a piano pedal
received it on time , at good price and works well .
it is a very good quality pedal with a lot of resistance
just as advertised ... .works perfectly
this was for my musical grandson .
it is just what i needed plus it got here on time
great pedal for the price .
my daughter loves it .
it has made her keyboard much more usable .
tried an off-brand , cherub .
bought this one by yamaha .
works as it should .
i have a yamaha keyboard .
perfect gift for our church
very good product in terms of the price , make , material and usability .
it is best if you can place it on a small rug .
works perfectly , i have used for keyboard and guitar pedal control .
solidly built , exactly what you would expect .
the step response is reliable , and appropriately pressure .
i do worry about liquid spills , but have n't had any problems yet .
just what i needed .
very sturdy and not as `` slippery `` compared to the fc3 .
works well with yamaha 's keyboard .
very good quality and built .
affordable and reliable for heavy users .
perfect for my yamaha 235
then you just turn it off and on again to reset .
works beautifully ! ! !
workperfect on my yamaha montage
i 've been playing piano for almost a year ... without a pedal .
i did n't realize how much i was missing until i bought this pedal .
it is very well made and works like a charm .
it 's so fun ! !
works great with my tascam dp-008 as a punch in/out footswitch .
shipped on-time , as well .
happy with the product .
honestly not a great deal to say about this pedal .
it functions , and well .
works on pretty much any synth , certainly every one i tried it on .
can throw you off when playing .
set them both up in our bedroom and the result is amazing .
worked well with my nord .
otherwise , does the job of sustaining .
and it does n't drain the battery too much from my yamaha .
simple on off switch that only needs to be pressed once .
pros : only needs to be pressed once , long cable .
cons : rubber top padding seems to be coming off .
i use it with my hammond xk-1 .
make it more like a piano
what can i say ?
i broke an old pedal and needed a replacement .
these yamaha pedals are bulletproof .
i have two of these and neither of them has ever let me down .
better than all the reviews about plastic made cases .
took off 1 star .
works great on my roland keyboard .
almost like playing my old grand piano .
just the right pedal for my yamaha ez220 piano.l
fyi this pedal is not compatible with the alesis v25 keyboard .
feels like it 'll be sustaining my notes for ons to come .
got it for my daughter .
she is taking piano lessons and needed a sustain pedal for the yamaha keyboard .
she likes it and says it works .
i think it 's just fine .
could n't be happier with this purchase .
been using this for several months .
no slip , good feel .
works backwards but figured out correct way by reading previous reviews thanks
this is a classic pedal used by above your average amateurs .
even though im using a roland brand keyboard this pedal works awesome
great quality , smooth action , works as it should .
solid and well made .
awesome ... ... . worked as expected and delivered on-time .
the price was right and it works .
what else can i say ?
would buy it again .
all in all , it is worth the buy .
if using it at home i 'm sure it will hold up .
was wrapped nicely , and works excellent on my keyboard .
i like the sustainer and it helps me with what i wanted to do .
works perfectly with our yamaha keyboard .
excellent , just as expected .
getting another one for my 6
does exactly what it supposed to do .
works well with my yamaha p115 .
well , this pedal works wonders !
it gives it a full resonance that i could not be happier with .
i 've been using it for months and is holding up really well .
have 2 of them now , working flawlessly .
much cheaper than most competitors , too .
performs how you would expect it to from the looks .
has decent resistance like a real pedal too .
needed because one i had broke .
works great with my cp4 .
this one is a lot better in terms of quality .
the yamaha fc3a worked perfectly with my moxf8 .
i am pleased with the purchase .
it does what it says it would .
my teacher says i did good picking this for my yamaha keyboard .
it works superb with my yamaha reface cp mini analog electric keyboard
it works very well with my motif !
this pedal replaces the one just like it and works fine .
this is not that pedal .
this yamaha sustain pedal fc4a is very durable .
it worked as advertised .
factory fresh pedal that works fine .
good thick cord to last for awhile .
it is heavy , sturdy , and does n't move around .
works great with the electronic drum we have
simple and inexpensive works well .
my boys love this pedal
very well made with quick shipping .
works perfectly and very good build quality .
works perfect with my old yamaha keyboard at school .
solid and quality product .
wanted another because it is so well made .
comes with hardware to hook them together .
exactly the quality you would expect from yamaha !
high quality materials and well made .
it has a little stiffer feel than a traditional piano pedal , but works perfectly
just a fyi to anyone that maybe looking .
this works with my tascam dp 008ex
great prices & great service .
great gift , well received .
comes in handy for keyboard
works like it 's supposed to -- perfectly .
shipped rapidly and in great condition .
my son likes it and it works well .
this item is exactly what my grandson needed .
and it works perfectly without shoes on .
i use this on my yamaha moxf8 synthesizer .
the yamaha feels like a piano pedal and so far works perfectly .
ca n't ask for more than that .
it works , its yamaha , what did you expect ?
just like the real thing .
came in handy for the grandson
great product , much better than the one that comes with the piano
what a difference from the silly little foot switch that comes with the piano .
what a great value this is .
it is well built and looks great .
this is a must-have for any keyboard or electronic piano .
does exactly what it is supposed to .
i like the half damper feature .
just started to learn through independent study and online videos .
this pedal makes me sound so much better than i am .
it 's a lot bigger than the picture ; that 's a good thing .
i 'm keeping it when i upgrade to the motif series of keyboards .
works perfectly with my keyboard .
good weight and feel .
works just like a regular piano sustain pedal .
much better than the one that came with the yamaha key board .
nice item , good value ,
pedal polarity did not match my roland keyboard .
contacted yamaha and i was instructed to go to keyboard settings and change polarity .
pedal looks professional but is a little large for my keyboard .
i use it near-daily on my roland fa-06 .
fyi it 's very sensitive .
had one before cause it was really good so why not buy it again .
bought another after this review : )
nice and smooth press , no clicking or noise when pressed .
does exactly what it is supposed to do and appears to be built well .
not cheaply made , should be a long lasting pedal .
this is a great pedal !
sturdy rugged and works as expected .
however there is a solution .
this one is just what i was hoping for .
it is affordable and perfect for my uses .
i bought this even though this is more expensive than other pedals .
if you have yamaha keyboard , just buy this .
just plugged it in and it works like its suppose to do .
i 'll see how long this one lasts .
i had a fc3 and that one lasted about 2yrs before it started squeaking .
works great with my yamaha ypg-235 !
high quality , great performance .
the spring offers enough resistance to give close to real feel .
mine have held up fine through numerous shows with no issues whatsoever .
some people might not like the heavy weight , but i love the heft .
no accidental kicking it around with stage antics , and built like a tank .
one of the best out there .
long throw , and have had several .
works fine for our yamaha and nord keyboards
my son plays piano and has a full size keyboard .
this works great with it .
just make sure and follow the directions to plugging it in .
arrived intact , works as designed .
very good sustain pedal for a very good price .
the fc4a is a vast improvement at less than twice the price .
i guess that 's what the `` improved '' label means .
still do n't know how they do that .
solid construction , compact , i expect to have this pedal forever .
sustains well and have had no issues .
the best price in the market , could not find a used one anywhere .
just what i needed , best foot pedal ever
it 's an original yamaha pedal -- smooth , quiet , and sturdy .
i bit smaller that my huge foot would like .
performs as yamaha designed it .
now my electric keyboard works like a real piano ! !
i am a novice piano player .
i 've been taking lessons for less than a year .
i do n't have a piano at home , but instead use a keyboard .
my instructor suggested i get a sustain pedal .
bought this as a replacement for the one i lost .
yamaha quality ! ! !
the pedal works in perfect conditions
works great on roland eg-101 .
solid and heavy on construction .
yamaha does not disappoint on this one .
have had it 4 like 3 years and still kicking
nice and accurate pedal .
i use it for volumen control and totally love it .
works very fine with the korg kronos x music workstation .
purchased to use with a yamaha keyboard ... .love it !
just what we needed .
use this with my alexis sr 18 and it works fine .
seems to be pretty solid .
so far so good .
it is quiet and works perfectly
i had also purchased the kurzweil cc-1 to compare pedals .
the cost for the fc7 was less than 1/2 of the kurzweil cc-1 .
overall , yamaha fc7 wins , hands down , over the kurzweil cc-1 .
also thanks to other reviewers , i had no trouble with reverse polarity .
attention : unplug the keyboard before plugging in the sustain pedal ! !
it 's not a big deal if you do n't though .
it does n't slide on a wood floor , either .
works great and delivered faster than expected .
works perfectly after setting up the yamaha djx
excellent buy and fast shipping
i 'm using it on commercial carpet and it does n't slide around .
was great and thank you indeed .
high quality and stays in place .
this volume pedal is ideal for control between my effects processor and acoustic amplifier .
it is a rugged pedal with plenty of cable .
these are great pedals .
it sustains with the pedal up , right ?
it has reversed polarity because you did n't unplug your adapter .
pedal works as advertised .
good option to have when needed .
helps keep a performance flow when both hands are occupied otherwise .
so i think it is essential equipment .
i will have to order the model number for casio only .
i had no problem returning it and getting reimbursed .
perfect should have bought it years ago
i am very satisfied with this pedal ordering from amazon .
i am giving it 5 stars because it did what it guaranteed !
( 1 ) reduce click sound ( 2 ) not slide around .
so far it is so good , it does not make any annoying noise .
but this new one does not slide around !
i put it one top of a carpet , by the way .
way better than the plastic , squeaky roland version .
this pedal is heavy duty and smooth .
only drawback is the weight , it 's pretty heavy .
but still hands down the best .
a good price and a very good product .
it seemed to be a great buy .
over the years i have had several .
i always go to this pedal as long as the polarity matches .
it is particularly great for organ styles .
as it is big , rugged , and has a long throw .
very happy with product .
son lost his pedal in moving and this works great !
very rugged pedal , very well made and heavy .
works like a champ .
highly recommended ; both the pedal and the seller .
would definitely buy again .
solid and really low to the ground so i can easily stand and play .
replacement pedal that works great .
delivered on time and as described .
nice and does what it suppose to do .
simple but perfectly functional ... does what it says ... sustain .
the sound from the keyboard is 100 % better .
i was very happy with the purchase .
just what we ordered and wanted
i use two of these to trigger my alesis sr16 for live performance .
works great like the last one that our bunny chewed through .
great grip on your foot and great price .
i bought this to use with an old yamaha spx90 .
my only complaint is that it only has one function .
the chord could also be longer .
i specifically looked for this one .
it wo n't go anywhere with a carpet .
a high quality sustain pedal without the high price ! ! !
delivered in its original box
excellent product , thank you !
sturdy design and the cord fits nicely inside when packed up .
works perfectly as intended .
i really love the way this pedal feels .
it 's well made , and is very easy to push down .
i 'll probably replace the rubber with something that has a better grip .
works very well , and was timely .
nice solid feeling pedal .
long , thick cord with a quality connector on the end .
works great as an effects switch with my mg10xu .
works great ... good value .
does what i needed it to do .
feels good to me .
note some devices ( my roland rd-500 keyboard included ) need an adapter .
a good value for the money .
only concern i have is i wish the cord was longer .
a nice addition for my use of the piano setting on the keyboard .
wish i had gotten one a long time ago .
i purchased a keyboard for our winter condo .
i love my piano and could n't get used to no pedal .
top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
pro-level equipment , well produced .
extremely useful for live synthesis .
you can never go wrong with these pedals .
go ahead save a buck and buy it here !
works great with neo instruments ventillator ii .
i highly recommend it for this application .
rounds out playing capability of keyboard .
so i ordered extra pots directly from yamaha .
sturdy , good quality .
works my nord electro 3. wide range of expression .
light but not chincy .
good sustain pedal for my yamaha keyboard .
this is the best expression pedal you can buy .
none of the others felt solid , and they lacked quality .
one of them , another name brand , did n't even work consistently .
the product was delivered on time and works perfectly as described
it works perfect good price
as advertised and speedy service .
this thing is built like a tank and works wonderfully .
it works perfectly with my korg kronos and my korg krome .
i 've also tried this with a yamaha and it works great .
this pedal is one of the best of its kind .
best to use with yamaha instruments .
nicely weighted & feels great to control .
perfect and arrived quickly .
these pedals are great .
simple , sturdy and functional .
it 's just a momentary switch , but functions well .
the rubber on both the top and bottom provides good grip .
the housing is metal and seems sturdy , in case you are wondering .
one of the better quality pedals .
still the best expression pedal out there !
has to be required to use on some cv value devices .
it work very good be back to get something eles .
had to buy to replace one that got lost in moving to/from storage .
it works like the original pedal ...
plug and play with my sons keyboard , easy as cood be !
this pedal is exactly that we need for the yamaha keyboard of our church .
it is the original item .
the price is three times more economic that you imagine .
excellent product 100 % recommended seller
quick shipment - just as listed !
these little pedals never fail .
i have had one for over 20 years , and it always works .
personally , i will not be buying any more fc4-type pedals .
the ones i have that still work will be used at home .
music sounding better with the yamaha fc-5 sustain pedal for portable electronic keyboards
i wanted a sustain pedal for quite some time .
i am satisfied with the product and happy .
been using this particular model yamaha volume pedal since the 1980s .
the pedal feels good under your foot and it is smooth .
if you use more than one , they can be conveniently attached together .
i have been using this pedal for the last 15 years .
i was using my bands pedal and now i thought of owning .
have tried other brands in stores and was not satisfied .
i 've had no problems or issues with it !
works just like the original one !
i should have purchased this a long time ago .
exactly what i was expecting , and totally meets my needs .
i got it to have it if i needed it .
if i was really good i can see the need .
but this is a keyboard not an organ .
thank you amazon for selling professional music gear on your site .
i dread the thought of stopping in my local guitar center to buy anything .
anyone that 's had that experience knows what i 'm talking about .
received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door .
no traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission .
this was no exception .
the packing was excellent , lightning fast , and the seller kept me informed .
does what a sustain pedal is suposed to do .
price ok. after a year of using it it still works perfectly .
nice feel that mimics b-3 throw .
heavy construction seems to hold up .
i had to buy a polarity revering cord to use with my kurzweils .
i plugged it in and it worked perfectly for our yamaha keyboard .
just what i ordered .
i bought this to use with my tyros 4 and it worked just great .
feels substantial under your foot and has good response .
it works perfectly with my synthesizer .
this guy is made out of metal .
so far so good .
have n't had any issues with it .
works like it 's supposed to work .
serves it 's purpose .
so far , this footswitch is working very reliably and is solidly built .
i 've found a way around it .
this way i avoid this awkward foot position when it 's fully muted .
it only took about 10min to switch my brain and use it in reverse .
and i 'm not changing back - it works and it 's very comfy .
i got it to use with my new nord stage keyboard .
it does what it is designed to do .
especially for an inexpensive portable machine like mine .
it works for me , thank you .
it works great with my korg krome-88 synth .
will buy from again if i ever lose the pedal during a move !
make sure it fits your piano !
simple and works as advertised .
has multipule uses with other on/off type devices .
i would recommend to anyone .
build quality was better than expected , very nice pedal .
does what i need it to , and makes the organ sounds more expressive .
the fc-5 sustain pedal is the one that goes with this style keyboard .
the pedal is very durable and functions the way it should .
it is a good price for a genuine yamaha pedal .
( the issue turned out to be the jack in my keyboard . )
we needed this for our son 's outdoor wedding .
now i will have it on hand whenever i need one .
i had tried to find this online but thought my keyboard was too old .
delighted to have it .
these do n't need much of a review ; they 've been around forever .
affordable , do its job as intended .
compatible with my yamaha motif xs 6 and nord electro 3 .
it works great , its new , description was exactly what i received .
yamaha is better than the m audio pedal by far .
there is nothing special about this product .
it works like it should .
this pedal works excellent with my old yamaha electric keyboard !
i use this pedal to advance my tama rhythm watch programmable metronome on stage .
this pedal feels solid and works very smoothly .
however , be aware that some expression pedals are wired differently than others .
google it -- there are some good blog posts on the subject . )
when i did that , the expression pedal worked perfectly .
i use this while gigging with my mox6 .
sturdy , built well , and works just like you 'd expect .
gives me the full volume range with good micro-adjustment .
bought my husband an electric drum simulator set .
i searched a lot before i found this one .
this is a great pedal .
i can say : it arrived on time .
it 's been fun to use .
it definitely added a dimension to playing my yamaha e433 that was lacking .
a lot more durable than i expected .
nice weight to it , feels professional quality .
works fine as an attachment to my keyboard .
bought this for my daughter 's new yamaha keyboard .
worked perfect and the price was right .
would buy again if needed .
i bought this to use with a steinberg/yamaha ci2+ , from their recommendation .
a simple basic design , but well executed .
you would have to work real hard to break this .
this works great for sustaining notes .
i have absolutely no complaints about this item .
it sounds great and has no flaws at all .
-this sustain pedal works as great as any other pedals out there .
good sound - does n't linger after release and no vibration .
the pedals worked as advertised on drum kit .
it was definitely a worthwile purchase .
my grandson plays with the drum kit everyday .
no , this pedal does not feel the same as a conventional piano pedal .
yes , it does tend to walk away .
but it does the job of sustaining notes at a very affordable price .
it is also very lightweight and travels well .
save heavier pedals for heavier duty keyboards .
what can i say about a sustain pedal other than it works great ?
low profile , easy to depress ... all i can think of .
works s it should and it does n't weigh too much .
it could be smaller and a little cheaper , but no big deal .
this is a great peddle .
but it works perfect .
i am glad i got it .
i am very pleased with this product .
it 's very easy to set up .
the pedal is very effective .
good price and good product .
yamaha is very good .
worked just fine as an expression pedal for my zoom 505ii .
you need a `` continuous control '' pedal for digitech devices .
the price was great .
controls volume by default and works well .
very large like hammond expression pedals .
originally wanted moogerfooger pedal , this was second choice .
no polarity switch - would not work with casio .
keep swinging and playing music fats waller is the best !
got this for my yamaha ex5 in addition to the fc3 and fc7 .
i needed the whole set to setup different parameters and control to each .
got this guy and it works perfectly with my yamaha ex5 .
very sturdy in its construction .
great control/motion over the volume unlike other controllers that have a smaller range .
yamaha pedal for a yamaha keyboard .
this is the recommended pedal for my synthesizer and it works like it should .
i 've tried other cheaply built boxes , and they lasted about two weeks .
this sustain pedal works great and is better made than others .
arrive on time as agreed upon will recommend to friends
this met all my expectations .
excellent product ! ! !
excellent package ! ! !
i have no complaints with the product or with your dealer ! ! !
he uses it just fine .
really it would have been problematic not to have it !
i 'm enjoying this pedal .
the pedal keeps its position where i set it .
i have not used the boost function yet so do n't ask about that .
an added bonus is the pedal angle adjustment for using it standing vs. sitting .
at last ! ! !
i got my new yamaha volume pedal .
the pedal works perfect with my electric keyboard .
just plug it in and it works .
this was a specified gift an individual wanted on her amazon.com wish list .
she likes it so what more can i add ?
for the money -- very durable .
i have two of these .
they are built like a tank , operate very smoothly .
i like the fortissimo feature ( spring return ) .
it is a very good value for the price .
the only negative i would give it is big .
very sturdy for on stage applications .
just unscrew the pedal and swap out the contacts .
i 've tried a few volume pedals out there .
this is the top of the list .
other volume pedals out there feel cheap and plastic by comparison .
very wide dynamic range .
note that the roland lasted many depressions over 12 years of use .
from the photo it looks cheap but it 's very solid .
the rubber on top grips foot well too .
i bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard .
it does just what i wanted it to do .
purchased this pedal for the yamaha ydd40 portable electronic drum kit - wow !
really impressive considering the low price .
100 % satisfied with this product !
i was ready to return it until i read the other reviews .
it works great now .
thank you very much !
i bought this to replace my old one , which had a missing screw .
i dig it 's compact form factor and reliability .
it worked as expected with the ydd40 yamaha drum set i purchased from amazon .
boy did you all come through .
less than two days delivered .
i purchased the yamaha fc7 for the keyb exp organ module .
some people refer to it as a long throw volume pedal .
besides the expression pedal on my b-3 it is the best i have used .
the price does n't hurt either !
i was extremely satisfied with my purchase .
overall its a great sustain pedal .
this pedal worked great and feels very durable and solid .
it acts as a simple *normally closed* switch .
i ordered the sustain pedal to use on my old yamaha keyboard .
it works great , now i love playing on my keyboard !
it depresses notes beautifully and never gets jammed or stuck .
this item is exactly what was need for my yamaha keyboard .
bought this for my roland juno-g. works great .
expression volume sweeps from low to high very nicely .
product is made tough .
i 'm sure i will enjoy this for years to come .
note : i have not tested the yamaha piano like pedal .
i actually purchased this to act as a foot pedal for a yamaha y-dd40 .
i have n't tried any other foot pedal though .
got this thing because of the great reviews .
the footpedal works just fine and is a must for any keyboard without one .
when lifting the pedal the sustain stops immediately .
overall i would recommend the pedal .
i plugged it into my yamaha psr-520 digital keyboard .
it must be me .
but it did not make any difference .
may be , i do not know how to make it work .
i had ordered another yamaha `` piano style '' foot pedal .
it is sitting idle next to this one .
is there any screw/nut to be adjusted ?
i needed a sustain pedal for my yamaha portable electronic keyboard .
thankfully , amazon was able to provide on at a reasonable price .
it works very well .
if amazon.com has what you need , i would recommend doing business with them .
the foot petal works great !
i 'm very happy with it !
the price for the petal was also very reasonable .
i 'm glad i purchased it .
the pedal operation is very smooth and well controlled .
the pedal stays at whatever volume setting you choose with no slipping .
the sustain pedal i purchased through amazon .
was easy to install , had plenty of cord , and it works great .
i am very pleased .
this pedal is made for yamaha keyboards .
being made of metal , not plastic , it 's very durable .
travel with at least two of these if you 're a yamaha multi-keyboardist .
they 're easy to store .
built like a tank and does all it 's suppose to do .
heavy construction which means it will last for years .
i love my yamaha products because there built with quality .
pro : the pedal is very sturdy .
has got the yamaha quality .
yet to find out if it works with an extension .
con : yet to find ...
fits perfectly with my electronic keyboard .
nice and its metal with a rubber top !
heavy and feels very quality .
if your anything like me , you have gone through a few pedals .
nice rubber top , with metal ( no plastic here ! )
good , long chord ( but not ridiculously long , which is good ) .
quality to cost , this is your best bet , right here .
it 's an expression pedal and it works just fine .
i got mine used , and it arrived in a dirty filthy state .
had to clean it first .
so that 's why the 4 stars .
consider spending the extra bux anc get a new one for 5 stars .
for a basic sustain/momentary latch controller , these little guys are great .
the casing is made from metal and feels very durable .
plugged it into my piano and it worked with no problems .
this yamaha fc-5 sustain pedal works perfectly with my yamaha dgx-200 .
the pedal feels very well made .
the cord is exceptionally thick and flexible as well .
could n't ask for a better made product .
this is a great little pedal .
i use the fc-5 in conjunction with my yamaha psr-e213 .
it plugs in and plays perfectly .
it creates a semi-realistic and beautiful sustain .
this does exactly what it supposed to .
it has a pretty solid build and feels like it will not break easy .
if you are looking for some cheap sustain , this is your product .
this is only a stupid switch .
it works good , push to contact , leave to no contact .
this sustain pedal is decent , especially for the price .
overall , great buy for the price .
this product did the job and works great .
this pedal works great with our keyboard .
i kept having problems finding it with my foot or having it move .
( glue would work too . )
i even put little rubber feet on the other side of the board .
this setup works perfectly .
it will get a great deal of use on stage .
it works just as advertised without any trouble at all .
quite a strange bug related to a product .
overall , this works just fine for me .
i 've been using it with my ypt-300 , and it is working perfectly !
this sustaining pedal is just what you need with your new keyboard .
better off going with a casio pedal if you own this brand of keyboard .
this yamaha pedal feels of good quality , and it functions as advertised .
otherwise , the polarity is incorrect , and the pedal may not function correctly .
my music is a little better but the pedal itself works great .
i read the comments about it working backwards and tried some experiments .
to fix it just turn the power off and on again .
the peddle itself looks fairly well constructed especially considering it 's low price .
this is a bargain and certainly fills the bill for me .
get used to this and i am sure you will appreciate the bargain .
i purchased cakewalk hs2002 when it first came out .
there is a lot that you can do for a home studio !
this is not for beginner musicians .
recording audio and midi so easily is so amazing in this product .
you get a bunch of loop writing programs to install as well .
i am in 180 degrees of opposition to the `` sour grapes '' reviews .
having read the review after ordering i was worried .
however haveing spent just a day with it my concerns are gone .
for drum loops use `` fruity loops '' ( on the cd ) .
cakewalk is as competent a sequencer as any individual musician could possibly need .
yamaha is really good at producing good-sounding guitars at low prices .
unlike other cheap guitars at the same price , these do n't sound horrible .
however , yamaha is merely average when it comes to true guitarists ' guitars .
many squier guitars that cost around ... are not that good .
another thing about squiers .
they are not as well built as some yamahas .
their amp jacks tend to get loose every once in a while .
another important thing for beginners .
the slimmer necks make it easier to play if you 're a beginner .
you get everything you need with this package .
the guitar book is pretty good although there are better ones .
it comes with an extra set of strings and picks .
its a good deal , i highly recommend it .
granted , you will need pedals to assist you and perhaps a decent amp .
if you do n't like it email me at jcsilva1606 @ gmail.com rock on
i bought one of these thinking it would be a peice of junk .
but it is very sturdy and it sounds good .
the best part is it comes with evrything you need .
and it stays in tune for ever .
i recommend this guitar for begginers and advanced .
but the price here is a bit high .
but if you go to sportsmensguide.com you can get it for 50 bucks cheaper .
i recieved this guitar package as a christmas gift only a few days ago .
my first time to play a guitar was on christmas day .
the method book is very easy to understand .
in my opinion , the guitar sounds and looks great !
i am very pleased .
the price is highly economical .
i have seen many other beginner packs selling for more than $ 300 .
it is also manufactured by yamaha , which is a very trusted brand .
i love this guitar .
it is well built and great if your a beginner .
it even includes an amplifier .
$ 200 for a guitar and amp : great .
it has cool tuning machines .
i have a more advanced guitar though now .
clear audio instead of ticky like before .
i even put it near the engine of my car and revved the engine .
did n't get overwhelmed and captured all of the audio .
this mini microphone attaches to my voice recorder and is a perfect fit .
i 'm using this recorder for acappella singing .
bought this item because i needed to improve the efficiency of my recorder microphones .
i gave this accessory to my husband as an early christmas present .
he uses it through biking to recording our daughter and it does its job !
makes the video voice quality all the more amazing !
i received this mic in a very timely manner , and it works good .
all is well ... thanks..
i used it to mic a recital .
the sound quality was excellent .
i would highly recommend this product to everyone !
very nice , very sensitive for the price .
hope this helps to anyone interested on buying it .
i have made , with this program , over fifteen songs .
i highly recommend it .
i was plesantly surprised when it arrived !
nice construction and awesome sound pickup .
i need to buy another .
i purchased this microphone just to compare with the mics i own already .
what more could you ask ?
it 's pretty stable too and not too heavy .
like another poster , i use the atr-30 mic for ham radio .
the money saved had paid for a good bit of quality coax .
and my expensive heil collects dust .
give it a shot , you wo n't regret it .
it is a great one in this price range .
i love the product and in-time delivery .
i had no problems with purchase or delivery .
i might even get a second one for a spare .
this microphone is the best for your money especially from amazon .
this microphone is crisp and clear .
no static can be heard and is a very inexpensive piece to add .
i would recommend it .
i needed a second microphone for our karaoke music stand .
the sound quality of this microphone is perfect for our needs .
it comes with a stand .
we did n't need that anyway , but just to let you know .
i could n't be happier with my purchase .
the mics were just what i needed for my television production class .
this is a first class set and as noted is almost too nice .
the cymbals are also loud but do have a professional sound quality .
do recommend this purchase .
by far the easiest cable i have ever worked with .
lesson learned , always get a longer roll !
this product worked just as advertised with great pleasure .
sounds great , a huge upgrade from my old cheapo walmart wires .
i used this in my home theater system for all speakers .
this was perfect , and cheaper than what could be found in local stores .
i used this cable to wire the speakers on my vintage 68 mustang .
i bought this stand about a year ago and can not be happier .
it was easy to assemble and is easy to use .
it is very sturdy .
i have kids under 5 and they play on the keyboard all the time .
the stand has taken the abuse and never once tipped over .
this was a great buy .
very easy to put together , adjustable height , and very strudy .
not much to it but that is what makes it good .
the casio stand is very suitable for the purpose that i purchased it .
it was the free shipping that clinched it for this killer and burly stand .
this is a great stand for beginners with beginner keyboards to use it with .
this is a great stand for the price .
but for beginners it 's a perfect fit .
does what it 's supposed to do .
i 'm surprised to see so many negative reviews for this stand .
i use this with my 61-key yamaha psr-k1 keyboard .
it is a very stable and sturdy stand .
i 'm 5 ' 8 '' .
this appears to be the standard size for this type of stand .
the product is wonderful .
it is sturdy as promised .
the problem is the instructions and assembly .
i was naive in thinking that it would come already put together .
the problem came with the assembly .
once , the stand was finally constructed , the next issue was adjustment .
i am disappointed in the construction part but the end product is great .
blame this one on `` operator error . ''
also it is strong and so stable .
of course , you need to have all the screws otherwise you are screwed .
: - ) anyway , i am happy with the stand .
assembly is easy- the instructions , however , are unnecessarily complicated .
just look at the picture and go from there .
so yeah , the stand is fine , and i recommend it .
the product is fine , so i rated it a 5 .
i worried for nothing .
stand is perfect for my casio ctk-720 keyboard .
and what a great price .
it is sturdy and does not take up a lot of room .
my husband put it together quickly with no problems finding the parts .
told me to be sure to give it a rave review .
assembly was not really a problem .
they logically go together , but my advice : take your time .
think the process through .
a little bit of rocking , true ; but nothing unmanageable .
well , that 's about it !
not much to the stand , really .
that 's why i 'll give it a *5* .
it 's fine ... .
got all the screws and went together well .
supports the casio keyboard well .
i received the stand with all pieces in the box .
the assembly was easy and very logical to understand .
the instruction manual would be difficult for most people .
but since when do you need instructions for something as simple as this ?
the stand is sturdy , so it should last a long time .
i think the product works great .
it is very sturdy .
i did have a problem putting it together .
the directions were hard to follow .
once assembled it is easy to adjust the height .
just make sure you have some patience before opening the box .
this stand was a perfect fit for my keyboard .
instructions were easy to read and item was easy to put together .
hightly recommend this product .
the instructions were written in engrish ( see engrish.com ) .
i do n't have any problems with my knees hitting it .
amazon packed this into one of their boxes .
all the parts were there .
the only gripe i have , it 's a little difficult to put together .
i am happy with the product .
first , some of the screws are pre-threaded and they need time to locate .
this is a sturdy design that takes some simple assembly .
it is however versatile and simple in design .
this was a great deal .
easy to install and works great !
it is very sturdy and perfect for our casio keyboard .
***the screws are already in place in the stand , when it arrives .
the keyboard stand was well packed and easy to assemble .
the stand arrived quite quickly , with all the screws in place .
it holds the extra weight just fine .
i bought this stand for my yamaha psr275 keyboard .
i thought it would fit , but it does n't .
other than that , it is a nice stand .
it 's easy to assemble .
i thought they were missing , but in fact they were there .
after reading the other reviews i was expecting problems with delivary .
it was in perfect condition .
( the screws are screwed into the ends of each leg . )
overall i was very pleased .
i did n't experience any problems at all with this product !
it only took a short time to set up , and is very sturdy !
i bought it with the psr-175 keyboard through amazon.com .
easy to assemble.. very sturdy.. i have 4 kids too.. not a problem ...
when i ordered this item , i had serious reservations because of other reviews .
i reported this to amazon.com .
when they sent the new one , it was boxed up like fort knox .
the new stand is sturdy and easy to put together .
the scan for media found loads of songs i forgot i even had .
i urge you to buy this software as it is outstanding by anybodys standards .
the killer feature for me is the super-tagging option .
( i suggest the dvd waking life ) .
i 've personally begun and abandoned the process many times .
once , i think i stopped to watch round 12 of the nfl draft .
look , up in the sky !
it 's a bird !
it 's a plane !
you 'll notice that the software has already highlighted its best guess .
`` smith_how_come_so_soon_now.mp3 '' becomes `` the smiths-meat is murder-how soon is now.mp3 . ''
you even control which fields go into creating the filename !
goodness piled upon goodness .
from the minute i purchased it i was completely blown away !
it 's easy to use and easy to sort your music .
my only question about buying it here would be why ?
you can download the product directly from their site and it costs less .
seems they do that right before an update .
musicmatch jukebox 7.0 is an excellent product .
i have a very fast burner with buffer under run prevention .
the program is properly configured to respond to your specific needs .
a true bargain in my book !
i just purchased musicmatch jukebox plus and i love it .
it does more than just convert audio cd 's .
it 's very user friendly and it 's well worth the price .
very happy with all aspects of the purchase and with the product .
just the keys are not enough if you want to play the big songs .
anyway i am satisfied with it
ca n't find this at retail stores , even though they sell the keyboards .
this adapter is necessary to operate my keyboard .
works well to keep your keyboard going without using expensive batteries all the time .
just plugged it in and away we went .
my granddaughter is three and enjoys her keyboard a lot .
now we do n't have to keep buying batteries .
she is just fine with the cord ... we were concerned needlessly .
ordered this separately from casio keyboard .
it arrived considerably sooner than the keyboard i had also ordered .
hav n't bought a battery yet .
cord is plenty long enough .
definitly recomend getting this accessory
i bought this for casio sa75 keyboard .
its working perfectly fine .
i recommend to others .
i 've tried it a few times with no problems .
a brief inspection proved the worst of my suspicions : a karaoke machine !
the woman is 40 years old for crying out loud .
what could i do ?
what was i to do ?
i grabbed the microphone ( a very nice professional-looking one ) and started crooning .
this unit is stronger than i had expected for such a lightweight package .
it was very simple to assemble .
i 'd even recommend this unit for light road travel .
we gave this to our nine year old daughter and she loves it .
bought this item for christmas .
we had lots of fun until the camera burned out .
the big river has great sound .
the sound really carries .
so i plan to buy more .
i bought this for my brother .
he says it is a very nice harmonica and has a good sound .
got this harmonica from my sister last christmas .
it 's in very good quality sound and very responsive .
hohner knows how to make a nice sounding , quality harmonicas .
they have been making harmonicas over 180 years .
this is a cheap harmonica that plays well .
i could n't tell the difference between them .
many famous harmonica players use the hohner big river harmonica .
what does that tell you ?
the big river is a great playing harmonica at a low price .
what more could you ask for ?
this was my first harmonica and it still is working great .
overall , really good .
i recomend it fully .
these harps have a nice , bluesy sound .
sent these in christmas boxes for kids in other countries .
i pray they will find teachers and learn how to play them .
this harp is great - sound , quality , everything .
the shipping was shockingly fast .
all in all , a very positive experience .
my husband chose this harmonica for himself .
as he has it , he is quite pleased with it .
not squeaky and well tuned .
i would definitely recommend this to others .
this is a good simple harp to start with .
it is easy to use and has a good sound .
i bought this as a birthday present for my boyfriend .
he loves it , and the dog hates it , haha .
the harmonica was in good condition .
the sound is beautiful , the playing is easy .
definitely worth every penny .
i learned the song fairly quickly and this harp sounds incredible .
this harmonica sounds great !
this is a cool looking cheap cable which works well .
i bent one of the connectors pretty badly but that was my fault .
you 'll be able to hear them rattle .
i bought theses to use while practicing with others who use black cables .
it 's easier to plug into different amps without cutting someone out by accident .
the green cable is good for that .
it works exactly as described .
and so cost effective !
plugged everything in , started up the game and it all worked great .
this fender cable is the perfect length for me !
sometimes i find it a bit too long but i do n't mind .
the build quality is great and i know that it will last .
fender cords look great and work just as well .
nice way to add color to your rig .
i just needed to replace my old cable and this did the job .
and its 18 foot length is great .
this is a great cable for instruments .
everything sounds clear and it 's a good length .
the color gets many compliments .
be the guy to introduce this to the group and they 'll love you .
candy apple red is dyn-o=mite ... will order candy apple green next time !
standout color is eany to find on stage .
not only are they cheaper but they seem to be holding up better .
these are actually very reasonably priced for 18 ' cables .
do not use these to connect an amplifier to a speaker cab .
you want to use unshielded cables for that purpose .
once again fender does n't disappoint .
these cables are the best , they improve the sound of my guitar tremendously .
it also eliminates some buzz i get when i hook up extra pedals .
great cables , ca n't do wrong with a fender .
i am fairly happy with these cords .
that was the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars .
sounds wonderfu , no static or distortion , love the bright vidid color too .
great color and perfect length .
my daughter loved it .
have n't noticed any interference or too much noise from cable itself .
using with line 6 spider ii amp .
this is a pretty nice cable .
it 's very cheap for the quality of signal it passes .
overall , i 'm very happy with this purchase .
this is a great cable for all guitarist !
sharp looking ... ..sturdy and top quality !
looks great with a red guitar .
even works fine for drum triggers .
well made and it looks great with my candy apple red tele .
this was perfect and was fast .
amazon comes through again !
i like the bright color so i can identify my cable .
perfect length for a rehearsal .
i would buy again or point a friend or fellow musician the same direction .
price is right too .
very nice guitar cables from california cables !
bright red shows up on stage .
they are made very well and should last for quite a while .
get yours now at a great price .
get a couple for the musicians in your life for christmas !
this cord is extremely great quality .
i put it through a lot of wear and it always holds up !
i would recommend this to everyone .
i 've had this cable for several months now .
it 's performed well .
does n't feel cheap the way some other instrument cables do .
the candy apple red color goes well with my guitar strap .
the length is ideal .
guitars sounds great using this cable .
shipping an delivery was very quick .
midi cables are one of those things that either work or do n't .
this works well and is very affordable .
i have had great luck with all the hosa cable i 've purchased .
midi music is another world using this cable i can explore it .
good cable , good price .
it is what it is and does the job .
need a cheap midi cable that works ?
works and have n't had any problems with it .
hard to mess up a midi cable though lol
great for recording e-drums into daw .
they 're midi cables .
no errors and well made ... what else could you want ?
do people use midi anymore ?
it 's a cable .
it does cabley things .
not very flexible , would n't buy again .
more like a network cable than an instrument cord .
gets the job done but meh .
pretty basic product , worked how i needed it to .
husband is happy with product .
ca n't top that combo .
who needs all the spaghetti to trip on all over the place ?
good price here too .
hard to find just 10 ' mike cords .
usually longer ones are only obtainable .
so , there you go !
it has a limited lifetime warranty so it 's hard to beat the deal !
good product from a reliable company .
received the product very quickly .
i am very pleased with the audio quality from the xlr cable .
i will purchase same brand in the future .
have had zero humming or interference with other equipment that 's connected .
what more can i say
item just as described ... would buy again !
cheap to buy , cheaply made .
you get what you pay for .
nicely made , long , and no issues whatsover .
a very solid cable thus far !
it is a cable and it works
just standard midi cables .
great quality and a nice length .
lots of fun when using a real kit .
i 've been using it for a couple of months without a hiccup .
connects the 'ol doepfer lmk4+ to the usb interface beautifully .
like my fist connecting with bad guys ' faces .
great but i should have bought longer ones
it fits the hole it was made for , and it works as advertised .
i needed a midi cable from my edrums to the rock band midi adapter .
i use this to connect my mpk midi controller to my roland integra-7 .
cool does the job ! , no problems
it functions just as well as expensive alternatives from what i can tell .
yes loved it perfext timing ! !
works great for desktop microphone use .
have had no problems with this product
great product at a great price !
i 'd order again in a heartbeat !
i use this for live audio .
i bought this microphone for the karaoke system in my house .
based upon its price , basically i did not expect much from this one .
it 's a good mic .
i do n't have much experience with mics in general .
other than that , it 's standard .
this mic is a very good buy for its price .
it is lightweight to handle , but has excellent frequency response .
have been using it for a month and have no complaints !
this is a well-made full sized microphone .
i 'm using it with a digital voice recorder for interviews .
seems to work great !
this is a decent microphone for $ 20 .
it comes with an adapter with it so it fits both sized connectors .
the on/off button is easy to use .
it 's a great addition , and i plan on using it lots .
it 's a midi cable , not much to say .
arrived as advertised and on time .
it was what it was supposed to be .
works perfectly , no complaints
if you need a midi cable , this is the way to go
good quality spans in place .
a quality cable , no questions asked .
never had a problem with hosa products and these cables are no exception .
perhaps they fixed a problem ?
the cable is durable , yet very flexible .
that means these cables get some actual road use and they hold up .
cheap , but surprisingly good cable
does just what i ordered it for .
nothing much to say about .
get 's the job done .
thanks for building this cables .
great quality , great product .
easy to tell which side is up .
i was surprised how long it took me find a 5 prong midi cable .
this works like a charm .
i do n't know what the odds are of finding another 5 prong .
not much to say here .
the build is average , but the price is great .
cables work as intended .
this is my favorite product .
i always get many compliments in this .
i will definitely buy this again .
good cables , exactly what i needed !
i 've investigated thoroughly , and it 's definitely a mic cable .
3 feet is the perfect length to accomplish this .
so for that i give it a 4/5 but i 'm still satisfied !
never had a problem with hosa cables .
do n't like the name .
works as its supposed to
the only way i will buy my cables in the future .
they work just fine .
works great and fast delivery .
work great , just get them man
these are just what i needed to make connections .
ca n't go wrong with hosa cables .
they hold up well .
cheap enough to have extras too .
no issues with this purchase or seller .
stands up to stage use for years on end .
i 've owned and lost a few of these .
works fine with yamaha keyboard and digital drums
nice strong and flexible cabling .
met my needs for length from my midi keyboard to my computer midi interface .
cable seems to be well built of quality components .
mounts and works well .
very great quality cables !
i bought a bunch and they all function perfectly .
and at this price , ca n't go wrong .
fits like a glove & works like charm ! !
good cable , no noise as of yet
great cables at a great price !
clearly better quality than other low cost cables i 've bought through amazon .
relatively heavy cable ( about 1/4 inch outer diameter ) .
these cables are built well .
i would recommend them .
this distance needs to be kept short and this cable worked out just fine .
terminal ends seem real solid and the cable itself is of good quality .
sound is really nice when hooked to karaoke machine .
love that it has on/off button .
works like a mic .
works great - has the extra voltage pin required for voodoo labs ground control pro
fine , as expected and came fast .
workes prefectly , great price !
so far a good quality cable , have had no issues
nice cables without spending a lot .
this xlr cables are great and provide excellent sound quality .
cables work fine , very flexible..
work fine and the look is very dignifying .
it 's a mic cable .
two connectors linked by a length of cable .
what more do you want ?
i love the metal connectors and the insulated cable .
easy to handle and sing your heart out .
this little microphone exceeded my expectations .
it improved the casset 's sound quality mightily .
i am more than pleased .
my only suggestion is that you purchase a foam to cover the microphone .
love this microphone use it for my voice recorder nice sturdy heavy .
i was worried about how cheap it was .
but the quality is that of a $ 50 midi cable .
should have bought this one in the first place .
works great with my m-audio midi keyboard .
simple , good price .
works for me just fine .
great product as expected from hosa .
quick delivery thanks to the seller and to the very affordable amazon prime service .
thanks again for making me a happy customer !
the cables are what i need , we 'll constructed and fit snug .
i like my purchase and recommendations for all .
used this between a wireless microphone receiver and an amplified speaker .
just what i needed .
it 's a mic cable by hosa , what else can i say ?
hosa has been around for a long time .
cable seems well made , we 'll se about durability .
i use this hosa pxf-110 unbalanced interconnect cable , xlr3f to 1/4 in .
it 's working very well .
good price and shipping on time .
this item is as advertised .
would recommend product and store front too .
wanted rean connectors ( long story ) , but they do the same job .
they serve my purpose very well .
this is a good cable for the price and it got here early
works just like they are supposed to .
i got this to connect a few audio processing effects to my audio interface .
the cable is worth buying .
happy with the whole transaction , will buy more
it is an xlr microphone cable .
they are well built and will last .
miidi cables do n't have to be fancy .
get the length that best reduces your cable clutter .
they are good midi cables .
well built and they last .
you do n't need fancy cables for midi
i needed this cable for a project !
good product delivery on time
great length to connect my midi controller to my computer .
fits perfectly into the 5-pin din jack on my korg volca bass .
the cable works as exspected .
thats abvery minor issue tho
did what a cable is supposed to do .
good quality - good price - well packaged
a great cable for the short distances .
not much to go wrong here .
bought these for connecting a dual wireless microphone receiver to my mixer .
easy and quick setup without a mess of extra cable laying around your gear .
this cable was tust length i needed to fit in portable mixer box .
the cable is exactly as advertised .
it is a good quality cable and performs perfectly for me every week .
it 's cheap and it works .
these work very well for my midi setup
worked great for my needs !
i purchased two of these for a karoke system and they work great .
purchased this mic for kareoke hobby on weekends .
the mic has a great sound , feals heavy duty .
no batteries needed and great price !
buy it and you can spend time interesting .
bought this for my daughter to use for karaoke .
excellent volume and seems quite sturdy .
fantastic price and great quality .
i luv to karaoke and this worked wonderfully well with my karaoke/p.a .
great unit , works very well .
works well with sdp-6 and beatbuddy
works great , saved me a trip to guitar center .
not a lot to tell , it is a midi cable .
but it is constructed well with metal ends , and was reasonably priced .
i would buy it again .
i would recommend a minimum 10 ft cord .
i would have gotten the 15 or 20 ft cable if ordered again .
use this unbalanced cable , not a balanced one if connecting to a mic .
it works just what i needed
got just what i expected .
this is great for my microphone .
i have the ddj sb2 and i love it .
this cable is good .
so do n't expect magic .
it 's nice being able to consolidate the equipment and cable clutter .
i would recommend this to anybody .
the cable fits snugly into the receptacle .
seems to handle audio just fine so i find it acceptable .
happy to place it in my kit .
solid mic cables at an affordable price .
i use these to run from my mixer to jbl powered speakers .
sound is clear and no problems so far
hosa products are a good bang for the buck .
strain resistance seems like it should hold up well under medium duty use .
i have never had a problem with hosa cables .
i use them for everything in my home studio .
well made and i 've never had one fail .
these cables work fine with powered speakers that have xlr inputs .
xlr microphone cables are line-level and work fine with powered speakers .
xlr mic cables can be used with powered speakers , but not passive speakers .
xlr speaker cables can only be used with passive speakers .
most xlr cables available on amazon are microhpone line-level , including these .
i have mine connected to my m-audio keystation pro 88 and focusrite scarlett 18i8 .
no signal errors are showing up .
no problems and everything as advertised .
does what it does .
what else could i say ?
i bought this cable as a shorter replacement .
leads me to wonder about its longevity .
these deliver that so far .
arrived in two days connected to my keyboard and works perfect .
great product at a great price !
it 's a midi cable and it works
finally a short midi cable !
still rockin ' 2 years after purchase and working perfectly .
works perfectly after a year !
i bought these to go from my board to the amp .
we use them for a mobile church so they take a beating .
they are still going strong .
the xlr adapters are made from stronger steel than other cables .
i would recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap audio recording solution .
i like hosa and rapco cables .
never have any complaints on the quality and reliability .
will definitely purchase more as needed .
this is of high quality , and is exactly the size i need .
detail is good taken care of .
perfect short xlr cable .
i needed something short for a run from a desktop mic to a mixer .
fittings seem to be high quality .
the 3 ' cable is perfect .
so far , no connection issues .
sound quality is good .
less likely to trip over long cables .
pretty good for the money but not a top end cable .
however for the price point this was pretty good
using to connect microphone to analog mixer and it functions very well .
good product for price .
lighter duty , great for home use , not recommended for professionals .
good price , great delivery !
does what it says on the tin !
perfect for what it is !
the cable jacket is nice and soft feeling .
it is not that hard and stiff pvc coating .
it plugs in secure and it works .
perfect , sturdy , and stable .
i needed a rigged cable that is n't easily broken and looks really nice .
great response time with each keystroke .
great cable , great quality !
they are working really well thanks
strong cable , suits my needs .
no complaints as of today .
would work great on any karoake machine i would imagine ! ! !
so after that is all said i would really recommend this product .
works great , cost was great , shipped quickly , fantastic !
not using it professionally but i bet it would do just fine .
add a pop filter , and you 've got a decent microphone .
it does the job .
proper length , quality is good .
great midi cable , reliable .
it does what it needs to do .
been using for gigs on my midi foot controller and it 's been reliable .
i adore hosa mid-310 black 10 ft. midi cable and have had no problems .
my rc300 sent tempo info to my sr16 right away
these are great and inexpensive cables .
they are well build and inexpensive .
i will purchase these cables again .
just needed to go from the mixer to the cordless mic piece .
long cords are a mess .
much like other hosa products i have purchased , these are solid cables .
i am using to run mics to a mixer .
these are quality cables with clean sound .
i would recommend this product .
great non-kink cable , no noise , great connectors .
this was exactly what i was after .
before i used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches .
good music to all !
each one has worked flawlessly and been the best value .
i look for hosa when i look for audio cables .
it was perfect for this application .
i have n't used the cables long enough to comment on durability .
needed a shorter cable .
could n't find one locally but found one here on amazon .
it does what is expected of it .
the cord is nice and flexible .
moldings around connectors are going to work out nicely .
not sure how long it will last with regular use .
but i will update this at that point .
packaging was of good quality as well .
excellent service and the midi cables are great .
i will be in touch .
works great , shipped fast !
this cable is very good quality .
i would recommend this as a serious studio cable .
it 's a sexy cable .
does the trick for my home studio .
works just like it intended .
good length , and did n't gouge me on price .
the cables were fine .
very well made , felt solid , and fit the port very tightly .
sturdy construction no complaints what so ever .
fast shipping item as described .
works great , does n't look cheap
this item fits the bill for that .
i tested it with several microphones and the audio quality seemed adequate .
the volume level was perfectly adequate as well .
so from a technical perspective , it worked perfectly .
the build quality of the product is also good .
it works for that purpose .
trs stands for `` tip , '' `` ring '' and `` sleeve . ''
note : the wiring diagram reflects the cable 's internal wiring .
a sticker labels `` pin 2 hot . ''
it did the trick .
it would probably work , just no real stereo effect .
does what it 's supposed to !
a good affordable replacement .
working well so far .
they worked and arrived as scheduled !
works exactly like it 's supposed to , not much else to say !
i 've been more than happy with this cable .
so far it has functioned flawlessly !
thank you ! ! !
timely and i got exactly what i wanted .
no issues , works as expected .
the cable is soft , flexible , and easy to manage .
the metal connectors and strain relievers are sturdy and fit well .
not the best on the market , and not the worst .
hosa is a go-to brand for decent quality at a fair price .
ca n't go wrong .
work well and as it should .
the midi cables are just what i needed ... thanks !
great price , alto go !
i purchased as gift ; my friend loves it .
he had it for a month now and it works as expected .
and it really looks nice ;
my daughter loves it .
plug it into an amp and away they go !
we 've had it for a year now and it works as expected .
i bought 2 of these for an outdoor pa system at a baseball field .
for the price , they were fantastic .
quality built , nice acoustic performance , long cord .
quick shipping and the item is in great condition .
way worth the price !
highly recommend this seller to any/everyone ! !
i would have given it 4 1/2 stars if i could .
very sturdy cable without any feedback .
i would buy this product again in a longer length .
cable was perfect for my needs .
replaced a defective one .
worked fine , but it 's a little thin
this cable is perfect and the quality is great .
i usually pay over 30 dollars for this type of cable quality and length .
i give it a 9/10 .
i highly recommend this cable and most of the hosa products .
use it every week at gigs .
solid , no problems with the solder joints .
a good quality cable at a very good price .
no complaints , great value .
no problems at all with this cable , very high quality !
nice solid cables , with excellent support at the ends .
there are times when a short mic cable is needed .
in my case , i use it for my wireless receiver to the mixer .
the quality is real good and the connections are snug for a good connection .
i have never had trouble with hosa ,
luckily this one is also durable and cheap .
would n't hesitate to buy another if i needed it .
could n't find better at this price point .
perfect for my midi guitar pedals .
this is all you need for a good midi cable .
this deal exceeded my expectations !
the lenovo t420 was a great deal at the low price offered .
the pc was in great condition and worked perfect .
i added another 4gb ram to max out the ram at 8gb .
this will be a super laptop .
shipping was very fast .
i would recommend buying from this company .
excellent , durable , great quality
just what i needed .
no need for any setup .
just remember midi out goes to midi in .
and midi in goes to midi in and every thing just works !
hosa products are the only i trust for live performances .
these are really long , and they work .
what else is there to say ?
best midi cable i 've used
this is a simple but a little unusual adapter .
first , it 's construction is pretty light weight .
second , the adapter only has a one foot in length cable on it .
it pays to shop around !
great product , great service will order again if i have a need .
better than average quality for this price range .
just fine - like the picture shows .
this midi cable works perfect !
pretty heavy duty jacks .
great functioning cable ; perfect length needed for my application .
spend the extra few dollars and go the pro route .
i use them in the studio but they would work well on stage .
i believe the same to be true for their pro audio cables .
it looks really nice .
it 's one of the best midi cable i have ever seem .
you need a 10 foot midi cable ?
well , this one is just that .
it 's a cord , and it works .
the metal connectors have a quality look .
they are also pretty flexible .
get them , you 'll be happy .
the metal connectors have a quality look .
they are also pretty flexible .
get them , you 'll be happy .
good quality for the money .
just what i needed .
had no problems with this cables .
just what i needed .
for my purposes this worked out great .
perfect size for connecting multi-vocal effects units .
well made connectors , quickly shipped and durable .
for that , it does well .
it suits my desktop recording needs perfectly .
i would definitely order other cables made by hosa .
all in all a very good cable .
sound quality is clear and i hear no extra noise or hiss .
i would buy these again in an instant if needed .
no need for a long review but it works .
i haved used them all and still prefer hosa .
i am hard on cables .
i have yet to have a hosa cable fail me .
i actually use these for my mic cables and to run powered speaker signal .
these cables are rugged and well made .
they snapped in easily and were the perfect length for my home theater setup .
excellent cables for the money !
it 's a cable .
no weird noises in the background caused by it .
what more can you ask for ?
it works , and arrived quickly .
just a cable that does what it should .
great quality at a great price .
recommend them to anyone .
these cables work well , even in very warm situations .
it gets quite hot back there , but the signal stays true .
i would buy these again .
great price good selection .
fast delivery as always .
i 'm very pleased with this microphone .
the volume level is good .
it 's a quality microphone at a reasonable price .
for just $ 15 , this mic is a bargain .
it picks up my voice clear and loud !
do wish the wire is a couple feet longer though .
i personally have 3 microphones that range from $ 5 to $ 200 .
shipping was on schedule so no complaints here at all .
this is a great cable ... a little smaller in diam .
this thing is built like a tank .
the connectors are made with a chunky metal jacket that 's smooth and bright .
oh ... the connectors are heavy .
the soft limp cable bends easily and has a quality feel .
however , the shield is not connected to the metal jacket around the connector .
perhaps this is to prevent ground loops between metal-cased instruments .
the rubber strain relief on each end is n't designed to prevent wire pullout .
a simple metal crimp holds the cable tightly .
while lesser midi cables may have only three conductors , this one has five .
the two extra lines carry 5-volts from one instrument to the next .
some gear use this to detect when other gear is connected .
the plugs fit nicely into midi jacks .
it 's a firm and solid connection with very little wiggle .
the shiny metal makes them easier to locate behind a dark rack or synthesizer .
there are never any missing/stuck notes or noticable latency from first instrument to last .
the aforementioned `` floating '' metal jacket does n't degrade the midi signal .
a tiny kvetch ... the screw on one connector appeared to be slightly crooked .
i thought initially that it was loose or cross-threaded - it was neither .
the screw-hole was not chamfered neatly all the way ` round .
this affected nothing electrically or mechanically , so i simply screwed it back in .
the screws on my five other hosa midi cables were both straight and tight .
four stars for performance and quality - with one extra for value .
they are quite inexpensive for what you get .
i 've spent many hours happily clogging midi streams through these .
stop reading and buy some so you can too : - )
much nicer than the cheap plastic ended midi cables .
looks and feels better , but also locks into place a bit better .
i made my first song on garageband using these .
what else can i say .
hosa cables are as much a part of my music as the sounds themselves .
i 've used these cables for years and they 've always performed 100 % .
these cables function great for the intended use .
i like the quality of the connectors , and the flexibility of the cable .
there is no memory effect to deal with in these midi cables .
would recommend these cables to anyone , especially at this price point .
only works if you also have the 25 ft stereo headphone cable too !
works great with my gh5 ( for such a cheap price ) .
i 'll review again , if anything changes .
worked perfectly between an external microphone and camcorder .
it 's very useful to hook up my mic to my yamaha mox8
i miss this thing .
it was stolen along with other equipment .
great little strong adapter .
well it 's a midi cord so it connects two midi ports .
exactly as described and they work fine .
best price for midi cables this length that i could find .
not much else to say really .
an excellent value for the money .
the cables arrived one day after ordering .
i only asked for two day , but hey i am not complaining .
thick cable , great sound quality and good quick/secure connections .
3 ft is good size for on camera connections with zoom mic .
the build quality seems good , with descent-quality connectors .
i have used it to patch together audio gizmos .
the hosa xlr cables are affordable and very heavily made .
i have a large mixer and rack and cables everywhere .
i decided to purchase shorter cables and the hosa cables 5ft measurement worked perfectly .
you really will not be disappointed with these .
i was having problems with noise in a recording system .
replaced a 15 ft generic cable with this and the noise is gone .
the connectors are well made and heavy gauge .
this is actually a pretty nice cable .
i honestly was not expecting something so solid at this price .
i am going to buy a third !
good length - i can stretch it anywhere in my home studio .
hosa produces my favorite midi cables .
recommended purchase for your midi setup
i 've been using this cable for a few months with no issues .
solid construction for an economy cable .
does n't have the fancy name , but suits the purpose .
works like a charm .
just what i needed .
came quickly as well .
works like a charm .
just what i needed .
came quickly as well .
great cables ; these are very sturdy , high quality midi cables .
ca n't beat them for the price .
great cables ; these are very sturdy , high quality midi cables .
ca n't beat them for the price .
this is the exact reason i wanted this cable .
it 's well made .
see the photos i took of the cable gauge .
i use it to connect my mic to my dslr .
arrived quickly and as expected .
great product for the need .
does a good job .
it 's got a nice clean feed .
i 'm sure it would work well with dslrs as well .
it also was not as long .
works exactly as described .
an excellent cable connection between professional xlr microphones and consumer camcorders .
hosa makes very high quality cables , no line hum or hiss .
have no complaints thus far .
does exactly what it is supposed to do .
cable is high quality .
it is great product , works , no issues .
it was shipped on time .
i wish the attachments were a bit stronger .
great cable and works flawless on a number of keyboards .
great length for flexibility and they work great with my equipment .
seems well made and connected smoothly .
i twitch stream , and this works beautifully .
so easy , simple to setup , works perfectly .
hosa is a trusted name for audio products .
this cable appears to be well built , from quality materials .
this new cable fixed the issue .
good cable no complaints or problems .
if you do n't have one , now is your chance .
i wish i had gotten mine 15 years ago !
good cable , great price !
this is exactly what i was expecting .
the quality seems ok.. i am using it daily with no problems .
great product , performed as advertised .
great product , performed as advertised .
and a good price ... .
well built , not shoddy .
good connection despite the length .
just what the doctor ordered !
not a deal breaker though .
perfect , thank you .
it works great i use it to plug additional mic for interviews .
i already had one , but got another for a two-camera setup .
wonderful cable that is possibly too short depending on how you 're using it .
what 's there to say ?
this cable works with no noticeable latency .
it fit my needs perfectly !
sturdy cable , works great .
it works and it 's cheap and fair priced
i use it to plug my casio cz101 into massive and it works great
just what i needed .
now i get better audio on my videos using an external mic
a little short for my liking .
this is so useful for those who is too lazy to connect .
just as advertised , and fast shipping !
bought these and rewired to use with our red camera .
well made and inexpensive .
exactly what we needed .
i had purchased another product that had a cord like this in it .
it is much better than the one i got with my prepaid set .
i would recommend this product !
works well , is long .
worked great and the price is right
great price and does the job !
excellent product , very happy with it
misinformation is put out on this site , sometimes even by a vendor .
does just what it 's supposed to do .
it was slightly too short for my needs .
i ordered another one , this time two feet .
fortunately they 're quite inexpensive .
this worked well to solve a problem on a sound board
does what i expected .
i wanted to try out my xlr mic going directly into my mac .
it works and that is why i purchased it
hosa are basically the industry standard and it 's not easy to see why .
they 're very well made to stand up to the rigors of any studio .
works ... what else need be said ?
cheap priced midi cable .
does what it 's intended to do , and does it well .
will buy again if i ever need another midi cable .
nice and tight with the midi pro adapter..works great !
nice price and works perfect for my mic .
this replaces a very old adapter i had been using .
handy to have and something i use a lot .
this cable seems to mainly be to connect a xlr mic to a camera .
short , i know .
it 's a good product
just what i wanted and it performs perfectly
i needed this cord to connect a boom mic to a canon vixia camcorder .
it is a slightly flimsy cord though .
this is well made and works well .
worked perfectly for my use with a neewer brand boom mic .
the adapter is very well made , it 's a very good deal .
mates my drum machine to my keyboard rig .
used this to connect my simmons drum kit via midi interface for rock band .
exactly as advertised and arrived very promptly
very happy with this product !
i prefer these over the metallic ended ones .
it is easier to plug in and they work great .
another great deal from hosa .
i 'll being buying more of there products for sure .
works great for my dslr !
works prefect using a rode ntg with my canon 70d .
i like the 90 deg angle mini-plug to keep it from getting a short .
perfect for desk top use with my lap top computer .
i 'm happy with it .
nothing to get tangled , misused , or confused .
more products should be like this .
this is perfect for the go pro !
this cable is sturdy and does its job perfectly .
this belongs to my husband , have n't heard any complaints !
helps me with what i need to do
it does exactly what i expect it too and its a great price !
great cable for the job .
its a midi cable .
work great for connecting one of my wireless mic systems to my cameras .
high quality & cost effective .
exactly what was needed .
no real problems yet , will update if they arise .
i also enjoy the freedom with 15 ft. of cable to roam .
a standard hosa piece .
product exceeded expectation and was delivered as promised !
great product ... many thanks
no complaints , works as should & very useful , also a great price .
good quality cables at a good price .
cheap , reliable midi cable .
would buy more if i had more instruments to use them with .
works as it should .
midi doesnt need anything fancy .
just buy it and move on ! !
works like it 's suppose to .
good build quality , works well for connecting to my dslr for interviews .
this worked great for my rode ntg2 to my panasonic gh4 .
just what i needed !
the earphone port on an ipad doubles as a audio input .
just what i was looking for .
exactly what it says it is , works great .
as stated and as expected .
needed for camcorder mic .
excellent microphone adapter for my pyle pdmicr42bk microphone .
this is not for a phantom powered condenser mic .
hosa makes good stuff .
it 's strong , well priced and it works with all my synths .
thank you for the invention of midi and also for this cable !
i can now use my dx21 with my computer again
it 's strong , well priced and it works with all my synths .
thank you for the invention of midi and also for this cable !
i can now use my dx21 with my computer again
exactly what i needed .
seems very sturdy & well made .
i 'm sure there wo n't be any issues or problems with it .
top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
not much to describe here .
cables are 5 foot and work to connect my keyboard to my midi processor .
appears to be well made .
i 've been looking for this forever !
excited about filming at nyfw with this easy to connect mic cord into my dslr
audio sounded perfect with my shotgun microphone .
just shows how great of a connection the audio jack has !
great purchase , works as expected
it gives a very clear signal , with little to no distortion .
works as described and not 100000000 $ like all the other adapters .
does the job and for a great price !
one snag i ran into it how the wire itself is not one foot .
maybe altogether , but not the wire .
just something you may want to consider .
perhaps include a short extender in your order just to be safe .
just what i wanted .
not sure how long it will last but it works
this is the one i want to buy .
it 's works great !
did the trick but looks cheaply made
useful and handy works as intended
outstanding quality , solid , no lag cable .
it 's a freaking midi din cable .
good value , especially if you have prime !
get to tha choppa !
the ends fit very well on both the fast lane and my korg .
thank you amazon for selling professional music gear on your site .
i dread the thought of stopping in my local guitar center to buy anything .
anyone that 's had that experience knows what i 'm talking about .
received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door .
no traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission .
thank you amazon for selling professional music gear on your site .
i dread the thought of stopping in my local guitar center to buy anything .
anyone that 's had that experience knows what i 'm talking about .
received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door .
no traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission .
no details to share .
they 're solid midi cables .
what else is there to ask ?
sure , but that 's always the case with anything .
what else is there to say ?
it 's a midi cable .
it does n't have bad bo .
it does n't sneak out at night and prey on young children .
it 's a decent cable .
this did just what i needed .
it is nothing special , it just works .
the connections seem substantial and the cable is strong but flexible .
good quality , fair price .
connected it right up with no problem ... thumbs up ...
purchased this product for my canon 70d & rode reporter microphone .
it took 2 weeks to arrive from us to istanbul , turkey .
( which is pretty fast ) .
strongly recommend the product .
definitely worth the price .
all items were delivered as promised .
works well for my purposes .
i use it for recording drums when i need more versatility .
all other midi i record through direct usb .
what can one say about two cables ?
this cable has work great .
no issues despite the length .
happy with its performance .
i have relied on hosa quality for 20 years .
high end cable snobs may disagree , but never a problem here .
these are my favorite cables .
the cable is flawless and a great bargain .
there is no latency - would have to be waaayy longer for that .
price was right , easy to install , arrived quickly .
hooked it up and it has worked fine ever since .
the cable simply works and it is very sturdy .
exactly what you 're looking for .
definitely a good price !
its a xlr to 3.5mm cable .
used for a gaming mic on a pc .
it works as expected , and seems well built .
not a lot can be said but it works.. no complaints .
the product is exactly as described .
like all hosa products - solid connection
this is the 2 foot cable and it 's length is perfect !
5 stars from me !
but it works well ! < < <
this is well made , has held up well , and works as advertised .
great price as well .
it came on time and works great .
works great , fits tightly , and ... uhhh ... midis like a champ .
midi signals fly through it like they might through a more expensive one .
works fine on my yamaha dd-65 to connect to my sound card .
squirt midi in one end , midi come out other end !
decent quality cable , not super heavy duty or anything .
what else is there for anybody to expect from a molded midi cable ?
it works as advertised .
perfect for my shure sm48 and sm58 mono mics .
it is vary - good !
great and handy product for attaching pro mics to my dslr & video cameras !
it works with no noise .
internet search for `` microphone phantom power '' for more information .
audio sounds great through this adapter !
perfect for interviews or whatever else .
good reasonably priced product .
i ordered eight of them to connect our wireless mic set to the mixer .
they are a very durable cable and they work very well .
i need a shorter cable and this fit the bill perfectly .
it arrived just when it was expected .
i rate this product five stars !
the price is great !
i would recommend this product to anyone who needs pro cables for pro sound .
hosa technology is great !
in the wrong hands , this cable could rule the world !
hosa pro cables do the job very well as expected .
high quality , well built .
i would suggest it .
it 's a great midi cable !
it plugs in here , it plugs in there , it transfers data .
what more do you want ?
what more amazon ? ?
connected my midi devices very well .
used to connect my roland td-11 to the rock band midi adapter .
it 's just a cable , after all !
i used these to connect several midi modules to my allen theater organ .
the perfect length , and decent quality .
it works , no worries .
the cable is well made .
the ends snap into place well .
and for my application the signal path is silent .
for any connection from racked sound modules , this will be perfect .
let 's you convert mono mic input to dual speaker output .
this work well for my camera and microphone setup
great for my handycam .
good size came on time and it fits oerfext
got the job done , was a little shorter than expected .
please look up to see if your mic is stereo or mono
product arrived as expected and works fine
this fender 10 ' red guitar lead is stylish and relatively noise-free .
i have a mogami and ca n't justify the price .
this one works as well and sound as good .
the colour matches exactly with my guitar ( candy apple red ) .
the quality of parts is also solid and feels great when touched .
not a long cable so pay attention to the length .
too early to tell about longevity .
they look nice and work great so far .
will follow up if anything changes !
there 's nothing much to say .
not your best option out there .
good quality , fast delivery ! ! !
wish i wouldve got a long cord
this one is a good product and works just fine
works pretty well surprisingly for what one pays for it .
pretty durable and connects nice and tight .
you wo n't regret it .
i am thoroughly satisfied by this cable and shipment service .
this cable is very useful for my small home studio .
good price and good service !
used with the xbox360 midi adapter .
hosa , always the company to go to for those speciality cable needs
serves a purpose , solves a problem .
very well packaged and performs as described .
nice cable for video camera shotgun mic .
works great , although you still have to remove a ground sound
great product that meets my needs .
that cable also cost twice as much for a much shorter length .
exactly what i needed .
nice , just what i wanted .
worked perfect for me on an important shoot .
make sure you know what this does .
dont get the wrong one .
good product and it works well with my video camera .
what can you san about a cable that does its job .
this item arrived on time and was exactly as advertised .
perfect length for attaching a shotgun mic to the hot shoe of a dslr
have n't had any problem .
i used it for my road mic to hook up to my sony camera .
technology or parts fail once and a while .
exactly what i needed and thought i was getting .
worked well and cable material/length was just as described .
it 's a well made xlr cable .
lightweight cable with very good connectors .
very much the same cable you would pay 20 $ plus for .
has been working for many jams ! !
you ca n't go wrong with hosa cables and connectors .
i use my hosa cables for patching between wireless receivers and my mixing board .
`` 0 '' failure rate with moderate to heavy use .
it works very well !
i would recommend this !
connects well and easy to use and yeah its good
there were no problems .
the build and quality were what i expected .
i would buy this again if i had to .
just bear in mind this is for a single cable .
what else is to be said ?
just what i needed .
good quality from hosa .
great price and great quality .
i will be purchasing more items in the future .
worked perfect , minimal interference would buy again .
this was a replacement cable .
worked great , had no issues with it !
great mic cable at a great price .
does the job very well !
i 'm really happy with the build quality of this cable .
wonderful fit with my shure beta 87a microphone .
this is one of the best connectors that i have ever used .
it 's seriously great .
it does n't rattle around at all , and it supports awesome quality sound .
does what it 's supposed to do .
the product is good condition , no probleme .
first item was defective , but freely replaced by amazon .
does what it says .
i 'm using with a panasonic g-3 dslr , and it works perfect .
i could only wish for a few more inches of wire .
it is 5 feet long .
it is a midi cable .
there 's not much else to say about it !
they 're super cheap but made with quality and work like a charm .
not sure what else you would need from a midi cable ...
i would definitely recommend this cable to anyone who needs an inexpensive midi cable .
perfect for out application and not a problem at all .
connected my wireless mic 's to the mixer and works fine .
it 's a 5 foot long midi to midi cable that functions perfectly fine .
excellent product and seller .
it works and it is not flimsy .
not much more to be said about a cable adaptor .
very nifty cable and works weel with the azden sgm-2x cardoid shotgun mic
works well with the hook up for my video camera and wireless mic .
which is amazing in its own right .
this cable resolved the issue and it works very well .
it worked well with my mic and the price is very good as well..
already tried it during a recent wedding .
very happy with my investment .
just what i needed for the pa .
no problems so far after about a year
i stand behind these cables .
i own several hosa patch cables and they have n't let me down yet .
also got a stand together i can put this vocoder any where i want .
have had absolutely no issues of any kind.. no noise , no static nothing
hosa cables have worked well for me and are a fair price .
i had no issues with these cables .
i unpacked them , plugged them in and viola , music .
these cables were purchased to connect my studio monitors to my multi-channel sound card .
it did the job perfectly .
i am using this for a foot switch for my guitar amplifier .
well built , no extraneous noise , cable is flexible .
i was a bit hesitant to order this cable .
it was 'offered ' with a recent purchase .
the cable arrived in the standard hosa packaging .
this is a plus ... the cable itself works just fine .
this has not proved to be an issue .
do n't be shy of the 'plastic ' connector .
it also worked perfectly in protools via midi keyboard .
got this for my yamaha ex5 keyboard to connect to my motu audio hardware .
they work great and built well also .
these cables did the trick for my access virus synth .
i 'd pay that again if i ever needed a replacement .
the length was more than enough for stacking the units even without special stands .
i am using these as midi interconnects for my synths ' midi thru ports .
they worked first time .
the cables are perfect .
the cables are great .
good quality and the angled plug is great for remote miking digital cameras .
i would recommend to a friend .
i need to carry multiple adapters .
there are two types of xlr to 1/8th .
read the specifications before ordering .
their explanations are excellent .
works as advertised , received it promptly .
i have to say , this is a very good cable .
i plugged this to my behringer microphone and use it for interviews .
sound is crystal clear and there is no ground , static or noise .
it makes good contact with the mic .
it is a real bargain !
i highly recommend it .
simple : it does what it says it does .
at a great price : )
then into a 40 channel high end mixing board .
our problem was not enough gain using this setup .
this gave our sound man superb control he did not have earlier .
packaging was retail quaility was better than expected
works great and seems to be made well .
quality economical way to end up with four properly terminated cables .
this is a high quality product .
works with microphone as intended .
i am very happy with it .
item was received as described and works well .
the product performs as described .
i enjoy using the product and use it frequently .
i own several of these and love them .
i highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional .
also check out hosa 's sinlge xlr to double xlr splitter .
no issues..nice and heavy cable..good value for the money .
no audible distortion for home use .
worked fine with pa , phone , computers etc..
it does it job and does it cheaply .
the aux plug is a little cheap , but still working fine for me .
does exactly as it describes .
i 've been a fan of hosa cables for some time .
good cable and great price .
better quality than a lot of other similarly priced cables
good cables , i used this to connect a eq to a crown amp .
i purchased four of these .
all four came in original store package with some minor damage on the package .
the product inside the package was 100 % in perfect working order .
i asume this is why they were so cheap .
their loss my gain .
i have a collection of cables already from this store ! ! !
! ... .thanx , `` spiderman $ $ ''
midi midi midi midi midi midi
very inexpensive but does the job well .
pretty excellent midi cable for it 's price .
i have no problems/issues every since buying this 6 months ago .
i am a first time user of midi .
definitely no complaints about this product .
great for my handycam .
have had it for over a year , still working exactly as expected .
good basic accessory , well built .
i keep this and a dual-xlr version in my kit at all times .
awesome little cable to use on a dslr .
this is for mono use so be carefull for post editing .
i use this to connect a mic to my gopro 3. works great !
good quality for price .
came on tome , used it with no issues .
it 's a perfect means of using a hand mike with a dslr .
the audio comes out crisp and clear equally on both channels .
i used this to connect a lavalier microphone to the 7d camera .
it is long enough so that you can be away from your subject .
i needed a way to use my wireless mic through my recorder .
i am very happy with it .
i generally use this with my sennheiser lav mic system when i film events .
works well with sure microphone , just as advertised .
it 's ok , like i was expecting .
solid build quality , seems very durable .
short and sweet , just what i was looking for .
this is a cheap midi cable that works like a champ .
people walk on them .
this midi plug is perfect .
i even bought 2 right away because of the price .
i bought three of these inexpensive cables to hook up my keyboards and interfaces .
and you ca n't beat the price !
it 's a cable for midi that 's short !
there 's not much else to say about it .
it works as well as i would expect !
quality cables at a great price !
would order again next time i have the need for midi cables .
i needed this connector or my camera .
i would tell anyone to get this great product .
i have no reason not to expect proper results from it .
i recommend this seller .
when you need this , but do not have it , you feel it !
i use this cable to connect my microphone to my computer .
so it was n't the cable 's fault , just my own personal issue .
overall , this cable is well built and simply works
this is one of those , it is what it is posts .
works well to connect xlr to mic input on consumer camera .
it 's a cable what else i can say ?
it 's a cable .
it works just fine and dandy .
obviously you 'll need a microphone , this cable and internet access .
that will replay anything the microphone is picking up .
i used this for school .
what can i say ?
it holds up to pro application .
items arrived on time .
i used every week without a problem .
i used it for church .
i used this to connect my azden mic to my canon 5d mark iii .
sound turned out excellent in theaters .
solid reliable midi cable .
i plug it in and i 'm ready to go .
no hassle no problems and i 'm ready to make music .
i use this to connect my keyboard to my voicelive touch .
works great , no problems .
what else could you ask for ?
the product met my expectations .
it was expertly packaged and promptly shipped .
i am overall very pleased with this purchase .
otherwise , it 's just what i was looking for !
midi cables in the local music shops are outrageous .
yet they want as much as a monster cable for them , ridiculous .
i will be back to buy more if i need it .
do n't buy the hype when purchasing digital cables .
the one from radio shack seems more robust .
if you need a midi cable this buy this .
or go to radio shack for one .
i 've had good luck with hosa cables .
midi , patch , etc .
have n't encountered a bad one so far .
yes , i can say how i like it with the stars .
i do not like to be required to write more
it 's a midi cable .
i have n't had any issues with it .
the rubber grip near the edges is a nice touch .
works with canon t3i to any xlr microphone .
great quality and no reason to give it anything less than 5 stars .
not sure if it mixes down to stereo or just mono or mono stereo .
will update review when i figure that out .
researched reviews you can trust , cody tubbs tubbs media productions www .
appears to be reasonably well made , for hosa that is .
i really like this thing .
wish i would have thought of this one .
great bang for your buck !
it works fine for the handy type recorders .
but forget hooking this directly to a pc .
way too much noise .
i needed this cable to attach my samson microphone to my olympus digital recorder .
i rated 4 star because this product works the way it suppose to work .
nothing fancy , just a nice , solid , well-made cable .
some would say yes and some would say no .
the connectors are solid and well-molded .
they have good strain reliefs .
the cables are thick and comfortably pliable without being wimpy .
it 's very durable and it worked without a problem .
the cables work as they should and the price was great too .
make sure you get the proper length of cable for your needs
works great for connecting my midi drums to my interface card .
cable is of decent quality and reasonable length given the cost .
i 'd probably grab a couple more just to have handy .
good build quality , and it does its job quite well .
you ca n't go wrong with it .
well , it works fine .
connectors fit firm and there is no play .
i thought that the cable itself would be 1 foot .
the entire thing including the xlr connector is 1ft .
the cable itself is only 7-8 inches .
you ca n't go wrong with this cable at this price point .
but it works splendidly !
but in my case it was just right .
still 4-stars , but found another use .
i have a few hosa cables .
they do the job .
there is no quality loss , and there is no volume loss .
i suggest buying a longer cable .
you can always shorten it by wrapping it up .
it was as described well and it works fine .
what more can you ask for when buying a cord ?
exactly as described , well made , does its job perfectly .
i have had no problem with it .
i bought this to use with the rode ntg2 and a canon 5d mk3 .
but time will tell .
i mount both items on mini tripods with this short cable connecting them together .
it 's a great match for the application .
we needed this adapter and this was the cheapest and most professional replacement .
justice for kurt cobain .
works as it should .
it 's long enough to fit easily from the microphone to the camera body .
value is excellent for the price .
right out of the phantom power , to the extension , to the pc .
i 'm all set .
i do recommend a f/m 3.5 extension like i said
system < /a > & nbsp ; into something more useable .
another reason why i love this is it 's noise free .
firm fit , solidly molded ends , reputable branded cable .
seems like it 's good quality , too , and stays well connected .
have have no problems using these to line up all my gear .
like totally awesome dude !
these cables are built well and you simply ca n't beat the value .
a great addition to my home studio .
such low noise ratio .
so happy this thing functions so correctly !
does exactly what i needed it to do .
hosa makes great cable products
these midi cords have worked great for me .
have been using them now for about a month .
this cable works for its intended purpose , and does it well .
does what it is suppose to .
i use this to go from a maschine to a midi keyboard .
usb is faster so if you can do it that way , do it .
but this is a great product for the price .
the ends of the midi cable look and feel like quality .
if you need a one-foot midi cable , this is certainly one of those .
i used it to connect the midi-pro box to my rock band squier guitar .
this cable worked as expected .
it seems to be very good quality .
i always get great service at amazon .
nothing crazy , nothing special , just doing its job !
what important is to manage your money properly .
this cable works very well for my midi devices .
it was a great price and connected to all my devices .
it was long enough for my needs .
purchased 3 of these and all work fine .
no manufacturing issues , appears to be a good quality product .
quality sounds good from a first impression .
as long as it holds up , i 'm satisfied with the purchase .
high quality and with great shielding !
buy it , you 'll love it .
this is my first xlr cable , so i ca n't compare it anything .
compliments my vixia r40 when i want to use an external mic .
it works , what else is there to say ?
i have a panasonic g6 , which works great for movies .
built in mics are good , but nothing like external mics .
good price , very solidly built .
this item is not a mono balanced xlr to a stereo unbalanced mic cable .
pin # 3 then ties to pin # 1 with the ground wire .
item worked very well .
just plug & play , works like a charm !
i purchased a shotgun mic and the chord was too long for my dslr .
get yourself one today !
this works just fine due to the short wire .
no extra wire to deal with or hasel with .
it is a 1/8 '' stereo ended angled plug on one end .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
it works fine and is as advertised .
no complaints and the price was great .
yes , i would recommend this to others .
it did exactly as advertised .
ca n't lose with this product .
well - this is the one .
otherwise - they do what you 'd want and expect them to do !
2. stuck with xlr shotgun mic and various other xlr handhelds .
5. got perfect audio .
got a bonus from the client .
as advertised ... well made .
i 'm quite happy with these .
works perfectly for my needs .
have 2 of them - left and right - and it sounds great .
delivered quickly and works as described
quality cables , nuff said .
it is a cable .
the build seems sturdy and without obvious defects .
i purchased 3 of these model , they all have worked great .
the product was as described on the web site .
i recommend it for the rockband midi box .
what can i say ?
these midi cables do n't cost much but they work very well .
it 's a midi cable .
much cheaper than guitar center , best buy etc .
i needed it to connect my native instruments maschine to an akai mpk49 .
this is perfect for what i was looking for .
great , long cable at a great price !
i use this for recording with pro tools and midi
this cable does the trick , and it was cheap , cheap , cheap .
i consider that a win .
the quality is good .
nothing to complain about .
and the shielding cable seems fairly thick .
it was a few dollars cheaper than the same thing at best buy .
hosa makes great high-quality cables , and this midi cable is another shining example .
they 've been tossed around and mutilated in all sorts of bags and cases .
bought this for the short length and it is perfect !
well made , xlr 3 pin adaptor to mini .
this works perfectly with the dynamic microphone and camcorder i bought on amazon .
i like this cable for a very special need .
also be careful on which microphone you use .
this little hosa xlr does it for me .
and i really like it 's neat , stylish design .
used between our digital video camera 's mic-in port and the wireless mic receiver .
so for this application , this cable is highly recommended .
this one feels sturdy and fits well in the sony a57-slt jack .
i am happy with this purchase .
cable helps me record onto my laptop .
works as it should .
minor clean up in post .
this adapter works well and was a really good price .
much cheaper than many i have seen in the past .
i can confirm it 's compatible with the red epic and scarlet .
it so far as worked flawlessly .
could n't ask for more .
i bought this for use with rock band 3 pro instruments .
for this purpose , it is perfect .
it stays connected and the quality seems good .
it does its job with no problem so far .
i needed a cheap , midi cable and this product delivered .
connections feel solid especially for the price .
i would n't call this thing highest quality but it definitely is n't cheap .
cable has a good thickness and feel to it as well .
i already purchased another .
i would definitely recommend to others
work it as is and good price !
not much to be said .
it 's a midi cable , and it works just fine .
the quality seems about right for the price .
this is all you need for a good midi cable .
the cable itself is soft and flexible , has about a half-inch bend radius .
i use these cables to connect my midi controller keyboard to a synthesizer module .
have n't had any problems , seems to work perfect .
this is a great little cable .
i bought this microphone for use in an it department for occasional audio recording .
it certainly does the trick .
the cable is of good quality wire , and the connectors are well constructed .
very simply , this connector will not introduce hum or noise into your setup .
being a dslr shooter comes with its advantages and disadvantages .
obviously audio is the main problem that we all face .
this little guy took control of the situation and slapped it like a pimp .
cable arrived a day earlier than expected , and works exactly as advertised .
a really fine hosa product that exceeds expectation at a great price .
this item performs as advertised .
low noise and great durability .
works perfectly to power my system !
fast shipping and high quality cable .
thank you fit find on microphone it just what i wanted
i just wish the xlr connector was neutrik !
instead of the 1 ft. for my dslr shotgun mic .
it is a little tight .
this product corrects that by sending the mono signal into both stereo channels .
just received this cord and it seems to work as expected .
what can you say about an adapter cord ?
clear audio for the price on a canon dslr and i highly recommend it .
i got a 15ft one .
just buy it , you know you want it : )
works the way it 's supposed to .
90 degree trs is a nice touch .
the hosa angled 1/8 stereo to female xlr cable is pretty great .
why is it pretty great ?
plus , this one is angled .
reasonably priced , works as advertised , and ships quickly .
with only one exception , this cable is not designed for a stereo camera .
this cable is a balanced cable .
this is not that cable .
i do n't really know what else to say .
the wiring seems fine , though a little on the fragile side .
with normal home/amateur use , this will work fine .
for what it is , it 's actually just fine .
this is exactly what i need for my shotgun mic .
quality and construction are decent and it does its job .
huge improvement in audio quality .
this cable for the price you can not go wrong .
it has not failed me one time since i have purchased it .
( about a year ago . )
use this in conjunction with my samson headworn system and it works very well !
it does ok for what it is so i gave it 4 stars .
just the right length to reach the ports on the camera .
no hissing sounds what so ever .
i could not be happier with this purchase .
the weight and angle of this cable are perfect !
the price is right too !
bought this in conjunction with my mackie thump .
i use it to plug in my iphone .
very good construction and materials .
i was able to record into both pro tools and audition with no issues .
the mic has an xlr output and the recorder a stereo mini mic input .
the adapter works just fine .
best cords ever , heavy duty quality ...
great price great , product .
worked exactly as it was meant to , without any static or noise .
has lasted for almost two years now and still use it once in a while
it is ideal for connecting a shotgun mic to a dv camera . ''
if you are using a mono microphone , you are looking for the xvm102f .
it handles the stereo separation quite nicely .
it 's even capable of phantom power , if you need that .
bought this for my canon t2i .
works perfect and great quality .
i ordered this to use regular stage microphones with the tascam dr07 digital recorder .
dynamic mics just do not put out enough for this use .
perhaps it needs a stereo xlr condenser mic .
you just have to make sure the plug doesnt get pulled from your camera .
it has worked flawlessly the first few weeks that i have owned it .
i use nothing but hosa cables in my studio .
i highly recommend using hosa .
worked well felt a little cheap .
yes it works great !
needed new interconnect cables for my studio and these work perfectly .
good product at a good price .
good cables and length .
the gauge is a little on the thinner side .
we shall see if they hold up with time .
good cable , better than the one the mic i got came with .
hosa makes great cables - no exception here .
high quality , has withstood the rigors of mobile/wedding dj use .
as advertised ... hosa products are always of good quality/design .
use this to connect my ipod to a bose l1 live sound/stage pa system .
just what i needed .
these are cheap cords they break after a month !
works great , very affordable .
your basic xlr to 1/4 trs cable .
no issues , works fine .
quality cable for casual use .
perfect for studio use .
as far as quality goes ... ... .so far , so good .
i needed this for something pretty specific and it got the job done .
arrived on time in good condition , and the price was reasonable .
ca n't ask for much more than that .
these are the cables you need to connect the xlr outputs to powered monitors .
does what it 's supposed to : )
works great and looks good .
i 'm using the non-balanced version of this snake .
it 's nicely made and works fine .
very high quality wiring and casing ; decent connectors .
works wonderfully to connect my mixer to a personal-mixer monitoring system .
very good cables at a great price .
the colors are what really set these cable connections apart from the others .
i have the trs version of this and it is of good quality .
it seems pretty durable for the price you pay
made very well , has a good strain relief on trs plug .
good fit and finish .
am very happy with these cables .
the price was excellent .
the products meets all my expectations .
i would recommend the products to others for purchase .
hosa cables ca n't be beat for the price .
i highly recommend it .
as cables go this is a good product at a great price .
would not hesitate to purchase more items from this manufacturer
cable is well built and performed flawless with our in ear monitor system .
would gladly purchase again !
this works well and i love the color coding .
just what i needed and expected .
exactual what was needed .
amazing solution for my rackmounted guitar effects .
this does the trick .
seems very sturdy/ durable .
price was not excessive .
the only snake i 'll touch .
works great on my electric drum set .
great set of wire .
less of wire to deal with love them told my friends
perfect cords , i am very happy .
just as expected , great
great product for the price .
does what it 's meant to do .
durable cover , good color coding , and a good price .
used to interconnect moog synthesizers to mixers and effects generators .
great value in lower priced cable .
great deal , and great sound .
perfect for attaching a motu896 to my mixing board .
i 'm so happy with this cable !
my favorite cable company !
they work perfectly and i have n't had any problems in over a year .
if i need something similar in the future , i might get this again .
i 'm now going to use these in my studio setup .
will provide update once everything is in place .
perfect for my limited home studio needs .
i 've used many hosa products and only a very few have failed .
and that was only after a few years of use .
the package arrived quicker than expected , and without damage .
this cable snake was a welcomed addition to my recording studio .
and the price was a good deal for the hosa cable brand .
yes , i would recommend this cable-set for anyone on a tight budget .
quality of the cords not top-shelf but do a basic job .
anyhow , for this purpose , this works perfectly .
used it for recording going from my interface to the mixing board .
great for running an interface to a mixer , or a mixer to amplifiers .
works as expected ! !
it 's a lot better than having six separate cables .
looks good and sounds very good !
excellent product ! ! ! ! ! !
nice cable , fast shipping , reasonable price .
great cable for little money .
hosa cables , once again , rock on !
durable , long , and amazing !
good cable for the price .
love the canvas wound cable .
has a very sturdy feel .
works well as a guitar cable too .
hard to tangle and stores well .
really like it : ) and it is pretty long ...
love this cord very durable and great connections
shipped promptly and arrived just as advertised .
worth the extra cash .
my older cheapo cables feel like junk next to this guy .
this is a very well made cable and the tweed wrap looks too cool !
good quality chinese instrument cable .
for an amateur/practice cable you ca n't really beat this value .
nothing negative to say about it .
i like the cloth covering .
item as described ... ..
exactly as expected , works great .
should last if i take care of it .
super reliable and durable .
cables work great and look great .
not as stiff as other cables i 've used .
i bought them for my son and he likes them .
seems to be holding up ok
thick , well made , does n't tangle bad .
has n't given out yet .
best guitar cables ever .
exactly what i expected and cheaper than monster cables .
it 's been awhile since i purchased this cable and still working great .
by the way i use it for live performances .
very dependable high quality music cable that 's highly durable and flexible .
hosa produces high quality dependable cables
great quality product from a great seller .
nice and clean sound .
exactly what my husband wanted .
pretty darn good for the money .
i have 4 of these cables in my studio .
i am very pleased with the quality .
ca n't beat the price .
this seems to be very well made and durable .
looking forward to years of music from my daughter .
good looking cloth cable has lasted many years .
am still carrying it with me to gigs .
it looks so classy .
high quality cable , worth it ...
works great , and no noise when used for recording !
this is such a great cable for your guitar .
i use it for my for my electric acoustic guitar .
it is very durable and it accomplices the color of my guitar .
good , quality cord .
keeps the band playing .
no kinks it seemed to work so far
so good and yet so affordable !
still works like new after a long time and lots of use .
goes great with my peavey classic 50 .
not a bad price and i like the woven wrap and the metal plugs !
good design and workmanship it appears !
great deal if they last 6-10 years !
exactly what i wanted for a fair price
very happy with this cable .
solid construction and should last a long while under normal use .
ca n't beat the price either .
good cable , not a cheap one .
i have 3 of these , all are still working well , no problems .
like the way that it looks .
it does get a little tangled sometimes though .
seems to be holding up pretty well so far
i think they work great .
hard to beat for the price .
excellent 18 foot braided cord that am pleased with .
uality cable with no hum .
does not kink up easily .
bright , full tone .
a definite improvement over my previous ( and not at all cheap ) cord .
perfect , exactly what i was looking for !
totally worth buying to get free shipping nice product
sounds good , looks good , feels good .
awesome product work great no noise would buy again
i really like the classic look though it is a very modern shielded cable .
they are the old kind with noisy ballasts .
this cable just does n't let that stuff in , though .
very good shielding for $ 16 at18 feet .
this is a pro cable ( gauge question aside ) at consumer pricing .
buying two more today .
nice ... especially for the price .
i will buy more .
i purchased one several months ago to use between my bass and pedal board .
a quality cable that if it ever fails i can easily repair it .
good quality cord , good price .
get a few and keep them on hand for when you lose one .
these are repairable if you know what to do .
comparable to a quality shop cable .
excellent shielding ... .check !
excellent flexibility ... .check !
excellent strain relief ... .check !
this is not a cheap cable ... .it 's a quality cable sold inexpensively .
gets the job done cheaply and it looks great .
i 'm using it around the house , so no gigging or heavy abuse .
very well made cable .
i lose cables like it 's nobody 's business .
they totally worked fine and i lost them like a month later .
for a good length cable under $ 20 bucks , i absolutely recommend it .
better then the old rubber coated ones i have had for the past ten years
it 's simple , it 's inexpensive and it works well .
looks great with my natural wood body bass guitar .
love the right angle plug too !
got this with an amp and guitar .
goes together like pb & j with my tweed strap .
no issues to report .
just a really great cable .
great cable , great price .
seems very durable , would recommend .
nice cable , stays tangle free for the most part .
good quality and performance .
works fine , no noise at all .
so far so good : )
does the job needed .
good looking cable which appears to be well put together .
much nicer than traditional black rubber coated cable .
nice affordable cable for my son that abuses his stuff .
good quality for a great price .
good sound and good price
this thing is the real deal .
super well made and does its job like a champ .
same sound quality as my expensive monster cable
very flexible & will not kink try it .
just like it was advertise online , thanks .
great quality , retro look .
great cable , great price .
the serviceable connectors are a definite plus .
good cable , great look , and so far has held up .
even if it breaks its repairable , so its a great deal .
i 've been using it everyday !
i love this cable .
it is very flexable and does not tangle as i move around the stage .
looks good with my fender ramparte .
great cable for the money .
outer jacket looks very cool .
no problems at all .
would recommend this cable to anyone .
good product , well made .
packaging was short of 5 stars though .
i stumbled on to this item .
i asked a person in the know what they thought about it .
love the right angle input .
nice construction and perfect length for playing around the house .
a pro could use this and be pleased , clear sound , no distortion .
her other cable just got broke .
looks much better than plain old black .
beautiful looking cable -- perfect for acoustic-electric instruments .
works great , sounds great .
seems very well put together .
good cable for the money .
not sure about longevity ? ? ? ? ?
good price fast shipping .
good quality cable , good connectors , amazing price .
great cable and the look is awesome .
great construction , great looking , great sound !
great cable for the price and do n't tangle up easily like most .
this guitar cable is very nice .
it looks high quality and has the white ends .
fantastic deal for this cable .
this was purchased as a replacement cable .
it was packaged professionally and shipped expediently .
will use seller again .
cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff .
only time will tell how well the soldering is .
sounds fine to me .
works like it should .
replace old frayed cord , so i can play again .
this is truly the finest instrument cord at a wonderful price .
i never knew i could sound so good !
at the purchase price , i could not pass up the insane deal .
the product is top quality .
try it out at guitar center to see for yourself .
i love the tweed design .
the cable is exceptionally long , almost too long for my needs .
it is very high quality , sturdy , and looks great .
so far it has held up well .
low noise , solid feel .
low noise and works great with various electric guitars .
sounds great and the wrapping allows me more movement and less binding and tangles .
works great for bottom plug in on prs .
not so great for angled receptacle on strat .
cable does tend to make vertical loops on floor for tripping unsuspecting feet .
overall quality is good and would give 5 stars if not for kinking tendency .
i like this beautiful cable .
great price /performance relationship .
compared with other cables that i owned it has a low tendency to twist .
not a bad starter !
works for my jay turser guitar and amp .
love this for playing my electric guitar .
a must if you need to have some moving ability .
great cable that is well designed .
high quality look and feel , works perfectly .
does n't get bound up in knots like an electrical cord .
it behaves itself and coils up nicely .
looks great with my j-45
this seems to be a well made cable .
i just ordered another one .
it still looks fairly new .
folds down nicely w the velcro strip .
what a great deal on a stylish cord .
hosa makes great cables .
sometimes the photos do n't match the description .
my husband was thrilled and i 've had no complaints .
he 's a happy man which makes me a happy wife .
great high quality cable .
super , super flexible cords .
and a good price .
i 've always favored these tweed-type cords over the rubber ones myself .
the one angled end works well with my telecaster too .
good choice if you like the looks .
now we 'll see it it lasts .
looks good , works well , quite functional and nostalgic .
then coil it in the diameter it wants to be coiled .
i prefer woven cables for looks .
they have a nice stage presence .
hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables .
great cables , inexpensive and have already a few shows on them .
hurry up before they raise the price on these ...
cord does its job .
give you a classic vibe with no additional noise .
very happy with it .
so i wo n't knock down my rating for something that has always happens .
i needed this for my jazzmaster that has a front face input .
quality cable at a good price .
i really like the length and the angled plug .
perfect for practicing at home and playing small shows
this cable is amazing .
i love the quality , the look and the tweeded mesh texture .
there does not seem to be any noise introduced by the cable .
i use this cable on a regular basis .
i prefer it over my monster cable .
i see no signal difference between the two cables .
save some money and go with this one .
i needed a right angle cord for my vintage silvertone semi acoustic guitar .
this fit my need .
great cable for the money .
great gear for the price .
a very nice guitar cable with tweed jacket that is 18 foot long .
i bought this cable because i could n't find any of my old cables .
it lays pretty darn flat now and looks great .
great price for a solid cable .
great quality , and have lasted quite a while , look great too !
only issue is that they will not straighten out , and kink up easily .
what can you say -- hosa makes great cables at a great price .
this cable is well makes and is very quiet .
connectors are of high quality .
does a nice job for little money .
great for beginner student or just have an extra around the house .
wires are as good as the connections they make .
this cable works fine and is doing the job it is designed to do .
this cord seems to hold up quite well .
they are decent cables .
tangle very easy , have to unplug and straighten out often , but they work
good quality , nice sound
no bells or whistles just a cable for a good price
good for what i wanted
i use it with my amt e1 effect .
and my jackson guitar .
it fits them pretty well .
sound quality is very good .
looks really cool and sounds great .
i like them a lot .
really nice tweed wrapped guitar cable .
i will definitely be buying more hosa brand cables in the future .
highly recommended for home or small gigs .
good cable for the cost .
been using this one daily , works great .
i 'm close to my amp so i did n't need it very long .
good quality cord , i recommend .
worked great for my guitar needs .
works as it should , nice material
quality , withstands being lugged around many stages in all weather .
i love these cables .
they are still perfect and they get used for many hours each day
these are currently my best cables i own .
i play strictly at home .
i have had no issue with the cables disconnecting .
not sure how it will last though .
even premium cords do wear out .
great cable that looks great and functions properly .
connectors are very good and cable appears to be well made .
best advice - lay it out down the hallway when your not using it .
it 'll straighten out faster this way .
best guitar cords for the price .
i am only getting hoza from now on .
i love the high quality insulation of the ends .
i have never seen that before and it is wonderful .
i use this for my practice rig .
i enjoyed the cable from that perspective .
i probably wo n't use this for my gig rig .
it works but seems to add some ambient noise .
also , there are no wraps .
works great for my practice rig .
hey , i gave it 4 stars .
works great - good quality
no static or feedback .
the product was great for the money i would recommend and purchase again
sound seems as good or better than our old , now broken cable .
great cable at a great price !
love the tweed jacket !
it gives the cord extra protection from getting stepped on .
love the movable velcro wrapper .
can also use it to wrap around shoulder strap for extra security .
love the reinforced end connectors .
penny for penny , the best cable i 've ever owned !
both plugs sleeves were slightly loose but i tightened them up ... no problem .
all in all a great cable ! !
exactly what i expected .
i will be ordering more .
now my other cords show how cruddy they are .
it 's a guitar cable , it works .
not a whole lot else to say .
i like the woven look , but that 's just personal preference .
would recommend it to others !
really and outstanding quality cable at an affordable price .
the cloth is decent quality .
perfect length for personal practice use .
all around very pleased for the low price .
it disconnects easy , so not a very good cable for gigging with .
overall good value for the money .
nice cable with good flexibility and stylish , too .
looks good with tweed amp .
what else can you say about a cable ?
works as expected , great price
bought to run sound to a mixer from my sapphire pro 40 in church .
works great with my quad mike receiver
hosa makes quality cables .
i am very satisfied with this product .
the description was on point .
i would recommend this product .
this item is as advertised .
would recommend product and store front too .
wanted rean connectors ( long story ) , but they do the same job .
cable is black , end is silver , and strain relief is white .
cables are definitely a thing gauge , but seem to be holding up well .
great for the price .
wire works great and it is very high quality
five stars says it .
this cord is quite lightweight and resists getting twisted up .
the connector swivels are smooth and firmly mounted .
i ended up with this 18 ' tweed cable and am very happy .
it looks and sounds nice .
the price from amazon was great for the quality ( prime included ) .
i own another shorter hosa cable ( non-tweed ) that connects pedals to amp .
for stationary connectors , you could go with plastic and save a few bucks .
great price and solid quality .
the pins were loose when they arrived .
i just tightened them and away we went .
perfect to connect a keyboard to the mixer .
great guitar cable for anyone who needs as righty angle plug .
we use it for the fiddle and it works like a charm .
good looking chord too .
i got this a couple months ago and love it .
it does n't have much bend memory which is ideal for a cable .
sound is fine ... i have n't noticed any lack or frequency .
everything seems well built here and has been working for months without any problem .
works like it is supposed to !
the 90degree angled jack works great on the guitar end !
cables like this get lots and lots of use and abuse .
a+ quality , good flex and looks good and works great .
gets the job done .
seems to be well made .
very happy with this purchase .
this is a freaking awesome cable .
using it with a sawtooth amp and plugging into an epiphone and a washburn .
works better than 2 other ones i bought
great cable for the price !
i particularly like the right angle plug .
it works well on most guitars except strats and strat style guitars .
this cable is far more flexible than plastic coated cables .
i 'm very pleased with it and recommend it .
great value , hard to improve on .
unique look , flexible , quiet .
i received my cable this morning and could n't be happier with my purchase .
first of all the delivery speed was amazing .
i placed my order about 48 hours ago .
seems to be good quality and looks nice .
only time will tell how good the materiel 's are .
for the price point i can not find 1 flaw with this .
very nice cable and far nicer than the old rubber coated cables .
looks smart , works well , and priced right .
i used wireless for gigs but this one i used for practice .
very nice , cheap and reliable .
love the material , and love the vintage feel/look of it .
i 'll be buying a few more soon .
nice tweed cloth sheath .
very pliable , comfortable on the hands .
phone plugs good/better quality , nice durable chrome/nickel finish .
it even has an integral cord wrap for storage , was n't expecting that .
i use the 18 footer from my stomp box .
ends come loose easily , but it works perfectly after 8 months .
good cable it works for me !
just a great quality cable .
good price for great product
work fine so far .
great ( maybe a bit thin )
i own several hosa cables , and they seem to be very good value .
this cable seems to be well made .
used several times a week with no problem .
excellent for use with a portable device and powered speakers .
these are very strong and very flexible too .
works well with no issues .
we have used these cables for a while and they have been very reliable .
it was a gift .
nephew 's friend loves it .
nephew was very happy to get it !
they are pretty rough on cords and this one should last .
good quality cable ca n't be beaten for the price .
great cable so far .
this was purchased for my teenage son .
it works great and was very inexpensive .
i would recommend this product from beginner to expert .
it is not a coated tweed jacket like some of the pricier cables .
simply use a little care , though and it 'll be fine .
it is not a coated tweed jacket like some of the pricier cables .
simply use a little care , though and it 'll be fine .
but in the case of this hosa cable , that ai n't the case .
i like the extra-long strain reliefs .
works well with my home studio gear .
nice cables for limited space or studio monitors .
working great so far .
really outlast higher priced cords .
would recommend this cord to anyone .
i 'm reasonably gentle on my gear .
they 've been reliable through numerous gigs and all the practices between .
i would confidently recommend these to anybody looking for a quality product .
you may want to consider some wireless system if that 's your case .
i 've used hosa for years , they have never let me down .
all their cords are quit and are quality produces .
i have never had a hosa go bad on me .
excellent guitar cord with no static background heard while using or moving about .
awesome product and reasonable price .
this cable sends sounds to my amp perfectly without distortion .
it 's worth spending a jackson , imo .
bought several for home studio .
well-built , if not a bit pricey .
it is awesome and beautiful and i love it .
this gives me a classic look to my guitar/amp set up .
i 'm quite satisfied .
i bought a guitar cable and an xlr mic cable to match .
works as good as anything out there and has the old class .
though i 've only had it for a couple weeks
heavy duty and at a bargain price .
i would recommend this .
i bought a budget guitar and did n't like it .
the hosa gtr-210 guitar cable is legit .
this is the best cable i have ever had .
it feels very sturdy and the quality of sound being transferred is very high .
there is no unnecessary noise or unwanted distortion .
if it were to break on me , i would buy it again !
bought this for my son .
he says its brtter than the one that came with his guitar .
he plays his electric more than acoustic now .
good quaiity audio cable worth the money ... great price
i have been using these heavily and they have shown minimal wear and tear .
great cables for the price
it 's a simple cable .
what more can you ask for !
is long and awesome .
pretty good , came as promised !
great cord for the price .
easily $ 20 at the music shop .
works fine so far .
came on time and well packaged .
good utility guitar cable at a competitive price .
basic , simple , works well .
no feedback , great cable so far .
standard guitar cable for a good price .
the plastic jacket can be half the length than it is .
this is a well made cable .
for under ten bucks ?
seems good quality , works perfectly so far .
good wire for the money .
shipped fast as well .
i 'm not a rocker .
it does what it should .
i 'm able to hear my music out of my amp .
the chord is the right size for what i do .
no problems after months of use .
it is great for a beginer
works perfectly so far .
what can i say , it does what i need it too !
now if only i would practice more and not be the suck .
do n't expect a mogami quality input , but this sounds good enough .
durability is debatable , but you definitely get more than you pay for .
plug it in ! ! !
easy to connect for a beginner .
seem a little soft , but so far have worked well .
purchased several and quality very consistent .
so far so good .
it 's pretty good for some things , but not for other things .
that 's all i 'll say on it .
quality seems good so far .
seems to be a nice cord .
i think it is a good price for what you get .
i keep two of them in my pedal board case .
also bought on amazon .
for the price it 's good but it feels cheap and low quality .
good quality , works as expected .
good cable but have n't walked on it enough to say more .
in short worth the money .
looks great have n't used .
good quality for the price
very high quality cable , excellent connection & sound .
great cable reinforcing at both ends .
solid feel , good sound !
i 've used hosa in the past and it 's been reliable .
it looks like they 're using switchcraft connectors on this cable .
so far , so good .
if it fails , i 'll be back to let you know .
will order again when i need another cable .
this is a good cable at a good price .
i purchased it for my roland drum set .
it 's a cable , it 's cheap , it works .
works as expected with my keyboard and lexicon i-o/22 .
i ca n't notice any added noise or interference and the connectors fit well .
value , the working mans cable .
i have hosa connecting 95 % of my home studio .
you ca n't go wrong .
reasonably priced and they work fine .
i just ordered three more of these .
this is a good , basic quality midi cable .
i would definatly recommend .
great product to hook up to a guitar
good length , soft flexible cable .
seems to be holding up to rigors of weekly gigging .
time will tell if this was a wise investment
nice guitar cable for a good price
nice cable , good value for the money
the product i received was exactly as advertised .
connection is strong , and the sound comes through clear .
love this cable it heavy and works great for gigs
a very supple well made instrument cable .
i would recommend it as hosa makes nice cables that work well .
i 'd recommend any cable made by hosa .
no problem with seller !
the amp was a christmas gift , the recipient was very happy .
very good quality cable , perfect length .
very happy with this purchase , and i 'd definitely buy again .
good quality and length .
nice for a stereo connection i/o to o/i
what can i say , there cables .
good price for good product .
would order from seller in future .
quality , and better than fiddling around with two cables .
hosa cables are pretty reliable and these are no exception .
good quality cable , does exactly what it 's supposed to do .
as a professional musician i need what i need for live concerts-not obstacles .
bought it to connect my roland foot switch to boss dr3 .
always impressed and satisfied with each purchase .
i very seldom give 5 stars..all good !
these are high-quality and appear to be solid .
good , quality , well-made cable .
best price i could find for the length .
this is a midi cable so it either works or it does n't .
great cables at a great price .
it is a very cheap , reliable solution .
great product ... ... ... ..perfect for what i needed in my recording studio
works as intended connecting my korg keyboard to my audio interface
i 've used hosa cables forever and never had a problem .
this is no exception .
no communication dropouts and the connectors fit perfectly in my gear .
tough , durable and economical to use that i give .
100 percent recommended for the purchase of this product .
this product was just what i wanted and super fast shipping .
works well and serves it 's purpose .
great purchase , quick delivery would recommend
works very well , and seems quite durable .
great for the price .
hosa is inexpensive , this is true .
but , i do n't mind that .
it does the job .
i should have gotten a longer one .
cables are cables , they work .
perfect length when moving around and offers great sound quality .
3 years later and this cable has still held up perfectly well .
nothing too exceptional , just great .
not bad but a bit shaky .
plugs right into my guitar .
easy to replace old strings and sound great
no noise from the cable and sound is n't degraded .
grest price , minor cosmetic stuff , but it works well .
he says it 's perfect and he loves it .
these are exceptionally good cords for the price .
wire is a bit weak , but it gets the job done .
when the cord arrived i realized that i bought the wrong style .
the quality seams good .
i will get some use out of with my ovation .
never used it , but looked like a solid cable .
these are great cables .
great cable at a great price !
great for the money and work well
just what i needed- movement with a quality amp cord .
love the cable , my mistake , i ordered two , only need one .
can you credit or give me credit .
this is a great , cheap cable .
bought for my daughters to learn guitar with their mini squier strats .
no problems or concerns with these cables as of yet .
no noise from these cables at all !
very solid and very quality from the jacks to the wires .
bought a couple then bought a couple more !
i am very satisfied with these .
works well and affordable price .
havent had any issues and i have abused the guitar cable quite a bit .
have n't had any problems with it breaking down
works great , no problems .
i did n't have any problems with the cable .
no buzz , nothing broken .
good product for the price and delivered earlier than promised .
it works , what can i say .
mine is still going strong .
i have used more expensive cables that were not as good as these .
i have no complaints at all .
will buy these in the future .
my son loves this cable .
no issues and solid construction .
i have several of these now .
i like the white sleeves that support the wires behind the connectors .
the best feature for me is that they are shielded well .
i have not experienced any buzz or hums through my speakers with these .
cheap fix ... .works fine ( for now ) ...
thank you ! ! !
timely and i got exactly what i wanted .
not very long cable but good .
it came as described and works just as you would expect .
i pluged the cable into my guitar then into my new marshell amp .
nice for the price !
also at a great price .
it 's good just that it bends fast
the price is much better than other cables of similar quality .
will definitely buy these again as needed .
the price is right and the quality is there .
no issues with them at all .
used for any other instrument needs , not just guitar .
these are really awesome cables .
i ca n't seem to break them .
it works.. that is all
great product and great service !
for price point ca n't be beat .
solid durable cable with decent quality connectors .
the cable sounds great .
it is very light although solid .
decent enough -- not high end .
i 'm always looking to save money on music gear without losing sound quality .
so far i have ordered 3 of these and definitely recommend them .
sturdy , inexpensive and easily fixable .
exactly what i needed , works very well .
work as it should .
great cable holds up very nicely recommend for anybody .
great product , reasonable price .
it 's a cable and it works .
not a lot you can say .
it was the right length and worked fine .
2 straight 1/4 '' guitar plugs and a 10 ' shielded cord between .
i love this cable .
i was expecting it to break .
very nice cable for the price !
hope it lasts many years !
bought this cable in 2013 and it 's still working perfectly with daily use .
work great for price good quality
not sure of the quality but works fine for my sons beginner guitar setup .
if it breaks i will dismantle and add some pictures .
inexpensive cable that works great .
works well , thick and flexible cable .
that 's why it got 4 stars from me .
have n't had any noticeable trouble with this product .
does what it says .
this cable has worked fine for me with no problems .
i 'm using it to connect an inexpensive keyboard to a laptop .
reliable product , a little snug
exactly what i wanted !
yeah , cheaper than the rest and great quality .
lightweight and still tough .
so far so good .
took it on the road and have had no issues .
seems to be of good quality .
i like the quality of this cable .
hosa makes great , low cost , guitar cable .
i am very impressed with my purchase .
definitely recommend to all of you dj 's and guitar players .
cheap but gets the job done .
cable is good , shipping sucks .
even if you are prime .
no buzzing , hissing , anything , even on max volume .
imo , a solid cable .
have n't had any problems with it .
bought this to go with an amp that i got my son for christmas .
it came as it should have and did what we needed it to do .
delivered on time and as described .
working great so far for my niece
nice solid cable - works as expected .
cheap cables that hold up well .
this cable sounds great , have n't had any issues with it at all .
the price is excellent and it arrived quickly
individual cables seem to be of good quality .
like these , did what i needed it to do .
i would order again if needed it .
easy to use and as decribed
just what i needed .
exactly what i needed to connect to my daw
great cables at a great price .
it fit my needs exactly .
for the price this products is great .
it performs the task it was made to do .
though one may pay more for this product , none will be any better .
this seems like a nice professional cable .
hosa has always been a good choice for the money .
all of my personal gigging cable are hand made .
they seem to be fine for general use .
i even used them for a gig we played and it worked great .
inexpensive , and good quality
it was a gift but it was just what he wanted
not much you can say ... it 's a guitar cable .
cheap and well built .
arrived quickly and works as advertised .
well constructed and seemingly durable .
i purchased this for my nephew for christmas .
i ordered this three days before christmas and it arrived christmas eve .
this cable is taking an absolute beating .
works just as it should .
it 's good for the price .
it 'll get the job done
works great for my purposes
great cable for the money .
great cable would buy again
works great , no problems .
it 's well made and i received it on time .
i did n't know what i was looking for .
for the price , the product works perfectly .
if he continues to progress , a better cord may be in order .
solid quality with no degrading of sound quality so far that i can tell .
everyone needs an extra cable for hooking up amps or pedals .
no problem with this cable .
purchased many of these cables in different lengths .
have yet to have one problem with any of them .
however , they have n't helped my ability to play a guitar one bit !
it is a 10 foot cable .
it allows my son to stand approximately 10 feet away from his amp .
what else is there to say ?
great price , it works .
what else do you need ?
high quality material , great price , works perfectly .
arguably the best cable i 've ever bought , especially for the low price .
this is a good cable for the money .
beware , the 90 degree ones are n't recommended because of connector failure .
good sound from out amp and works perfect with my sons electric guitar .
they are a good value and shipping is pretty fast .
good stuff ... great service !
makes for a very happy husband .
the soft rubber insulation picks up dirt but that 's expected .
just treat it well and it 'll do it 's job .
and it is a guitar cable .
a guitar cable ; even the chinese ca n't fudge this up .
that being said ... it works as it should .
but i feel really dirty because i bought it .
two months after receiving the contract ; woops !
every chinese citizen loves their own homeland .
china is full of freedom and love .
there is not one single occurrence of homosexuality that is found in western societies .
our great society has no tolerance for such immoral nonsense !
our workers work to make the great and powerful china more powerful .
the imperialistic united states shall crumble upon china 's great might .
america will be no more .
america will become china , and china will reign forever .
the choice is yours .
lightning fast shipping at a great price .
cheap , soft ( easy to handle ) and works great !
it is amazing , since it 's universal and just amazing i just loved it
i think these are the best guitar cables for your buck .
swapped it out with the hosa and now sounds is unbelievable clean .
super happy with hosa cable .
it is very good !
no noise in line .
it 's a cable .
great for music instruments and strangling those that do n't like your music !
no issues with these instrument cables .
hosa has always impressed me with their quality and price points .
i will never spend $ 30+ at guitar center for cables again .
could be better , could be worse .
sounds good for the price and lasted a while with intense use .
it 's an essential item if you have an electric .
it 's not very long , but i did n't need a long cable .
transmits the sound exactly as expected , all at a great price !
this cord is great , works as it should and is really durable .
just what i needed ! !
nice , strong and looks longer than it actually is hehe .
i am happy with this purchase , it does and performs very well .
would buy from this company again .
good construction , solid connection .
the cable works fine .
the sound is good and i have never had any difficulties with them .
you can input two sources into one channel .
no humming or distortion .
no overwhelming plastic smell .
nice metallic finish on fittings .
easy to open box .
it does exactly as described .
it helped me assign 2 microphones onto one channel on my dj mixer .
looking forward to many more uses .
works just like it should .
affordable guitar cable that gets the job done .
my husband plays a lot of guitar and goes through a lot of cords .
this one has no complaints from him so far .
well constructed specially around jacks .
it cured my humming from e guitar .
it arrive very quick .
great product , great service .
time will tell whether it is durable .
so far so good .
good quality for the money
this product work just the way i expected .
i use it to play my electric guitar and keyboard .
it has a crisp sound and the cord is tangle free .
i recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an amp cord
ca n't complain it works just fine .
great cable - no noise .
thick heavy cable yet soft and easy to work with .
i 'll be getting more of these .
great ! ! ! ! !
still in use 1 year later
this little cable is pretty nifty .
the results where very pleasing .
stll for $ 9 , you cant beat it ! !
and will a great piece of gear to have especially in a podcast setting
they are hose quality and work fine .
works great with my berhinger x32 board .
it does the job ! !
exactly what we needed , delivered on time and works fine .
just what i was looking for !
this is an excellent guitar cable .
it has a tight connection , minimal buzzing , and makes a great sound .
definitely recommend this cable .
i just got a new guitar and needed some cheap accessories .
this cable looked like a steal at under $ 10 .
especially since it had such great reviews .
let me tell you why .
( you can see the white sheathing in the amazon photos ) .
otherwise , the cable is very good for the price .
i though i would give this a try .
the price was reasonable .
i was not disappointed !
very flexible , and coil easily .
also , unless i am crazy , it seems like my guitar sounds better .
item as expected , great value .
no noise says it all for me .
great price for a high quality cable .
for something so simple , guitar cables can be very expensive .
but not everybody needs top of the line , studio quality cables .
cables are just right .
like the secure and flexible connections .
solid enough for semi-permanent set up .
item is as described .
exelent , i love it
these were cheap and i needed some cables for my fx loop .
these did the trick , and they are also good for general use .
great for the price , ..no issues for now
works very well for church
i use this every day
this item is high quality .
cheap and does the job
nice sound , no connectivity issues .
great value for the price , and i received the mechandise quickly .
this cable has been working very well all the weeks since having bought it .
will it last for years ?
probably , but not absolutely sure .
the plugin jacks are 100 % serviceable .
the covering feels like real rubber and is 100 % flexible and kink-free .
there is zero signal loss , or distortion through this cable .
you could n't expect better quality from a cable costing 5 times as much .
this amp cable fills that bill , perfectly !
really nice supple cable .
these are very handy when needed good quality for the price
works perfect no issue .
this thing worked perfectly .
no loss in balance that i can tell .
good product and a good price .
not bad and better than spending a ton of money at guitar center .
well made cable , the ends stay tight , and sound is pretty clean
removed it from the packaging , plugged it in , it worked .
no problems at all .
very nicely put together cable .
i was surprised at the quality for the price .
long and lean , just like daddy !
good length for my keyboard to my amp , and looks pretty .
nice cable for the reasonable price , even better then i expected .
had it for around 7 months , it 's been a great cable .
have had no issues with it .
good cable received in 2 days !
would purchase again and possibly get longer length if offered .
great cable for the price shrink tubed connecter makes for a high quality cable
keeps it surround sound when only connected to one channel .
should have gotten this long ago !
serves the purpose i purchased it for .
i would purchase again .
does what its made for
this works great for 2 identical microphones when singing karaoke .
you need extra software if you are connecting directly to your tv .
quick delivery , exactly as described .
product performed as advertised .
perfect as described ! ! ! !
chords are thin and flexible but have held up well .
great price , great value !
good cable , good price .
looks sturdy enough to last .
who is editing my reviews down to one or two words ?
sound quality is just as good with the splitter .
would give 5 stars but have yet to use this item yet .
very fast shipping nicely packaged .
item made looking very durable ... sure it will do the job as designed .
needed to record 2 different microphones using my ux2 and this did the job !
very reasonable price for what it does : ) .
product works great ... no issues at thus time..
satisfied with this instrument cable
great cable - great value - it rocks !
works great with our peavey and fender amps and guitars .
very flexible and does n't tangle easily .
should have bought more when they were on sale .
it works my acoustics sings
wonder how long they 'll last
exactly what i expected .
works exactly as i thought it would .
a great product for a great price .
could n't be happier .
two thumbs up on the cables and the price !
my first time buying this brand , but wo n't be the last .
good cable well made .
worked well and arrived on time .
well built , worked as expected .
i 've had these for about a year and they are still working perfectly !
just as described - so far - really great purchase !
sounds great with no hum on the skype test calls .
in this applicationsame mic , same source , same input levelsit works just fine .
great now i am in stereo !
does n't feel cheap , does the work !
i got this wire to hook up my smart phone to my keyboard amp .
i 'm impressed with the quality .
i use it about every day to play along with songs on pandora .
no problems at all .
this cable is well worth the price .
its simple , does what it needs to without any extra bulk or noise .
does n't affect anything , just a personal preference .
i 'm very pleased with this cable .
works well for that purpose .
it certainly beats a 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' adapter .
nice purchase and would buy again .
sounds good enough for my ears
i do wish i 'd bought a longer one , but it works great .
good cable , seems well made .
we use it in our school when we have a debate , its amazing ,
so far , it works great .
very convenient xlr splitter .
does what it 's supposed to do ... .decent quality for the price .
very happy with this .
great value , buy it !
works very well , good quality for the price
good cable for the money
and they use soldered connections , so they can be repaired .
good quality cable and fast shipping
great cable , long lasting and removable ends
i have several of these cables and have had absolutely no problem with them .
who holds on to a receipt for a cable ?
recieved ok. satified with service .
works good for that price..
i use this for mobile video shoots that needed to accommodate 2 microphones .
this did the trick .
working well as expected .
pricing is even greater .
i like it , it serve the purpose , and i will buy more .
shipping can be better , it was shipped late .
works great ! ! ! !
i ca n't believe it was so cheap !
this product is exactly what it says it is , and with good quality .
so far so good , i would recommend this !
what can i say , this cable worked .
i have n't had any buzz or distortion .
the connectors seem durable .
i am very happy with this purchase , and would recommend to anyone .
i actually recommended it to two friends already .
we all need extra cables in a pinch .
5 stars , an excellent value !
this little adapter worked like a charm !
i got this to plug three mics into my usb interface instead of two .
best bang for the buck !
exactly what i needed for my box ... love the quality and price ...
works well and is of good quality .
works like it should .
just what i needed .
very good quality cable .
good quality cord for the price .
it does n't get tangled easily like the hard cables do
amazingly , the product works perfectly , i recommend it to everyone .
great cables and work as expected !
perfect solution for small problem .
works exactly as expected .
great product at a great price !
i 'd order again in a heartbeat !
works as described i actually use these for splitting off from a battery .
the battery cover i have for my 12 volt battery has a compatible port .
good product and heavy duty
been using 2 of these for a year with no problems .
been using these since i got them .
i have no issues with them thus far .
standard 1/4 '' instrument cable .
does what it needs to do .
i have some friends that use and like this cable as well .
i 'll definitely be buying it again .
very useful , a nd good quality
if your low on inputs and need another vocal this works great .
the short cable lengths between the connectors are great for interconnecting various devices .
no clutter , just clean solid connections .
they just work and that 's what you need .
great cable very durable definitely worth every penny .
works good ... ..order again
well-made cables for the price .
no `` hum '' .
plugged right in and has worked perfectly .
just what i needed !
no noise issues , no quality issues .
i use this cable out of a pedalboard and straight into the amp .
this cable produces a very responsive signal .
it works very well .
perfect , as described and great quality
quality piece of kit .
good price for a well built cable .
quick delivery and quality product
it does what it 's supposed to do .
love this product for splitting 2 microphones into one channel .
great quality , works perfect .
very happy thanks : )
i tested it and it works for my purposes .
also sent it into my qsc powered speaker and sounded great there too .
i 'm linking to pics of the box i just received .
very pleased with my purchase-jm
very good to my activity , thanks !
worked as hoped , and is still working !
i use it to play my i rig through my amp works great !
well made and plugs in tight
great to connect to laptops and ipads
i do a lot of purchases on amazon.com .
i get fair prices on what i find on it .
plus free mailing , and no tax as well .
you plug it in , and sound comes out the other end .
i bought it to get free shipping on something else .
figured you can never have enough quality guitar cords .
looks and feels sturdy .
clearly feels cheaper than my others but it does the trick , nothgin special
this works great when i have limited microphone channels and multiple microphones .
will be using this a lot in the near future !
it delivered decent sound without distortion .
it served my purpose .
craftsmanship is ok but am wary the cable might give in sooner than later .
but overall , an a ok product .
this cable works perfect for it 's use .
suggest using two of the same mics for balance .
hosa products have always been quality
what can i say ?
what more can i say .
ran out of room on my 10 channel mixer .
i needed to hook up one extra mic .
this y jack xlr did the trick .
i have over a dozen of these y-adapters .
all of them have performed as expected .
i have no complaints about any of them .
high quality item well made and perfectly fits my need
for $ 20 , this little guy does the job .
picking up another to mute a new live source .
it works and is relatively inexpensive .
eliminated 60hz ac hum !
standard high-quality hosa adapter .
great switch for microphones that do not have one .
good length , nice quality .
the cable has worked great .
been having a problem with connectivity on the guitar .
fixed it , but the issue is internal .
otherwise , power cable on bass has been a good buy .
these cables are great .
they work great , and sound fantastic !
my guitar is perfectly clear and has a great tone to it .
super cheap cable , does a super job .
still going strong today .
it 's a no brainer to buy one !
i 'll definitely purchase more ( if i have to ! ! )
would buy it again .
awesome to find what you need for such a great price .
i am playing a fender stratocaster plugged into a peavy amp .
nice- does what it 's supposed to .
no frills , no problems .
i can finally hear my music !
does what it 's supposed to .
sometimes you need this kind of cable .
its a cable it works
a very good cable and a good price
very nice cable i 'm so surprised that it costs this much .
i 'm getting more if it so i do n't run out
great price for this product
item was lighter than i was expecting but still works well
cord works great for my middle school student
seems to be good quality
if you use xlr equipment , just buy it .
do n't get caught without one !
perfect for the job .
fits perfectly and does n't make any noise when turning on/off .
i happily recommend this product .
i like it so far .
not using for original desired application but working great elsewhere .
cable and boots are of good quality .
very happy , work well
cord works great and it seems to be built to last
that way i can play for family and friends at family get togethers .
i can then play along with the music to check my timing and rhythm .
also , the bass sound more natural bouncing around the room .
what else can i say except it perform exactly as it 's supposed to .
very durable , thick cable is well made .
get this and you 'll be prepared for any venue .
it works as intended and seems to be a decent quality .
i wish there was a longer option though .
it 's length limits some live situations .
i bought it to use with my korg ms-20 mini .
great cable at a great price
works as good as the expensive ones .
cheap , decent quality , and good sound .
good cord does what it is supposed to and the price is excellent .
one of my `` hope i wo n't need it '' gadgets .
kind of heavy but it dos the job .
worked well for what we needed .
the piece i was looking for my krk speaker hook-up to my phone
easy to route around desk .
fast shipping product as expected .
works great so far .
have only used a couple of times .
great cable , great price
love the material & workmanship these are mad from !
this was bought for a thirteen year old boy for his guitar .
works just as nice as his father 's more expensive cable .
i 'm happy with this product .
good cable for the money .
hosa is the best !
( eliminating the separate adapter piece eliminates so many potential weak/failure points . )
works great in my classroom .
just what i needed !
exactly what i needed to upgrade my system .
a shame they do n't make them in the usa anymore .
what 's there to say ... they 're banana plugs .
the right part delivered fast at a good price .
what more can you ask for ?
requires very , very , thin screwdriver .
as expected , no issues with fit , etc , will buy from again
real help , much cheaper than buying a new mic with a switch on it
i love hosa products !
i 've used these multiple times and have had no issues .
not much to say here , works perfectly and fast shipping .
would n't hesitate to order again .
it 's a really nice cable !
works fine at a great price .
wonderful cable , exactly as advertised
great for the money , quiet , no buzzing .
does what they advertise .
hosa cables are always a good choice .
it worked fine but i prefer gold tip
used this to properly record sounds from a tablet app -- worked flawlessly .
very solid and works great
works perfectly , no troubles at all .
allows unused microphones to be switches off so-as not to pick up ambient sound .
connections are strong and the switch action is good .
no interference sounds , no click or pop when switching .
have n't had a chance to use it yet .
i 'm planning on it working as intended .
just what i needed !
but there is none !
these cables work great for me .
so far so good .
high quality and servicable .
nice cable , especially given the low price .
do n't be fooled by the pictures however .
it is more like tape .
if it had some type of strain relief this would be five stars .
the plug ends insert and stay .
no weird electronic sounds generated by the plugs losing contact .
ten feet is great for practice .
if it breaks it 's made to fix !
these have had no issue handling 100 watts of rf .
perfect for timing system cables .
use in the colorado time systems touchpad and pushbutton repairs .
easy and fast on deck repair .
easy to use and assemble !
good dual banana at a fraction of the cost of pomona .
they do cost a bit more .
great , as expected .
nice cable , well made .
excellent fit and construction .
works perfectly with lyxpro balanced xlr cable .
this works as expected and got the job done .
happy with the price and quality .
works fine no problems for cable gender modification
did exactly what we needed .
so far so good : )
serves it 's purpose .
thick , high quality , cable.. a+
best deal you 're going to find for this price !
top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
a great buy no static
great quality and very long
not much to review here ... is wired properly and it works .
great cables for a good price !
these cables were just what we needed .
really , it does .
well made , worth every penny
this cord works perfect and the price was reasonable as well !
have n't had any issues with it .
definitely worth the price .
good and working well so far
it is clear and no buzz .
no problems after a year
excellent cable for the price .
it 's a cable , it works , it 's cheap
i 've had these since january 2014 and have n't had any issues .
this came in very handy when i needed it .
great product , quick service
good quality adapter made by a tip top maker .
came in quality condition and works as advertized .
it was all i needed and am pleased with it .
it is of a good quality way
definitely would buy another one next time .
i get consistent connections , and no stray signal interference .
my problem is that i keep stepping on the cable .
gets the job done .
i do n't notice any static or popping .
excellent quality , works perfect
it does what it 's supposed to do !
what else do you want me to say ?
great for the price .
product arrived when promised and serves the intended purpose .
i would purchase again .
.i was surprised to see it is trs .
that is a plus for me .
switching between xlr and 1/4 inputs ... because , i only have one mic .
it has held up , so far .
... it is not , loose or floppy .
it is solid . !
works as designed too ... great adapter .
thank you very much .
excellent and works well with our mics .
if you need it you know what its for .
they are the best deal going on instrument cables .
great product i will buy again if i need too ! !
does the job and is inexpensive ! !
works well , no complaints
seems a little flimsy , but is working perfectly so far .
i have used it for a few months now with no issues .
for the price , you really ca n't go wrong .
these cables are keepers !
*** i hope this review was helpful for you .
perfect to plug my phone into my amp to play music at parties .
perfect , brand new in package and shipped faster than expected .
i use it to play music from my android phone to a guitar amp .
the only product that actually keeps a stereo signal to my headphones .
this cored did the job and i would buy from this company again .
a good quality cable and at a reasonable price .
it seems to fit well and not be loose as some cables are .
this is a good cord .
great price , great product .
just what i needed !
and for a good price , too !
so far so good .
seem to be very high quality cables .
thanks it works perfectly too
pros : - built rock-solid , will probably outlive me .
works well , but loose fit and i wish it was much shorter .
works like a charm , great build quality .
was great for what i was running
i 'll probably come back later and give it five stars ... lol .
what more can i say
quality piece of kit .
i 'll be back to buy more as i need them .
great quality and serviceable connectors if needed .
love the product , works perfect
works well , good deal thank you
had it for a few weeks .
nice cable for the price .
i do n't know the difference between a good and bad patch cord .
this one has n't given me issues so 5 stars it is .
quick delivery and quality product
great product , great price .
i ca n't believe a cable can cost this little and work so well .
well built , works fine , no hum .
no complaints works fine .
solid construction , especially the reinforced bits near the ends .
the jacks themselves look indestructible and is serviceable .
so far , so good .
not bad for a budget .
not for high impedence though .
clip is a little heavy , but very well made .
works perfectly as an inline on/off switch .
no buzz -- good tight-fitting connection .
ordered for use with dmx and it worked great .
( not claiming you should use it for that though )
excellent quality as you would expect .
work too great at my first concert .
excellent , great buy , will recommend to friends and family .
i 've purchased this cable four times now .
used for outputting out of a pa to a zoom h1 for wedding toasts .
enjoy all my free 3.5mm to 1/4 inch cables , wedding places ! ! !
quality , just what i needed !
perfect extension cable for my computer speakers .
it 's a cable .
worked out of the box .
works great and is of great quality .
does n't colorize my tone in a negative way at all .
good price for a well built cable .
you 'll like them .
very nice cable , i definitely recommend if you need a new cable .
they seem to be working really good for me.. thanks guys .
seems well built , not tested yet tho .
worked as promised , good quality
this is a must have if your headset mic does n't already have one .
good thing i did .
it 's a life saver .
and a total steal for the money .
looks good.. time will tell..
worked like a champ !
replacement item , works as expected !
this cord works great !
the outer insulation is a silicone-feeling rubber making it very flexible .
does exactly what i wanted .
delivered on time and works without any problems .
does the job at an affordable price .
i have no issues with build quality
great seller , also .
i 'm very pleased with it , especially for the price .
my old cables were falling apart so i bought this as a replacement .
a good cable for any electric guitar .
durable , lightweight.. nice on the wallet..
it 's a cable !
found a quick fix .
does exactly what it says .
got rid of the ground loop noise in my setup .
great product and great price !
seems to work well .
good as it should be .
just as i wanted and ordered !
great products and works as described .
works like a charm sometimes you have to change a connection !
use these every day in the dance studio , the work great .
good quality , definitely recommend
good wires for the money .
i use it with a morse code paddle .
i have n't had a problem with high power rf causing problems .
it is a bit longer than the 3 feet advertised .
the cable is durable and very flexible .
i have noticed no induced hum or crackle noise while using the cable .
i will purchase additional hosa cables in the near future .
a nice cable with appropriate reinforcing at major fatigue areas
no popping or buzzing good quality
i 've always used these , they 've worked great in the past .
this one does too .
very decent cable at an extremely good price !
try looking this up at monoprice !
quality built cable , no feedback or issues with it cutting out .
it works and is a good value .
i mean there is really not a lot more to say ,
arrived quickly , and in good condition .
price was reasonable too , so thanks !
awesome product , awesome seller !
it 's an adapter .. it works.. price was fair imo
this worked great and removed the hum and is a great cost effective solution .
bought the wrong adapter , but it seems to be good quality none the less
great for any wired or headset mic w/o an on or off swich .
quality hardware , repairable .
i previously bought a fender cable ( 30 bucks ! )
and it started crackling and popping .
this runs through pedals cleanly and into my amp .
what else could i ask for ?
cheap does n't have to mean cheap ; )
good quality cable and sounds very good
hosa makes good stuff , this is no exception .
wish speaker would have come with the cable .
great product and purchase .
i like very mucho !
best cord to use .
1/4 '' adapter to a 1/8 '' cords do not work well .
sound is fuzzy and sometimes will not work at all .
these work the best to get what you want done !
this was a great buy and you should take advantage as well !
the ends of the plugs seem to be of high quality
great cable with quick delivery !
only complaint is the size which is my fault .
works good and great value !
i needed a replacement cable and this is perfect .
good price and it can be taken apart .
this works better than expected .
point is that it works for sure !
happy with the product .
works as advertised and is very lightweight with a clip for your belt or pocket
i am very happy with the cable .
no issues at all .
most people 's ears just are n't that good .
a good product a little more than what you pay for it .
very good quality with a good finish , works good .
just what i needed for the application .
great price and fast shipping .
use this between my drum machine and the amp .
should last a long time .
it is just the right length .
definitely recommend , would order another if need one .
i will be buying more .
the jacks feel solid and do not unscrew on accident .
i have not used it long but works for now .
it 's a cable .
high quality cable and it 's long enough to reach quite a long way .
as promised , it changes genders so a cable can be tested .
works for the intended purpose ...
very very fast shipping to hawaii and the product was more than perfect !
( thank you ! )
fast delivery , fair price .
seems to be made well and is easy to use .
no apparent distortion or change in audio input when using this product .
it worked ! ! ! !
just got back into it .
this did the trick .
really good pricing for quality of the cable !
realtively inexpensive patch cable for electric guitar .
ca n't beat the quality for the $ $ .
no crackling , solid connection .
loved the item and would buy another .
i have found hosa cables to be an excellent value .
i will probably get a couple more.shipped fast and packaged great .
works great and best price online
needed it quickly and received .
very good quality cable !
perfect product for my berhingerx32 board .
works great with mp3 hook ups .
working well , fits most iphone cases but the really tight ones
just what i was looking for 3.5 mm trs to 1/4 '' trs single cable
it works , end of story .
so far so good .
does what it 's supposed to do .
we 're using this in line between a wired headset mic & the board .
well made works perfectly .
good for guitar players !
exactly what i wanted and arrived on time .
this a good value cable for guitar or other applications .
will recommend these cables to my friends , and will purchase again .
this my second hosa guitar cable .
( the other one is shorter . )
like my first hosa cable , this is a high quality item .
i 'd definitely buy more cables of this brand .
its a good cable and worth the price .
i would buy again if i had to choose .
bought another i liked it so much .
cable is cheap in price but great in quality .
the cable is logn enough and does the job in my man cave .
did n't want to spend a lot of money .
the sound is good and connection is tight .
i can also change this cable with my kareoke so it works for me .
never shop at ( unnamed major guitar/bass/drums/accessories store ) for this type of item .
this is a fine and inexpensive cable for practice use .
when i first got it , one end was partially unscrewed .
i 'd guess it came loose during shipment .
what the heck , just tighten it up .
after all these years of playing i had never thought of that before .
also , when it was brand-new i got some static noise through the amp .
unplugging the cable and plugging it back in cleaned things right up .
overall it does what it is supposed to do and is a good value .
really , you should just buy a whole bunch .
works great from my i pad to amp
i have it connected to my laptop from my 24 channel mackie to record .
although that is my fault and i can not hold it against the product .
now they sound the way they should .
( silent when nothing is playing )
it fit the bill perfectly .
this worked without gender reassignment surgery and it 's very high quality .
works exactly as described .
just what i needed .
please check with your mic manufacturer ...
much lighter than i expected .
seems like solid craftsmanship .
i plugged it into my mic and it 's perfect .
great adapter for me in studio use and will buy more if needed !
well worth the money .
genuinely pleased with my purchase .
going to buy more .
would buy longer lengths next time around
seems built pretty well , and sounds good .
ca n't beat it for the price .
overall this is a solid cable and the pricing is where it should be .
looking it over , i was very impressed .
this really looks like a nice , quality cable !
good , thick cable and the connections seem solid .
i 'm very happy with this cable .
would i gig with it ?
maybe - but i 'd carry a few extras , just in case .
at this price , that 's an easy thing to do .
great cable and great value .
just what i was looking for in a cable and price was great too .
it 's a cable .
i do n't get any hum , and it works fine .
this cable is durable , inexpensive and an excellent value .
it is nice and long with good flexibility and i would reccomend it .
got a replacement within a week .
works well to connect my ipod to an amp .
even will do iphones with cases on them !
i used this to play music from my computer/phone to my guitar amp !
( put it in the headset plug in ! )
ehhh might want to go with a gold counterpart .
otherwise this is a functional cord !
if you 're simply into quick cheap functionality , this product is for you !
bought this cable to plug a keyboard into a pa system at our church .
no complaints from me .
bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar .
it seems to work well , no issues in the first couple of weeks .
i plugged this in to my guitar and amp and it sounds clear !
for the price it 's great and very good quality !
it will not save your life but its not supposed to .
for the price , this is a good guitar cable .
nothing negative about it .
it 's a cable .
however , it works well .
this is an excellent price for good cables .
shipping was fast and free !
great cables for the price .
had them for a while now and no problems .
seem to be shielded well also .
works really well , and comes at the right price .
the cord is reliable and clean sounding .
i like it and have used hosa products in the past with confidence .
hopefully this review will be usefull to you .
great well built great price fast shipping
good quality for money .
good to have in your problem solver bag .
these gender changers are essential tools .
wish they could be smaller , but these are definitely solid .
wires are as good as the connections they make .
this cable works fine and is doing the job it is designed to do .
firm fit , good build quality , and the price was right .
you ca n't really go wrong if you need a new guitar cable .
keep a few of these around as spares .
you really ca n't have too many of these cables .
i 'm always losing them .
this was a christmas gift for my husband .
he actually picked it out , but i made the purchase .
it was exactly what he wanted and he 's happy so i 'm happy !
this is a good solid cable with no problems .
quality is above-average and they 've held up well since i bought them .
the cables were long enought and seem to be of good quality .
well made and functional .
pluged right in and was ready to go .
will probably last me for a while if i keep it from twisting .
seems to do the trick .
does what it 's supposed to do .
cable is well built and durable .
no hum ; worth the money
came quickly and serves its purpose well .
exactly as expected performance for the item ordered .
will purchase more hosa cables .
jacks are nicely finished and well polished .
very flexible , solid and quiet .
nothing special - just a regular instrument cable .
decently durable , decently inexpensive .
nothing particularly special though .
at least hosa is a brand name that i 've used before .
this is your basic , black electric guitar cable but it works great .
nice and rubbery and 10 feet is long enough .
in my opinion it does not hurt to have extra guitar cables around .
from experience they tend to just die without notice .
i have a feeling this one will last a long time .
it is built sturdy and sounds really good .
i recommend this product .
great cable , but how can you mess this up ?
just what i needed at the time !
this is well made and just what i needed !
have not experienced any issues so far .
hooked up sound board to computer works well
does exactly what it 's supposed to .
fast delivery great price superb product i will buy it again !
great value and works perfectly .
bought this cable for my daughter to use on her bass guitar .
nicely made of high quality cable .
they are superb quality for the price !
i highly recommend them for practice and home use .
i bought two and use them every day
this is a very nice cable for the price .
i already bent one end of it though , fortunately it still works fine .
inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic .
have n't noticed any hum or crackles .
for sure a good buy .
i would order another one .
solid metal tips protect the jack from breakage or splitting .
g'head , give it a whirl .
needed a long cable for a guitar .
not a professional guitar player , but the sound i 'm getting is good .
nothing bad to say in my opinion it 's a good manufacturer quality cable .
came as expected no problems with it .
good product for the purpose
great product , fast delivery .
100 % noise reduction ! , love it ! !
now , i can take any xlr cable that is handed to me .
we plug this into the video camera in front of the audio cable .
this came exactly as expected .
would spend the money again in a heartbeat .
this appears to be a solid cable and good quality .
i have not had it very long so longevity is always a question .
i see no reason not to buy this cable again if another is needed .
good cable , as good as any expensive brand .
thick , a bit stiff and seems to be shielded .
no complaints at all .
no problems so far .
there are cables you can buy for way more money .
this did the job with no issues found .
this is a very high quality cable , especially for the price .
ordered this cable to replace a monster guitar cable that is shot .
for the money , it 's a great deal .
good construction , sturdy , no problems so far .
overall , would definitely buy another and would definitely buy it from amazon .
prime delivery makes this thing a no-brainer .
use it for practicing guitar at home .
great cable well worth the price !
delivered on time and as described .
perfect for what i needed .
just as described and at a great price .
does its job good , cable is nice and long , decent quality .
awesome quality at am unbeatable price ! !
never had a problem with these .
t only one i use .
i would recommend this product to anytime .
great , high quality cable !
have n't had any problems .
it feels reliable and without adding noise .
great cable for the price .
good length for playing around in my house .
would recommend for those practicing or having fun .
i just purchased this cable for my bass .
it is n't stiff at all , and moves about very easily .
this is good cable .
excellent 1/4 '' plugs .
grade a+ cable at a very affordable price .
definitely going back for more .
the 25 ft. cable was only a couple dollars more than 10 ft .
works well and seems to have no feed back problems
perfect for what i need
good product and swift delivery - thanks !
i would buy again .
nice patch cable to use from cd player to mixer
another quality hosa product !
the 10 ' cable allows is the same length as most guitar cables .
it does n't force me to be super close to the amp .
i can scoot back and and comfortably play and use my pedals without interference .
the construction appears to be rather durable .
i have n't noticed any noise interference while using the headphones .
what more can i say .
the cable works perfectly for my needs .
i needed this to use a 1/4 out to 1/8 in .
paid 5.95 for it and it so far it works great .
i figured i had nothing to lose .
i will never do that again .
hard to day too much , but it works great .
no issues to speak of .
it does the job perfectly well
great non-kink cable , no noise , great connectors .
that 's all i need !
i 'm big on strain relief and i love these .
well made , sturdy with good connectors .
much less expensive than cables at music stores of the same quality .
excellent cable for the money ( about $ 8 ) .
this is ma very well made instrument cable .
this is ma very well made instrument cable .
i thought i would get what i paid for .
i had no problems with this chord , it works perfectly .
been using them for 2 months now and i 'm completely happy .
this product does exactly what it is supposed to do at a decent price .
i have absolutely no complaints .
this is my first experience with the brand and i am not disappointed .
used to hook-up my external speaker to my ham radio .
fit the bill just fine .
it works as advertised and i am happy with the purchase .
good service delivery like they advertised prime customer .
got it in plenty time and was just as shown .
i would recommend this to a friend .
the other one 's been doing okay so far .
we use these at band practice for mics that do n't have switches .
that 's about what it is .
hard to argue with the price .
good to have in you bag of adapters
i would n't recommend this adapter for power transfer between xlr cables .
every musician should have a converter in their arsenal .
works perfectly as a connector to make my microphone setup possible
this works really well for me .
feels well made and sturdy .
i got this cable for the cigar box guitar set up i put together .
plugged in with lots of violent movement and no complications .
worked like a charm .
it came as described by seller and even came a day or two early !
i would recommend it to anyone !
played several gigs with it .
seems to be pretty reliable comparing to other units on amazon .
hard to beat for the price .
is doing better then the stock cable that i had .
no problems and would recommend
no scratchyness if touched .
im using it between my mixer and large speaker .
very clean sound.i would recommend definatly
it does cable things quite well .
14 more words required .
duck cat moose gator pig eagle fish dog hedgehog goat sheep .
does what it says it will .
much better than dealing with adapters .
perfect for the estereo channels in the qsc touch mix
works great , seems to be sturdy enough .
does what 's it says
good adapter for karaoke player for microphone
works as advertised and appears to be well-built !
does the work it was made for .
well made and noise free .
a dab of locktite blue will fix this as well .
i 've got probably 30 hours of practice time on it now .
no noises or crackling to speak of .
wish i had bought a longer one but that 's not the cables fault .
very nice for the price .
they come unthreaded fairly easy though .
but if you do n't move them around , should be fine .
top quality , heavy cable with well made ends .
they are a hosa product , they are high quality .
cord worked perfectly for my keyboard .
i have noticed no reduction in quality of the sound .
the r/l channels are passed through with no issue .
the cable does not feel cheap as some other audio cables do .
tl ; dr : it 's a good stereo 1/8 to 1/4 cable
i got this around january 2013 and it still works .
i would definently reccomend it
not much to say here .
use these every week , several times a week as a gigging acoustic musician .
no hum , no worries .
... for the most part .
this cable is affordable and sounds decent .
good quality guitar cord .
very low noise , repairable , effective strain releaf , thick rubber cover ! !
this is a great buy , under 10 bucks for a quality cord .
of course i just got it..it might not be durable but it looks durable .
if i change my mind about anything i will update my review .
for now , i would say , buy one ! !
plugs into the amp just fine .
also plugs into the guitar just fine .
have not had any issues with it .
for the price if they work then they are a bargain .
a handy thing to have around the studio
yes , does what intended for .
i really need a black one ! ! !
and your product is nice .
my email is : zkd02 @ hotmail.com
i needed this for my microphone cord and it seems to be working great .
great it came quick i love this product
great it came quick i love this product
great product , sturdy and we 'll built .
as advertised , good sound , no complaints .
buy it if you need 10 or so feet of moving around .
it 's a classic movie everyone should own .
the cable works and the quality looks good .
have not noticed any feedback problems or interference from other electrical devices .
i am not hard on cables .
this one seem to perform just fine .
no buzz , and/or other noises noted .
i have several of them and they have all performed well .
is a fairly high quality cable with good shielding .
the material is not stiff , got it ? , good !
it 's a `` cheap '' cable in price only .
i 've used it once and it seems to be of good quality .
no excessive buzz or noise when played through my small guitar amp .
hopefully it is durable .
high quality shielded audio cable integrated into live streaming av setup .
no problems to date .
using to connect my motif xf8 synthesizer to a logitech z5500 speaker system .
works great , no buzzing or pops .
even on the shoebox amp , it still sounded great .
these are good cables at a good price ! !
no loose connections and the sound is great .
i bought it for my son -- it 's nothing fancy .
not much more i can say about it .
nice and solid guitar cable for the price .
i did n't know the hosa cable before .
somebody said on line he preferred hosa cables .
i agree with him .
i expect to get years of service out of it .
but it has been great so far .
recommend this product to any beginner player !
works like a charm and its nice and cheap .
ca n't go wrong with this product !
these connectors are hard to find the quality was great at a fair price !
been using it a few weeks and no problems whatsoever !
great addition for mics w/out switches .
does the job that i need it to do ... nothing fancy just efficient .
does the job it was made to do .
i installed the ground lift and the problem was gone .
very effective and sturdy .
works as it should .
i can use a mic in a 1/4 '' female on my amp .
it serves the purpose .
works great for connecting a laptop to a sound amp for karaoke setup
after 2 years of profuse use , still works great !
i like this brand .
have bought a variety of cables from them and will buy more .
good quality and arrived very quickly .
fast ship and just what i needed..
the plugs are little longer than they have to be .
it did but it is great to have on hand .
i bought two and they work great !
well made and built to last .
do n't be fooled by the low cost .
this is a quality item .
buying this hosa cable was a positive , non - frustrating experience .
the quality is great .
the price is great .
this cable is a keeper at a throw away price .
no problems so far .
no better deal can be found !
i do n't hear a lot of feedback through my monitors using these cables .
all in all , a great product for the money .
i 'd buy one again .
i 'm pleasantly surprised with this cable .
it 's decent sound and decent build quality , for a good price .
so i got this , fits snugg
a quality cable for a great price ! !
i have been using it for months now and have had no issues .
its good for short distance only .
not too long or not too short .
not a has-tied to trip .
what can i say , this cable works very well for the price .
really great sound in a really well made cable .
use it for my bass , no problems whatsoever .
i own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there .
i 've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so .
i own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there .
i 've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so .
i should order a couple of spares !
i bought this to practice playing my les paul with my fender amp .
this cable snaps in both ends perfectly and the sound is pretty good .
great quality for the price .
this is a new and defect-free instrument 25 feet cable from hosa .
the outer cover appears and feels to be made from rubber .
using several of the hosa cables with no adverse static or noise .
arrived on time and performs as you would expect .
worked like a charm for the casio privia i borrowed over the summer .
it 's so good for me .
arrived in two days .
super happy about that .
no hum , no static , well built .
label was upside down , off was on and on was off .
not a big deal .
they 've worked great .
customer support for the audio interface suggested this product .
i was skeptical but it completely fixed my problem .
hosa cable gtr210 guitar instrument cable - 10ft .
i 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
works exactl as descri bed and came super fast !
awesome product and selller .
they came through super well for us
good product at a good price .
have used it multiple times and works well with my guitar and speaker .
great to have when friends come over to jam .
i would buy more if i needed them .
clean , noise free and well made .
i 'll be buying more of these as my older chords die .
great value for a 20 ' cable .
this was most cost effective for a cable to use at home .
i would purchase again .
i use it at home for practice .
it is easy to manage and works very well .
quality wise , it was much better than expected .
perfect for my audio needs
very durable material and am very pleased with how well it works
a great price for a good name cable .
convenient 3.5 to 1/4 cable .
very nice transfer sound data !
perfect for live gigs .
son said it 's what he needed to do the job ! !
worked like a champ !
fits a little loose but works well
product arrived as expected .
these do a single job , and they do it well .
in short : if you need them , their fine .
they could just be more classy in their physical design .
unobtrusive packaging , rich corinthian rubber , beautiful plumage - it has it all !
for the price , this works really well .
i see no faults .
it can unscrew pretty easily , but this is hardly a problem right now .
i have not had any issues with it so far .
good quality , flexible 10 ' cable .
good screw-on connectors , the terminals are protected by a heavy shrink-wrap covering .
repairing or replacing the connectors should be easy with a little soldering skill .
good length for practicing , but probably too short for performances .
everything arrived in a timely matter and in good shape .
thanks was a christmas gift ... .. ... . ... . ... ...
5-string active bass , no issues with signal or tone .
it works great , no problems .
never the less , it worked flawlessly .
good luck and good music to all !
my macpro has a toslink out .
add the hosa and my world is suddenly perfect .
bought for my hobby and is heavy duty & built good .
works great , no problems whatsoever .
it has given me no issues .
no pop , no snap , sounds great !
great for the price too , i 'm very happy with this purchase .
works in a tight spot ... be sure you do n't need it longer !
so far so good on this cable .
i use it just for practicing at the house .
needed an inexpensive cable .
it 's a cord ... it does what it needs too .
high quality and its 10 feet long longer than my old one .
the plugs are nice too .
the cable is nicely made , but did n't do what i wanted .
i wanted to plug my electric ukulele into my laptop .
i think the stereo 1/4 '' plug is the problem .
did exactly what i needed it to do !
pros : easy to find , easy to buy-on amazon .
works cons : none so far .
very useful when providing audio in many different places .
used with hosa 20 ft snake .
item exactly as described and delivered very quickly .
i use this every gig !
this is a great switch that does not pop when the mic is opened .
good quality for the price .
good price , good quality and works great .
no problems with it so far .
would definitely recommend it .
received in a timely manner ! ! !
i 've used it many times with my les paul .
good quality also for the price of it .
i would buy another with quality this good .
the cable works well and is a good value for a decent quality cable .
solid product for the price .
reinforced ends are a welcome addition .
what else to say to fill twenty words ? ? ?
it 's a guitar cable , not that complicated a thing .
hosa guitar cables work great .
never had any problems with them .
i own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect .
this cable works great with my acoustic-electric guitar .
great for recreation and great quality .
very positive experience ... \m/
it does what it claims to do .
not pro quality but at that price it does its job well
works like a cable should
my dad is loving this adapter .
this is one of his favorite .
my dad is loving this adapter .
this is one of his favorite .
good quality and performance for non-gold plated contact product and i 'll buy more .
i 'm not willing to pay the premium for gold plated versions .
just what i needed .
great if you can still get them ! ! !
i was unaware of this when i bought this adapter .
used it for a mic cable extension .
for the price , fantastic .
but for seven bucks it gets the job done .
recommended if you are doing the `` beginner '' thing and testing the waters .
otherwise , spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting .
and boy was i impressed .
zero issues with this cable so far .
i 'll update this review if/when it breaks .
caveat : i do n't perform on stage .
these are strictly for home use .
the plugs fit tight and are reliable .
what more can i say ?
buy hosa and i do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
this certainly fulfills the requirements .
works just fine for me and what i need .
i did n't need anything fancy .
just a connection to a little fender amp i have .
with strong clear sound at a great price .
works great on my 100 watt amp .
almost compares to a monster cable .
and with its length its plenty of room from your guitar to amp .
received in a timely manner , and it works great solid quality also !
highly recommend this product , and will shop from them again thank you !
cable came at a very good price .
am very pleased with these cables .
good quality product and low price .
the cable is very flexible and connectors seems good quality .
this cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for .
it 's quality outweighs its price .
let 's face it , a cable is a cable is a cable .
but the quality of these cables can vary greatly .
the quality appears good .
it does not feel cheap at all .
the signal is super clean .
i would definitely buy from hosa again .
i am pleased to say that it is a solid piece of equipment .
no buzz whatsoever and it appears and feels to be of very sturdy construction .
i 've seen and used some better cables but not at this price point .
and i 've certainly seen quite a few worse !
this is a pretty good sweet spot , in my opinion .
fast shipping & great products and good price !
very satisfy for the performance and the nice price with excelent stereo quality .
well built and works .
great but ended up not needing it ...
fi the bill perfect , you saved outdoor movie night !
this is a must have in my video bag .
no noise or issues that i 've seen .
you 're in good shape with this adapter !
works as expected ! !
i wish i had a soundboard that only had xlr .
this works , you should not need it .
love it : - )
this item arrived on time and was exactly as advertised .
exactly what i needed and good quality .
used to plug my mic into my amp .
got the wrong one but it 's a good item
excellent product , got the job done .
works extremely well for my purposes .
it works like it should .
excellent product and seller .
works well in our applicatio , good price .
sometimes they are the only cables with what i need .
i received it quick fast do n't have to wait too long .
i always have loved hosa cable .
i did n't expect any less than what i got .
i love simple equipment .
no noise on switch movement .
everything i expected ! !
does what it says ... .seamless connectivity
works great , though one side fits a bit tight .
my super 55 need and on/off switch
as advertised , new , clean and high quality
versatile adaptor for 1/4 inch connections .
got here and looks good
well made inexpensive cable .
this is a quality patch / interconnect cable .
it works , what else can i say .
a bit bulky but they work as expected .
the clip to attach to your clothing or a pocket is high quality .
i use with a shure headphone type mic .
received very quickly , pleased with item , works great
works great , made of metal for low z mics..
tight fit and seems solid
as described , fast shipping thank you
they are clean , they work and arrived on time .
need i say more ?
seems to be of good quality .
low to no noise .
connecting ends are quality too .
perfect match for connect my mac to my cube 30 .
works like a charm .
does the job at an attractive price .
good product and timely delivery !
works great for our school show .
cheap , works great .
it 's a perfect last resort in any live or recording situation .
hosa always has good products .
this is no exception to that .
good , solid lock-up , and it functions as it should .
i own several of these and they all behave the same way .
you 're just going to notice a tiny slant when using them .
the switch is quite and smooth .
all my wires , cheap and expensive , link up well .
they are also very light weight .
much needed , life saver ! ! !
labeling is so counter intuitive .
good quality , works great .
no problems so far .
not much to review .
a nice combination and easy way to get the output to any amplifier .
wonderful sound and durable .
good length , as well .
what can i say , hosa makes a wonderful product that works every time .
i use it for testing same gender cables with my beringer tester .
this was an interim solution until my custom insert cables arrived from the supplier .
used to put a mic into an effect pedal or amp etc .
i am pleased with the performance and build .
its affordable and it works .
and it was deleivered on time too ...
i do n't find this to be an issue .
tl ; dr it works perfectly .
it helps combine the sound into one audio track , which works for me .
solid , quality product .
this product comes in handy .
i can not tell the difference in sound quality but it is good .
the only problem i have is that the cables are too thin .
the could have been a little more thick .
it does what it 's supposed to do .
good for the intended application .
does the job - well !
works great , love it
perfect for what i needed.. the work great .
nice and durable adapter .
fits really well with my microphone .
fast shipping and item is as described .
will buy more in the future .
this is good , packaged well and came as expected .
why do n't you get prepared for social and political unrest !
great price for a specialty product .
it works as expected , and is constructed well .
i 'm expecting it to give me years and years of service .
this has come in handy many times in my studio z108.net .
we love having it around .
good quality affordable price .
not bad for a hosa cable .
no complaints on either the product nor the shipping method
this cable solved my problem .
really clear sound now on my tracks .
works great , high quality wire .
it works very well .
just not what i needed in my particular situation .
thanks for having a source for small and very special items .
i had a helpful volunteer run 500 feet of xlr cable backwards .
pulled out the adapters and saved the day .
i have also recommended the male to male adapters .
i would recommend these to a friend but none of my friends use them .
it works fine at this time .
i would recommend to others .
it is a very good option for mics w/o an on/off button .
it does well what it is supposed to do .
reason for four stars : it could be a bit smaller .
delivery was prompt and price was fine
works perfectly , highly recommended
it 's a cable .
it feels appropriately rubbery .
it works like you would expect .
love this , good deal , works great on behringer , bass modeler !
does the job dope ! !
it 's a switch .
not much else to be said .
goes from xlr female to balanced 1/4 inch .
i can use other hose adapters i purchased to change gender too .
no issues and works fine for what we needed .
for the price , ca n't beat it .
just what i needed .
fits perfectly on my microphone cable .
i bought a lot of these adapters that seem to work with no frills .
they work as they should .
great fit for the cables !
just a basic female xlr to 1/4 inch male adapter .
its an xlr splitter.. does what it should : )
perfect for what i needed
not much else to say about it !
great cable y connectors .
works just fine for my needs .
these have been very helpful .
this adapter is perfect for everything .
i use this for all my equipment when i need to improvise .
works like a charm everytime .
hosa audio connectors are some of the best in my opinion .
rugged all metal construction and no hum or noise .
these are a great item for any audio engineer 's gear box .
was shipped to my house the very next day .
i purchased this to work with my ion system and my shure mic .
arrived as expected , very solid great fit .
it works ! ! !
using cable every day ( 4-8 hours ) for 4 months or so .
works fine so far .
thank you very much .
a good cable for a decent price !
made my life so much easier !
this did the job beautifully !
exactly what we needed , delivered on time and works fine .
great , in a pinch .
fast ship and good connections
does what i paid for it to do .
these did the trick .
they are well constructed and solid .
i used them to change the genders on our snake to feed the mains .
this allowed me to connect my xlr mic to my camcorder .
i was surprised how much i had to search for such a simple product .
the price was right and the quality was excellent .
i will definitely tell my band friends about using this store .
i would recommend this product to anyone .
no complaints so far .
works perfectly , great price , handy connector .
would recommend to all who need this kind of connector .
and did i mention the great price ?
works as anticipated ... great accessory for my business needs !
sounds go in one end , and come out the other .
exactly what i need .
excellent product , very happy with it
did n't work for what i needed i guess but the cord seemed fine .
the cable works great !
works perfect , thanks .
good product at a fair price , what 's not to like ?
it does the job and is very solid .
a must-have for customizing your cable length .
much cheaper to replace this if it breaks then the amps control .
none of that with hosa .
as the title says , it works .
but , no issues besides that .
could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall .
nice adapter and it works great .
if you are in need of xlr to 1/4 '' adapter this one works !
note ; combining signals is a different matter all together .
in that case you do want some sort of tranformer isolation device .
they also have amic level unit just like it .
but for splitting , have no fear .
your signal integrity will be fine and your devices will be safe .
the 1.5 foot cable is very short but that is what i wanted .
plan to get one more .
does the job nicely .
great quality aaaa+ would buy again !
great cable for its price .
just what i needed .
good quality fast shipping .
not mad at all .
well made , solid construction .
this one was done right .
do n't use them much but very nice to have a few around .
great price , and fast shipping !
will most likely order again .
shipped super fast and it matches the description just as stated .
couldnt be more happy with choosing this !
i does what it should
these are well made and connect solidly .
quiet -- no hum other noise problems .
inexpensive solution to send one audio source to two recorders .
perfect to chain multiple speakers !
sometimes you are only given one output and these works great for those occasions .
it 's a splitter .
cheaply made and extremely useful .
this is a must for wedding/event videographers .
i guarantee it will save your behind on numerous occasions .
just be careful when handling/storing this adapter outer walls bend easily .
hosa seems to be a good brand .
used for school plays for feeding boom box or computer audio into audio mixer
perfect for my needs !
does what it should do .
nothing else to say really .
works like it is suppose to .
looks like a quality cable .
not the highest quality , but a great value for the price .
works as designed fits snugly into the jacks i use it with .
this cable allows me to run my amp/processor/guitar straight to my laptop for recording .
the quality is good , does not really add any unwanted noise .
for the price , definitely worth it .
this does exactly what it needs to do .
or some other audiophile type stuff ?
good solid quality and does what is it supposed to do .
6 more words to do ha !
dirt cheap , it works just fine .
i would recommend this quality product and buy additional adapters the vendor .
the product arrived on time and worked perfectly .
very handy to have a few of these lying around .
i remedied this by adding a label with electrical tape .
it 's amazing how much adapters like this used to cost .
i manage a classic rock band .
i recently ordered a bunch of stuff to replace aging gear .
cables , mics , stands , snakes , etc .
we have now been out on a couple of gigs with the stuff .
it is all good quality and working fine .
does exactly what i expected it to do .
it did everything i hoped it would do
works as advertised , nothing more , nothing less .
top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
the cable worked perfectly , no flaws or issues , over 1 year later
fast shipping , great quality
as described , good product
very happy with the product , even though not made in usa .
i would recommend it to anyone who is looking for gear .
what else can i say ?
if you need an xlr gender changer , this ca n't be beat .
now i can record with 6 channels , and monitor with 2 .
( it 's an 8 channel xlr snake ) .
why do i go through all that you ask ?
hence the word adapter ... : -p i love it .
my mistake , not theirs .
you can not tell theres anything there except the mic and you .
these are so cheap on amazon .
hosa makes the best adapters , insert cables , etc .
you can always count of them .
thanks ... ... ... ...
works great for us .
works great for my needs
this works great for me .
i never touch their mixer and just handle my own mix .
worked just as expected .
not bay for the money
the first tracks we layed down are good sounding .
splitter works just fine for my needs
i have used this for over a year and it works great .
i am able to talk to my co-announcer without covering up my mic .
this little inexpensive on/off switch is great .
also , i worry about the connection long term .
i use this with a wired headset while playing drums .
this is exactly what i needed and it works perfectly .
does the job well .
as another reviewer mentioned .
his review was recent so i did the same ( thanks ! }
with the same desired result .
they should note it here .
great value for this high tech cable .
very pleased with it !
needed for my church audio system to input mixer audio into the camera .
the cable works great !
worked great and i even hooked up my phone to the amp
exactly what i was looking for .
use it with a shure hardwire personal monitor bodypack on live stages .
these are light and do the job just fine at a great price .
i 'll order more when i lose these .
opened one additional input for me .
connects an ipad , ipod or iphone to a pa system
the cable works fine despite that it has molded plastic connectors at both ends .
just what i needed to make some connections in our church 's sound system .
this product is really high quality and has n't messed up once .
just what i needed ! ! !
perfect length and reliably built !
just what i needed .
just what i needed for connecting any mini plug to 1/4 inch .
for the price it 's doing it 's j.o.b .
i will keep it for find another use for it one day .
exactly as ordered and of good quality .
works well and no noise
this is a very handy item .
i used it to hook up cordless microphone to preamp to my dslr .
good items and arrive on time
i have no problem with this
just what i needed .
good quality from hosa .
been using these for the past 12 months and no issues .
they work well with my steinberg ur28m interface and the quality is very good .
great back up to my whirlwind .
works perfect no issue .
hosa makes affordable cables that work well .
will last long if treated well .
i used this for school to connect various devices to our school sound system .
works great , no problems with anything .
everything as described , thank you !
price is right , buy it , great value !
works fine , sturdy enough .
y cables , too lazy to make my own .
just what i thought it would be .
works perfectly , sound quality is great and i get to distort my drums !
^_^ as always prime shipping lives up to it 's reputation !
this cord is exactly what i needed and works great .
this cable will keep me from loosing the adaptor .
just what i needed .
hosa cables are of good quality .
great product ! ! !
perfect for what i needed .
ca n't go wrong with hosa .
trusted for many years .
that 's what i 'm talking about .
bought in 2014 still works great .
we use it every weekend .
these are simple and awesome .
i use them every day on my radio show .
love the quality and price ...
it 's a cable .
otherwise not a lot to say .
i like when items are exactly as described .
very happy with this purchase .
it is what is is .
i 've had no problem with it .
prefect length for a headphone replacement cord and well made .
using this cable to sync my pocket wizards with my studio strobes .
so far so good , good solid connection without any issues .
these cables are perfect and very easy to use .
just plug your iphone to the speaker and its works amazingly .
came fast - came well packed - well made - very professional quality
useful , even if i replace the femal xlr to male
they do n't feel cheap .
they do n't feel like they 're about to break when you touch them .
they work beautifully as is .
buy them if you need them .
exactly what is should be !
another great product from hosa !
does what i need it to do
very useful for a patch cord in my studio
this adapter cable fills my requirement exactly .
i appreciate the availability to find the variety of unique patch cables here .
very good quality and fits without any looseness or popping sounds .
it looks to be well-made and it works fine with no noticeable noise .
larger diameter ) plastic case to fit tightly into the socket .
that 's not the cable 's fault , it 's apple 's ...
i do not notice any audio issues with it and its a thin cable .
easy to wrap up and keep with your supply of cables !
great price and supper fast shipping .
so far so good ; it seems to work fine .
i 'm glad i got the long one .
sometimes i need to extra length .
had to get a replacement .
these cables work like a charm .
i would recommend this product and the company hosa cable to everyone .
thus far the cable has performed well with good fidelity .
for occasional use i would purchase this cable again .
so useful for connecting electronics to amps or mixing boards or pa systems .
came quick , good quality and nice long cord .
sorry for the late review however i was very pleased with this purchase
needed these to split out my amps in my rack from my driverack pa2 .
so far so good , it 's definitely a great product for the price .
it does the job you need it too and does n't break the bank .
lots of reviews here complaining about the quality and length of the cables .
both are valid complaints , but not for the price of this product .
it 's worked for me as i have plenty of spare cable .
get it , use it and remember how much it cost .
perfect to split mono mike into xlr l-r pre amp .
as a semi-pro dj this is good to have .
have used it daily for over 6 months now and have had no issues .
i would purchase this cable again .
10 ft is great stretch for some of my speaker and mic needs .
cable thickness is great for those worrying of pinching .
for the price , it works well .
if you need something more quality , it will cost a lot more .
i have had no problems with mine .
i would buy it again .
i use this for my headphone amplifier .
seems to work well .
i have no complaints .
it is compatible with my headphones .
came on time and work great .
have a great gain area before feedback .
use them about once a week and sometimes even more .
worked exactly as i expected .
simple to use and the seller got it to me really fast !
works great , seems to be sturdy enough .
arrived fast and works great
the foh can hook up to the other side and do their thing .
.good price , handy adapter .
seems built well enough but not terribly heavy duty
i think the zoom h4n is a very good product .
sent my audio via stereo , like i needed .
5 stars , no hesitation .
good price packaged great and shipped fast what more could i say .
put it to test use and it seemed just fine .
i hope it will hold up but other than that im super happy .
i will order from this seller again soon as they have great prices .
the auxilary side doesnt fit my samsung galaxy s4 phone case .
would be a 5 star if it did fit .
however i can hear a `` hum '' sound when song playing is done .
that 's why i deducted one star .
this cable seemed a good combo of quality and price .
i use it to plug my phone into my amp for pandora .
provides a nice clean sound ,
works perfectly for what i need it for !
hosa makes great products and this is another example of their quality .
note that these are essentially passive cables , i.e .
works very well with my application that i need it for
bought this before my last gig .
no problems yet ! !
i recommend for the price .
excellent , both stereo channels to power amp and no power loss
hosa makes great products .
this splitter is solid and does the job-
no sound degregation or interference .
seems to be a top-notch built cable .
this cable connected the amp i bought nicely .
it 's solid , it works well , no complaints .
does what it 's supposed to , built like a decent cable .
very satisfied with this product .
the price was reasonable as well .
the size is convenient too .
thank you very much .
i used it to connect my computer to a headphone amplifier .
good length and good quality cable .
not much exciting to write about a cable that just works as expected .
works well - and several months later is still in use .
this cable is great !
for the price , it 's already a plus .
it does its job , and i 'm pleased with this item .
i 'd recommend anyone to purchase this .
i have n't had any problems with the hosa cables i have purchased .
there are lots of helpful variations of connectors
i use this to connect my computer 's audio out to a headphone amp .
light and plastic but works well enough .
using them for amp micing .
best sound i 've ever gotten from a mic .
is a great product ,
very fast delivery and product meets my needs .
will consider for future purchases !
for $ 40 these are fantastic mics .
works as expected , and at a good price from this seller .
why pay more for something that does what it is suppose to do ?
flawless.. had it for about a year.. no problems
good quality cables and connectors
did exactly what i needed it to do without a hitch !
exactly what i needed .
my mic is monaural and i need to input to a stereo ipad dock .
now it records on both .
( through the focusrite dock ) .
works like a dream .
useful for the price .
i bought these mics instead of the q4s .
for the money , these are quite wonderful .
they actually sound like my sure sm58 .
i bought them to record toms on a drum kit .
they work quite well for this purpose .
better than i was expecting !
thank you very much .
a sturdy cable that seems to be very high quality .
no more misplaced adapters .
a worthy addition to my collection .
the price is good too .
use it all the time a good buy good quality and shipped on time
yay , no more jiggly 'gold-plated ' adapter !
just what i need for my audio out to pc speaker input .
and 5ft is luckily all i need .
did exactly as advertised !
i would recommend this to anyone .
have to turn the mixer eq down .
these microphones work well .
great price for this product .
great purchase for me .
i 'm in a 3-piece folk band .
reasonably priced , great sound quality , sturdy mics .
the padded gig box is an added plus !
great for travel and mobility .
for the price these mics ar amazing .
work so incredibly well and just ant recommend them enough .
almost as good as my shure sm-58s .
hot signal , good windscreen , great clarity , fat bottom .
great mics for the money .
and the price makes them a great bargain .
this thing works like a dream .
appear to be well made , great price .
very good item for very good price .
it worked as i expected it to and felt like a fair value .
fair price and good product .
not much to say about these simple items except they look and work good .
time will tell if they stand up to hard use .
cable arrived on time and well packaged .
it did its job and did it well .
actually i could say great -especially if you consider price .
this is used to input my cell pnone-mp3-player into a pa system .
i use it for live sound nest '57s and '58s .
a great vocal mic .
loved everything about these mics except they do n't have an on/off switch .
that is why i did n't give it 5 stars .
if that is not important to you ... they are perfect ! !
does not pick up exterior feedback .
good value for money - sounds pretty good
the mics are medium-low quality sound and for the price , real good .
work well ... sound great for the price
liked them so much for the price that i have purchased another set .
remember , not hi end , but very efficient
was far better than i thought it would be .
clear crisp sound that is very close to my expensive mics .
really great variety at a reasonable price .
i was unable to find the exact item i needed locally .
the perfect connection without adapters .
was shipped very quickly .
the cable is solid and i have n't had any problems with it yet .
overall great product for a great price with great quality .
i have not recorded any hiss , distortion , glitching , clipping , etc .
caused by the cable .
works well and handles repeated inserting and removing .
this cable works perfectly so far .
i would have no problem recommending it to anyone .
price is good too and was shipped promptly
played several gigs with it .
seems to be pretty reliable comparing to other units on amazon .
great product thanks ! !
werkz fine with my eos c100 dual xlr input : )
good quality and good durability .
no complaints and very satisfied with performance .
the connection sticks very well .
no worry about loosing out ! !
this did exactly what i needed .
i have a focusrite 2 channel digital interface that records mono on each channel .
i use this to get a stereo recording using both channels on one track .
nice item , thanks .
work okay for my small amateur group
can miss at this price its awsome
this mic is fantastic .
i purchased these on an impulse because of the great reviews .
i use shure , audix , mxl and tc mics .
the tonal quality is up to par also .
leave the expensive stuff at home .
stock up on these for live gigs and open mic nights .
tight pattern , but no feedback
great addition to the band ... for back up equipment .
good quality and love the fact that they were packed in the case .
they are clear and easy to set up .
thanks for a great product and a great deal .
only had a couple weeks but have worked great .
we bought this for our church .
mica are nice but the case is just a hard plastic .
bought these for my first big audio upgrade for my podcast .
gets the job done .
an immediate project and low budget..so i got these .
thank you arrived safely packed !
nice set of beginners mics !
ca n't beat that !
they are also very durable as i move those cables around frequently .
love it and would buy more !
transfers the signal perfectly .
yep , that 's about it .
i also use the cybersync transmitter and receivers .
for guest to write whatever they want .
( also another reason to have an assistant ) .
also that 's why i needed the ac power cord for my camera .
the ipad is also plugged into power .
hope this helps someone else setup an awesome photo booth as well !
arrived on time and was a lot cheaper than most other cables .
i cant tell any difference from the others
well built sturdy cable .
i 've had no trouble with this .
i have several similar hosa cables that all work well .
rack mount patch unit would be better .
much better than trying to make my own adapters .
great buy , no problems , would recommend .
used to split the signal of the wireless microphone to my two speakers .
( mobile dj application )
works fine for me when i need it .
does exactly what it was purchased for !
like the padded case , and the sound quality is great !
packed in nice case .
used them live with my carvin pa. they performed well in an outside setting .
have no issues with them yet .
i use them primarily for recording insturments , not for vocals or live performances .
i would recommend for any small church , school , or hall .
they have that pro look to them withy the pro price .
on the negative side they pick up everything .
all in all they sound good
i love the dynamics of these mics .
i guess we 'll have to see how long they last , lol !
but they are a great product for the price .
i would buy them again in a heart beat .
for the price , the sound is great .
weird i know but it happened .
anyway the stereo cable cleared it right up .
that cable was the one i needed and i 'm very happy with it .
i recomend it to everybody because is a very good quality .
great quality and great performance .
i use it from my amplifier to my digital recorder .
no static is picked up at all .
works fine just like pretty much all hosa products .
i like the rubber cable casing as well .
definitely proof that hosa products rule .
you never know when you buy cheaper cables online .
this particular cable is solidly built .
exactly as advertised and it works .
a hard item to find when you need it , but you had it .
i 've had no problems yet .
after all , what can i say ?
: - ) so , i 'm pleased .
great mics for a low cost .
after a thorough research , i settled on this great deal .
they come in neat case to boot .
for the price , you get 3 incredibly decent microphones with clips and case .
pair with some cheap foam covers and you ca n't go wrong .
i recommend these to anyone with any type of budget , high or low .
just started using the mics .
so far so good .
they arrived on time and are easy to set up .
i will provide additional feed back as they are used more .
very good quality and exactly what i needed .
this splitter is perfect !
good gear for recording , arrived on time
very short but performs well
it does what i need , and it was very reasonably priced .
this adapter helped me to output my dj software straight to a powered speaker .
i usually buy gold plated connectors but did n't see this type in gold .
it has good shielding .
you cant run any effects with out some sort of pre amp .
if you use it clean there is no delay on this through pc speakers .
there are cables out there with nicer insulation and better `` feel '' though .
used this for my home pc karaoke uhf wireless microphone set .
the cable met all of my needs .
the cable does the job for which it was purchased .
the quality of the materials seems to be good , too .
what can i say ?
it 's a cable .
it appeared as-if it had been removed already and re-inserted .
this is exactly what i needed to make a connection between two audio devices .
the cable works well and i am pleased with the purchase .
the cable works very well in this application .
it is light and flexible with no distortion noted .
very good condition , great price .
this was a great value and i would definitely get this kit again .
these mics are great for podcasting .
good product -- fast service
very satisfied with this product and vendor , highly recommend
just what the doctor ordered .
very good , quality mics !
thanks , i will be back .
this product does exactly what you would expect and need it to do .
it comes in handy quite frequently .
i always keep it in my camera bag .
works great , i can now record in stereo with one mic .
very well put together with rubber covers .
i would recommend this product to others
this dual splitter works perfect .
i own a live event video company and i shoot a lot of weddings .
the most important part of video is the audio .
i always say , half of video is audio .
this product has improved my productions beyond it 's price sold .
they work perfectly and have n't failed me once .
delivery was as promised , all in all an excellent experience , thank you .
used this at several events already and no problems at all .
this is such an awesome and really great product !
definitely worth it to give it a try .
i 'd purchase again .
they do what they need to , they feel sturdy and have no noise .
i would buy them again if i needed to .
this works so great .
it really does work great .
my dad likes these pack
this mic saved my life .
not the best microphones , but great for the price .
i am a dj and do karaoke shows as a business .
i bought these to give them a try .
the carry case is very nice .
they seem solid enough , they have weight to them .
i do n't think they are very sensitive though .
the sound quality is good enough .
these mics have made great live recording for the bands that i manage .
sounds decent for home jams with garage type band good enough .
better than what you pay for but no 900 dollar mics .
bought these expecting them to sound bad and thye ended up sounding pretty great .
very happy i decided to buy this
this cable worked very well for what i wanted to do .
what else is there to say .
i use it to connect my drums to my amp .
as always , hosa is a good value .
this cable connected my laptop to my direct box .
item was sent promptly and as described .
just what i needed .
no shorts , no static , just like it 's supposed to do .
bottom line , i would recommend this product for its value .
works like it should .
used for running ipad to a mixer for live music .
i highly recommend hosa cables .
i bought this cable and now i have clean clear sound .
very happy with the quality of this product .
what i love is the price and value .
in other words , they are inexpensive , but not cheap .
you can also use these to mic amps .
the case will maintain mics in good condition for time to come .
2. noisy venues - such as small bars .
but was great for vocals .
i would recommend it for any pa .
the samson r21 microphone kit has met all the needs and expectations as expected .
the low price was even better .
this was an awesome deal .
i rated this product five stars !
hosa has some good stuff out there for a great price .
this worked great and the price is right .
this product is awesome the quality is great also !
and for the money perfect !
hooked them up into my mixer and the sound was great !
this is the perfect solution to that .
split the signal so it goes to both channels .
it comes in handy when i need l & r channels for one mic .
it 's in my beg just in case .
i rarely use it .
what i liked about this cable is the way the cable moves and feels .
simple yes , chincy no .
works well and seems well put together .
the price is great , the quality is great !
simple cord for plugging in small units into our board .
so far no problems .
this review will be short and to the point .
my headphones came with a short 4 ' cable and only a mini-plug .
i needed a long cable with a 1/4 '' plug .
i had patched together an extension cable with a 1/4 '' plug adapter .
while it worked , it was not the ideal solution .
enter the hosa cms110 .
it was exactly what i needed .
my stock cable was very thin .
i was also suffering signal loss due to the extension cable and adapter plug .
the improvement was more than i expected .
the hosa cms110 is a highly recommended accessory .
this cable was what i needed for a project and available via amazon prime .
works as described by transferring sound from your ipod to the stereo system .
great value , too !
this is a good cable .
the ends can screw off .
good for sp/dif digital audio .
the cable is a very good one .
for the price you get a big deal .
some know what they want but have no idea how to make it work .
so , yeah , it does what i need it to do .
this is not a bells-and-whistles piece of equipment .
it does its job as expected .
i took off a star due to the somewhat flimsy construction .
not as thick as a monoprice cable ( those are heavy duty ) .
great for the $ !
the quality is fine and it does what it 's supposed to do .
good price for a good product .
works fine for splitting off of a single xlr input/output .
otherwise , no problems .
we have not yet used the dual xlr male cable .
we have it when we need it to extend our cables with more hookups .
great price versus function point .
easy to connect digital services within my studio .
perfect quality , buy it .
heavy and strong cable , sound comes perfect .
excellent quality cable from hosa .
as mentioned in another review this cable fits very tightly .
these cables are user serviceable .
they simply unscrew so you can re-soldier breaks quickly .
over-all good cable , but be careful .
you can easily damage your gear when unplugging .
i would purchase again .
i highly recommend this product .
good spdif for the money .
this is my first spdif and so far its been great !
connection is tight and fits perfectly and feels like it 'll last for years .
this is a solid product .
i ended up not needing it so ... i returned it .
however , it worked fine and gets the job done .
the product was shipped timely and everything was as described and working as expected .
i would recommend this product and service to others .
perfect for recording in stereo directly into my audio sound card .
the audio driver picks it up perfectly .
a must have for anyone with a decent sound card for home recording sessions .
but it is a very good cable .
what can i say it does what it suppose to do .
as expected from hosa another great product .
solid construction and great sound reproduced .
i would recomed this product to everyone .
and , the price is right .
not a huge problem , especially since i purchased this adapter .
the quality is fine , especially given the price and the convenience is awesome .
good product great price .
no noticeable noise added to my ears .
they continue to work to this day .
they are built tough enough for moderate use and do the job for cheap .
these cables work , they 're cheap , and they sound fine .
as such , these seem good for musicians just playing for fun at home .
if you have a slew of pedals , then this is a must have .
i 've been looking for a set , and these are the perfect ones .
