0	i have never really used it .
0	i do n't really get these `` dummies '' books .
0	i love my books and this is a great annoyance to me .
0	if you purchase just be prepared it may arrived damaged .
0	this book is just okay .
0	crochet step-by-step by sally harding is much better for the beginner .
0	save yourself the oftalmologist 's visit and buy the paperback .
0	bad formatting and some things , plainly impossible to read .
0	not recommended at all .
0	i regret spending the money on it .
0	i was looking for basic beginner help and better diagrams .
0	it was n't as helpful as i was expecting since i am a beginner .
0	i purchased this book for my granddaughter who wanted to learn to crochet .
0	she lives out of town so i could not teach her .
0	skip this one if you want to become skilled at this craft .
0	the illustrations are too confusing for someone who 's never crocheted .
0	the book is not very easy to understand .
0	it is really complicated .
0	when it finally came out i was unfortunately disappointed .
0	the entire book reads in a very unorganized way .
0	you would do better to purchase a less expensive booklet to learn the basics .
0	why buy an instrument that does n't play in tune ?
0	i bought this as a gift for my husband 2 years ago .
0	he was never able to get it tuned .
0	professionals were unable to tune it .
0	the ukulele broke the first time i tuned it .
0	definitely got what i paid for .
0	this started to bteak almost immediately
0	the courses are okay and will get you up and running .
0	the problem is the ukulele is a pos .
0	it will not stay in tune for more than 5 minutes .
0	it is the worst piece of equipment i have ever purchased .
0	i should have headed the warnings .
0	do not buy this !
0	package was in great shape while being shipped .
0	the arm of the ukulele not glued together on the back .
0	very disappointed as i wanted to start learning to play .
0	a little disappointed , it wo n't play the correct notes .
0	when i do an am chord it is flat .
0	they are both soprano uke 's and tuned to the same key .
0	but one plays a completely different ( flat ) note than the other .
0	i 'm sending it back .
0	does n't ever stay tuned .
0	this ukelele goes out of tune every 5 minutes .
0	my friend also has this ukelele and has encountered the same problem .
0	ca n't stay in-tune for more than a minute .
0	i recommend spending a little more to get a better quality option .
0	does n't stay in tune .
0	very difficult to play due to improper fret spacing .
0	the positive : good price .
0	the negative : the ukulele is of the worst quality .
0	the intonation is off even when it 's tuned properly .
0	great for a toy , not for an instrument .
0	i had this for two days .
0	it did n't stay in tune for more than 5 mins .
0	and we were driving and it just broke .
0	the neck snaped , and a string poped .
0	i enjoyed the book , at the back was all the chord you need .
0	it would be nice if a quiet fabric one was included instead .
0	the plastic is extremely loud as it crinkles and is extremely wrinkled .
0	the book is what sold me on this kit in the first place .
0	it 's all plastic , it sounds awful .
0	i thought it would be half way decent , but it 's trash .
0	do n't buy this !
0	tried to return and purchase another but a week out of return policy .
0	should have spent a little more to get a better product .
0	i have n't found this to be true ... .must be retuned often .
0	ca n't play on it without needing to be tuned .
0	so it is n't good for trying to learn how to play guitar .
0	expensive for what i got .
0	came with a strap but there are no strap pegs to attach them to .
0	cd and instruction book is nice .
0	my 6 yr old boy is learning well .
0	we can not even tune it !
0	the reviews were bad but did not bother to read before buying .
0	this product is poorly manufactured .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	please pay attention better than i did to the reviews !
0	this a very poor quality product .
0	will not stay in tune !
0	if by chance you do order buy some better strings .
0	the lesson book is ok but that 's about it .
0	do you self a favor and spend a little more .
0	you will be glad you did !
0	the description match the product , but i was expecting something with more quality
0	the strings were bad quality and the ukulele was n't even real wood .
0	even after tuning it still sounded off and is very cheap and bad quality .
0	i bought this for my 6 year old daughter for christmas .
0	tried tuning it several times , sounded horrible .
0	i knew something was wrong , took it to a guitar repair place locally .
0	$ 50 more to attempt repair .
0	fortunately , with the refund , i can get a another brand .
0	terrible , a tin can sounds better than this piece of junk !
0	very , very disappointed !
0	the fret board is broken out of the box .
0	now i need to waste time shipping it back .
0	this is terrible buy one from a music store
0	it 's a toy .
0	this could be a perfect set to start with .
0	however , the fretted notes are out of tune .
0	probably , we got a lemon .
0	otherwise , we liked the set .
0	my daughter was constantly having to tune it .
0	one star is one too many .
0	just do n't buy it .
0	it wo n't hold a tune long enough to tune it .
0	it 's wood-colored plastic .
0	you get what you pay for !
0	i 've seen toys built better than this .
0	do n't waste your money !
0	i like the alfred book and the dvd .
0	however , the instrument itself turned out to be a disappointment .
0	the quality of the instrument is not good .
0	yes it creates a lot of sound , but the frets are crooked .
0	the only chord i could play in tune was the a minor 7 chord .
0	do not get this .
0	the only good thing about this package is the book .
0	the gig bag is n't even of good quality .
0	there is absolutely no padding .
0	uke will not even stay in tune .
0	i bought this for daughter who lives an hour from me .
0	she complained it did n't stay in tune .
0	it is a made in china product .
0	better get a makala for $ 30
0	this was an awful purchase .
0	the ukulele does not even tune !
0	this ukulele is worthless .
0	it can not even stay in tune through one song .
0	first uke arrived with neck separated from body .
0	ordered a replacement which arrived with exactly the same problem .
0	meanwhile my seven year old was waiting for her present .
0	overall package with book and extra strings seemed like a good idea .
0	the whole instrument made a buzzing sound when you played it .
0	i 'm a bit disappointed with this product .
0	i began to teach myself to play .
0	but it went downhill from there .
0	a few minutes ago , the neck just snapped clean off !
0	right in the middle of me playing .
0	and i have been gentle too .
0	just get some informational book and buy yourself a better ukulele separately .
0	i found this same guitar on a different site for $ 38 free shipping .
0	i was shocked when i took it out of the box .
0	it 's too small for my 2 year old to play .
0	its made with even cheaper strings then fishing line .
0	its a toy for maybe a 2 year old .
0	no way for a 5 year old or older .
0	the reviews are so good and i have no idea why .
0	so so so so small .
0	the string broke within a second of receiving this .
0	it 's very cheaply made .
0	i am definitely suffering from buyer 's remorse .
0	the strings are horrible and does n't play well .
0	beware the product photos make the instrument appear much larger than the book .
0	the book is actually bigger .
0	ukulele is much small than expected .
0	returning product to order different size ukulele ...
0	the strings on this ukulele are terrible and impossible to tune .
0	it is cheaply made .
0	does n't stay tuned .
0	had to buy new tuning keys .
0	does n't stay in tune ... useless really .
0	it would fall out of tune after only a few strums .
0	very disappoited with this product .
0	i tightened the strings and the wood split .
0	it is now not usable .
0	i gave this to my very experienced guitar playing husband .
0	he conditioned them , played it , and tightened screws , etc .
0	nothing worked and back it went .
0	if you want to really learn to play , invest in a better model .
0	the finger board and frets are damaged .
0	bought this to start self-teaching myself how to play the ukulele .
0	usually alfred is a great brand .
0	but i was disappointed with this ukulele .
0	you definitely get what you pay for .
0	the strings would never stay tuned .
0	the tuning pegs were too loose .
0	i can only play that way .
0	is there a way to string it that way ?
0	when i got it the guitar was broken .
0	i had to buy an electric tuner just for this .
0	well , not in my case i guess ... so disappointing
0	missing frets ca n't play half the notes with missing frets : (
0	the strings are terrible and the fret board from broke
0	ukelele arrived with the neck broken .
0	did n't even bother with the dvd , it 's going right back .
0	within 5 days of use , the neck came off the body .
0	there is no way for me to use it again .
0	will not stay tuned up
0	it broke first day .
0	the ukulele could not hold its tune .
0	i know own a real instrument ukulele , not a toy .
0	i 'll then check to re-tune and the strings are all still tuned properly .
0	this uke is a toy , nothing better .
0	a terrible instrument for beginners .
0	i had never played a uke before this one , and am addicted now .
0	and i keep trying to play the firebrand , only to be disappointed .
0	i ca n't get the ukelele tuned .
0	i 'm using an electric tuner and ca n't get the right notes .
0	so ca n't even begin to try to use it for lessons .
0	the strings do not work and it is just terrible , stay away
0	will not stay in tune ... at all .
0	the nylon strings on the instrument are absolutely insufficient for beginners .
0	it makes me feel like i am playing a child 's toy .
0	it was n't pleasant .
0	book was ripped dvd broken cheap ukulele .
0	it 's basically plastic .
0	and i 'd love for a refund
0	keeps going out of tune all the time .
0	so this is brand new and needs a repair already .
0	when i bought it the price seemed great and too good to be true .
0	well , it was n't .
0	on the bright side , the repair will only be $ 20 .
0	can not be tuned .
0	has to return it .
0	broke within the first 2 times of using it .
0	strings are too high off the frets .
0	it wo n't hold a tune even after working and retuning as suggested .
0	i wish i 'd just bought something better from the start .
0	great concept with great instructions and cds .
0	out of tune too easily .
0	you 'll need help tuning or a tuning application .
0	it would probably discourage beginners who are tone deaf .
0	more of a `` toy '' than an `` instrument ''
0	nothing can have 100 % positive feedback '' .
0	boy , was i wrong .
0	this `` starter pack '' is more of a toy then a musical instrument .
0	spend a little more and get a ukulele that has some actual quality .
0	why is it in this condition ?
0	it should n't be .
0	this should be a brand new decent looking ukulele ... but it 's not .
0	it 's a constant cycle of this .
0	i would not recommend buying this .
0	do not give it a chance like i did .
0	we decided to return it .
0	not suitable for an adult .
0	impossible to keep in tune .
0	further , ours arrived with a broken fret .
0	i was dissatisfied with this instruments quality .
0	i can not keep it in tune .
0	i have had the chance to handle and try this out .
0	fyi - this product is suited for young children - not for beginner adults !
0	this ukulele was of poor quality and i would not recommend to anyone .
0	very disappointed grand daughter on christmas !
0	we bought this as a christmas present for our daughter .
0	i will be sending it back .
0	i suspect it was returned or used .
0	i mistakenly thought it came with a tuner .
0	this is really low quality .
0	the strings will not stay in tune and the body feels too light .
0	the instrument broke one hour after it came out of the box christmas morning .
0	big disappointment for the boy on christmas morning .
0	i repaired it with wood glue and a large clamp .
0	seems to work now but confidence in this item is low now .
0	this ukulele is not worth the money !
0	even if you 're a beginner .
0	my daughter really wanted one so ordered it for christmas .
0	for an item over $ 30 , i except a better quality .
0	overall , i am very disappointed in this product .
0	cheap material and the strings are junk .
0	i would not spend more than $ 10 on this item .
0	the money i lost is more than what the ukulele is worth : (
0	could have been a better quality .
0	but you get what you pay for .
0	my daughter learned how to play in 2 days from the youtube channel
0	very hard to keep tuned , strings too hard , very small sound .
0	it was broken when i received it .
0	so cheap that it wo n't even hold a tune .
0	the strings are cheap plastic .
0	strings wo n't stay in tune .
0	by the end of a song you have to retune .
0	neck broke off within 10 seconds of playing .
0	re-glued it but the strings do n't fit the bottom grooves very well .
0	this is a kids toy .
0	i returned mine upon opening the box .
0	definitely not a quality product .
0	book is dumb and the ukelele is hard : (
0	the wood seems to be very low quality .
0	i was expecting something better .
0	the strings are horrible and very cheap .
0	i wan na return it honestly
0	it 's a toy .
0	it will not stay in tune .
0	it 's still nicely wrapped in the box .
0	the ukulele was poorly bilt .
0	i broke very easily .
0	it 's really bad ! ! ! !
0	can i have my , money back ?
0	will not tone very cheap waste of money .
0	ukelele could not be tuned and is of poor quality .
0	strings are cheap plastic .
0	this ukulele was more of a toy than a nice-full-sounding ukulele .
0	i hope i can return it .
0	it was broken and could no longer be played ...
0	and nowhere in the book does it tell you how to do that .
0	did n't know they were plastic !
0	had to return this item .
0	the instruction book is very good for beginners .
0	youtube tutorials are invaluable , and plentiful .
0	ordered this because it was a kit and on price point alone .
0	the bag is pretty useless .
0	it 's thin and crinkly with no protective qualities , really .
0	i suppose it would protect from sunlight and dust .
0	the instrument is obviously a `` starter '' uke .
0	the matte finish does attract fingerprints and is very plain .
0	i bought the hola !
0	electronic tuner and just leave it clipped on .
0	i would recommend this for anyone wanting to give ukulele a whirl .
0	it 's a fast learning curve , and super fun !
0	the ukulele was impossible to tune .
0	could not stay in tune .
0	when it arrived at my house it was broken
0	the neck was separated from the body and the guitar felt cheaply made .
0	barely produces sound , strings can not be tightened .
0	when i tightened the strings to tune , it would not stay in tune .
0	unfortunately , i had not discovered this until my window of return had closed .
0	could be better compiled .
0	it snapped in half within 35 minutes .
0	it was hard to tune .
0	this is awful terrible !
0	i got it and it was just so bad .
0	it snapped after a few days because i left a few papers on it .
0	i have never played a stringed instrument .
0	i bought this starter pack and was very excited to get started .
0	i tuned the strings as soon as it arrived using a mobile phone app .
0	i started the lessons right away .
0	i bought new ( higher grade ) strings .
0	it still wo n't hold its tuning .
0	i ca n't tell you the difference in quality .
0	i now practice daily .
0	the chords sound nothing like my new uke .
0	this has to be a toy- not a real instrument .
0	i opened the box and quickly noticed that the ukulele was broken .
0	that break was clearly not due to bad shipping .
0	the ukulele was terrible .
0	i 'm surprised you would sell such and awful instrument .
0	beware of amazon 's 30 day return policy !
0	the book and accessories make an excellent starter set and the uke is adorable !
0	looks like it would be a great set if the ukelele was n't defective .
0	lesson learned : check all items when received from amazon !
0	i purchased this instrument to teach my child to play .
0	the first time i tuned this ukulele , the neck snapped in two .
0	the manufacturer should really rethink its construction and lack of durability .
0	i did not tighten the strings too much .
0	i barely got started with the first string .
0	the instrument i received could n't hold the tuning at all .
0	i was only hoping for a playable instrument , nothing amazing .
0	but the one i got barely even qualified for an instrument .
0	i would not recommend anyone take a chance with this .
0	you 'd be better off buying a ukulele elsewhere .
0	preferably where you can try playing it beforehand .
0	i got this kit as a christmas present from my sister .
0	not that she would have known but the ukulele is simply unplayable .
0	this ukulele looks like something a 3 year old would play with .
0	could not get the instrument to stay in tune for longer than a minute .
0	ended up returning for a credit .
0	i purchased this for my kid that is taking a uke class .
0	right after taking it out , i noticed just how cheap the construction was .
0	within 10min of opening the box , i already resealed it for return .
0	it could have ended my child 's interest in the uke before even beginning .
0	well worth it in my opinion .
0	it 's practically the thickness of a trash bag and honestly embarrassing .
0	it worked but there 's an incredibly noticeable crack in it .
0	i 'd try to return it but it 's really not worth the effort .
0	this a great product for the price it lists .
0	i learned a song quickly and played it couple of times .
0	each time , the pitch sounded off within the first verse of the song .
0	i basically had to tune it over and over .
0	i could n't get through even a single song without it losing its tune .
0	you basically get what you pay for .
0	i would invest a little more money and get a nice ukulele .
0	does n't stay tuned for more than a few minutes .
0	have to buy my daughter a better one to use .
0	i was not very satisfied with this ukulele .
0	hard to tune it also .
0	not what we were expecting .
0	too much of a toy .
0	unable to tune the instrument as we would have liked to .
0	but if you are a 3rd-5th grader perhaps this is your best bet .
0	hope this helps , -c
0	my room mate made the claim `` i can play anything with strings . ''
0	we tuned the ukulele but it did n't hold the sounds ?
0	i doubt that it will be useful .
0	if it was n't a gift i would send it back
0	the product arrived and looked extremely cheap .
0	2 the strings it came with were horrible .
0	it could not be tuned and would not play .
0	then he tried to play and was very sad .
0	very sorry i bought this item .
0	the manual is fine , the ukelele is terrible .
0	also feels very light and flimsy .
0	he said it would n't keep in tune at all .
0	we are returning it .
0	he liked it with the exception he was unable to play it .
0	the sound is disappointing to begin with .
0	i check the tuning again , they are fine !
0	what it means is that the frets are not right !
0	but the main instrument is very disappointing .
0	used a few times and the bridge broke .
0	very poor quality , do n't buy .
0	when i received it , it looks like a toy .
0	the quality is cheap n its all plastic .
0	i want a real ukulele but this product is s & ^ # !
0	do n't buy it if u want to play ukulele .
0	..unless u want a toy .
0	i immediately return it when i recieved it ...
0	this uke is cute , but it does n't hold a tune .
0	this thing is so cheap , as in , it 's made crappy ! !
0	i would not recommend this to anyone !
0	very disappointed on this one !
0	i am really mad !
0	my husband deserved an awesome fathers day gift and instead , he got crap !
0	disappointed with the construction .
0	do n't know how this one got past quality control .
0	it was more like a chuckee cheese prize than an instrument !
0	the ukulele strings just would n't stay put .
0	delivery was prompt as usual , but the product itself is garbage .
0	actually it never tuned in the first place .
0	$ 35 is over priced for such a poorly made item .
0	product is inexpensive which is great , but is cheap which is not .
0	strings are extremely hard to tune because they keep going out of tune .
0	the stain patterns follow the exact arc the crack appeared on .
0	i find this highly suspect .
0	very disappointed right now .
0	the ukelele is made out of cheap wood and it feels awful .
0	the strings are low quality and everything about the package screams out horrible .
0	i am very happy amazon has a return policy .
0	the smallest string apparently was n't tied on correctly and came loose overnight .
0	the book and dvd are helpful and throughout .
0	but the ukulele is cheap and sounds terrible .
0	i guess i got what i payed for .
0	it sounded and played great !
0	i loved it and bought it .
0	the sellers were nice and seemed concerned about selling an unplayable instrument .
0	it 's too close to christmas to waste time on this one .
0	hope this helps you out .
0	i just ordered the updated version .
0	when i opened the box , it had already appeared to be used .
0	it looks very worn .
0	nothing i would expect from amazon llc .
0	wo n't stay in tune and sounds like you are strumming a plastic toy .
0	it is going back .
0	out the gate , i 'm pretty underimpressed by the package .
0	it wo n't tune it 's just junk .
0	my little girls dora guitar is better .
0	very ordinary suctions , but strong .
0	can adjust the angle and height .
0	but : slides on the lap .
0	basically it has been impractical and unusable for me due to constant sliding .
0	difficult to stay on guitar
0	i have to adjust it every time i move one way or another .
0	it wo n't allow tilting towards your body .
0	if they would add that it would be a valuable addition to my arsenal .
0	i did this and it still will not keep its hold .
0	this product is useless and i feel like i wasted over $ 30 .
0	the amount of air it takes to play this whistle is totally insane .
0	a fife takes less !
0	i could n't be more disappointed in this tin whistle .
0	it just seems to make it more difficult to play a clear note .
0	any tips ... i 'll edit my review if more practice changes things .
0	i play a feadog d all the time and love it .
0	no it is n't tunable .
0	up the tin whistle ya 'll
0	didnt fit and had much worse quality than advertised .
0	returned it it did not fit my guitar
0	total waste of money .
0	i could never get it on the guita .
0	it did not fit the neck of our guitar .
0	does not work as i thought it would .
0	just a piece of expensive plastic .
0	gimmic ... .nice song books tho .
0	chordbuddy did not fit my guitar , and was hard to use .
0	better off using youcisian or getting lessons .
0	there are some great beginner lessons you youtube also .
0	does not fit guitar , dose not push all of the strings down .
0	received this earlier this month and i was eager to attach and start rocking .
0	first the good , great concept , books and dvd are clear and informative .
0	the chord buddy simply does n't work .
0	10 cents worth of plastic and it feels like it .
0	i also tried it on my semi-acoustic with the exact same results .
0	like i said , great concept ... ... ... but poorly executed .
0	difficult to register on neck .
0	i am really ticked off !
0	did n't work and it kept on slipping on strings .
0	played wrong strings or overlapped wrong stings .
0	good idea but poor design .
0	only reason got two stars is video good .
0	this product is an excellent idea .
0	i wish it actually worked .
0	the dvd was pretty great .
0	i think it just ca n't press the strings down hard enough .
0	the worst product i have ever purcased off amazon !
0	the plastic thumb screw broke right off the bat .
0	cheaply made and not worth $ 44.95 !
0	have returned it to amazon for a full refund .
0	wish they made it clear that you must measure guitar first .
0	too small and will cost almost $ 8 to return for refund !
0	got it on time .
0	supposed to be left handed but it 's not .
0	kind of a pain to get on .
0	doubt i would purchase this again
0	did n't fit so returned
0	i ordered it after seeing on shark tank and really hoped for the best .
0	sorry chordbuddy , this missed the mark .
0	missing the chord buddy device .
0	package only contained the tuner and books
0	does n't work on guitar
0	it was difficult to maneuver
0	horrible was broken when i received it .
0	would not stay in place when using the guitar .
0	very frustrating to say the least .
0	provably should have returned it .
0	i 'm really disappointed .
0	he had it installed on his fender accoustic .
0	adjustment of device unclear , also .
0	so i through it into the trash .
0	waste of money and time .
0	saw it on tv but it did n't work for me .
0	i could n't get the device on the guitar neck to work correctly .
0	very difficult to line up so you get a clear tone when using .
0	i finally gave up .
0	no matter how i put it on i get a buzzing from it .
0	really wanted this to work but bottom line is it dont .
0	i would never recommend this to anyone and am very disapointed .
0	i have returned the chord buddy twice now .
0	both times due to the tightening screw snapping .
0	certainly not what i was hoping for in terms of quality .
0	the chordbuddy is not produced as well as i had anticipated .
0	unfortunately , it did n't work for him .
0	he was not able to apply enough pressure .
0	that 's not the chordbuddy 's fault .
0	maybe it would work for others , i do n't know .
0	it just appeared to be cheaply made though .
0	not a good design , will not stay tight on guitar neck .
0	you 're paying nine cents apiece for those ?
0	i received an oscar schmidt guitar a couple years ago for christmas .
0	i have tinkered around but never learned to really play it .
0	i was excited to receive the chord buddy .
0	unfortunately , it did not fit my guitar .
0	it will be returned and the guitar will be returned to the closet .
0	fit the guitar good , my guitar was the right size .
0	i like the idea but not the actual operation .
0	tabs we 're different heights , rubbed together , not a quality product .
0	therefore can not be tightened securely .
0	did not like..sent back for refund
0	great idea poor quality .
0	the system will help one to get started to making music , yes !
0	and , a note : you do get a nice 100 song book .
0	guess it is worth the $ 50.00 give it a try .
0	hopefully your usa made will be a little better quality than what mine was .
0	cd does not play in either of my computers .
0	please do n't buy , it 's too frustrating to use
0	i had to return mine .
0	i have returned it because of a few different issues .
0	instead it leans and wo n't sit straight .
0	as i mentioned above , i purchased a 6 string guitar .
0	will only fit smaller guitars .
0	did not fit my daughters .
0	i was very disappointed with the quality of the product .
0	my husband received this as a gift through amazon .
0	the dvd does n't navigate right on any of our computers .
0	still no instructions as to navigate on a computer .
0	disappointed , that we were sucked in again by a bunch of tv hype .
0	dont waste $ 35 ! !
0	this product is a joke .
0	it is made out of a flimsy plastic .
0	in theory , it should work , but in reality it does not .
0	definitely not worth anywhere near the price they ask for it .
0	somebody on shark tank is making millions .
0	what a piece of crap-do n't waste your money ! !
0	iam dissatisfied with the cord buddy it dose not fit right .
0	i installed like the dvd said and the plastic screw .
0	tht holds it on .
0	hard to fasten to guitar and kept giving false readings
0	nice idea , but it really does n't work .
0	you really do n't feel like you are making anything that sounds like music .
0	it was a waste of money .
0	i spent more time adjusting the chordbuddy than actually playing .
0	mine started to crack on day three .
0	honestly was not what i expected at all .
0	plastic not very sturdy and cheap .
0	would n't by this product again .
0	directions were very confusing and were not clear .
0	it did n't bring the cd .
0	how am i supposed to use it ?
0	after i received it , i found it only works with 3 chords .
0	junk.. save your money .
0	does not fit on guitar and is confusing to learn
0	even adjusting it out ... .it was too small .
0	so ... this was only rated low because we could not use it .
0	does n't fit my guitar .
0	cord buddy did not work for me .
0	it was not a helpful product .
0	not very well constructed .
0	did not seat well at all on the guitar .
0	i immeadiately sent back and got a refund !
0	i was so disappointed !
0	flimsy and wo n't stay in place .
0	it took 4 ever to arrive .
0	my tuning snark arrived in two days ; tuned guitar with no chord contraption .
0	i should have known better .
0	i 've done better learning power chords and basic chords on youtube .
0	oh well , you live and learn .
0	any positive reviews have to be fake .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	mines heading back tomorrow .
0	this is not worth the money , flimsy construction .
0	difficult to attach to guitar properly .
0	make sure you measure your guitar neck .
0	can not be over 1 3/4 inches wide .
0	other wise it wo n't work .
0	product came on time that was plus .
0	fitted well on my guitar .
0	but that was when things went down hill .
0	tired taking off th rubber boots , tried adjusting it .
0	nothing seems to work .
0	waste of money i should have listened to th people in th other reviews .
0	be warner do n't buy this ! !
0	does n't fit my guitar ca n't use .
0	didnt work on her guitar .
0	just did n't work as it said it would
0	it might work on some guitars , but not mine .
0	i guess i 'll learn to play the harmonica .
0	sadly , it did not fit any of my four guitars .
0	it fits the base to one of them but does n't actually work .
0	definitely do n't recommend .
0	this product doesnt work .
0	its not worth buying .
0	i bought 2 of them and they both did the same thing .
0	did not fit on jr or regular guitar neck ... disappointment .
0	this product is still in need of further development .
0	string buzzing on my acoustic guitar .
0	did n't fit right .
0	great concept , not so good on the execution .
0	this thing is a piece of junk .
0	made very cheap , i guess that is part of the shark tank marketing .
0	when it moves it makes the strings buzz or sound off key .
0	would not spend money on it again .
0	i play guitar , but was buying it for my grandson .
0	in plain english it do n't work
0	wish i had of kept the invoice , i would have sent it back..
0	poor quality , constantly falls off .
0	not very durable at all .
0	it does not attached to the guitar chord well and expensive .
0	too much breakable plastic .
0	i bought this for my son to learn how to play the guitar .
0	also that it wanted you to read the music not the cords .
0	otherwise , it is not worth the plastic it is molded from .
0	tried to remove a rubber boot , ripped .
0	did not come with enough replacement boots .
0	i do not recommend .
0	did not work on guitar .
0	biggest piece of garbage there is .
0	cheap plastic that does n't work .
0	disappointed chordbuddy would not fit my wife 's hohner guitar .
0	it would not accommodate the wider string spacing .
0	it would have been better to by chordbuddy with the guitar as a package .
0	not what i expected would not recomend
0	rubber pieces were not level if that makes sense .
0	plastic pieces stuck together , felt it was cheaply made .
0	loved the concept , wish it would have worked .
0	no am returning the product .
0	also , the one i received was not what was pictured in the instructional dvd
0	very disappointed in product .
0	difficult to properly attach to guitar .
0	device sits on strings and muffles sounds .
0	not what i expected .
0	it 's now sitting in my drawer .
0	it allows you to play 5 different chords .
0	much better to take lessons .
0	installation instructions leave a lot to be desired .
0	not very well made .
0	really does n't clamp the neck well .
0	i was so psyched when i saw it on sharktank .
0	cheap and flimsy ... .
0	did not fit my guitar correctly even though my guitar neck was within limits .
0	needs to tighten to the neck better .
0	would absolutely not fit right and hit strings it should not or blocked others .
0	i followed all directions and really wanted to give this a shot .
0	not worth any amount of money .
0	promises great things but ca n't even start using it .
0	ummm do n't get it .
0	would not and could not get it to work properly on standard size guitar .
0	i hate this wasted of money .
0	it does not work and the company will not return my emails .
0	i wanted to return the waste of money and get my money back .
0	had to adjust everytime you pressed down on colored tabs .
0	was loose after each use for a young person it 's hard to use .
0	i am not real impressed with this product .
0	did not help me at all .
0	the instruction video is not don very well .
0	i have 2 acustic guitars and i couldnot make it work on either one .
0	i tried without the tabs and it still would not work .
0	a waste of money .
0	never got it to work properly .
0	very unhappy with it .
0	it was a waste of money .
0	i would not recommend this
0	the concept is good the application is poor
0	i 've tried this on at least four different guitars .
0	i wish i could get my money back .
0	if this is easy installation ; i 'm glad they did n't over complicate .
0	instructions on dvd are slim and on paper even worse .
0	i would not recommend this 5 cents worth of plastic for any one .
0	this thing is not recommended for people with high blood pressure or heart problems .
0	if you buy it get case of beer before trying to install .
0	the concept is great but unfortunately it 's made cheap .
0	for the price , i expected higher quality .
0	my suggestion is to hang on to your money .
0	the chord buddy did not fit either one !
0	apparently , it fits `` most '' guitars -- so be careful !
0	maybe a quick call to the manufacturer will help .
0	they would be smart to track the guitars it does not work on .
0	do n't waste your time getting this .
0	is made out of cheap stuff .
0	not happy with this product wish i could return it
0	hard to keep in place on the guitar .
0	would not recommend this product .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	it was cheap plastic and the chords sound terrible .
0	a waste of money i will keep practicing and learn the real way
0	very flimsy and hard to use .
0	i would not recommend it to anyone .
0	a total waste of money on my part
0	i ordered it for my wife for christmas .
0	it did not fit her guitar .
0	it was n't big enough to fit around the neck .
0	she was very disappointed .
0	the principle i get ... however , the little hammers slide off the strings .
0	do n't bother , it does n't fit well and is cumbersome to use .
0	just not adjustable enough.. probably works well on certain guitars..
0	great concept , cheaply made .
0	i had higher hopes from a product shown on shark tank !
0	it did n't fit correctly onto the guitar .
0	both kits showed up without the dvd 's in them .
0	without a complete kit , you ca n't complete the home study coarse .
0	ca n't get the cord buddy attached to guitar .
0	i do n't believe this product is workable .
0	how do i returnthe cord buddy ?
0	this is very hard to use .
0	it does not stay in place .
0	it is very expensive and does not help to play the guitar .
0	do n't be fooled .
0	this thing is crap .
0	do n't buy it .
0	does n't fit right at all .
0	do n't waste your $ $ .
0	the shark tank show made it look effortless , but it 's crap .
0	good concept but cheaply made product .
0	this product is definitely not worth the money .
0	i have not been able to get it to work .
0	it only comes with grey booties .
0	in my opinion do n't waste your money on this thing .
0	did not work on my guitar .
0	instruction video showed better item .
0	i returned the product .
0	otherwise seems to be an intereting product .
0	i have no problem with the product itself .
0	i paid for a new chord buddy and was sent a used one .
0	the package was opened and taped closed .
0	you should recieve what you paid for ... ... ... ...
0	bought this as a christmas gift for my son who is taking guitar lessons .
0	it did not fit properly on the guitar .
0	it was snug on two cords but not all .
0	wanted to return it , but could n't .
0	poorly made , i have six guitars does n't work on any of them .
0	complete waste of time and money.good idea that was poorly executed
0	sorely disappointed ... ..did n't return simply so no one else gets this bamboozled .
0	it is not a learning system or practice aid .
0	never mind that no account is taken in about rhythm and strumming .
0	the john rich video is so misleading about playing a song .
0	-- -as if those are the only chords in songs .
0	what about key signatures ?
0	sharps and flats in notes and chords ?
0	it 's a novelty .
0	you have to have a teacher to learn an instrument .
0	the student dumped the toy and stayed with me .
0	unfortunately i was wrong .
0	only one chord would play clearly .
0	the buddy would stay tight for a couple of chords then slip down again .
0	i like the idea but the execution is poor .
0	maybe they 'll come out with a more stable and less cheaply made product .
0	until then i would n't recommend .
0	i gave this every possible opportunity and just can not make it work .
0	i would love to see how those who are happy use theirs .
0	the cheapness of the plastic might be the culprit .
0	it 's probably a good idea that was ruined in poor quality offshore manufacturing .
0	maybe if it were just a little higher quality it might work .
0	it was broking when i got it .
0	and they never tryed to get it back to fix it .
0	they lied about it .
0	it has n't met our expectations at all .
0	the neck on my guitar is 2 inch wide .
0	chord buddy did n't fit .
0	i forced it on , but it wo n't touch the 6th string .
0	strings are 7/16 inch apart .
0	booty 's miss strings or hit stings not needed .
0	will try old school with cd .
0	bad to start with .
0	upon receiving chord buddy , it was faulty .
0	it cost way too much for a thing that does n't even function properly .
0	was not constructed to fit well on the guitar .
0	the unit kept slipping and would not hold adjustments after a minute of playing .
0	i sent an email to the support site but never recevied an answer .
0	not happy with the product .
0	i was hoping it would be easier to attach to my guitar .
0	additionally , the knob for tightening down on the neck was missing .
0	not worth the money .
0	would n't pay $ 5 for this .
0	cheaply made , difficult to install .
0	thought this would be a cool item .
0	constantly have to adjust the thing to get a clean strum .
0	i did n't receive all the parts indicated in the instructions .
0	i found this more trouble than it is worth .
0	bummer , really wanted it to work .
0	had truoble with chord buddy touching the strings .
0	tried different ways to mount it with no success .
0	does not work as advertised on my guitar .
0	not a very well made product .
0	more frustrating than it is worth !
0	it really is worth about 5 dollars !
0	i would not recommend purchasing it .
0	pay for real lessons !
0	guess i can use it to learn notes and ignore how it sounds .
0	i actually returned it and received a full refund .
0	please do not waste your money on this product .
0	not made of high quality .
0	should be made of metal so it does n't feel like it will break .
0	needs 2 sizes for selling .
0	one for larger neck and one for slender neck .
0	it does not fit correctly .
0	my elderly father is bored so he wanted this for christmas .
0	i thought w the sharks involved it would have been of much higher quality .
0	i love the sharks ! !
0	( tv program ) those people are awesome unlike the guitar buddy .
0	my hat is still off to the inventor though .
0	just needs more money put into it .
0	and the song books need to be more simple .
0	like g with a circle to press that button etc .
0	read the bad reviews .
0	back to the drawing board .
0	great concept and will probably work with some guitars .
0	neuropathy took away my ability to play chords .
0	i was hoping this product might allow me to ply a little .
0	my major gripe 9s with the chord selection available .
0	check that out before you buy .
0	may be fine for you .
0	it is made of very cheap plastic .
0	it works ok , but you have to be constantly readjusting it .
0	maybe its because its cracked .
0	it feels cheap and you have to constantly adjust it .
0	dvd is pretty basic too .
0	try to find something else with better quality .
0	i removed and reinstalled it several times before it would work at all .
0	fits guitar neck poorly .
0	moves laterlally at slightest touch .
0	impossible to adjust so all strings are clear .
0	good idea but poorly made .
0	i have yet to get this thing to work .
0	i ca n't even get it to stay on the guitar .
0	great consept , sorry construction .
0	i bought it for my grandson and i am so disappointed .
0	it is the biggest waste of money that i have every spent .
0	once i received this item and tried it out there was only extreme disappointment .
0	will never recommend this to anyone wanting to learn to play a guitar
0	chordbuddy was a waste of money .
0	i 'm so disappointed .
0	it does n't fit my guitar .
0	may i return it ?
0	please give me an address to return it to .
0	i was not able to attach it to my accoustic guitar .
0	i went to a guitar store and they could n't do it either .
0	i am so disappointed , as i looked forward to using it .
0	it was n't it made it almost harder
0	cheap plastic that did n't fit on my acoustic guitar !
0	not as it was shown on tv .
0	still continue to try and see how it goes .
0	would n't fit on 3 different guitars ?
0	what more can i say ?
0	lent it to a friend .
0	would n't fit his guitar ?
0	very unhappy , does not stay in place on guitar .
0	does not adjust properly .
0	therefore ... , does not play chords clean .
0	it seems like a good idea ... .but did not work well for me .
0	used it on a four different gutars .
0	it fit none of them well enough to stay attached .
0	when pressing the keys they did not match the strings and sounded really bad .
0	it looked promising but failed all the way round .
0	good idea but poor workmanship ruined it .
0	go back to the drawing board and try again .
0	i recently saw the chordbuddy on shark tank and really was intrigued .
0	the product i got seemed like it had already been used .
0	after i installed and began to play i was very disappointed .
0	i should have listened to previous buyers .
0	good luck and happy guitar playing !
0	could never get it to fit properly on my guitar and i really tried .
0	instructional video with travis is also lacking .
0	there are no shortcuts to playing guitar .
0	you just have to practice and take lessons from a good teacher .
0	my recommendation is to save your money and use it for real lessons instead .
0	as others have mentioned it is cheap / poorly made .
0	this caused some strings to not be depressed the same as others .
0	worked with it for about an hour and put it away .
0	first we could n't get it on the guitar to play the cords correctly .
0	nothing we did worked and yes , we did watch the dvd .
0	so how can it fit standard guitars if they 're all different ?
0	i returned it and am learning the old school way .
0	it was just not as easy as it was made out to be .
0	does not do what it says it will do .
0	he was on shark tank twice and the sharks thought he was great .
0	i am sure they lost their investment on this cheap piece of plastic .
0	i hope no one buys anymore , i am sooo disappointed ! !
0	great idea but poorly made .
0	the plastic hits the strings causing an annoying buzz .
0	it was not packaged as advertised and was missing parts .
0	when you held down the color tab it did n't touch all the chords .
0	this product sounds like a great beginners guide .
0	i say ditch the chord buddy and use some free online teaching tools .
0	there is nothing i can say about chordbuddy .
0	if they ever make one that fits my guitar i will buy it .
0	the concept is good but in reality it was a flop .
0	this chord buddy is not a good training tool .
0	no real guitarist would use this .
0	do n't waste your time or money .
0	do you want to learn how to play guitar or just memorize colored buttons ?
0	would not recommend this product to nobody .
0	string actions did not play chord properly .
0	really thin cheaply made chord buddy .
0	found it cheaply made and clumpsy to use .
0	did not fit my folk guitar very well .
0	am 68 years old .
0	had a similar unit for my ukelele when a youngster .
0	got the chordbuddy for my grandson .
0	i tried this on multiple guitars , both nylon and steel stringed .
0	the unit was not stable on any of the guitars ' neck .
0	in other words a total waste of money .
0	i would pay double if it was a quality device .
0	great idea - but c'mon.. sell me something that actually functions.. too bad..
0	but unfortunately from all 3 guitars they did not fit ! !
0	i 'm gon na keep trying until i get it right .
0	if i can not , hopefully i will be able to get a refund .
0	cheap plastic , pressure pads missing and broken .
0	a waste of $ 40 .
0	it sure looked goog on shark tank .
0	it did not do what i expected.its not worth what i paid for .
0	glad i only purchase one .
0	might as well just learn to play the guitar , it would be easier .
0	this is a fair warning the product sucks !
0	at least for me .
0	it never worked even after having a replacement .
0	tried contacting chord buddy itself but they are no help !
0	the customer service sounded like some lady just answering her home phone .
0	not a professional place .
0	i tried to get help through facebook on the chord buddy site .
0	it seemed like he helped people there but i got no reply from him .
0	it was so far a waste of money big time .
0	it sits under my bed in a box now collecting dust .
0	wish i never wasted the time .
0	thats what i get for watching shark tank .
0	amazon and shipping was great as expected .
0	the cord buddy did n't work as expected .
0	i admit it is a great idea but needs lots of improvement .
0	.i believe it would discourage any new beginner .
0	i had to make shims so it would fit tight on my guitar .
0	i would not purchase one of these again .
0	i did n't know how to rate this item .
0	we have not been able to get it connected properly on the guitar .
0	it just does not fit properly and does not make completed chords .
0	the sounds it does make are not pleasing .
0	it is nothing like what we saw on a local t.v .
0	i guess at 78 years of age he should try something easier .
0	i feel bad that this product is fooling so many .
0	do n't want sore fingers ?
0	spend two weeks and you 'll get your callus 's .
0	consider it a rite of passage .
0	do n't want callus 's ?
0	do n't play guitar .
0	this is just another gimmick .
0	that is the bottom line .
0	technically speaking , learning your chords is muscle recognition .
0	t hey might be ok except you cant keep them on the guitar .
0	you have to keep readjusting it all the time almost after every song .
0	i would not recommend this product to anyone .
0	i would not recommend this product .
0	it did not come close to fitting my guitar .
0	it was a waste of money !
0	i bought this for my wife for her birthday .
0	we had seen it on shark tank and really wanted to like it .
0	i 've been playing guitar for about 4 years .
0	i tried it on two different acoustics .
0	they both have decent set ups .
0	there was terrible buzzing when using the chord buddy .
0	the plastic felt cheap and the whole thing felt flimsy .
0	this is horrible period .
0	i have had several professional musicians try and help me out .
0	it will not firmly attach to any of my guitars .
0	it has a tendency to wobble on all the guitars that i own .
0	i would much appreciate my refund as this was not a cheap item !
0	why is it called chord buddy ? ?
0	but you know how to strum your guitar .
0	as with others had a hard time on two different guitars getting proper fit .
0	i have attempted to tighten the chord buddy , again without success .
0	again , i have attempted to tighten the chord buddy without success .
0	when i try to correct that , i.e .
0	i put this on a standard guitar with little hope .
0	the cd that comes with the book is only for older computers .
0	the company ( i called ) that does n't real care !
0	i wasted my money..save yours !
0	this item does not fit all guitars .
0	i tried it on two different guitars and it did not work .
0	i wish i had looked for those reviews before purchasing .
0	more than likley i would not recomed this product to a friend .
0	it simply does n't work .
0	last time i buy anything promoted on shark tank .
0	this item did not fit my guitar !
0	did not fit , did not fit
0	it did not sound good .
0	i had a proffesional guitar player try it and he had the same results .
0	i wish it would have sounded better becauce the idea is great .
0	i am having trouble getting the chords to play cleanly .
0	it seems a little cheap to me .
0	when i saw this on shark tank i thought this would be perfect .
0	if i ever figure out what the problem is i will update .
0	need someone or something to help you get started ?
0	good luck with that .
0	are there videos on youtube to give you an out line ?
0	who the heck knows .
0	nothing is mentioned about it at the web sight .
0	how about operating the `` preform a track '' software ?
0	i thought the `` preform a track '' i downloaded was defective .
0	so who is giving all those glowing recommendations about this product ?
0	makes you wonder though , how come those people did n't mention these issues ?
0	it does n't represent all the chords .
0	it did not fit any guitar well enough to work properly .
0	great concept , faulty design & extremely poor quality .
0	does not fit all guitars .
0	does not function properly .
0	best thing about this product was they gave me my money back .
0	because it did not work on my guitar as advertised , would not recommend .
0	needs better design and construction .
0	it does n't work would like to return but do n't know how .
0	it is impossible to hold the colored keys down to strum the chord .
0	i followed travis ' instructions via supplied dvd , but still was not successful .
0	in retrospect , i should have waited for a 4g version of this ...
0	tried it on two different guitars .
0	did n't work on either .
0	the dvd says there are two different size boots .
0	if there are different sizes they should be different colors to tell them apart .
0	i guess my guitar is considered a classical guitar .
0	the neck is to wide and `` chord buddy '' wo n't fit .
0	description should state supported neck width in measurements not guitar style .
0	most people buying this are new to guitars and might not know exact specifications .
0	good idea but i should have read more reviews .
0	again , good idea it just wo n't work .
0	measure your guitar and call them before ordering .
0	video states it comes with tabs that touch the strings .
0	mine came with only grey .
0	i do n't think the item works properly .
0	i happily purchased it but i 'm not satisfied with the unit .
0	the video and books provided are excellent .
0	it does not work as simply as advertized .
0	when hitting one cord it also hits another string and direction are confusing .
0	now why is that ?
0	made so cheaply and does not clamp on neck and stay .
0	it arrived in record time .
0	the plastic is inferior , and the construction overall is lack-luster .
0	but as is , do not buy ! ! !
0	i can n't even use this on my guitar .
0	the teaching dvd is of poor quality .
0	this was the worst transaction i have ever had with amazon .
0	i believe that he should say which button is next in his teaching .
0	my son ( 12 ) did not like this product at all .
0	he found the dvd boring and wanted to play more updated music .
0	overall i would not recommend this for young people .
0	found it very difficult to set up on guitar .
0	i had high hopes for this .
0	i have light guitar experience before i got it .
0	as soon as i used it i knew there were going to be problems .
0	it took me all of 15 minutes to figure out this was garbage .
0	1. it is made out of extremely cheap plastic which could easily break .
0	2. it needs to be secured to the guitar in a better fashion .
0	i would consider it a waste of money .
0	besides that , its way over priced for what it is .
0	i would demand that it be made correctly or not at all .
0	there seems to be a lot of good reviews , so good for them .
0	and it is a great premise , the books/dvd are very well done .
0	where it falls short for me is in the actual device .
0	but the major flaw is how it attaches to the guitar .
0	one wonders what would have happened if they had used better materials ?
0	update : figured i 'd post this , maybe it will help others .
0	the biggest fix came in keeping the chord buddy from tilting down .
0	this gives it enough tension so as to not continually flop down .
0	while it now works , i ca n't give a better grade .
0	for this much money , it should work well out of the box .
0	second update : i also picked up a copy of rocksmith .
0	if there was a money back guarantee i would want mine back .
0	pushing on 2 of the buttons deadens the strings next to it .
0	the rubber mounts came off right away and i had to reglue them .
0	i wasted my hard earned money on some one that wants to get rich .
0	shame on you ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	saw this advertised on the show sharks .
0	i thought it was agood idea .
0	i still think its a great idea but i think it needs some more tweaking
0	unfortunately , i was a little disappointed in the product .
0	it is a little flimsey and not that easy to put on and off .
0	and , he really enjoyed the idea , but does not fit his guitar .
0	: ( i guess this is just for junky guitars and not good ones .
0	i hope i get my money back on a return .
0	do n't buy the chord buddy .
0	waste of money and time .
0	if you want to learn how to play guitar , just get lessons .
0	i bought this for my husband and it was an epic failure .
0	it did n't fit his guitar !
0	i totally wasted my money .
0	it is very cheaply made , especially considering its cost .
0	i spent hours of frustration trying to make it work on two different guitars .
0	i contacted the factory twice , neither time receiving any useful information .
0	there should be more rubber feet included in more sizes .
0	i had to shim the bracket out to correct this .
0	this causes some of the feet to be too close to the strings .
0	amazing how his sounds so good on the videos .
0	the one he uses does not look like the one i have though .
0	i 'm a music therapist and wanted an adaptive chord playing tool for clients .
0	i own a standard guitar and it does not fit .
0	it is a waste of money .
0	i wish i was informed specifically what guitars this actually will work on !
0	save yourself the hassle and do not get this product .
0	it did not fit my yamaha guitar - fyi .
0	it 's also pretty cheaply made .
0	i was excited to see this product when it was featured on shark tank .
0	i tried contacting the seller three times for return authorization and got no response .
0	not every successful transaction you see on shark tank is legit .
0	i think they 're going to lose money on this one !
0	i tried several different ways to remedy these problems with no luck .
0	i hope they put in more time to develop the product .
0	the engineering leaves a lot to be desired .
0	in principle , it is a very good idea .
0	if you purchased this product , and are not happy .
0	let the manufacturer know about it .
0	it can be corrected .
0	the knob on the turn screw is also missing .
0	bought this through amazon .
0	any suggestions to this problem .
0	i downloaded it on my windows 10 computer for free and works just fine .
0	last time i checked , it 's still free .
0	the fact that someone is charging anything for it is mind boggling .
0	audacity is a free program .
0	i do n't understand how anyone obtained the rights to profit from it .
0	if i am missing something here i will change my rating .
0	worst buying experience for musical instrument on the internet .
0	let me put it this way .
0	bad , bad , bad !
0	the holes are not aligned with the top part .
0	from f to high c sounds decent .
0	from f to low c ( especially the low c ) , awful !
0	it gave a scratchy sound , more similar to a whistle .
0	do not waste your money on this recorder .
0	it is pretty , but poorly made .
0	ca n't get a clean note out of it to save your life .
0	some of the notes do n't work at all ... nothing but air/no sound .
0	i threw mine in the trash 5 minutes after i bought it .
0	it was n't even worth the time and money to return it .
0	its going to cost me more to fix it then the item cost .
0	music slides around do you ca n't tell which string to pluck .
0	bought as a christmas present for my son .
0	lap harp is impossible to tune and essentially is unusable .
0	when i went to return it today , it was not eligible for return .
0	my son is very disappointed !
0	pretty annoyed i got this out 2 days before christmas to tune .
0	it 's supposed to be the present from santa for my daughter .
0	we have the pick and the extra wire .
0	not easy to follow - i returned .
0	i took years of music lessons and purchased this for music loving granddaughter .
0	came untuned and was impossible to tune .
0	it is a gift - so getting it like that is not acceptable .
0	not tuned right , and no instructions of how to tune it .
0	also , no instructions of how to play it .
0	do you pluck one string , or strum it like an auto harp ?
0	also the product says made in mexico right on it !
0	i sent it back .
0	the instrument i received is untunable .
0	the pegs slip as soon as i release the tuning peg .
0	i am a professional musician and very accustomed to tuning instruments like these .
0	i was not really surprised though , due to the inexpensive price tag .
0	and i am a guitar player ... .
0	this instrument is literally garbage .
0	it is not tuned well and very hard to pluck
0	it does n't tune right .
0	two of the tuners wo n't stay put and ca n't be tuned .
0	will be trying to return it .
0	tried to cancel when it came up on email that evening .
0	tolde it was to late .
0	arrived out of tune with no instructions .
0	beware , the harp comes out of tune .
0	even if you slowly try to tune it , the strings break .
0	looks like the harp was never tuned by the company .
0	i will use the harp as a spare , had to buy another one .
0	make sure you have a supply of wire strings , they break very easily .
0	missing all sheets of music , making it useless to teach music .
0	2. the song sheets do not fit well .
0	pro -- it is an interesting conversation piece on the shelf .
0	quality is not that great .
0	impossible to get into tune and stay in tune .
0	but his one is not .
0	i am not a professional musician , but i 'm not uneducated either .
0	i bought mine from a toy store but purchased hers on amazon .
0	fell out of tune .
0	could not get it back .
0	i 'm quite disappointed .
0	the music sheets are fun and he adores picking out tunes .
0	and by long , i mean more than a few songs .
0	i would love this harp if only it would stay in tune .
0	even staying in tune for a day or two would be better .
0	i returned it immediately .
0	you can not tune it and the sound of tinny .
0	do not buy this .
0	many strings are tarnished , too .
0	i thought it might be a fluke so i bought a second one .
0	he broke that one in about half an hour .
0	these headphones are great at first -- but they suffer from a design flaw .
0	both of mine broke .
0	bottom line -- look else ware for headphones .
0	i am on my second set of these headphones .
0	the speakers are second to none but the head band is pure junk .
0	i have no kids in the house so the headphones were never abused .
0	these things are discontinued .
0	when they were in production the srp was $ 149 .
0	you could find these all over the internet and dj shops for $ 90-100 .
0	they are good dj headphones but are made from cheap plastic .
0	i went through 4 pairs of these .
0	$ 129 for a used pair = ripoff !
0	whoever is selling these for $ 379 needs to go see a doctor .
0	the sad thing is someone will buy them .
0	a sucker is born everyday !
0	these headphones did not last 1 year .
0	i 'm a dj and i do alot of gigs .
0	after a few months the joints by the earpiece broke .
0	i taped them up , as the wire was still connected .
0	a few weeks later , during a party , the left side broke .
0	i love the sound , but the build quality sucked .
0	they are pretty heavy for over the ear headphones too .
0	now the padding is starting to crack and chip away .
0	i have to toss these out now .
0	do yourself a favor and buy another set of headphones .
0	plastic parts are made out of cheap , thin , bad quality plastic .
0	universal joint ( swivel ) broke after short use of headphones .
0	can not use headphones .
0	but the sound was good .
0	the sound from these headphones is great .
0	they have good bass without muddiness and good high range as well as volume .
0	the sound isolation is decent , but not great .
0	sony should redesign these headphones .
0	this product is garbage .
0	bought a pair and the left earcup t-bone snapped after 1 month of usage .
0	do n't waste your money on these .
0	purchase the technics rp-dh1200 - dj headphones .
0	the mdrv700 left ear piece stopped working entirely within 60 days .
0	here 's my review breakdown : general sound : is this a joke ?
0	the base overpowered everything and made my mids and highs sound muffled and lost .
0	to suggest that these headphones were made for dj 's is laughable .
0	they would never hold up to professional use .
0	i had mine only a few weeks before they began developing cracks .
0	what a shame sony paired first-rate electronics with a dollar store-quality plastic frame .
0	they looked so sturdy .
0	they sound pretty good .
0	i could hear something cracking but i could n't see where the crack was .
0	i 'm glad i only paid $ 40 us
0	the rating of two stars is probably just about right .
0	especially troublesome is the funky off/on switch .
0	it needs a light indicator .
0	i 'd search for other mikes .
0	do your research before you buy these .
0	never again will i buy sony headphones .
0	a much lesser secondary problem is it requires an aa battery .
0	bought this to use with my minidisc recorder from like 8 years ago .
0	just buy a shure sm57/sm58 and 1/4 to 1/8 adapter .
0	they 're really hit or miss depending on what you listen to .
0	but these are not worth $ 90 .
0	they literally crush your ears .
0	also , the swivel cup design on these is poorly executed .
0	it totally did n't look like it would last .
0	these have been my main headphones for years .
0	the sound quality is ok. the problem is they are _extremely_ uncomfortable .
0	you have to keep shifting them around to make them more comfortable .
0	the top band is heavy and hard .
0	the construction on these is n't amazing either .
0	they are pretty creaky .
0	and with all that , they are way overpriced .
0	i have n't tried any other dj headphones .
0	recently i decided that enough was enough and i needed something more comfortable .
0	and actually , they isolate sound better too .
0	the first few months of owning these headphones they were great !
0	but after that they decided to blow on me .
0	a few of my friends have had the same model and the same problem .
0	i wo n't buy these ever again .
0	iam a musician and i desperately wanted a good microphone .
0	the gain on this mic is horrible .
0	on the minuses , this thing is bulky and super heavy .
0	had these for a few years and sounded nice .
0	it 's a bit heavy .
0	then , the plastic cracked where the swivel is .
0	made of cheap plastic .
0	i agree with the previous review .
0	i would like to add a few things though .
0	the ear pads also cracked / flaked off shortly after the hinges gave way .
0	the hinge is delicate and virtually impossible to fix by hand .
0	or some other higher quality sennheisers .
0	por favor , necesito que se me tramite el credito .
0	mine broke in 4 different places !
0	they do n't even cancel noise very well !
0	why then do you see all the big djs with these headphones you ask ?
0	they sound great , look great , and do n't crack after three months .
0	there is no doubt that these look and sound good .
0	i treat my equipment w/ kid gloves .
0	the design is defective , and they will break on you !
0	stay clear of this garbage , and do n't be fooled by the looks .
0	i upgraded from the standard issue ipod earbuds .
0	the plastic on the hinge/swivel device is completely inadequate for its purpose .
0	mine lasted only about a month .
0	the sound still sounds fine , but the swivels are in shambles .
0	dont buy these if you want them for longer than a couple of months .
0	for the price , the longevity of these is a shame .
0	revised : 2/5 stars for me
0	this is typical of sony 's disregard for customers ' concerns .
0	they would n't honor their own parts-only warranty , either .
0	i 've been boycotting sony ever since - and you should , too !
0	who makes good headphones ?
0	their customer service is superb !
0	... on the right ear cup after the first week .
0	these headphones would be pretty good if the construction was n't so shoddy .
0	these are n't cheap either at $ 90 .
0	the bass is really heavy on these .
0	the build quality is not that great .
0	i think they look really cool .
0	these are designed for dj 's .
0	the sennheiser hd600 ( $ 260 ) are some of the best around .
0	sony headphones are notorious for the ear pads falling apart .
0	always listen before you buy , everyone has different preferences in sound .
0	i picked up an old stereo receiver for $ 30 .
0	i have had them for only one year , and the cable has broken .
0	the sound , while good , was not worth the extra cash .
0	the headphones you want are the $ 75 ones made by sennheiser .
0	amazon.com carries them , so get them instead !
0	there is an inherent flaw in the quality of the construction .
0	do yourself a favor and invest your money in a product that will last !
0	a year ago , i purchase this exact product that was made in japan .
0	right now , they are made in the philippines .
0	i only knew this after purchasing one unit days ago .
0	the current model sounded so inferior .
0	without comparison , everything stands acceptable .
0	zero complaints on that .
0	the comfort took some getting used to .
0	the problem is on the plastic joints .
0	the real problem here is that they have lots of tiny plastic joints .
0	i do not recommend these..
0	this is probably built into the design .
0	this happened to me after just over one year of light use
0	do the right thing , do n't buy these !
0	you 'll be happy you listened to my advice !
0	i just broke my second pair of these headphones .
0	i will never buy another pair of sony v700s again .
0	i also wear glasses and can only comfortably use them for 5-10 minutes .
0	neither set lasted longer than a year and a half .
0	i would recomend sennheiser 280 , technics 1200 , or the pioneers over these .
0	if you must go with sonys go with the 7506s .
0	not as loud but much more durable as well as comfortable .
0	this flute does n't have correct tones .
0	do n't waste your money
0	i believe so is off key
0	oh god my ears ...
0	hard to get all the notes to play .
0	i bought it for my grandchild and hoped it would be a better quality .
0	dont buy this if you value your safety .
0	use only if you have a good purpose for it , not for fun .
0	they are extremely powerful .
0	like magneto , they should be avoided .
0	sound is not what i expected
0	i found the recorder to be of low quality and poor tone .
0	i am returning it .
0	i am not that musical .
0	played clarinet many years ago but ca n't hit any notes on this .
0	my three year old grandson loves blowing on it though .
0	i bought this for my son who will use it at school .
0	this recorder does not have correct tones .
0	its fa and sol are completely off .
0	i have to purchase another one but it wo n't be a yamaha .
0	it seems to me everyone got exceptional instrument except me .
0	i do n't understand what 's so great about this guitar .
0	action is just horrible .
0	i mean , look at 12 fret its 10 millimeters .
0	of course , you can play on this guitar , i do .
0	but it 's hard .
0	i suppose , one should n't expect much from $ 100 dollars instrument .
0	but i repeat , it 's not great .
0	now about bass strings .
0	they sound bassy , as i suppose , they must .
0	but the thing is their bassines overpower trebles .
0	trebles sound unproportionally weak .
0	and yes , yes .
0	but action on this instrument still kills my fingers .
0	i will send it back , and buy myself inexpensive spanish brand .
0	the package was also not insulated well and the cover comes off .
0	i purchased this for my husbands birthday so this was hugely disappointing .
0	i bought this for my husband as a birthday present .
0	the neck of the guitar was completely broken off .
0	i 'm very upset that his gift was broken and has to be returned .
0	i first played the c40 last year .
0	it was a great guitar for the money .
0	i ordered one last month .
0	to my dismay , i noticed that the new c40 was manufactured much differently .
0	apparently , the quality has gone way down .
0	not much tonal quality .
0	perhaps this was a bad factory run , but i was disappointed .
0	this played like a different guitar .
0	cheap plastic strings ... two tuning pegs do n't work .
0	spend a lil cash and get something good .
0	yamaha is a good brand.. just not this line .
0	i own several yamaha musical instruments .
0	also , it could not be played in tune-i.e .
0	the fret/nut/bridge alignment was off .
0	i suppose this is typical for a $ 100 entry level guitar .
0	perhaps i got a bad one .
0	the classical guitar has to be made of wood .
0	well do not do it !
0	because i doubt you will learn it ever .
0	first of all buy the real spanish guitar .
0	spanish guitars , even the cheapest made toward sound , not toward look .
0	it is like a car that make only left turn .
0	listen to the actual instrument .
0	if you like the sound take it !
0	these little beat-box programs are only toys .
0	i was so excited about this for my little ones .
0	everyone in the room got sick and we had to take it outside immediately .
0	returning it and actually so upset about it i am writing reviews everywhere .
0	most seemed very favorable .
0	she also noticed that it won a dr. toy award .
0	each key had approximately 1 inch of movement in all directions .
0	the piano arrived broken .
0	one of the keys is completely inoperable .
0	the music rest had been broken off and is no longer functional .
0	do n't understand why it cuts out and comes back ?
0	good retailer - no issue there .
0	ah , but monster has a lifetime warranty , you say ?
0	then i requested an ra number for my address .
0	monster wo n't deliver to a box , only a real street address .
0	no , i 'd have to pay the postage .
0	last monster product i buy , and i told them that .
0	okay , but what about attracting and keeping paying customers ?
0	i found it while trying to find their contact and warranty info .
0	save some bucks and do n't pay for hype .
0	the magix customer support was not able to offer a solution .
0	the program only supports a few drives .
0	later plextors made in the last year are not supported .
0	hp drives are the only later model drives that are supported .
0	had to move many of the markers to the correct location .
0	buzz box ... .punted it .
0	as a professional keyboard player , i have used many sustain pedals .
0	many are unreliable , even the more expensive ones .
0	i have attempted online remedies to no effect .
0	it has unfortunately been too long since my original purchase to return the item .
0	the fc5 is not compatible with casio wk-210 .
0	sustained notes when not pressed .
0	i tried all suggestions in the reviews and nothing helped .
0	going to return it .
0	tried unplugging it and plugging it back in .
0	i tried literally anything but it did n't work .
0	does n't work with casio ctk-2400 .
0	the sustain does the opposite of what you want when connected .
0	ca n't adjust the polarity like other models out there .
0	it needs to be normally open .
0	this is not an electronic or programming issue with the keyboard .
0	it is simply a mechanical problem .
0	i 'm going to modify it by inverting the switch .
0	it is not worth the trouble to return it to amazon .
0	it is a chance i took when i purchased it .
0	yamaha is a good brand , but not the right pedal .
0	i can fix this .
0	wo n't work for guitar !
0	description does n't say that !
0	nicely made pedal but it is not compatible with our casio digital keyboard .
0	( sustains when just plugged in and stops when you press the pedal ) .
0	should say what brands this works with as it implies it works with all .
0	does n't work and seller wo n't accept a return .
0	i am using yamaha pedals for all my keyboards .
0	this one is a disappointment .
0	i tried all the tricks others suggested .
0	does n't seem to be what i needed .
0	read reviews which showed many , many others folks were having similar problems .
0	i should have read reviews first : ( very unhappy with the item
0	i 've just set it aside , worthless
0	i wish that i had known that before ordering that sustain foot pedal .
0	nice , solid pedal with the unfortunate lack of a physical polarity switch .
0	i can confirm that it functions opposite than it should ( i.e .
0	be advised : this sustain pedal does not have a polarity switch .
0	so the reverse of the sustain may happen , depending on your keyboard .
0	yes , i tried several online remedies , however , to now avail .
0	the pedal was in good shape and looked brand new .
0	however , the functions were reversed .
0	it would sustain without me pushing down on it .
0	was n't what i expected
0	i have to press the pedal down to stop .
0	not happy , would n't recommend it .
0	i wish i would have saved the box so i could 've returned it .
0	it holds notes a long time without it being pressed down on ,
0	do n't waste your time buying this .
0	it always was up = sustain , and down = off .
0	yamaha makes great stuff .
0	it worked great the first 2 days i had it .
0	but that only lasted about a week .
0	now the pedal does n't even work ! ! ! !
0	so i would just spend the extra money and buy the more exspencive pedal .
0	ridiculous that this is not mentioned in the product description .
0	sustain pedal sticks even with the screws loosened .
0	not compatible with my brand new korg krome !
0	i 'll stick with livewire pedals .
0	less money and compatible with all my keyboards .
0	would give it more stars but it quit working .
0	i only had it about a month or less and it stopped working .
0	anyone have any ideas how to fix it ?
0	plugged this into the yamaha ypg 235 and nothing happens .
0	it simply does n't work .
0	no sustain with pedal pressed or released .
0	absolutely no instructions or documentation came with the pedal .
0	did not work for my casio 3200
0	first time i ordered this sustain pedal , it did not function properly .
0	pressing the pedal ended the sound .
0	so i returned this one and got a replacement .
0	this really surprises me coming from yamaha .
0	had to return this one .
0	some pedals have a reverse polarity switch - this pedal does not .
0	just what i wanted -- works great
0	it 's also very bulky and does n't travel well for gigs .
0	works great , as good or better than the original and much less expensive
0	we followed instructions , but it did n't work .
0	had to return it back .
0	does not work with guitar gear , only keyboards .
0	this is an original yamaha product .
0	the foot pedal seemed to be reversed .
0	i 'm using this with mainstage 3 via an akai mpk249 .
0	the good : feels sturdy , mechanics are smooth .
0	i 'll have to return it and give the moog expression pedal a try .
0	or you may have better results with a better pedal .
0	positives : it 's well-made and durable .
0	it did n't work ! ! !
0	cheaply constructed- not worthy to be offered on amazon
0	the pedal is reversed .
0	did not fit keyboard .
0	can i still return it ?
0	did n't work at all
0	i have a casio ctk-601 and this did work in reverse .
0	i tried all the tricks people were saying the comments i.e .
0	and none of those worked .
0	so i ended up rewiring it by switching the two copper connections .
0	this ended up not working and required rotating the wiring towards the spring .
0	is the casio ctk-601 just not supported ?
0	aside from those issues the pedal itself seems of good build quality .
0	this pedal works the opposite of normal pedals .
0	it sustains when left alone , and is staccato when pressed .
0	it 's a very important and fairly rudimentary thing to get right .
0	i 'd give zero stars if it were possible .
0	i used it at one gig , worked fine .
0	it simply stopped working .
0	it also moves around in the floor .
0	i much rather prefer other kinds of pedals that feel like real piano pedals .
0	it may only work with a yamaha keyboard .
0	most foot switches have a `` normally open '' set of contact .
0	that is to say ; when you step on the switch the contacts close .
0	this foot switch is the opposite .
0	the sounds did n't trigger until the press was released .
0	so you 'd have to press , then release to get your sound .
0	definitely not good for that usage .
0	does not work - i need to return it .
0	not sure what is wrong with it but does not work .
0	i hooked this up to my novation remote sl as an expression pedal .
0	maybe this is how piano volume pedals are supposed to work ?
0	quick fade-in , and then refined motion to get the volume working ?
0	this is not a volume control pedal .
0	i bought this to use with my keyboard .
0	i was n't really aware that there were other options for keyboard pedals .
0	does n't have the same feel either .
0	i should have sent it back .
0	i prefer the expression volume pedal to increase volume going down not up .
0	i have not used it because of that reason
0	hands down , the m-audio is the pedal i would recommend .
0	it is in the box to be returned .
0	i bought a second one thinking that the first one was a defective fluke .
0	in frustration i threw them both away and bought a kurzweil .
0	now jump 20+ years forward .
0	so , i gave yamaha another chance and bought yet another fc7 .
0	same outcome , i.e. , it does n't work .
0	conclusion : do n't waste your time or your money .
0	spend $ 20 more and get a pedal from another manufacturer .
0	but that was n't the case .
0	this is very frustrating .
0	i now have to learn all my pieces using the pedal backwards .
0	do n't get me wrong , it sounds great .
0	keep that in mind if you do n't own a yamaha product .
0	this pedal works fine , it came standard with my yamaha dgx620 .
0	as i use it on carpet , it slides around way too much .
0	i do n't recommend this pedal for use with any casio keyboard .
0	it sustains every note unless the pedal is depressed .
0	if you buy it for a casio , expect to have to return it .
0	i guess i ordered the wrong one .
0	i have a sharper image keyboard and the pedal does not work .
0	thank you for the prompt service .
0	i ca n't rate the item because its does n't work .
0	i am pleased with all the other items i have purchased from you
0	the user 's manual is of no use and nothing seems to make sense .
0	there is seemingly nothing intuitive about this program at all .
0	perhaps once i have figured it out , i will feel differently .
0	but for now i am simply frustrated .
0	i think i was wrong .
0	i have downloaded trial versions of other cakewalk products and sonic foundry programs .
0	they seemed to work fine .
0	so why is this program so rotten ?
0	but i have tons of memory !
0	hopefully in time , this will change .
0	but i think you 're money would be better spent elsewhere .
0	maybe this is why cakewalk does n't have a demo version on the site .
0	i received my edition of home studio 2002 and it stinks ! !
0	the owner 's manual is terrible , it does n't explain anything .
0	the online help manual is n't any better .
0	( cakewalk will not return any merchandise once it 's open )
0	especially with the kodak zi8 .
0	this device does not work .
0	do not waste your money .
0	if a additional add-on microphone is not powered it will not work .
0	the genuine article can sometimes be purchased for as low as $ 35 .
0	despite being a fake , it does work and it is indeed stereo .
0	it does n't sound nearly as full as the genuine article though .
0	amazon should not allow the sale of this product .
0	does n't seem to work .
0	not sure what i am doing wrong .
0	our box also arrived taped up , with no external protective packaging .
0	the casio customer service number referred me to a parts replacement number .
0	the parts replacement number referred me to a local parts distributor .
0	this has been one big hassle .
0	it does n't work with digital piano .
0	however , it works fine if you touch the keys very gently .
0	so maybe it 's good for keyboard .
0	that is not true .
0	i got this stand with my casio wk-110 .
0	it was easy to assemble .
0	i even went so far as using an office chair to raise me up .
0	not all americans are 6 feet tall !
0	i 'm not a tall person , but neither am i a dwarf .
0	when set to its lowest setting , it was perfect for me .
0	they were missing in action as were the assembly instructions .
0	after assembly it was sturdy enough but assembly instructions would have been nice .
0	all in all a disappointing experience .
0	so amazon shipped this to me .
0	mine , thankfully , came with all the pieces .
0	but , in usage , it 's not too great for my keyboard .
0	1. the stand 's lowest height is too high for the casio px110 .
0	2. it 's a major pain to adjust the height .
0	( this annoys me the most . )
0	( as well as buying a bench . )
0	the original keyboard stand was missing a piece and had to be replaced .
0	the directions for assembly are visual , with very few written directions .
0	the good : it is cheap and it is ( fairly ) functional .
0	the ugly : the instructions are a joke and not at all clear .
0	it `` locks '' into place , and is not easily folded or adjustable .
0	i was not a happy camper when i discovered this .
0	this stand is worthless !
0	i finally wound up throwing the whole thing in the trash !
0	do n't waste your time and effort !
0	i would not recommend this item ... .not a very good track record .
0	save yourself the hassle and go by a decent stand at best buy .
0	this product is only approved for casio keyboards .
0	and only like three of those .
0	wish i would have known before hand !
0	the first one of these stands came without screws !
0	the second came without a leg !
0	yet months later it is still available here .
0	if you did order it , look for the screws in the screw holes .
0	that does n't mean they wo n't be missing half the time though .
0	do n't buy this stand !
0	i guess i should have read the reviews before purchasing .
0	the stand arrived via ups in very poor condition and the screws were missing .
0	i returned it and another was sent to me from amazon .
0	for the very first time , i am dissatisfied with amazon.com !
0	i had to repack it and return it to amazon .
0	what a waste of time .
0	no screws means it is not good .
0	i hope it will all be resolved by the manufacturer or amazon .
0	as with others the stand arrived ready to fall out of the box .
0	good luck if you purchase this .
0	we 've tried to contact casio and they do n't respond .
0	now i see that other people have had the same problem .
0	what 's up with casio ?
0	why did i think my order would be different ?
0	it was missing all the hardware except the allen wrench .
0	a complete waste of time and effort .
0	do not order this stand .
0	i had more faith in amazon than i should have !
0	after reading the bad reviews i still ordered the stand .
0	i got it today without any screws or plastic grippers .
0	i do n't even know what those are ! !
0	i would advise against this product .
0	this box came without the screws needed for assembly .
0	all they said was no , you are out of luck .
0	they do not stand behind their product .
0	although advertised as ad-1 i actually received ad-1ul .
0	the plug would not fit my casio keyboard .
0	i spliced in a different plug and it now works .
0	screen and it 's bigger without the camera and the stupid little speakers .
0	i should have listened to the advice from [ other customers ] .
0	you really ca n't hear your voice thru the speakers .
0	what 's the point of a karaoke if you ca n't hear your voice .
0	it 's just an expensive cd player .
0	this is going back ! !
0	what a ... disappointment .
0	have n't received it yet .
0	bought this cable from amazon and after two days it complitely stoped working .
0	verified with other cable and it was no problem at all .
0	thumbs down on this fender vintage volt tweed 10 ft cable .
0	i find it mostly disfunctional
0	missing pop filter and windscreen .
0	tried with a variety of midi devices that work with other quality cables .
0	this is garbage like most products on amazon , a waste of time .
0	cable stop working after a month , bogus cable .
0	seriously , stiff cables are the worst .
0	these things just do not last ...
0	it 's horible wo n't stay close with duct tape
0	does not work with iphone
0	the connector on the female end which connects to the microphone is very loose !
0	2 out of 2 units i bought are loose like this .
0	was not working correctly .
0	it does not fit my expectations
0	only the left side got recorded and was audible .
0	these cables are incredibly microphonic .
0	this item is terrible !
0	i hate it so much .
0	is n't a microphone soppose to make u louder ?
0	i could just hear myself talking , but not with a loud voice .
0	it did n't even work !
0	do n't buy one of these ever !
0	i use several microphones for recording audio training courses .
0	i usually use a usb connection to a laptop or desktop for recording .
0	two years ago , i bought this one because of it 's jack .
0	it now sits in a drawer in my office .
0	the mic had clearly been used before .
0	the signal cuts in and out for live and studio recording .
0	hardly picks up the sound through the mic input port on the laptop .
0	tried 2 laptops , this mic simply sucks
0	i 've checked my sound drivers , and not even asio4all could change anything .
0	mega cheap imported cables from china .
0	the connectors are flimsy nickle finish - will oxidize in time .
0	past return date : - ( so ill put it in the recycling bin .
0	will buy from another brand
0	what can i say .
0	just does n't work .
0	only 1 cable arrived .
0	item title says it is a pack of 10 , 3 feet cables ...
0	stop working after 2nd use
0	do n't waste you time or money , just move on ...
0	well you get what you pay for with this item .
0	i had a gift card so it was kindof a waste .
0	i have a computer mic that does much better .
0	definetly need to pay more than 18 bucks for a mic .
0	30 to 40 will be the better kinds .
0	okay , commence complete deflation of hope for this thing to work .
0	sometimes cheap really is just cheap .
0	anything is worth more than this .
0	there is a hum in all recordings .
0	not usable in my macbook pro
0	very good midi cable , for the price .
0	no lag with the data transmission .
0	but it took forever to be delivered .
0	although the cable functions , i am not happy with the quality .
0	i tried to force the rubber piece into the connector but was unable to .
0	bad quality and not what i expected
0	at first glance it was just what i needed .
0	a bit disappointed in the cable quality - it 's pretty thin .
0	but i figured it would work for what i needed .
0	seriously , wth ? ! ?
0	bottom line : yes , it works half-assed .
0	hosa makes some good products , just not this one ...
0	very bad xlr `` made in chaina ''
0	the 1-foot cable is not one foot .
0	they count the length of the xlr connector and strain relief .
0	the cable itself is only 9 '' .
0	trying to troubleshoot it .
0	not sure if its my camera or the cable .
0	did not work had a short was forced to purchase another .
0	it feels like a cheaply made product , and i really regret buying it .
0	condenser microphone is not compatible
0	i needed 12 '' of cable but only received 7 '' of cable .
0	its not up to 5ft ! !
0	apart from that it works perfectly ... . length is a real bummer tho
0	junk ... not shielded .
0	picks up every bit of interference .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	spend the money for a brand-name version .
0	it maight not reach the mic imput on the camera .
0	i mean it does on mine , but it amos do n't .
0	otherwise it does the work well .
0	added a terrible white noise due to it 's poor construction .
0	it 's okay but it loses connection sometimes .
0	couild n't get it to work at all
0	i 'm not getting any sound what so ever .
0	did n't work , sadly .
0	no sound came out .
0	tried multiple mics to no avail .
0	this cable will not work or do that .
0	will not work on sony frd-ax33 4k camera with the shotgun mic i have
0	its not the advertised product , its some other cable man this some bs
0	these short out at the end easily .
0	had to buy a second .
0	apparently this does not work .
0	the polarity is not the correct one for use with an dslr .
0	just kept anyways to see if i can use for another application .
0	it came in an open package not working .
0	it transmitted the sound adequately .
0	i bought this to connect my audio technica at2020 xlr to my pc .
0	i got it plugged it in and it is not working .
0	did n't work well at all .
0	i should 've read the reviews .
0	my cord was also bent and i have a lot of static .
0	cheap and useless never got it to worck
0	i purchased this cable because of the five-star rating it had .
0	i counted 14 places where the rubber had melted into a neighboring loop .
0	you get what you pay for on this product .
0	i connected it to my microphone when i got it to test it out .
0	the female end of the xlr wo n't unplug from my microphone .
0	it 's literally stuck .
0	the 1/4 jack plug is a bit narrow .
0	of course..i had already thrown away the packaging ... ... ... ..sigh
0	worked great until one channel went out after about half a dozen audio assignments .
0	i carry this in a backpack and it 's been treated gently .
0	terrible noise in wiring , sounded as if someone made this themselves .
0	can not use and did not send back because i threw away the package .
0	do not buy this cable .
0	there was a large amount of noise maybe from false wiring > ? ? ?
0	but i took apart the xlr connector and clipped the red wire .
0	it worked perfectly only on the left channel tho .
0	stay away from this product !
0	i am quite disappointed by this change .
0	making their products cheaper with harmful materials is not acceptable .
0	as of february 27 , 2015 , this is the picture of the package :
0	the product itself works .
0	but the item was previously opened .
0	the plastic casing was cut with a knife from both sides .
0	the other blue cable box is brand new .
0	i 'm certainly disappointed with this purchase .
0	so that 's a problem .
0	0/10 would not buy again .
0	i did n't even have to open it - it just slid out .
0	it was as if someone had opened it with a box cutter .
0	needless to saw the product did not work at all .
0	i went to a local guitar center and bought another .
0	this time it was closed and the back matched the product .
0	lo and behold , it worked .
0	save yourself the time and just go to a local guitar store .
0	it just does n't work .
0	i did n't even bother returning it .
0	what a waste of money .
0	ok , so i bought this without thinking .
0	a simple mic cord .
0	but ... it did n't work .
0	just flat out would n't work .
0	so , i sent it back for replacement and amazon delivered .
0	second one arrived ... and did n't work .
0	not only did it not work , but the package had been opened before .
0	think i 'll stop by radio shack or something .
0	can not recommend this product .
0	it worked reasonably well with dynamic mics , but at a much lower level .
0	a sennheiser wireless mic setup did not work ... just a lot of noise .
0	however , it is n't a universal fix .
0	it create too much interference with wireless connections close by .
0	i was disappointed in this product .
0	only when i used this connected did the audio turn out poor .
0	simply did n't work .
0	this was new and sealed in a plastic bubble package .
0	i tested it and there was n't any sound .
0	my mic works fine with a longer cable and 3.5mm adapter .
0	the only audio with this hosa cable was static .
0	it also seems poorly constructed with too much movement when it is connected .
0	i will be returning it for a refund
0	if you 're a pro musician , spend the money on quality cables .
0	i only use this maybe once a week for my home karaoke setup .
0	the only way this is 1 ft. is if you count the plug itself .
0	the cord is 9 inches , including the part wrapped in tape .
0	here you go have a broken wire ! ! !
0	i bought two of these .
0	not too hip on the angle either or the metal color .
0	they look kind of ugly .
0	it was n't what i was even looking for .
0	it sucked that the cord was only a foot long too .
0	one of the two cables was defective .
0	that 's good enough for one star .
0	wo n't work going from xlr mic to 1/4 inch amplifier .
0	the actual wire is under 8 '' long itself .
0	the item only works when plugged in a certain direction .
0	the build quality seems good but my cable was defective .
0	i swapped out a cable from a friend and the mic recorded just fine .
0	amazon processed my refund very quickly though which was great .
0	stopped working after one use
0	none of the recordings i attempted were salvageable .
0	i 've never had so much noise in a cable before !
0	my intention was to run a shotgun mic into my dslr .
0	the cable was the problem .
0	this cable was defective on arrival .
0	could not receive sound through this cable .
0	replaced this cable with another cable from another source which worked fine .
0	i use my canon vixia hfr20 to film a web series .
0	we shoot in hd and typically have good audio quality .
0	all i get is a hum .
0	so bad i may have to re-shoot and do adr putting us behind schedule .
0	if you touch it , it creates a hum .
0	do n't buy this if you are using it for any pro quality project .
0	i have a canon t3i and a rode nt1-a mic .
0	this product did not work for me .
0	i had to send it back .
0	i ordered two if these .
0	neither worked with my karaoke machine .
0	i bought a couple from a local store and they worked great .
0	only hear noise from the recorder .
0	who whould have thought a stereo mini plug to xlr adapter would have worked ?
0	xlr does not support stereo .
0	i wasted my mony on this one .
0	however shipping was extreamly fast ! ! ! !
0	went to guitar center to get an actual adapter that works fine .
0	this product was defective .
0	it looks good , but did not work .
0	i would n't buy them again .
0	stopped working after second time using .
0	i had minimal use on this cable and it lasted about two weeks .
0	initially , i was happy with this .
0	worked well , looked and sounded good .
0	i really liked the velcro wrap .
0	it worked time to time , so i have to return it .
0	ordered two of these because the price was great and the reviews were good .
0	one cable was d.o.a ... the other lasted a few hours .
0	both ended up with intermittent faults .
0	this sounds bit smaller than expected for this price
0	hope that guy ( or girl ) enjoyed their drinks .
0	bends easily and kinks easily
0	cable is good but did not last me very long .
0	arrived 2 days early with free shipping options ... very awesome .
0	no issues out of the box .
0	very staticky with the slightest movement .
0	cord seems to only intermittently conduct a signal .
0	received delivery november 13th .
0	on december 13th the cable failed becoming intermittent .
0	so i decided to `` take it apart '' .
0	it seemed to be intermittent at the right-angle connector .
0	i 'm kind of on the fence now about hosa cables .
0	purchased 4 , 1 still works .
0	broke after either 1 or two uses .
0	did not give it to my son until about 3 weeks after ordering .
0	it was a gift for him .
0	sad , sad , sad .
0	ddo n't waste your money on this cable brand .
0	i would consider other brands .
0	this one seemed like a good deal , so i ordered it .
0	i would not order this again .
0	quality wise , this cable is great .
0	heavy-duty , well made , no issues there .
0	it 's constantly twisting up and it 's incredibly annoying .
0	it looks awful when it 's all twisted all over my floor .
0	it 's wo n't roll up nicely at all .
0	if not , stick with the `` rubber '' style cables .
0	two stars = i do n't like it .
0	seriously terrible cable , but super inexpensive sooooo ... ..still bad cable .
0	it was really disappointing having a brand new cable work so poorly .
0	it was also much more lightweight than most decent cables and generally felt cheap .
0	the cable hisses , crackles and pops right out of the package .
0	save your money and buy a better cable .
0	i would definitely not buy this product again or recommend it to anyone else .
0	broke on the first day from normal use .
0	bought this years ago .
0	cable crackles when plug in jack is moved .
0	gls brand purchased at same time works flawlessly in comparison .
0	i would recommend the gls product over the hosa product .
0	the cable appears well made , except for one of the ends .
0	disappointed by what i know should be a superb product .
0	i really like the look and feel of this cable .
0	it came in one day which was a big plus .
0	crack , pop , every time i moved potentially damaging my amp speaker .
0	both of my other goto cables seated perfectly .
0	i double checked to be sure .
0	not sure if it was a bad cable or bad design .
0	very sad this did n't work out .
0	beware of this cord .
0	just had to post my 2 cents worth .
0	shows a regular 1/4 in .
0	plug but is not .
0	they say it is 10 ft. long but was only 5 ft .
0	apparently harder than i thought .
0	it 's way too noisy on a low-level input .
0	`` hosa '' is a good name for it .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	i would n't waste my money on them .
0	also the metal sleeve around the jack keeps coming loose .
0	same price range as a monster cable without the monster warranty
0	it did not work so it is useless to me .
0	stopped working after light use within a month .
0	looks cool but lasted for only 6 months of moderate non gigging use .
0	i could n't tell any difference on sound .
0	not durable at all .
0	improperly grounded causing a horrible buzz unless touched .
0	i checked against another cable and sure enough this one is defective .
0	cord broke with a month of owning
0	worked for about a month .
0	plug ends unscrew easily and now any bend to the wire cuts the signal .
0	the cable hardly lasted a month before needing fixed .
0	we 've had two break .
0	knew i should 've gone with the fender one .
0	this cable lasted less then a week before it did n't work at all .
0	have n't even had a month and it 's already shorting out on me .
0	i play 3-5 hrs .
0	the right angle male end came completely apart .
0	checked warranty and it was 30 days .
0	utter and complete junk .
0	do n't make the same mistake i did .
0	this was in my music room , not gigging .
0	now it does n't make any sound at all : (
0	due to the failure of the product the show had to be canceled .
0	not only were we disappointed but all of her fans were as well .
0	returned it , very noisy cable .
0	cord was damaged upon arrival .
0	amp to guitar connection works perfectly with other input cables .
0	do not recommend this product .
0	i 've been very happy with hosa cables i 've purchased .
0	this is definitely a quality cable .
0	since most midi cables use english units of length , this is misleading .
0	so `` buyer beware '' applies here .
0	fulfillment was by j & r music world .
0	i need a pair of midi cables that are 1 foot or less . )
0	five stars to them for prompt no-hassle service .
0	i wish amazon would correct this product listing .
0	i ordered this cable , but it was out of stock .
0	i can not comment further on it since it never arrived .
0	once i bought it , it broke not even a month after owning it .
0	it worked well while it worked .
0	unfortunately , that was only for 6 months .
0	of course it 's too late to get a replacement or refund .
0	we 'll look for a different brand now .
0	suggest avoiding this one .
0	i works fine , but it also picks up radio signals !
0	you can play along with all your favorites while having this baby plugged in .
0	i could barely even tell my chords apart .
0	hardly picks up my guitar and is way too sensitive .
0	this broke very easily , within months .
0	i do not like it
0	did n't work out of the box .
0	the end connectors were loose and the cables are thin .
0	no sound from the guitar .
0	spend a few dollars and get a reputable brand .
0	glad i did n't bring these to a gig .
0	luckily i can return easily with amazon .
0	the sound cuts in and out while playing and occasionally has popping and hissing .
0	the jack fell apart and got stuck in the brand new guitar ! !
0	had to go buy one local.. not happy : (
0	time window closed to return it couple days ago .
0	used with teacher at our home , we do not transport it .
0	seller was good , product not so much .
0	have to constantly fiddle with cable to keep it working .
0	not very satisfied but it could be worse .
0	connections must not be very tight .
0	had to do surgery on both cables i bought the first day .
0	the sound keeps cutting off in the middle of me playing .
0	used a couple times and no longer sends signal
0	this item did not work .
0	the audio was very distorted and full of static
0	it 's not even half as good as you think it would be .
0	the sound output makes it seem like you 're playing from a blown speaker .
0	if you need to combine two signal sources , use a mixer .
0	within 10 min , both the mic connected to the splitter stopped working .
0	as soon as i plug it in it emits a loud buzzing noise .
0	gets louder and quieter as i move the cable around .
0	goes away with another cable .
0	do n't waste your money like i did .
0	sounds terrible , i could n't use em .
0	other cables i 've bought since sound fine with the use strat and amp .
0	junk fall apart in your hand
0	stopped working after less than 5 months of use .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	not a great cable .
0	what a waste of money .
0	wow , i 'm a bit embarrassed .
0	the button pushed through - was never a complete separation ( on/off ) .
0	a signal would still go through occasionally
0	it does n't work to stop hum .
0	ive bought 3 pcs , but it wo n't do any good for me .
0	it 's just a connector .
0	ik know that i wo n't be buying this again though
0	sucked right out of the box .
0	one side was dead .
0	amazon is replacing but i 'm not sure what to expect .
0	does n't fit any beats headset , due to oversized jack jacket .
0	this cable had a short upon delivery .
0	it was discovered by me 3 minutes into using it for the fist time .
0	a very thin and flimsy cable of poor quality .
0	i would recommend spending a few dollars more for something better .
0	doa - poor quality/ defective cable .
0	this hosa add-on item from kmc music inc is ineligible for return or refund .
0	it 's not worth the $ 6 .
0	i 've had great past success with dozens of add-on items purchased from amazon .
0	this hosa cable was my first dud .
0	this cable showed up on my doorstep and let me down right away .
0	these cables are poorly constructed and just not worth the money at all .
0	pay a little more for something that works and lasts .
0	plugged it in and worked once but had a horrible hissing sound .
0	tried it the next day and did n't work .
0	could not get it to work after that .
0	spend a few more bucks and get a better cable .
0	both times ive bought this item its been defective .
0	must be loose or faulty connections inside .
0	this product actually increased the amount of noise when connected to my amp .
0	this item is defective on arrival .
0	it has a short in it so only one channel works i.e .
0	usually this would n't be that big of a deal , right ?
0	kmc music inc says no returns allowed on this item .
0	very disappointed in this product ... not good sound .
0	when testing the left channel , audio played through both channels on the mixer .
0	when testing the right channel , i got the same result .
0	what does this mean ?
0	not an actual stereo cable .
0	the cable still sucks , though , so do n't buy it .
0	it worked fine for a few months then stopped .
0	i suspect the quality is poor .
0	i 'll have to return .
0	adapter did n't work at all , did n't even produce a humming noise .
0	very loose on my mic .
0	they even sent me a second one .
0	shabby , at least the one i got , loose connections , witch revieled
0	cord just stopped working !
0	introduce more noise : (
0	i bought two of these cables and both were defective .
0	amp hums when this cord is plugged in .
0	very poor quality knock-off of a real pomona banana plug .
0	i have less than a month with it and it is working really bad .
0	at the beggining it was nice , but now it 's making noise !
0	mine arrived yesterday and was defective .
0	does n't pass any sound or phantom power .
0	checked on 2 mics .
0	wanted to return but got message `` not eligible for return '' .
0	the cable i received had a terrible buzz from the beginning .
0	judging by other reviews this is the exception , rather than the rule .
0	i will return and replace with different cable .
0	very bad product only use few times
0	product did not work on my pc .
0	was not allowed to return item .
0	tested with multiple cables .
0	no audio whatsoever with this plugged-in .
0	do n't waste your money with this cable .
0	hooked up to any musical equipment it has terrible hissing .
0	not a good product but i guess you get what you pay for .
0	i will just go to the music store and purchase .
0	cable did n't work the very first time .
0	out of the box was already malfunctioning .
0	waste of money and time
0	did n't work as expected
0	purchased 4 of these cables and none of them work .
0	cable is supposed to be stereo and it 's not .
0	sound quality is crap .
0	causes audible background noise even when not playing music .
0	i guess you by cheap , you get cheap results .
0	i would not recommend this as a solution .
0	item did not work .
0	cheap cord that gave out quickly .
0	doesnt work for my application and is not eligible for return .
0	using inbetween a ipod and a amplified pa speaker .
0	appears to feed onlybone channel .
0	cable broke after two uses .
0	input is staticy and warped .
0	stay away from this cable .
0	noisy cable when used for musical instruments
0	constantly cuts in and out , making it near unusable
0	what can you possibly do with this other than what it is good for ?
0	i mean , i ca n't even use it as a paper weight !
0	cables do not connect effective enough to give a great sound .
0	this cord stopped working within a month of purchase .
0	given the good reviews , i expected more .
0	fairly flimsy , skinny gauge .
0	the connectors unscrew very easily so need to be checked before use every time .
0	do n't buy , no return policy .
0	did n't work still humming soind .
0	do n't waste your time/money .
0	yewim giving two stars not for bad product but for not being what i needed
0	the first cable i received would n't transmit vocals properly .
0	the next cable i received had the same issue .
0	time to try something else .
0	unfortunately this switch creates a large pop when switch on or off .
0	it would have only added a very small margin to have done this right .
0	i chose to return it .
0	did n't work when i received it .
0	only received 1 of the 2 i ordered
0	not very well made .
0	i had to buy another within a month .
0	waste of $ 10 .
0	the xlr connection does n't work properly .
0	lots of crackling sounds .
0	i 'm a pro-cheapo and i hated this thing .
0	they 're noisy , and the cables feel really cheap , gummy-like .
0	drop few more bucks and get something else !
0	it worked and then fell apart within a week .
0	and at this point it is not eligible for return .
0	a lot of static and overall shielding is not up to spec
0	did not work at all
0	does n't work properly .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	i am a little disappointed with this cable .
0	i do n't recommend using this cable for control voltage connections .
0	does n't seem to work..maybe a defect or poorly made ?
0	plugged it in and the hum was worse than without it .
0	two thumbs straight down !
0	it has lots of feedback in the sound .
0	port of a guitar amp .
0	i do n't know what cord to get .
0	i must have misread some of the reviews .
0	i understood that this would work .
0	the jack broke after less than a month of light home use .
0	this cable does not work .
0	however , this cable does not work .
0	another cable , purchased elsewhere , works fine for all configurations .
0	package was broken on arrival .
0	i am constantly having noise issues as this wire does not have enough shielding .
0	would not recommend this product to anyone .
0	within a month of having this cable ?
0	worked in the beginning though .
0	bummer to post a bad review but that 's what happened .
0	thats what you get for buying low priced cables
0	there is no sound that comes out .
0	in short , this cable is super shit .
0	i do not like it .
0	only outputs one channel .
0	this is not a true stereo cable .
0	it has all appearances to be one , however it is not .
0	it plugs into the stereo mini-jack port and a standard 1/4 '' plug .
0	( which is why i purchased it in the first place . )
0	what a waste of time and money !
0	how about the entire right channel going into my mixer .
0	i have other cables that split left and right and can tell the difference .
0	what a load of garbage .
0	this will be returned immediately .
0	not doing this again !
0	anybody out there that can tell me why these did n't work ?
0	and also , it was so tight and difficult to dislodge .
0	the product did not work .
0	no signal was not being sent .
0	both had at least one defective connection .
0	i wo n't be ordering more .
0	edit : i bought two more after the success of the first .
0	one did n't work at all .
0	i 'm done buying cheap cables .
0	works like it should .
0	it only lasted a week and i did n't move it around .
0	the sound kept cutting out and yet it was stationary .
0	this cable is pretty awful .
0	only works if you do n't ompletely inert into amp .
0	i tried 4 cords and the same problem .
0	if not you will not get any words .
0	i would not recommend this item .
0	the hosa cable i received broke after one use .
0	i did not stress or abuse it .
0	the wire broke just next to where it was soldered to the lug .
0	i would not expect this to happen so early in use .
0	you get for what you pay .
0	worked a short time .
0	this cord lasted exactly one use .
0	this cable lasted only 6 months .
0	it was never abused and only played at home .
0	buying a decent cable is tough
0	the cable was no good did not even work
0	ordered one , it did not work .
0	returned for replacement , it also does not work .
0	i know why it 's so cheap now .
0	threw it in the trash that moment !
0	do n't waste your money on this thing .
0	unfortunate this did n't work for me .
0	i bought one from radio shack and it works great .
0	no idea why this one did not work .
0	this is a poor quality product that is n't well constructed .
0	typically , i find cheaper cords ( usb , hdmi , etc . )
0	a cord should never break on its first use .
0	maybe i got a cord from a bad batch or something .
0	either way , you should be aware of this problem .
0	i 'm very disappointed .
0	i did n't expect this cable to be so thin .
0	it 's easily 1/2 the thickness of any guitar cable i 've used .
0	not sure about long-term durability or signal loss/interference .
0	still , it works and was inexpensive .
0	edit : 6 months later and it 's dead already .
0	wire frayed at the right angle jack .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	ordered one of these cables and it 's defective right out of the box .
0	probably not worth the trouble returning it .
0	if i had the means to rate this lower , i would .
0	some items actually produced no output at all !
0	can not caution people considering this item enough to reconsider their options .
0	awesome idea , broke within a week : (
0	very crackly and a lot of interference .
0	stopped using it and company wo n't accept the return .
0	hums too noisy ... ...
0	please spend an extra couple dollars and get it from somewhere else .
0	junk did n't do a thing
0	i 'll just go down to radio shack and get the item .
0	the one i have from them works .
0	it 's likely me fault because i do n't understand sound systems .
0	tried a different adapter and it worked fine .
0	i ' l ; use this one as a backup .
0	not worth returning for 7 bucks but i did pay 10 for overnight shipping .
0	throw it in the trash and forget about it .
0	so i ordered the right adapter for my purposes .
0	the rubber seems to be not connected too well to the 'metal ' part .
0	it might be good , but i do n't want to find out .
0	might be good for simple connecting , but i do n't know
0	somehow they seemed to create a hum .
0	maybe it was my system .
0	but it is fine without them .
0	bought this cable for my stereo .
0	highly recommend buying another product if you are looking for high quality .
0	this item was shipped to me as an open package .
0	there is no way of knowing if this is a hosa .
0	i thought this was being shipped by amazon , but was not .
0	i would never order from them again .
0	i tried it in other ports and the result was the same .
0	not a big investment , but definitely a waste of money .
0	thankfully it was only $ 5
0	broke it 's tip into the jack .
0	had to replace the whole port .
0	i got it because my board only has 6 channels with xlr inputs .
0	none of them work .
0	perhaps i got the wrong thing ?
0	sad , i need cut the hum generate by the bass
0	would n't work for me at all
0	do n't buy this .
0	you get what you paid for .
0	unless you want to damaged your expensive equipment .
0	the contact pin broke before i could finish hooking it up .
0	i suggest spending the extra money to buy higher quality adapters .
0	this adapter did not work .
0	do not work as good or as clear as i expected .
0	after three months the switch pushed into the unit and no longer functioned .
0	i 'm going back to a cable with a switch .
0	they last much longer .
0	these cables are terrible .
0	they attenuate the signal .
0	it comes through much quieter and muddy sounding .
0	the same thing happens with the hosa cmp-303 cable .
0	the adapter inserts noise to the sounds , and also atenuates the signal .
0	i do not recommend this adapter .
0	i 'd recommend against this unless you have no other alternative .
0	does not send stereo signal through , only mono .
0	not a great product if you are professionally trying to split a signal
0	sent it back , it did n't suit my purposes .
0	its not useful for my guitar
0	..pc ; fl sounds like distant echo .
0	is not clear or loud thru that cable at all .
0	a waist of my $ $ $ .
0	final soulition was a device called hum-x .
0	everything needed to be pluged into it and cable tv needs a lift also .
0	i canot use it .
0	it brake the fist time i try to use it .
0	very bad quality indeed .
0	new amp , same issues with cables .
0	so went down and bought a 3rd cable and everything now works perfectly .
0	sorry for the low rating , but it is , what it is .
0	thanks for your timely delivery .
0	used this to connect my instrument mic to an lr baggs preamp .
0	the mono has one .
0	as with anything you should immediately test when received .
0	the two new ones were as well defective.. m bellas
0	also no worries about extending the mic or cable run with this long switch .
0	gave up the ghost after a few weeks .
0	ok for light use , probably not worth the buy .
0	do not buy it !
0	wish i had looked at negative reviews before purchase .
0	unfortunately i waited too long to use so too late to send back .
0	you hear it with nothing else plugged into the cable .
0	my audio friend tells me that this happens because the cable is n't balanced .
0	i do not recommend this cable to anyone .
0	this is an absolutely terrible wire !
0	i do n't understand these other reviews that were good ! ! !
0	please do not make this mistake ! !
0	distorts audio through headphone and mixer .
0	created static in the mics and could n't use these .
0	the cable only provides the instrumental and no vocals for me .
0	my guess is it is a faulty cord .
0	excellent splitter , 5 stars !
0	the cable i received was unusable .
0	it sounds very distorted when i plug it into my mixer .
0	i just tossed it .
0	did not work well at all .
0	the cable must be defective because it only produced sound on one channel .
0	used it to plug in my laptop to pa system .
0	sound quality was horrible .
0	it 's not stereo therefor it 's garbage
0	this cable is not good for applications that require shielding .
0	the noise on the cable is at an unacceptable level .
0	this happened to me twice .
0	i bought this to hook up a metronome to an amp .
0	after three short months it already stopped working .
0	i bought 12 , and about 4 of them worked at all .
0	i bought this able to go from my laptop to a headphone amp .
0	the tip of mine is gone .
0	i have no idea what happened to it .
0	i have never seen this kind of damage in an audio plug .
0	causes horrible noise and distortion .
0	not happy at all .
0	this makes the 5th and the last hosa i will ever buy
0	the result was unpleasant .
0	overly long but i should have known .
0	very weak cable it broke after a couple of uses with my silent violin ,
0	the wire did not work properly .
0	there was a lot of background noise , not good clean sound .
0	i do n't think it was due to my components
0	not a very good sound
0	useless mic that have no on/off switch .
0	dont waste your money on it .
0	the pick up way too much sound around them .
0	does not work , possibly defective .
0	tried with multiple speakers/sources .
0	i would not recommend buying this cord .
0	this is the third time i 've ordered this cable .
0	the third one was messed up from the beginning .
0	one of the xlr male connectors was bent inside the metal housing .
0	the packaging was fine .
0	always test you cables before you have to use them .
0	i did n't and it cost me .
0	these mic are not that great .
0	yes , but the noise makes the quality just bad simply .
0	do n't even bother .
0	i was very happy with the samson r21 they work great .
0	we 're is the chargers what do i need to turn them on .
0	no cords came with it .
0	if i ca n't get them i must return them .
0	do n't know what i need to get them to work .
0	a plug or a charger ?
0	i love the sound of these microphones .
0	the bases are good solid metal and connect well .
0	it is cheap two piece plastic that has been glued at the rib .
0	all three of mine have broken at the same location .
0	these mics get the job done .
0	but they do well enough .
0	i purchased this last year for a permanent install on a church soundboard .
0	it started getting really scratchy and finally quit a few weeks ago .
0	it 's a stereo cable so that should n't be .
0	maybe i just got a dud cable .
0	was product tested at factory before shipping ?
0	out of the pack half the cables were noisy and did not work .
0	save your money and by some metal end cables .
0	a waste of time and money .
0	seriously , do n't buy 'em .
0	two failed the first night .
0	i threw them all away .
0	not great shielding around the center core , i guess .
0	other patch cables i have reduce noise significantly more than this cable .
0	not sure why but this broke not even a month after i bought it
0	it crackled any time anything touched it or it moved at all .
0	however these things do n't last at all .
0	belive me when i say it does not pay to be cheep .
0	they come apart , leaving the tips inside my pedals ' jacks .
0	i am not rough with my gear and my pedals sit in one spot .
0	on some of them the tips will easily pull off by hand .
0	my son opened this toy on christmas morning .
0	but i gave it a shot anyway .
0	this guitar is made to be bought not played .
0	the problem is the height of the zero fret .
0	it looks nice , but no child can learn to play on this guitar .
0	save up and get one that can be tuned .
0	we also had a string break with what seemed not extraordinary tension .
0	the tuning fork screws are miniscule and will not hold long .
0	that , will quickly render the guitar playless .
0	i would definitely recommend chosing another guitar over this one .
0	you get what you pay for !
0	i purchased this for my 9 year old son for christmas .
0	luckily , i took it out and inspected it while he was n't home .
0	after twisting the middle string 2x it broke .
0	i am very disappointed and will be sending it back .
0	i 'm just glad i looked at it before christmas morning .
0	i think the midi and the audio part need to be separated more .
0	i ca n't get any sound to come through my speakers !
0	came without a lavalier mic .
0	so i purchased atr33501s but not wireless ,
0	this system is horrible .
0	do n't dare waste your time or money .
0	works okay some of the time .
0	bad background noise - tried everything to reduce with no luck .
0	the unit did not come with the small lapel mic .
0	jack for the mic has poor connection .
0	no audio goes through .
0	i had to jimmy it half way out of the jack to get audio .
0	this is my fault .
0	i am a little disappointed , but this is a lesson for me .
0	next time i will check to make sure everything is there .
0	previous reviews did not do the correct justice to the item sold .
0	i do not believe this mic is good .
0	i was n't expecting great either for the record .
0	there is a lot of background noise in all of my recordings .
0	it is like this mic amplifies the dead air and creates static .
0	does not work well if you use florescent studio lighting .
0	sometime buzzes if the wearer moves around which is also pretty poor .
0	i am considering returning it .
0	i am in the process of returning this item .
0	i tried different batteries and no luck .
0	this product is terrible , i would n't waste my money on it .
0	after reading lots of great reviews i thought i would give this a try .
0	we had lots of problems with noise when moving around inside our house .
0	and this did n't help much .
0	try both frequencies and had the same results either way .
0	which is too bad , as i generally like at equipment .
0	not what i was hoping for .
0	this is the first review i 've ever written on amazon .
0	i am filming a documentary .
0	i will return the device , and will simply use wired lavalier mikes instead .
0	if you absolutely must use a wireless system , do n't use this one .
0	i do n't recommend this microphone system .
0	amazon , as normal , was quick to get me replacement .
0	i received that today .
0	only static and buzzing !
0	the mic did n't work .
0	i tried the switch , read the manual .
0	spend the little extra cash and get something worth it .
0	still , amazon rocks for their fast replacement !
0	does n't matter if i use their mic or my stereo lapel mike .
0	there was immediate interference when testing the unit in the comfort of my home .
0	i mived to two ther rooms and the interference was just as bad .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	ouch , this wireless system caused all kinds of hiss .
0	the downside is that the nady has to be plugged into the wall .
0	i was using the atr-288w with a canon hv40 video camera ,
0	it did n't pick up the voice when placed on the lapel at all .
0	it also caused terrible feedback .
0	i sent it back .
0	( within projected time of arrival ) .
0	i contacted amazon and was able to return the unit hassle free .
0	there are a few problems that i 've encountered with this unit .
0	first off , the handheld mic is useless .
0	the windscreen on the clip-on mic comes off very easily .
0	it can be staticy at times , even in close proximity .
0	this is also an outdated produt .
0	if you have the money , spend it on a sennheiser setup instead .
0	it was if the needle was crooked and not making contact .
0	now will have to pay extra and take it to a repair shop .
0	i guess you get what you pay for .
0	i got this when i was a kid and did n't know any better .
0	it worked fine for two records but then started a scratching sound .
0	not what i expected , at least for my yamaha turntable .
0	broke on me after just about 3 months of use .
0	started weighing down heavily and then the plastic piece eventually touched the lps .
0	this `` universal '' replacement cartridge is not universal .
0	it does not work as a replacement for an audio-technica ls200 .
0	it 's too heavy , and it 's too tall/deep .
0	i had to replace it immediately because it was destroying my vinyl .
0	received at92ecd replacement in two days after i ordered it .
0	the replacement works like a charm .
0	i purchased this cartridge to replace the broken stock cartridge on my jensen jta-230 .
0	i have messed with everything and it simply does n't fit .
0	what 's the deal with that ?
0	this one just simply did not work for me .
0	the stylus rides up and the housing drags across my records
0	broke as i tried to install .
0	not recommended for half-inch standard mounts .
0	the adapter caused the cartridge to bottom out on my records .
0	it did not work for my p 31 yamaha turntable .
0	not at all universal .
0	music sounds flat with no improvement over the older original technics cartridge it replaced .
0	are p mount cartridges inferior to standard mount cartridges ?
0	this one is way inferior .
0	do n't like it much .
0	this cartridge sounded like garbage from the moment i installed it .
0	i kept hoping it would improve , but it did n't .
0	i 've never bought a cartridge before that produced so much static and noise .
0	but not for good live recorded audio quality music .
0	i returned it for a full refund .
0	does not work on the gopro 4 silver - do n't waste your money !
0	not what i expected .
0	does not work on most american devices , iphone , laptops ect ect
0	better of without it .
0	it is big and heavy .
0	my window of return is past date .
0	clip does not seem durable .
0	the cord is not long enough .
0	basically made the sound more quiet .
0	the needle was wobbling side to side , causing a thumping sound and static .
0	i got this as an external mic for my dslt a57 .
0	the camera has plug-in power so it should power the mic just fine .
0	its wobbly and will break sooner than later .
0	the sound is n't very good .
0	not for the money .
0	it picks up high mids and highs well , but no low end .
0	and it picks up way too much background noise .
0	just an fyi if you 're looking to capture people speaking .
0	i chose this rating because of quality reasons .
0	i do n't recommend this product to anyone under any circumstance .
0	spend a little more money and get a better mic !
0	this one does n't do what its supposed to do !
0	i bought this item to go with a z10 touch video .
0	i bought it new .
0	i got worse sound than if i used the camera without it .
0	now i 'm stuck with a defective product .
0	what a waste of resources ! !
0	this item is well reviewed , but my two separate mics were awful ? !
0	unusually , great buyer reviews can be trusted at amazom .
0	perhaps amazon has a bad batch , or a counterfeit batch of these mics ?
0	i do n't know ?
0	i would not pay a dollar for this item .
0	my other plug-in mic from a local store works just fine .
0	unfortunately , i had to eat the cost of this item .
0	there is a short window for returns .
0	i ordered three books for travel , with guaranteed arrival before my trip .
0	the books arrived after i left on my trip .
0	i was not home to return the books in the allotted return time .
0	does amazon suck ... yeh , sometimes they really suck .
0	can they deliver and get things done right , yes they usually do .
0	but amazon will never be a preferred purchase point for me .
0	i will go local if i have the time .
0	i use amazon for convenience ... and keep my fingers crossed .
0	it was all plastic and the assembly was so loose .
0	the neck can be bent 90 , but the whole structure was so weak .
0	i recorded someone talking with the zi8 as a test .
0	first with the sony mic and then without it .
0	first with mic sensitivity levels at normal and then again at max .
0	was really surprised to hear all the positive reviews with the zi8 .
0	the microphone picks up a tremendous amount of noise from touching the cord .
0	bought this to use with zi8 and it worked great for about 2 months .
0	reseller has a 30 return policy and sony 's is only 90 days .
0	very disappointed this did n't last .
0	the gnd is shorted the white wire on the right mic .
0	this ca n't be correct ?
0	wish i had a schematic of this board .
0	it 's not better than the original mic on micro boss br .
0	it 's broken after 3 months and warranty is only for 90 days .
0	especially with the kodak zi8 .
0	this device does not work .
0	do not waste your money .
0	if a additional add-on microphone is not powered it will not work .
0	i have received the fake item !
0	the quality just sucks !
0	i am very disappointed !
0	i purchased this microphone to go with a kodak zi8 hd camera i bought .
0	one channel of the stereo mic was dead .
0	i tried a different stereo mic on the camera and it worked fine .
0	i got no response .
0	i contacted the seller three times and there is still no response .
0	the one channel that works sounds great .
0	amazon has to watch out their partners .
0	there are many trying to fish in rough waters .
0	not at all what i expected .
0	it does but it will not stay in position to record properly .
0	the microphone will now remain stationary while in use and is still removable .
0	this item is not designed for the kodak zi8 .
0	second , it does n't capture much more audio than the stock kodak microphone .
0	not a big improvement .
0	it 's not worth the money !
0	was not a true stereo mic .
0	not the real sony ecm-ds70p electret condenser stereo microphone .
0	i bought two and both are going back immediately .
0	the record stuck , which had n't happened before .
0	amazon was gracious about returning my $ $ for this purchase .
0	worked for the first five records , then it wore out and got fuzzy .
0	and i was n't rough on it either .
0	it sounded okay for the first five records .
0	then it wore out and sounded fuzzy .
0	and no , i was n't being rough on it .
0	also the lower hertz ( lower pitches or bass ) are not very audible .
0	the playback does n't have a good sound in the lower ranges .
0	i have yet to find one .
0	in short , do n't buy this mic if you want to record music .
0	save your money i wish i had .
0	i plugged this into my computer and pressed record .
0	when i played back the audio i could barely hear anyone .
0	i have been continually dissapointed with omni-directional microphones .
0	i tried this microphone out and it really was n't worth the money .
0	it recorded with less clarity than uni-directional microphones .
0	i 'm sending mine back .
0	i was using tools such as camtasia and audacity .
0	the mics did not pick up enough of the conversation to be useful .
0	i purchased a more expensive sony ecm-f01 and it works as described - great !
0	so i am stuck with two mics that do n't perform .
0	this mic is surprisingly poor quality for a brand name like audio-technica .
0	i bought this mic with the intention to use it in an interview .
0	the microphone built into your mac is likely far superior .
0	i 'm returning this product .
0	tried these for about 2 minutes , then boxed them up .
0	not comfortable at all .
0	do n't waste your time ordering these .
0	flimsy you get what you pay for
0	these are not open-back headphones !
0	the earpads are smaller then usual , but they pretty well seal your ears .
0	nor are they sound-cancelling - they just make everything from the outside murkier .
0	and they have no top end at all - was my pair defective ?
0	at least they gave me a refund .
0	come on - even house music has some upper end !
0	the wire on the headphones got snagged on my shoe and the wire broke .
0	i got to use it for 3 hours .
0	did n't last longer than a few months .
0	this came in my school kit for film and media .
0	the sound was okay when it was working .
0	they were completely unusable after that .
0	i posted pictures so you know what i am talking about .
0	a quality product , but it has too little low end bass .
0	i use them to edit soundtracks on home videos and animations .
0	if you are a chart changer get it right with one of these .
0	i guess shure sold their name at some point .
0	disappointed for the price , that is for sure .
0	name brand price gouging , shame on you shure .
0	this contraption is inaccurate .
0	product arrived in a plastic bag with no packaging and no battery .
0	shameful , cheap and poorly made product .
0	broke within 15 minutes of use .
0	inexpensive , but very poor quality !
0	this does not work with the three different brand smart phones i tried .
0	put in new batteries , and there was no change in performance .
0	i looked it up on audio-technica .
0	this item was discontinued years ago .
0	you get what you pay for ... . it 's adequate for basic audio .
0	not pro quality for sure .
0	i specifically purchased this for use with iphone .
0	the jack is simply incompatible with aple devices .
0	it only has one ring where the apple jacks have four .
0	this was most disappointing .
0	i do n't normally leave negative review , but this one is necessary .
0	i purchased this microphone because of all of the glowing reviews .
0	however , this microphone is extremely poor quality .
0	my sound is much better without it .
0	we ordered this microphone for the pastor in our wedding .
0	the package was returned to them about 3 weeks ago and they lost it .
0	i rated a 1 star because 0 stars is not an option .
0	i would strongly suggest not ordering from this company
0	read the reviews - i am not the only person this has happened to !
0	this microphone will pick up voices fine .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	i did n't get the 35s .
0	ask if i 'd like a substitution next time !
0	bought it to plug into my zoom h2 and it barely picks up anything .
0	tried plugging it straight into my camera and yet again barely picks up anything .
0	low quality and waste of money .
0	this second one was actually model atr-3350 , *not* a model 35s .
0	so i 'm returning my 3350 for a refund .
0	anyway , 1 star for this go-around .
0	the sound playback comes out of one speaker in mono , not stereo .
0	looking for another mic now .
0	i bought this to improve the sound for recordings on a kodak zi8 .
0	first , the battery was dead when it was shipped - hassle .
0	so for my use , this microphone was a wasted purchase .
0	audible hum obscures subject 's voice .
0	disappointing offering from good company .
0	i tried this mic and it was terrible .
0	save your money , do n't buy this product .
0	i wish i could give it half of a star .
0	very disappointed with this mic after reading so many positive reviews .
0	very disappointed with performance of this product .
0	this could be an error on my part .
0	but i could n't figure out how to use this thing accurately .
0	or maybe it 's something i just did n't need .
0	i have a rega rp-1 that came shipped with the ortofon om 5e .
0	better instructions from shure would 've helped .
0	despite its cute appearance , this mic produces static and little else .
0	and more nothing ! ! !
0	did not work properly on my pc .
0	amazon 's customer service was excellent ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i plugged it into the microphone jack and nothing happened .
0	i returned it and got a griffin mic instead .
0	i do a fair amount of streaming video for marketing and training purposes .
0	i thought it was stainless ( non magnetic ) , but its not .
0	this contraption is highly specialized dj , turntable apparatus .
0	do not buy unless you have used this before .
0	this stylus gauge is made of plated steel which is magnetic .
0	it is attracted to the cartridge magnet and therefore useless .
0	i returned it immediately .
0	unfortunately , the only alternatives are much more expensive digital stylus gauges .
0	bla bla bla all talk .
0	there is absolutely no bass .
0	i 'll give it extremely clear , , but that 's all .
0	no bottom end no matter what you do to eq it .
0	even the shure 58 is better , but no prize either .
0	i bought this microphone to use with skype and a set of bose headphones .
0	some other reviews also mention the faint sound .
0	i just did not see them before purchasing the unit .
0	as you might guess , the quality does n't get any better .
0	i 'm in the midst of scrambling to find a new mic now .
0	thanks for nothing audio-technica .
0	i ordered a genuine shure stylus but received a generic shure stylus .
0	what else do you want ? '
0	it does what it claims to do , and it does it well .
0	this thing now has a buzz that totally obscures the voices .
0	this developed after only a month .
0	ca n't change the stars , unfortunately , hope you read this .
0	even for the price this mic may not be worth it .
0	the mic could barely pick up anything .
0	was used just once and then stopped working .
0	had to return it .
0	recording in imovie hd is nearly inaudible .
0	i purchased this mic to for video taping interviews .
0	if you need to get a decent recording look at the shure sm58 .
0	i bought this product for adding voice recordings to powerpoint presentations .
0	unfortunately the voice can barely be heard .
0	when they describe this product `` ideal aerobics/dance/sports-instructors '' they must really mean it .
0	all audio settings on my computer are all the way up .
0	i 've been doing sound for 10 years .
0	each has its own faults .
0	very muddy sounding , but will add more `` body '' to your sound .
0	shure : cold-sounding mic , highs better than senns , some mid-range muddiness .
0	akg : overall nice sounding mic .
0	problem when you `` push '' the mic , i.e .
0	mic feels like it has a delay in it .
0	audix : very nice sounding mic .
0	no major sonic problems .
0	nice , extended highs .
0	these are pretty good , if you can find one that is n't defective .
0	this is the second one i 've bought that arrived with a twisted cantilever .
0	does n't anyone inspect these before they leave the factory ?
0	when i lowered the volume on the amplifier , then nothing was being accomplished .
0	bought it on april 10th .
0	( one channel is not working ) .
0	unfortunately , the return period expired 2 weeks ago .
0	generic needle without branding not in accordance with the picture - sound just acceptable .
0	i hope that my vinyls will not be damaged !
0	not a cartridge , is only a generic needle .
0	pic contains a cartridge .
0	the description is about cartridge .
0	the comparison thing in the page is all cartridges .
0	but , is not a cartridge , is only a generic needle .
0	pic contains a cartridge .
0	the comparison thing in the page is all cartridges .
0	i feel intentionally mislead .
0	the one that i got sounded horrible .
0	it had a lot of distortion .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	i returned my set .
0	way more expensive but the audio quality was pristine .
0	this is a fairly cheap set so you 'll get fairly poor audio .
0	bite the bullet and save for the higher quality set .
0	i ordered this product because of the good reviews it got .
0	i am getting horrible hiss regardless of range .
0	i may just have to use a voice recorder and sync the sound .
0	yes , a voice recorder is giving me cleaner audio than this mic .
0	i should have gone straight for a uhf mic .
0	a waste of money .
0	bad purchased , not doing it again .
0	high pitch squeal on channel b. audio unusable .
0	poor quality , interference , noise , awful recording .
0	not very happy with it .
0	-it picks up noise easily .
0	changing channel did not really help .
0	-white noise all the time .
0	i would not recommend it .
0	tried using it in a studio in la and i had nothing but interference .
0	good sound costs money but then , good sound equipment can last a lifetime .
0	i will return and try something diffrent .
0	these would not work in any city i visited , there was constant static .
0	this 'thing ' is terrible !
0	it loses reception and statics like crazy .
0	however both cut out after 25 ' .
0	they work , but they also do n't work .
0	second - it 's awful .
0	plus , i need a wireless mic to film yoga videos .
0	the feedback on this thing is horrible .
0	maybe i just got sold a returned lemon .
0	either way do not waste your money !
0	it 's not worth the hassle .
0	if anyone has suggestions , please let me know .
0	total waste of money .
0	for the same cost i would recommend an h1 + low cost wired lav .
0	the sound quality was terrible .
0	i tried change channels , move around and the noise did n't disapear .
0	there were also some blind zones and cut offs .
0	so i returned the unit .
0	otherwise , think ten foot pole .
0	a very disappointing product .
0	and no , brand new batteries did n't fix it either .
0	i wish audio technica had the same ethics .
0	i 've paid good money for a bad product .
0	do n't do the same , dear reader .
0	we thought we must have broken it somehow and bought the exact one again .
0	after four months , the same problem occurred , no reason again .
0	these microphones are not reliable at all .
0	this system works but there is a constant static when its turned on .
0	for professionals this is definitely a bad choice and not worth the risk .
0	i read all the reviews before i bought and decided to try my luck .
0	even with short distance 3 feet , i got tons of noise .
0	not useful to record to a camcorder ,
0	this dual channel wireless device is contently picking up static and interference .
0	i have not been happy with this purchase .
0	unless your subject is very close , you 'll get static .
0	obviously the taiwanese children who assembled this did n't know that .
0	i would advise you to not buy this .
0	the price is too good to be true .
0	great return service from amazon though .
0	it sounds like being on cordless phone a little out of range .
0	for the price , i unfortunately do n't think there 's any better option .
0	this just is n't an option for me anymore .
0	i now have to rent an $ 800 lav system when i shoot
0	not thrilled w noise .
0	lots of static and absolutely unreliable .
0	if you are a serious video pro , avoid this system .
0	this microphone emits constant static no matter how it is configured .
0	engineering support could not help me .
0	i am sending the unit back .
0	to the buyer , i say 'beware ' .
0	the audio is full of noise at times for seemingly no reason .
0	at first the groom was at the other end of the big church .
0	this wireless mic system does n't provide that with any amount of reliability .
0	what 's this conspiracy suppressing high quality , wireless microphone technology .
0	why ca n't we get such achievements in wireless audio ?
0	or even wired audio for that matter .
0	it should n't cost an arm and a leg to buy goood audio equipment .
0	i can not recommend this product .
0	however , i do n't have a quality low cost alternative to recommend either .
0	i wish i had n't .
0	i began to pickup static that switching between the two channels did n't change .
0	and again , changing frequencies did n't help at all .
0	perhaps this is the nature of an fm system vs. a uhf system .
0	of course it does n't always do this .
0	and when it works , it is great .
0	but its range and susceptability to interference is a big drawback .
0	do n't be fooled by false advertising .
0	the picture shows a shure logo .
0	what you get is a copy fake replica with no bard on it .
0	do n't be fooled by false advertising .
0	the picture shows a shure .
0	what you get is a poor quality copy that sounds like s___ .
0	it seems this mic needs a preamp to work fine .
0	but i have none here to try it .
0	the sound that this mic picks up is terrible !
0	the mic in the camera could pick up sound louder and further away .
0	do not buy this !
0	then , the mic was stored for about a year and a half .
0	a fresh alcaline battery was used in each test .
0	basically , i 'm now stuck with an out-of-warranty piece of trash .
0	bye bye , $ 25 ( at least it was that cheap !
0	bought one 18 years ago for $ 50 & 7.25 % sales tax !
0	wide frequency response compared to most consumer microphones .
0	it is not omnidirectional .
0	it 's a figure 8 with slight attenuation in front & behind .
0	you would n't use it for clear sound straight ahead .
0	the included plastic clamp disintegrated long ago .
0	the bolt-on cable quickly wore out .
0	also , the battery contact is weak & glitches .
0	half of the microphone length is the battery & 1/8 '' minijack .
0	it may eventually be ground off in favor of home made phantom power .
0	i purchased this to be used on my sony trv-320 which is stereo capable .
0	barely a faint sound was recorded .
0	thought uploading to the pc to my video editor might enable volume change .
0	tried simply speaking directly into the mike - nothing .
0	either i had a bad unit , or there are compatibility issues .
0	i returned it today and will continue to look for another solution .
0	i have to be honest i went for the price and was disappointed .
0	the microphone has lots of features and accessories but did not work for me .
0	the microphone had a loud hum with the playback .
0	i found it unacceptable for my purposes .
0	my microphone produced more hiss than sound .
0	owners manual was missing and there was no plastic bags either .
0	it appears to be used .
0	i guess mine was a returned unit !
0	of course , i did a return ... beware , you may get it !
0	ordering and shipping was great through amazon .
0	when i received it , i tested it with my mp3 recorder .
0	the resulting level was enough to hear .
0	yesterday i tried it out recording the children 's christmas pagent at church .
0	however , there were two things that made me decide to return it .
0	it even picked up the motor noise that the internal mic does not .
0	the second is that it is highly susceptible to electrical interference .
0	this microphone did n't work , and i returned it .
0	all you could hear was static .
0	my $ 3 microphone works better .
0	ok , my disappointment partly has myself to blame .
0	i wanted to make the sound recording part of my videos more professional-sounding .
0	as you can imagine , this is not what i wanted at all .
0	-- overpowering the subject 's voice .
0	the mic 's construction is really cheap and flimsy .
0	it 's very crudely made .
0	used as a computer microphone , the audio is also very quiet .
0	kind of disappointing since i paid almost $ 30 for it .
0	also , for the record , this is not stereo .
0	unfortunately , i could n't get the device to work properly .
0	the normal mode did n't seem to work at all .
0	do n't waste your money ! ! ! !
0	i 'm sure your internal mic would be better than this mic .
0	it is painfully difficult to use .
0	the amplitude produced by the mike is very low .
0	i 've had this mic for almost two years .
0	in that time it has only left my home occasionally .
0	it 's never been abused in any way .
0	today i went to use it and it was simply dead .
0	i tried a fresh battery and nothing .
0	shame on audio technica for putting this piece of junk on the market .
0	my how times have changed .
0	it gets two stars simply because it sounded good when it did work .
0	a waste of [ ... ] bucks !
0	a non-condensor mic performs better than this thing .
0	on the good side , it looks pretty with the wind shield on it .
0	cons : -this microphone will pick up camera noise if mounted on the camera .
0	-not a professional level mic , by any means .
0	the mic built into your prosumer ( not consumer ) camera probably works better .
0	pros : -slightly more directional than my camera 's microphone .
0	you 'll need an extra long cable , of course .
0	buy a different , more reliable brand .
0	i used my atr 55 for about 8 weeks and it worked fine .
0	then it developed a hissing noise .
0	tried new batteries and it did n't work .
0	it is even worse on the `` tele '' setting !
0	it totally ruined one of my productions !
0	what is up with his mic ?
0	do they all go bad like this ?
0	does anyone know how it can be fixed ?
0	at first i loved this mic now i think it is garbage !
0	typically , they do n't state this in the tech specs .
0	and the single channel sound is not that great do n't buy it .
0	-a waste of money .
0	device was on , used 2 different new batteries ... nothing .
0	this is a good product for the price tag .
0	it does the job ... one thing !
0	other than that , it 's decent .
0	i purchased and quickly sold two atr-55 's .
0	i would not purchase these under any circumstance .
0	otherwise you would n't hear a thing .
0	also a lot of noise was present .
0	i contacted customer service , but never got any answer .
0	too bad that a company like audio technica allows for such a bad quality .
0	it 's now may , and all but two have failed .
0	azden makes a similar microphone for a few more dollars .
0	so far , so good .
0	i did identical tests with this mic , and with my camcorder 's mic .
0	i guess you get what you pay for .
0	well , i did considerable research for comparable low-budget microphones .
0	i performed a few mic .
0	tests to create a standard for evaluation .
0	i filmed six scenes .
0	i used imovie to import my recordings to evaluate the audio .
0	for this review i tested my on-board stock mic. , a radioshack lavaliere mic .
0	and the audio technica mic .
0	my results are as follows : i. out-of-the-box standard mic .
0	: performs with mediocre results , less than desired by current.tv standards .
0	is expected to perform and produces a somewhat muffled sound .
0	: disappointing sound quality .
0	for $ 53 i expected this mic .
0	to improve upon my equipment 's stock microphone ; it did not .
0	the regular setting was just as loud and clear as the stock mic .
0	but it also delivered a softer audio recording .
0	overall it was difficult to distinguish between this mic .
0	and the on-board mic .
0	; and certainly not worth the extra duckets .
0	radioshack lavaliere mic : the audio was significantly enhanced .
0	down-side : this mic .
0	do n't forget to switch the mic .
0	on ; this one also requires a stereo adapter .
0	i was hoping this audio technica mic .
0	would provide an increase in performance worth the additional cost .
0	the lesson i learned is that it is all or nothing .
0	shell out $ 200 for a pro/pro-sumer grade mic .
0	or get by with what you have .
0	you can improve your situation with a lav .
0	but so far i have not discovered a budget shotgun mic .
0	additionally my credit card was charged twice .
0	i need for your to correct that .
0	i have instructed my credit card company to collect the $ 21.98 extra charge .
0	will review performance when we 've had a chance to use it .
0	the azden wlx-pro system is not really very good .
0	you get basically two choices for channel , that 's it .
0	can you hear the voices with it ?
0	it does have a headphone output , which is good .
0	however , the belt clip is very cheap and can break pretty easily .
0	the antenna does n't appear to do anything either .
0	in addition , does not work well like other more expensive microphones .
0	beware , there is also no attachment included for the clip-on mic .
0	this needs to be purchased separately .
0	terrible advertising ... you want quality , look elsewhere .
0	the audio was very distorted and there is no way to adjust the gain .
0	i 've had this for 2 years now .
0	it makes no difference if i 'm right next to the receiver or now .
0	you 're basically playing audio russian roulette with your audio with this .
0	do not use this for professional recordings !
0	i 'm now trying to find a new wireless system .
0	i used this for pranks it was good when it was new but now s***ty
0	very low quality for the price .
0	additional parts needed to make this work .
0	for true beginners only .
0	the microphone itself is very subpar and sounds a bit muddy .
0	not suitable for recording professional audio .
0	i 'm very careful with my wires and how i keep everything stored .
0	i would n't order these again .
0	i would not recommend this product to anyone .
0	friends of mine have this and are ok with it .
0	i do not recommend this .
0	i purchased this item for use in filming instructional videos for work .
0	at times it has great difficulty overcoming interference .
0	but , sometimes even further away from these units it struggles .
0	no difference between the sound quality and the internal microphone .
0	i 'm disappointed that amazon would offer this product .
0	they work , but thats almost the only positive thing .
0	i do n't recommend this for any kind of production .
0	sound quality is s*** .
0	the earplug thing for monitoring is either very quiet or doesnt work at all .
0	i bought this unit to use for recording videos for my business .
0	other than sound quality i have no complaint .
0	there is way too much hiss , i expected no hiss for this price .
0	i would recommend one with an xlr conector .
0	i purchased two of these `` pro '' wireless lav mic systems .
0	i turned on both transmitter and receiver and chose f1 as the channel .
0	i moved it to f2 frequency , and it seemed to clear up .
0	i then turned on the 2nd transmitter and receiver and chose f1 frequency .
0	i had someone walk around with that one .
0	same thing , hissing and drop outs .
0	to my surprise it was still hissy and dropping out .
0	i was going to get overall broad shots and get audio of the ceremony .
0	omg , how embarrassing .
0	i am a musician and performer .
0	i am not thrilled with the construction .
0	do yourself a favor .
0	i will update this as soon as i get results of testing .
0	this mic should be more like $ 50 max .
0	the range is terrible .
0	i ca n't count how many times this product has failed me .
0	i have a pair of azden shotgun microphones which work well .
0	this mic however is barely adequate for amateurs just having fun .
0	when you open the box , you are greeted with wm-pros not wlx-pros .
0	it 's printed right on the modules !
0	transmitter range is awful !
0	mic is tinny and cheap sounding .
0	high pitched buzzing noise , regardless of channel 1 or 2 !
0	i feel cheated and scammed .
0	i truly hate this product !
0	yeah , it 's not that much , but i expected better performance .
0	i bought this for interviews to create a documentary video .
0	the plastic transmitter and receiver was so light that i questioned its durability .
0	it just seems like an empty plastic box though .
0	seems a bit cheesy .
0	not sure if i 'm going to order from them a replacement .
0	that restocking fee kinda bites .
0	after 4 months of use , the cable cuts in and out .
0	i finally replaced it with a name brand cable .
0	good for scratchy pots ... a disaster for faders .
0	both pieces were never toured and kept covered .
0	the arp was bought new .
0	and you ca n't return it .
0	so , just do n't buy it .
0	this is my first experience with this product .
0	i used this on 3 out of 8 faders on my korg nanokontrol2 .
0	but if that 's the case , why does this product exist ?
0	it 's supposed to clean + lube faders .
0	that 's it 's raison d'tre , the whole point of this product .
0	( sorry for the whisper-level audio . )
0	the straw does not fit the nozzle .
0	this has happened to me once before .
0	it makes my purchase basically useless , and a waste of money
0	i am sure i will love the product if it ever delivers .
0	this sound is not what i heard at boy scout camp .
0	it sounds like a recorder instead of a whistle sound .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	the book did help with the fingering .
0	i just wish the quality of the whistle was better .
0	got the irish tin whistle in good condition as was the book .
0	cd and book did n't have as much helpful information as advertised .
0	this item is somewhat pointless .
0	the book , cd and whistle are all ok , but not the package .
0	if you play by ear you do not need the book .
0	this does not teach proper methods for learning the whistle .
0	the songs in the book are not traditional .
0	the whistle is only ok for someone beginning .
0	the coating peels off in a messy way .
0	i spent more and bought at proper book and a better flute .
0	it 's worth it in the end .
0	much possibility - how much practice is enough to deliver it consistently ?
0	both tones are the same , and there is little to recommend this chime .
0	the mallet is plastic and so it does n't resonate well .
0	two rod chime has same tone on both chimes .
0	note the same girth and length of the rods .
0	a `` woodstock '' chime .
0	fooled again in trying to buy an american made product .
0	it does make a chiming sound so i gave it 1 star .
0	i purchased this tone set to use in my kindergarten classroom .
0	what is the point of having two tones when they are the same ?
0	arrived with scratches and paint ( ? )
0	stains on the chime , scratches and chips in the wood .
0	beautiful sound but sad it was n't in good shape .
0	please do n't buy this chime - save your money and buy something else .
0	i would have returned it - but the company has a no return policy .
0	cut the thread holding the hammer and broke it !
0	should let your customers know how to unpackage it correctly .
0	thank you for listening .
0	this chime made too much of a high pitched , tinny sound for me .
0	very disappointed that i can not return the item .
0	item not as pictured , it did not come with black mallot .
0	although it is pictured with it .
0	and you can not return it .
0	i guess i got a dud .
0	i am going to return it .
0	i do not like when they show one thing and deliver something else .
0	the metal is opaque and not as shown .
0	not happy with the level of dishonesty .
0	was n't able to return .
0	disappointed i was n't able to return item .
0	nicely made but very weak tone .
0	very tin- like sound .
0	probably something that should not be bought online without hearing it firsthand .
0	i ca n't even use the chime effectively since mine arrived without the mallet .
0	you had one job -- to put 2 pieces in a box .
0	poor quality control from china that reflects poorly on an american company .
0	a sure return and potential replace .
0	will be calling the company .
0	poor quality tone , does not resonate much and is quite flat .
0	also , apparently no return is possible .
0	the chime is fine , but mine did n't come with the mallet ! !
0	not what i expected .
0	the tone did n't last for a very long time .
0	plastic handle , wood , the whole thing felt cheap too .
0	and then buy it when you find the right one .
0	i guess , you get what you pay for !
0	expected a better sound from a woodstock chime .
0	the pitch and tone are awful as it painfully hurts your ears .
0	it is not soothing or peaceful at all .
0	this was a total waste of money !
0	i 'm not sure how to explain it .
0	i bought it as a gift and was upset with the sound .
0	it was nice quality though
0	package arrived with string around broken ... does n't work ...
0	will need to return .
0	do not like the tone .
0	less resonation than a child 's toy .
0	for the price it 's well made .
0	win some ; lose some .
0	not at all what i expected .
0	beautiful sound and resonance !
0	the sound is rather muted .
0	the quality of the chime is just so-so , a little cheaply made .
0	the hitter is made of plastic and feels cheap , too .
0	it is certainly overpriced , but i do n't bother to return it .
0	it does the job to get attention , just not in a musical way .
0	this was much lower quality that i expected and i have never used it .
0	it had a very clear tone that reverbed forever .
0	so i ordered another .
0	oh , the sound !
0	it 's just a high pitch that hurts my ears .
0	i ended up giving it away to my coworker .
0	made in communist china .
0	write woodstock & complain .
0	products were originally made in us .
0	between the group of us , we probably own 20 of this chime .
0	recently , i lost my chime , and ordered a replacement on amazon .
0	the sound quality is nothing like the recording sample that you hear .
0	it sound so bad , that i returned it .
0	i consider it defective .
0	i would gladly paid twice a much to order the old design .
0	the product is as advertised .
0	it is visibly cheaply made .
0	the wood and metal detail is sloppy .
0	the metal rod was not in good geometric alignment with the wood .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	the chime is tied off-center in the wooden cradle .
0	does n't look good , does n't sound good .
0	the sound dies down very quickly .
0	this solo one is not a good purchase..
0	having to send back because the mallet was missing .
0	hopefully the replacement will include the mallet .
0	the sounds by themselves are too high pitched and equally unpleasant .
0	i bought it to get students ' attention during my training class .
0	the sound is very shrill .
0	this is not the relaxing , soothing sound i was expecting .
0	i decided to send it back because i dislike the sound so much .
0	be careful if you order this .
0	it is not the beautiful sound some reviewers say it is .
0	very annoying , sharp sound .
0	i returned it and ordered a replacement which had the same problem .
0	this must be an example of mass production with no quality oversight .
0	the right side is canted up with a half inch space .
0	the left side , less than a quarter inch .
0	it looks plain awful because of it .
0	they just did n't care enough .
0	you pay premium prices for woodstock chimes and products .
0	i expect premium quality control .
0	it 's too late for me to send this back .
0	if you want a photo , just ask .
0	i just received mine and it was missing the mallet .
0	not melodic as i had hoped .
0	i use it for the classroom the get students ' attention .
0	the three sounds ... just bah .
0	i ordered this to help quiet down and calm students in my classroom .
0	both chimes were not in a major chord with the last chime being dissonant .
0	i bought this for my classroom but do n't like the tones it uses .
0	it needs a nicer chord .
0	going to try to return .
0	do n't be fooled by false advertising .
0	the picture shows a shure logo .
0	what you get is a copy fake replica with no bard on it .
0	do n't be fooled by false advertising .
0	the picture shows a shure .
0	what you get is a poor quality copy that sounds like s___ .
0	their media player used to apply this info to a list of 1..n tracks .
0	it is a real half hearted attempt .
0	maybe i expect too much from the largest s/w company in the world .
0	i expected to turn my cassette tape collection into mp3s but could not .
0	includes an audio converter .
0	if you do n't know what a codec is , get lost !
0	that is the most misleading statement i have ever seen on a microsoft product .
0	that 's not what this program does .
0	microsoft is getting worse at what it includes in its plus !
0	if you 're looking to waste money , well by all means buy this .
0	while the intentions behind plus !
0	for example , we have plus dancer .
0	after about 5 minutes my amusement with this feature was gone .
0	the only feature that i have ended up using was the alarm clock .
0	otherwise , just hit the net and look for some decent share.ware
0	i 've gotten free downloads from microsoft with more value .
0	alarm clock ? ! ?
0	who sleeps by their computer ... ( okay , some of us do ) .
0	need i say more ? ! ?
0	ok , my major complaint with the last version of plus !
0	was that it gave you little to nothing ; mostly demo and watered-down programs .
0	is now only available for xp ) .
0	other than picture story , there is really very little of value here .
0	the dancers and alarm clock lose their novelty after the first 5 minutes .
0	i own a pocket pc , so the synchronization tools are welcome .
0	all in all , it 's `` ok '' .
0	it 's nowhere near a `` must-have '' item .
0	i would only suggest it if you catch it on sale .
0	just thought that was important enough to add .
0	no fix planned , according to their customer support .
0	i 've asked about this , but get no answer .
0	this is a pain as you try to recreate your label inserts .
0	i bought the top-of-the-line dell to handle all the system requirements .
0	and now , the video portion has finally stopped working .
0	a waste of good money .
0	( system instabilities , etc ) you have been warned .
0	crashed a lot and is n't compatible with newer hardware or operating systems .
0	i ended up buying nero and giving this away .
0	it turned out to be a nightmare .
0	cds were not able to be finalized .
0	i 've been exchanging emails with roxio technical support ever since .
0	i can not copy a cd using the disc copier function .
0	what is wrong with companies these days ?
0	they grab the money and run .
0	never mind whether the customer gets the functionality they are paying for .
0	amazon.com , on the other hand , is one customer-oriented company !
0	yes everytime you need an software update/patch , you need to login with password .
0	registration needs an valid email address and your roxio software key .
0	and pray that you do n't loose your cd key .
0	somehow this is one evil way roxio try to get your business .
0	i purchased this product and when i record it gives me an error message .
0	i have lost many cds trying to get this rip off to work !
0	i award one star , 'cause the system will not allow a lower rating .
0	roxio `` support '' has been no help .
0	i 'd love to hear from other 's who have had this problem ! !
0	i foolishly bought the upgrade for roxio .
0	i finally switched to nero .
0	it is the only way to go .
0	being an engineer , i can only believe that software engineers must run roxio .
0	if you have patience and a masters in i.t .
0	you probably will enjoy being roxio 's beta site and using the product .
0	if not you will be totally frustrated .
0	trying to get assistance is virtually impossible .
0	for my money its easier to use nero .
0	i expect that version 7 is n't much different .
0	i have been using easy cd creator 5 platinum successfully for quite some time .
0	i tend to go for updates of a product when i 'm happy it .
0	only thenafter is the disc ready to use ( i.e .
0	saving files on it ) just as a floppy disc ( i.e .
0	( note : i have not used it with dvd discs ) .
0	then the problems started .
0	1. blank new cds can not be formated any more .
0	so my cd/dvd burner now is turned into a cd/dvd rom drive .
0	so i have to reboot my pc .
0	those problems left me with crappy software and cd/dvd burner .
0	if you are willing to take a riks buy it .
0	i followed instructions and lost everything .
0	this product is a failure .
0	at last i had kick this software and i am so happy .
0	now i am using nero which is is world class software .
0	do n't buy this software ever at any cost .
0	and if it is coming with your 's computer do n't use it .
0	i do n't even know where to start .
0	i have never seen a more blantant disregard for customer satisfaction .
0	uninstalling it was one of the highlights of my life .
0	technical support is a joke to say the least .
0	i will never buy anything from roxio or any successors .
0	i tried calling the tech .
0	support number and the area code had changed .
0	there is no mailing address , save their legal department .
0	the web site support is very lacking in assistance .
0	caveat emptor is the best expression for roxio products .
0	find an alternate product that does the same job .
0	however , i can only use 60 % of the space on the cd .
0	that was the first wierd thing .
0	as i was archiving cds , i have some problems .
0	some cds could not be copied .
0	some cds that i created using easy cd creator were invalid or corrupted .
0	i created iso images on my hard drive and created cds .
0	you do n't want to gamble with this .
0	i 've been using cd creating software since 1997 , mostly from adaptec .
0	this particular version ( 6 ) only works when it wants to .
0	that must be why i 'm not in marketing or economics .
0	i ordered nero 6 ultra instead .
0	winxp has a better burning package for free .
0	i bought this solely based on the `` roxio '' reputation .
0	the dvd crashed still ! ! !
0	so i stepped outside then threw this entire package into the trash .
0	i checked roxio.com but all they answered me was no help for me !
0	let me give you an advice , do not waste your money on this !
0	i now have a fat partitioned f : drive containing some system files .
0	i have a 7 month old dell machine running windows xp .
0	after uninstalling and reinstalling i still had the same problem .
0	some even had to restore their pc .
0	sent emails to their tech support and received one answer so far .
0	i will never buy another roxio product again .
0	i treated the negative reviews here with skepticism .
0	but they appear to be bang on target .
0	i 'll go back to the earlier version .
0	until roxio makes clear -- in .
0	i can not believe anyone selling this kind of horrible software .
0	this software will cause a lot of damamge than a good .
0	roxio should recall this junk immediately .
0	it 's like hiv .
0	it screws up your system and you ca n't get rid of it .
0	i wish we had the option of awarding zero stars !
0	a bunch of bucks later , and i still ca n't burn cd 's .
0	now i 'll probably have to re-format my c : drive and re-install everything .
0	why , oh why do we keep falling for this idiocy ?
0	this is the first time i have ever written a review .
0	roxio needs to fix their bugs before making their real profits .
0	after rebooting i got an inaccessible_boot_device error .
0	again roxio easy cd creator caused the problem .
0	i found it using google .
0	they have one for compaq ( [ ... ]
0	all the bad reviews are true ! !
0	i 've been working with computers long enough to fix minor/major bugs .
0	but this software qualifies as a virus !
0	i , too , would have given it zero stars , if possible .
0	their discussion groups are largely the blind leading the blind .
0	i am looking for a new software .
0	i purchased the product because of dvd builder .
0	i would not recommend this product to anyone .
0	it simply does n't work .
0	not so with costco .
0	i recommend buying software through them if possible so as to avoid this problem .
0	to summarize : this software is crap and you should demand a refund .
0	i 'm returning it and you should too if it 's not too late .
0	run from this software as fast as you can .
0	a definite do n't buy !
0	btw , i mean *constantly* , it was really ridiculous .
0	i will never buy a roxio product in my life .
0	hidden partitions also showed up as newly assigned drives .
0	now my computer works fine .
0	after getting unhung i went to the roxio web site and downloaded a patch .
0	the patch did about as much good as hitting my computer with a shovel .
0	my advice - if roxio has stock , do n't buy it .
0	these guys ca n't possibly stay in business much longer .
0	trying to contact techical support was a joke .
0	if i could , i 'd give it a minus 1 star rating .
0	every version has problems .
0	1. slide show is a joke .
0	first attempt at dvd burning .
0	the advertising is misleading saying you can burn slide show dvds .
0	i do n't think so .
0	that is simply laughable .
0	2. sound editor is a joke .
0	the advertising says , `` powerful editor . ''
0	the fact is it has only basic features .
0	i recommed you immediately download voyetra 's audio surgeon like i did .
0	it worked first time an was extremely easy to use .
0	it still crashes routinely .
0	4. one good thing to say .
0	in this mode , it makes windows media player look very bad .
0	this product needs some work .
0	it also needs humans answering the phone .
0	hours of work wasted !
0	i contacted their so-called `` technical support '' ( ha ! )
0	by phone and email , but still have n't heard from them .
0	i did n't pay for this .
0	most of the copies out there now do include the newer engine .
0	if you upgrade to 6.x via the web you can kiss dvd burning goodbye .
0	however , look at their own site forums and on the web .
0	it 's a wide spread issue .
0	the fix is supposed to be out in late november .
0	i would wait until it is out and tested first .
0	the end result is a 4.7 gig burn that renders to about 2 gigs .
0	it 's almost unrecognizable when you play it .
0	pixilation so bad that is resembles a mosaic pattern .
0	another problem is the software keeps attempting to finalize cd-r disks .
0	throw that one away too .
0	finally , i burned a 1-hour dvd .
0	your call on buying this !
0	one thing i liked ... the nice box it came in ...
0	i had easycd `` cremator '' basic that came with a micro-advantage dvd burner .
0	i made a total of 7 coasters ( dvd recordables ) and several cd-rs .
0	it would occasionaly work with my previoulsy installed cd burner .
0	anyway i took the drive back thinking it was bad .
0	i bought a new pioneer drive , same problem .
0	do n't the hardware manufacurers test their drives with the software before packaging it .
0	oh , the drag to disk worked occasionally with the cd burner .
0	i guess that is worth about 1 star .
0	i had the platinum 5 version which i upgraded .
0	using windows me , this worked fairly well .
0	i called dell , they tried very hard but could not correct the problem .
0	i then re-enstalled version 6 , the same problem , i then called roxio .
0	i then erased the program , and returned it .
0	i purchased nero 5.5 which works fine .
0	the people at dell and roxio did not know what caused the problem .
0	in truth i can not recomend a product which seems so variable .
0	pinnacle 's instant cd+dvd might be more suitable for you .
0	i got easy cd & dvd creator 6 bundled with a dvd+/-rw drive .
0	needless to say , i was eager to get burning .
0	but , that 's neither here nor there .
0	i 'll cut to the chase .
0	i then performed a fresh install of windows xp .
0	i then installed service pack 1 and all critical updates .
0	clearly there is some serious problem with this software .
0	a bug this serious should 've been caught before beta testing .
0	many knowledgeable people advising to steer clear of this product .
0	i echo that sentiment .
0	it main problmes are 1 ) poor user interface ( i.e .
0	* it will not allow you to use your own mp3 naming format .
0	* standard features like normalization are simply left out .
0	want to find out how to burn an iso ?
0	no table of contents to just search iso .
0	you must wait on pages & pages of worthless timeconsuming manuals via pdf .
0	this is really the unforgivable part .
0	* things like dvd builder are amazingly enept .
0	both do the same thing .
0	ok saved just like the option for save .
0	thanks for nothing roxio .
0	that version was impossible to get working on a windows 98 machine .
0	every iteration of this software is wracked with problems .
0	windows xp has been around for plenty long enough .
0	the drivers for xp and 2000 should be just about the same .
0	ati has finally gotten their xp drivers up to par .
0	creative has done the same .
0	i recommend people switch to nero and do not buy this .
0	i will not buy another roxio product .
0	i will go back to nero .
0	never had a problem with it .
0	i bought this so that i could burn digital video onto a vcd .
0	roxio 's tech support is useless .
0	product does not remove previous edition , and does not load .
0	and then the problem is still not resolved .
0	undoubtedly , this company does not care about customer support or service .
0	i was very eager to put these all on dvd for my family .
0	the series of problems i had with this process was simply amazing .
0	the software did n't have fast forward or rewind buttons .
0	the software crashed numerous times .
0	i tried to simply write an image to disk .
0	the roxio message boards are full of complaints from people with the same problem .
0	i sent an email to their tech support .
0	this software should never have been released in the buggy state it is in .
0	do n't expect any kind of tech support from roxio .
0	both audio and visual playback quality of captured video clips was horrible .
0	i was unable to burn , as it repeatedly froze up after encoding .
0	what a waste of money !
0	this thing is buggy too .
0	shows do not run the entire length of songs and transitions are buggy .
0	who beta-tested this software - someone from microsoft .
0	it frankly does not work let alone work as advertised .
0	it consistently stops burning and displays error messages .
0	there is no way to correct them .
0	i have tried burning at speeds from 40x down to 8x .
0	i 've tried different media and roxio 's `` smart burn . ''
0	the same applies to disc copying .
0	i was able to burn 1 cd .
0	it took almost 7 hours and left off the last 2.5 tracks .
0	save your money and do n't bother with this program .
0	it is a total waste .
0	roxios ' support people told me to remove everything from my start up list .
0	stay far away from this bomb ...
0	the concept is fantastic !
0	however , the product will not preform as advertised .
0	the music ( sound ) will always be too long or two short .
0	when using random transitions you will never know how long each one will take .
0	once-in-a-while the random transitions will disappear half way through the project .
0	forget about technical support .
0	once you start the fast forward it goes all the way to the end .
0	eventually it comes back but in the meanwhile it 's a pain .
0	was a total waste of $ ...
0	had basic 5 version , which gave me problems .
0	tried to upgrade , blew the hard drive .
0	norton said 1038 registy errors .
0	talked with computer shop , found that the errors `` not unusual '' .
0	ecd has a great label maker , but for everything else i use nero .
0	when i installed it , it asked to be rebooted .
0	when it rebooted it knocked out my computer would not reboot .
0	technical support for my video card could not find a solution .
0	reinstalling windows did not solve the proproblem .
0	easy creator has always given me some problems .
0	it is a tempermental program to begin with .
0	i bought this against the advice of several reviews on this site .
0	you can only do that in windows explorer .
0	it 's ok , but not worth the $ i paid for it .
0	system freezes , error messages , etc .
0	plus the upgrade is so expensive , do n't be mad to buy this .
0	i have used roxio 's toast program in my college classes .
0	this product is pitiful in compairson .
0	it rewrote something in the bios and is causing problems with the whole system .
0	and this may not even fix the problem ...
0	the main problem : this horrible product corrupts at the drop of a hat .
0	run as fast as can from this product .
0	there are too many kinks in this program to work out .
0	the layout is great , but execution is poorly done .
0	as soon as this was installed on my computer , it crashed .
0	we had to wipe the entire drive because of this .
0	too bad i did n't think of doing that before i bought the software .
0	unfortunately this product is still very buggy .
0	version 5 works just fine .
0	i would stick with v5 if you have it .
0	wait until they release a service pack .
0	i am a heavy user of older easy cd creators .
0	talk about a nightmare !
0	my problem is with the sound editor function .
0	there is absolutely no help in the user 's manual .
0	no help with the moving cursors .
0	the email support is meaningless .
0	i would return the package if i could .
0	wayne is my name .
0	creating a wav file at 10mb/min is n't worth the upgrade .
0	i just want my mp3 .
0	i 'm going back to 5 .
0	do n't buy this product if you 're expecting a rebate from roxio .
0	a reboot would fix it , yet sometimes it would persist .
0	( not very promising ) .
0	i 'm not sure how they let this product out the door .
0	it 's too bad becuase their earlier versions did its job relatively seemlessly .
0	my first version was 4.0 and it performed excellent .
0	never had a problem and everything worked perfectly well .
0	but worst , it made my pc even slower ! ! !
0	i have been very happy with roxio products until this upgrade .
0	this product should never have been released .
0	and my mp3 files all disappeared .
0	all they had was `` i 'm sorry . ''
0	that 's not good enough .
0	the icing on the cake is that the program does n't even work well .
0	i hate to think about the data cd 's i 've made .
0	roxio released this version before it was ready !
0	the package is rich in advertised features , and supposedly xp compatable .
0	my experience was less than good , to be polite .
0	the roxio discussion boards are full of howling customers with serious problems .
0	i urge potential buyers to check them out before you buy .
0	the software now costs another $ + in toll charges .
0	problems : the photosuite function made my system crash .
0	the cd copier made my system crash .
0	the drag-to-disk was inoperable .
0	the cd labeler prints a hideous roxio label in an overwhelmingly big font .
0	i removed the program and got the final insult .
0	all in all , a very expensive lesson .
0	for what it is worth , this is my experience .
0	roxio does it again with poor xp support .
0	buggy , constant lock ups .
0	hey roxio : xp has been out for well over a year .
0	make your software work with it or fade into obscurity .
0	this software is technically complicated .
0	after about a year , they announced ( very discretely ! )
0	there was no offer to compensate those that paid for this software .
0	even after that debacle , the tech support has not improved .
0	try nero 5.5 , pictureit , and realone player .
0	a much better combination .
0	it took me three days to recover the system .
0	... just my 2 cents worth , but i thought you should be aware .
0	if you get this program , plan on the extra expense for other software .
0	does n't work with my pro-ject debut carbon .
0	the answer is : it cant .
0	try another barbie game like barbie horse adventure .
0	she always chooses her barbie as rapunzel game instead .
0	this stylus worked great for about a month .
0	i have no idea why or how .
0	anyway , it worked great right up until it broke for no apparent reason ...
0	1 of these came bent bought as replacements , messed up ! !
0	they do track better but bass response is lower as well as output .
0	they were kinda a let down .
0	i guess i 'll be looking for some new groove master 2 's .
0	i was pretty upset when i received these and realized they were knock-offs .
0	make sure your needles say shure on them !
0	stay away ! ! ! !
0	be wary of buying this product .
0	i also had problems getting technical support help .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	headphones are very low .
0	the material looks and feels very cheap .
0	would not recommend this product to anyone that has a studio .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	they feel like they are going to break .
0	and when music is played with them it sounds like pure s*** .
0	its a crackling sound so loud you cant hear what your listening to .
0	a baby monitor , monitors sounds too .
0	a weird things happens when you place these in your ears .
0	a wind tunnel feeling traps the sounds and splits them apart in weird places .
0	i 'm moving from 2 to 1 star .
0	the sound is good and it 's very comfortable .
0	these headphones are not very good .
0	the problem with these headphones is a very unbalanced frequency response .
0	guitar , organ , drums , and vocals ) would be back stage .
0	it is those back-stage instruments that are playing the main musical content .
0	so for the folks who read this ... buy a battery too ! ! !
0	i 'm a tenor who use pc to record my vocal .
0	this mic is just so-so , slightly better than a chat-mic .
0	i purchased this microphone & i am returning it the same day .
0	ca n't complain too much , it was less than $ 10 .
0	i have not tried this product with other devices .
0	i use my pc for all of my recording .
0	mic is solid , no complaints about the microphone unit itself .
0	it does this constantly .
0	factor a new cable into the price before you finish shopping .
0	arrived on time , and operational .
0	okay for karaoke use , though not great .
0	used it only for a few hours .
0	now the brand new microphone does n't work .
0	i bought it despite the warnings that the gain was very low .
0	i planned on using it in my computer .
0	well , that was n't good enough either .
0	this mic needs a microphone pre-amp .
0	that being the case you could buy a better microphone with that money .
0	do n't by this mike .
0	its a piece , it cuts out , and crackles .
0	save your money and buy elsewhere
0	do n't buy this .
0	there are deaf toddlers who can record my voice better than this microphone .
0	it works - badly , so i give it one star .
0	could not return as i had the receipt drycleaned !
0	why on earth would sony design and sell this product ?
0	this time i have the receipt and surely will return it !
0	we just purchased this from a different vendor .
0	thank goodness we do n't have to deal with return shipping ! !
0	it also does n't have an on/off switch .
0	with the boombox volume at a decent level , nothing came through the microphone .
0	did not work with anything .
0	but for the price i ca n't complain .
0	but i mean the price says it all !
0	horrible , flimsy , and broke quick .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	you can barely hear it .
0	when its plugged in and on .
0	one works sometimes ... the other one is worse .
0	these are crappy excuses for microphones .
0	do not but these .
0	i tried un 2 places and it does n't work
0	quality is very poor .
0	garbage , arrived not working ... thank god it was only 8 bucks wasted
0	did n't work for my daughter radio
0	i purchased a different brand and it works great .
0	broke the first day !
0	this was not at all what i was expecting .
0	it was extremely light weight and felt fakr
0	does n't work tried it on everything with a mic.input.no sound.sony+chinese crap as usual .
0	it broke the same day we got it .
0	do n't buy for any reason .
0	i paid $ 3.99 and got ripped off .
0	the sound is low and of poor quality .
0	does n't work with a computer ? ? ?
0	very cheap and not very loud .
0	needs a mixer button .
0	very disappointed with this microphone .
0	do not buy this microphone .
0	i do like their directional mike the pdmic58 which is very good .
0	this microphone is going in the trash .
0	my mistake i did not read the reviews .
0	we were on a budget and well i should have saved my money .
0	very disappointed in this particular sony product ...
0	very little sound comes from this microphone .
0	this microphone barely picks up sound .
0	i purchased singing machine smm205 which works fine and threw this one away .
0	also omnidirectional is not good for voice .
0	the mic dose not work at all i am not happy at all ! !
0	it is not sensitive enough for satisfactory sound production .
0	unidirectional mike has a little better reception because it is made for speaking .
0	this mic is ok. i would n't recommend it .
0	it 's the old saying - you get what you pay for .
0	i was suspicious with the cheap price and for good reason .
0	( ? ? ? )
0	i will not be buying another sony mic regardless of the cost !
0	it is also really lightweight .
0	you just get what you pay for .
0	the procuct said it would work for any machine , it did not .
0	you can only hear sound from it when there is no music playing .
0	then the music starts and nothing .
0	i would suggest buying a mic that matches the brand of the machine purchased .
0	good thing it was only 10 bucks .
0	i was really upset .
0	santa brought this for christmas .
0	it did not last two days !
0	the mic feels nice and heavy and looks great .
0	the problem is in the wiring .
0	and i thought sony could n't go wrong , lol .
0	well the mic is a piece of junk and worthless to me .
0	do n't buy it .
0	spend a little more money and get something that works .
0	mic itself is very cheap and flimsy feeling .
0	it makes me so upset .
0	do n't buy it .
0	do n't use it .
0	it is made in china .
0	please help me solve it .
0	mic is very bad quality .
0	very light compared to others i have .
0	it feels like a toy mic that belongs to a cheap toy keyboard .
0	this microphone does not work well .
0	the worst singer gets the bad microphone .
0	i will buy another kind soon because this will not last .
0	this may be the cheapest piece of junk you can buy on amazon .
0	it feels like a kids toy .
0	boy was i wrong .
0	do n't buy it for any reason .
0	this microphone looks ok but it works terrible .
0	i would not recommend anyone buy this .
0	i was not impressed by this product at all .
0	i thought since it was sony it would be good but clearly not .
0	this never worked for me on an amp or my computer .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	it also supposedly has more wattage than some of the others .
0	thank god i tried it before xmas after my daughters were in bed .
0	also you can barely hear anything through the microphone .
0	basically this is a not so cheap , poor quality cd player .
0	i am returning it asap .
0	much to my dismay , my daughter returned it tome in february .
0	we purchased this for our 10 year old daughter .
0	this guitar is good for a 5-9 year old .
0	it 's a beautiful guitar but a small 3/4 size guitar .
0	that makes a difference if you are looking to fit a 9-12 year old .
0	other than the scale length , i would say this is a good guitar .
0	the guitar is good , but it is cracked .
0	guitar had a strong , toxic smell from glues or wood conditioners .
0	i even checked to see if i was sent the wrong guitar .
0	the picture attached - is 3 guitars .
0	the yard stick is 36 '' long .
0	it was broke had cracks
0	does not hold a tune and sounds awful .
0	only marginally better than a toy guitar .
0	returned was not the quality i was expecting .
0	also a lot smaller than indicated
0	honestly i did n't check when it arrived .
0	i could n't find a way to contact the seller either .
0	do n't know what to do .
0	the sound is good though .
0	hope the seller can help .
0	the guitar is nice but it 's a 1/4 not a 3/4 .
0	looks like my regular size guitar had a baby .
0	giving it 2 stars because it sounds nice .
0	it was also very orange in color .
0	i ended up returning it .
0	does n't even deserve one star .
0	did n't try argued time .
0	i could n't use it , because it had steel strings .
0	do not buy this if you want a normal full guitar .
0	wish i could exchange this to an adult size ; (
0	this guitar is not the actual size .
0	its much smaller than 3/4 .
0	if you are buying for a toddler its good .
0	this product cracked in 6 weeks .
0	do not buy this from them .
0	i borrowed my friends guitar in order to get my nephew to play .
0	with new strings , it still sounds lousy .
0	i have had several guitars .
0	this was purchased as a first guitar gift for my kids .
0	otherwise the guitar sounds good for the price .
0	this item is not the complete cartridge , but instead just the replacement needle .
0	so be careful when you order .
0	i 've played many records with it , mostly rock/soul/funk and electronic .
0	the seller send me new model at440mla , but it 's worse than at440ml .
0	the seller ( electronics expo ) do n't answer to e-mail .
0	this at440ml cartridge has been discontinued and is no longer available .
0	the replacement is at440mla .
0	please add this type of warning so people do n't waste money .
0	does not fit frigidaire cook top .
0	did n't work on an old range .
0	even with all the adapters these did not fit my range top .
0	they are not long enough !
0	did not fit my range as indicated in the description .
0	the universal adapter did not work at all for me .
0	they were way too short , even with multiple modifications .
0	maybe they will work for you ?
0	if so it can save you money .
0	the inserts will not stay in position when pushing down to turn on .
0	some of the washers did not fit properly and the knobs were mush smaller .
0	could not get them to fit , so just tossed them .
0	should have returned them for a credit .
0	i just think its a poor design .
0	did n't fit my on my stove
0	did not fit my stove
0	did n't fit my stove : (
0	we even tried to shave them down .
0	we have a kenmore stove top range
0	i installed one of the knobs .
0	it looks like it fits but it wo n't turn at all .
0	they are useless to me .
0	my fumbling attempts to adapt the knobs have been unsuccessful .
0	i bought these for my ancient ge electric range .
0	product description said it would fit lots of stoves .
0	mine is a regular whirlpool stove and none of the dials fit .
0	no fault of the seller , but this product is awful .
0	poorly constructed , cheap looking .
0	the interchangable rings provided with the knobs are also cheap looking .
0	sorry , but do not buy this product .
0	i bought these thinking it would fit my stove , i have a kenmore .
0	i thought since it had different sizes one was bound to fit .
0	all were shaped odd and only one would slide on .
0	i tried putting the knob on sizer and it seemed to fit .
0	once i tried to turn the knob on it would just turn and turn .
0	it was so loose !
0	then to take that small piece out of the knob was a nightmare .
0	i fond my replacement knobs on ebay !
0	very cheaply made and did n't work .
0	i tried many different ones and found the same .
0	sent some back and ordered other one ... and threw them away .
0	really cheap ends but what can you expect for the price .
0	i did n't check reviews before buying so got stuck
0	i bought two of these and i had problems immediately with one of them .
0	i determined that the xlr connectors just were n't satisfactory .
0	fortunately , i 'm decent with electronics , so i got out my multimeter .
0	i was getting connectivity issues with serveral pins .
0	so i unscrewed the ends and pulled back the covers to reveal the wiring .
0	i re-soldered that and tried again .
0	back to the workbench , pulled apart both ends .
0	the wrong wires were going to the wrong contacts .
0	once i de-soldered these , fixed them , and re-soldered them ?
0	but i do n't suppose one should have to do that .
0	i 've learned my lesson and will spend the extra money on better cables .
0	have n't bought nady cables ever since .
0	i purchased this thinking that i would have it at least a year .
0	i would have expected better .
0	ordered two , took them to a show only one of them works .
0	purchased 1/31/12 and already is crapping out on me .
0	going to purchase monster - you get what you pay for !
0	i purchased two of these cables five months ago when i expanded my set-up .
0	i wonder when the other will fail ... proceed with caution .
0	very high noise floor .
0	be warned it adds a horrible hum to you mixer when mics are on .
0	not that great to be honest highly disappointed would not recommend .
0	tried ground loop isolator checked everything to no avail .
0	hums when connected to the system
0	i wound up returning it and using a behringer xenyx 802 which works great .
0	i have barely used these cables for mics in a garage band set up .
0	i would not recommend these at all .
0	we purchased this as 2nd mic to my kids karaoke machine .
0	it lasted about a year before it broke .
0	my kids are n't hard on their things .
0	it seems to be a wiring issue .
0	lasted a few uses .
0	then it started to cut out
0	this worked great for about 6 weeks then shorted out .
0	used 2 time and now not working anymore
0	i would not recommend this product .
0	it 's too late for a return to amazon .
0	not worth tje money .
0	poor connection loss of signal..
0	stopped working after a day , waste of money .
0	it is broken after i used for two months .
0	this microphone had good reviews at the time of my purchase .
0	i trusted them believing this was a reliable product .
0	i received it in a timely fashion and it did not appear damaged .
0	it worked for my first use thank goodness .
0	but it began to have problems .
0	i would not recommend this microphone .
0	returned also with key board
0	mic does not las long ... do n't buy .
0	i used it maybe on 3 occasions and it does not work anymore .
0	i was really disappointed that the mic failed .
0	it seems like a good quality , but it is not
0	stopped working after about 3 months
0	sorry but the cord broke on the 2nd day we had this .
0	needs a stronger cord .
0	bought this few years ago but did n't to use .
0	finally , i used it this christmas .
0	after using this microphone for few songs it stopped working .
0	i am not sure if it is the cable or the microphone itself .
0	switch in the microphone was incorrectly wired so it would no switch on .
0	poor quality control at manufacturing .
0	sound quality was not that great for singing .
0	i 'm going to return it .
0	this thing broke within a month and i could n't even re-wire it .
0	do n't buy it .
0	ordered this to go along with a kid karaoke machine .
0	started cutting out the first time we used it .
0	cord did n't work !
0	i had to go to guitar center for a new cord..
0	the power button broke on the 2nd use .
0	stopped working in just over a year and only used a few times .
0	had to return it .
0	sound quality is very poor ...
0	the microphone felt durable enough , i suppose .
0	it was the cord itself that started to fall apart just after several uses .
0	the wires within the cord started to disconnect at the plug .
0	mics stopped working after a couple weeks .
0	switch on item broke after very little use .
0	it did n't even last two weeks .
0	following limited use , the cable pulled out .
0	recommend others buy a different microphone .
0	i bought this for my nieces for christmas .
0	they used it twice and it 's already broken .
0	it broke after using it for one month .
0	on/off button broke in three days ( used maybe three or four times ) .
0	my daughter received this for christmas and it broke within 2 days .
0	one twin was not happy .
0	i bought this in addition to the hkaraoke machine .
0	the nady mic worked fine for a couple months but now nothing .
0	no sound at all .
0	looks like i 'll have to find a better brand and pay twice .
0	bought this in may .
0	gave it to our daughter in october for her birthday .
0	quit working last night .
0	then there is this humming noise when i use the microphone .
0	the noise becomes louder and louder and i have to stop using it .
0	i guess you get what you pay for .
0	save your money for a better quality microphone .
0	broke first day ... not good quality
0	as delivered , it would not work .
0	it 's an ok microphone
0	bought it , used it the same day .
0	the mic gave out .
0	the cable seems to be what i bought !
0	because the mic ended up in the trash !
0	-.- ' could be a one time incident but still !
0	had to go spend more money on another mic since that was so dissapointing !
0	if you get a functional model , you 're in for a treat .
0	but hey its your gamble .
0	have another that we will see how long that lasts .
0	2 weeks after i received the product , the cord or the microphone broke .
0	even when it did `` work '' , it was still shorting out .
0	item broke 30 days after i bought it .
0	would like a replacement .
0	ok i guess for the price
0	stopped working after a few weeks
0	bought 4 of them .
0	either wire , microphone head , or bottom blug-ins .
0	this did not work properly out of the box .
0	the one that came with the $ 50 child 's karoke machine works better .
0	i 'm returning it .
0	i bought 2 of these microphones for my daughters for christmas .
0	the both cords broke instantly !
0	we used it for a couple of times and found it was not working .
0	i wanted to return it but found that it just passed the return deadline .
0	since then i left it in the garage .
0	it wastes the money .
0	i rather have something better
0	cheep not buy this mic
0	chord broke within the first month of use .
0	thank goodness for duct tape !
0	good news , its a $ 10 mic .
0	bad news , they do not hold up to the rigors of the road .
0	they are not built for heavy use .
0	i spin 2-4 nights a week and they simply do not hold up .
0	all three have went bad at the xlr connection in the mic .
0	save your money and buy better .
0	this is cheaply engineered and most likely manufactured in china .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	the mic works fine but the cable is garbage .
0	my mouth has to be on the frame just to pick up clear sound .
0	this is a good mic for messing around , nothing else .
0	i do not recommend this mic for any pro audio work .
0	you get what you pay for here , buyer beware .
0	buyer beware , you definitely get what you paid for in this item .
0	after two uses , the unit no longer works .
0	i tried plugging into different speaker box & mixers w/ the same result .
0	it messed up a week after using it
0	do n't waste your time !
0	these are not worth the time .
0	very disappointed in all aspects of this purchase !
0	would not recommend it .
0	i purchased this mic thinking it was going to be durable .
0	with adult use , and only approx .
0	3-5 days after receiving the item , it 's broken .
0	oh well i guess .
0	the microphone itself is pretty heavy duty , however the cord is junk .
0	i returned it and will try a more expensive one .
0	mics are of good quality but the cords were of low quality .
0	one of them was shorting and the other does not work at all .
0	my 8 year old daughter was crushed .
0	it was broken when i got it i hated it .
0	i am never buying that product again i hated it
0	microphone has already fallen apart and volume is less than desirable .
0	while i love to sing i thought the quality of machine would be better
0	microphone is ok i guess but the cord that came with it is worthless .
0	it 's good but not that good their are some electric problems with it .
0	i rated it because i liked it !
0	( made in china ) !
0	this product does not meet out expectations .
0	it requires manipulation of the cord and the connection during use .
0	i would not recommend this product .
0	neither of the two microphones i ordered for my granddaughters for christmas worked .
0	why do people sell things that they must know does n't work .
0	as many people as reviewed said the cable was messed up .
0	they have to know they are screwed up .
0	the cable is horrible and cheap .
0	it lasted only about 3 months and then broke .
0	i wo n't be buying this brand again .
0	we did n't even get to use it all that much .
0	my son got this for christmas .
0	it sounded good for the first couple of weeks he had it .
0	unfortunately , it now appears to be unusable .
0	audio cut in and out the first time we tried it .
0	seems like a cheap cable .
0	every time i move it with my fingers it cuts out .
0	she used them maybe 10 times for short periods and they stopped working .
0	i guess pretty bad build quality .
0	pretty much only static and noise after 5 days of normal use .
0	this is one of the worst microphones i have ever used .
0	i only used it once and had to duck tape it together .
0	my daughter got this mic for christmas .
0	shortly after new year 's , it stopped working .
0	before that , it seemed to work well .
0	this low-budget mic really was n't worth the money .
0	i mean , even for a kid it tries their patience .
0	i give it two stars instead of one because it did sort of work .
0	that was more than the cost of the item itself !
0	it never worked from the first time we tried it .
0	i think i should have been reimbursed for this thing entirely .
0	i would not recommend this to anyone .
0	this thing broke after two uses .
0	this microphone broke after only a couple of uses .
0	cord went out during a special show .
0	only lasted 5 shows .
0	the mic still works fine .
0	that 's the 3rd nady product to go bad on us .
0	i purchased this item to use with a small amplifier .
0	after only 45 seconds of use the microphone malfunctioned and stopped working altogether .
0	if you want to actually use the microphone do n't buy this one .
0	also the hassle of returning the product to amazon is a pain and inconvenient .
0	maybe somethings still need to be purchased at a brick and mortar store .
0	i bought this microphone for my singing machine .
0	i waited a month , and they never sent me a replacement .
0	i eventually got it , unfortunately they sent me a refurbished replacement .
0	i used it once or twice , and then it stopped working .
0	my other microphone still worked great with my karaoke machine .
0	nady 's quality of their products is terrible .
0	the cheap one that came with my karaoke machine worked better than nady 's .
0	finally , when i bought this microphone on amazon , it was $ 25 .
0	do n't waste your money or time on this .
0	the microphone appeared `` open or used '' and clearly was not working .
0	very dissatisfied with this product .
0	i originally bought this as a second mic for my daughter 's karaoke machine .
0	( i will try to include a picture ) .
0	it took maybe two months , but it happened again .
0	this product should n't even be sold .
0	i would give it no stars if that were an option .
0	i purchased this as a second microphone for my daughter 's karaoke machine .
0	i bought it prior to her sleepover birthday party .
0	the microphone quit working after an hour usage .
0	the girls were disappointed .
0	so , i ordered a replacement .
0	the replacement worked for a few hours , then it quit .
0	i regret to report the non - dynamic aspect worked briefly , now failed .
0	this microphone is cheaply made .
0	the cables short out .
0	all of them are cracked by the screw in the base .
0	time to start searching for a better quality one !
0	seemed fine while it lasted , but beware .
0	this not a good product .
0	i bought two of these microphones for my karaoke system at home .
0	at first , they were wonderful .
0	the quality was great for the price .
0	but in less than 2 months , both are not working at all .
0	both have bad wire connection issues .
0	i wish i knew who to report this too , assuming anyone even cares .
0	xlr jack only connects to the microphone .
0	either way ill be sending it back , for both reasons .
0	i just received this product and it came without the adapter for pc usage .
0	needless to say , i 'm quite upset.i
0	good device , good cable .
0	we purchased this microphone as a christmas present .
0	it lasted 1 day before the cable had a short in it .
0	like always , amazon replaced with no hassles .
0	do yourself a favor and do not buy this microphone .
0	the sound alone is worth the price .
0	i believe the entire setup with behringer mic and xlr cable was approx .
0	bought 4 of these about 6 weeks ago , using them for classroom .
0	connection ( 3 xlr pins ) become loose , female cord does n't connect .
0	would n't buy again .
0	you can barely hear it and the cord broke in about 2 weeks .
0	need i say more ?
0	save your money and buy another mic for 30-40 bucks .
0	this is the best microphone i 've ever used .
0	this new nady microphone was so much better than the sony .
0	technology has really improved since 10 years ago .
0	the sony mic was no comparison to this new nady mic .
0	feels heavy in hand ( in a good way ) .
0	cable is high quality and much thicker than my sony mic .
0	so i ca n't recommend a product that stops working after only 2 years .
0	this is a remarkably heavy duty , metal microphone with good sound .
0	this was a gift for my grandson .
0	he has taped the cable to the connector .
0	at this price , it is probably not worth returning .
0	the wire broke away from the microphone after only 3 weeks of use .
0	i would not recommend this produt .
0	my daughter purchased this microphone for her karaoke machine .
0	it broke after only a few uses .
0	we never received a replacement and they claim to have no record of anything .
0	unfortunately i lost the return number so my daughter is out of luck .
0	bad product and bad customer service .
0	in less than a week it no longer worked .
0	i wouldnt reccommend because u really get what u paid for .
0	mine died too after using it just a few times .
0	this mic was used six weeks before it failed to operate .
0	there was no abuse and was only used with the mic stand .
0	i will opt for a better mic the next time around .
0	this is useless if you are looking at out of the box product .
0	the cable that plugs into the mic is looses .
0	the cable seems well made .
0	it will sound fine on stereo speakers , but not mono .
0	i replaced this with a hosa and everything is fine now .
0	this cable worked for me for one day .
0	when i plugged in on day two , nothing .
0	would have returned , but i needed a new cable immediately .
0	this cable broke within a month for me .
0	it seems to be well constructed ... do n't be fooled !
0	lousy warranty would n't you say .
0	people , the cable merely worked .
0	i bought it new and during shipping it must have broken !
0	mine broke after the fourth time i used it !
0	the sound was too quiet also !
0	and they `` were '' my best friends !
0	i spent all the money i had on it !
0	range is extremely short for this microphone , like 7 feet .
0	this microphone in theory , is a good deal .
0	on the first day , the cord broke right at the base .
0	if you want something cheap , this is okay .
0	not bad for the price though .
0	if you need something cheap just for fun , this would be okay .
0	that 's right , they cut you off .
0	and most of the `` songs '' are really lessons .
0	pass on this one .
0	if you 're an intermediate player approach with caution .
0	i am very disappointed in this product considering the other options .
0	you can also download the guitar tab and tone settings .
0	the bad thing is that the tab playback software is pretty bad .
0	it 's just displaying a pdf on screen and scrolling as the track plays .
0	also the number of songs available is a problem .
0	they are n't really updating their catalog .
0	overall i would give this a grade c- as a learning tool .
0	it has potential for intermediate players , but that 's about it .
0	as a tool for bass guitarist , guitarport is useless .
0	only two stars for lack of coherence for the education/training this thing provides .
0	overall a decent product ideally that has been very very poorly executed .
0	i also bought some of these a few years ago .
0	i initially gave these a good review .
0	this is my last alesis purchase .
0	this is not a matter of people blowing them through playing loudly .
0	mine blew just sitting idle .
0	the psu in these monitors was designed badly and will eventually fail .
0	the resistor gets too warm and is mounted close to the cap .
0	not at all ) .
0	these monitors have excellent sound .
0	i doubt you 'll ever hear a complaint about them on that score .
0	there are none even close to as good for the money .
0	they are , however , one of the most unreliable monitors on the market .
0	capacitors burn out and power supplies stop working .
0	this unit was in my possession for only 3 days .
0	the battery cover constantly comes off and the battery will fall out .
0	the interface and screen is pretty nice , as well as the button placement .
0	sound quality was also excellent .
0	its cheap construction can not be overlooked .
0	my unit 's battery cover did n't even lineup correctly with the case .
0	pass on this one .
0	i have had nothing but trouble with it .
0	it will not support playlist for songs stored on a sd card .
0	the songs display the wrong artist when switching tracks .
0	sometimes it will not turn off or the menu will not come up .
0	i have been a musician for 30+ years .
0	well , the microphone is phenomenal but the on/off switch is an utter joke .
0	cant believe how bad the switch is ... .
0	i got a defective item .
0	the on off switch is broken .
0	this feedback is for more for amazon rather than for the product .
0	i know shure sm58 is an excellent product .
0	unfortunately amazon sent me a defective one .
0	but it certainly is disappointing to get a defective product .
0	i should have gone for the one without the switch .
0	kept being cords thinking maybe it was the cord .
0	contacted the seller and no response .
0	1st of it was a fake !
0	oh ya when the box says made in china gotcha .
0	do n't pay 99 or 105 $ for a nock off .
0	this is counterfeit version of shure product , according to shure inc .
0	did i get a knock-off that i was assured of not getting ? ?
0	i get both shure sm58s and sennheiser e 835s from amazon .
0	however , e835s made the vocal part stand out of the music .
0	hence i returned sm58s .
0	hope this review helps for someone with similar circumstances .
0	i purchased five of these microphones .
0	i am very angry and disappointed amazon .
0	looked like a real one but was either defective or fake .
0	crap , bad sound , poor quality
0	i 've had a couple pg58 's for 10 years ( same model ) .
0	i purchased several of these to find they stop working after approximately 10-20 uses .
0	i have the same complain for this mike as well .
0	they are two small than expected .
0	i got this from dual photo deals seller and is a fake product .
0	no acoustic isolation : every single handling movement was broadcasted .
0	shure customer service and my local shure representative confirmed the counterfait product .
0	returned product and in refund process with amazon .
0	this hunk of junk was counterfeit .
0	i sent in for repair and shure returned it to me as counterfeit .
0	i got my money back and bought a blue !
0	i only had it 6 months .
0	weerata.wongkraiwhat a piece or garbage .
0	i ca n't find any information on the seller either !
0	perhaps these newer mic 's are cheap-o imports ?
0	it just does n't compare to the sm58 at all .
0	i 'm by no means an audiophile or advanced critic .
0	i donated the pg .
0	there 's just no comparison in quality , volume and performance .
0	always sounded tinny , no matter what .
0	this is not original product .
0	i 'm not satisfied .
0	too late to return : (
0	i bought this mic for use doing interviews .
0	this is not true .
0	dont need it sending it back
0	bootleg , terrible , did n't work at all !
0	i returned this mic due to it 's poor audio quality .
0	i did not feel that the audio frequency response met my modest expectations .
0	the sound produced was very `` tinny '' .
0	i purchased 2 of these mics and one did n't work at all .
0	sure enough after two uses it does n't work at all either .
0	and now it 's too late to return it !
0	do n't buy it !
0	looks durable but the sound quality is not as powerful as i thought .
0	i tried to replace the microphone of my karaoke machine with this .
0	i ordered two shure sm58s .
0	yet i received 2 sm58 this morning .
0	could you tell me something is wrong ?
0	somee how is defects .
0	i bought female to male adaptor to connect withmy karoke .
0	no sound at all .
0	i havw to send all back..
0	i had to buy these because i had misplaced my sennheisers !
0	someone had told me to never by the shures with a switch .
0	i 'm currently requesting a return through amazon .
0	i 'm hoping to hear back soon from the seller .
0	whether i kept the mic close to my lips or away .
0	the on off switch on shure 58 mic did not work .
0	i ended up returning this product .
0	may be it was just my luck .
0	took the 20 % restocking hit as well .
0	this was my first time when i was trying out home recording equipment .
0	for those interested in home recordings , this video might be helpful [ ... ]
0	there are counterfeits out there ... be careful ! ! !
0	i normally rate genuine shure 57 microphones as 5-stars .
0	weak signal on my 2i2 , defective batch .
0	you 're buying a brand , not a quality microphone .
0	this is n't the shure of the olden days .
0	this is poorly manufacturer , dull sounding , and un-durable junk .
0	go with seinheiser or ev , save yourself the headache .
0	sad but true , shure is n't what it used to be .
0	that makes it useless for pretty much every other purpose , e.g .
0	there are much better options .
0	not worth $ 100 .
0	returned for full refund , i live amazon returns .
0	quit working after 6 months .
0	the shure service department confirmed this is an imitation .
0	a well disguised counterfeit .
0	they sold me a copy , and it does n't work .
0	it has some details that the original do n't have .
0	i 'm going to take legal actions against the seller for cheating me .
0	they sold it to me as an original shure sm57
0	do not buy this mic .
0	it is a knock off .
0	not a genuine shure mic .
0	bought 2. they have the same serial number .
0	did further research to confirm they are not genuine shure sm57 micd .
0	this microphone is not original ! !
0	i returned this immediately .
0	the top plastic piece with the mesh was wobbly .
0	not the quality i expected from a $ 100 shure product .
0	one thing to watch out for is at the xlr connector .
0	i would not recommend the x2u to anyone .
0	the design of these mics goes back about 40 years .
0	but a lot has happened with microphone technology during that time .
0	virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better .
0	and all of which have better off-axis rejection and higher gain before feedback .
0	there are much better choices for your money .
0	on the plus side , both the sm57 and sm58 are nearly bullet-proof .
0	i used to have the version 7.x of this program .
0	worked just fine , did its job .
0	version 8 then came out , worked fine , not a problem .
0	wo n't even rip cd 's anymore , what the $ % ! # ?
0	not a single problem again .
0	10. great jukebox , lots of cool features , much better than winamp .
0	capable of burning songs , but never used this feature .
0	very annoying , not to mention time consuming .
0	i tried several times , and it still did n't work .
0	gave the product 2 stars because of the cool features it has .
0	your best bet is to go with real player .
0	i have a dell xps with a cdrw and dvd+ram .
0	tech support did not respond to my help request from their online website .
0	i could only guess , why it got 5 stars on a other review .
0	musicmatch jukebox deluxe 8 did not deliver as promised .
0	update : worked with musicmatch customer service to try to correct my issues .
0	there is nothing family size about this wash board .
0	purely decorative not functional .
0	went apart after couple of uses .
0	metal part is too lean .
0	this is not what i wanted .
0	if you 're just looking for decor , this is nice .
0	it 's quite flimsy .
0	this `` replica '' has a giant dot.com address plastered across it .
0	horrible marketing to put a e-mail website across the product .
0	it ruins the whole vibe .
0	i think its supposed to be a toy .
0	the panel is not wide enough .
0	do not buy if you plan on using it for washing clothes .
0	poorly constructed and not sturdy .
0	galvanized steel is also poorly constructed .
0	as mentioned , the wood is poorly constructed .
0	although it said it is made in the us but i am disappointed .
0	how can rubbing a dirty sock on a smooth wave get your clothes clean ?
0	it is real wood yes , but super light weight wood .
0	it reminds me of something decorative and not something that you can use practically .
0	i am going to return it .
0	got this program with my new dell computer .
0	i spent hours putting together a great dvd with photo slides and videos .
0	when i went to burn it to dvd it kept coming up with errors .
0	lots of time wasted here .
0	absolute waste of time and money .
0	already that 's a lot of time wasted .
0	# 4 : tech support is a joke .
0	nearly useless knowledgebase , unresponsive tech support staff .
0	it is definitely not for total beginners .
0	the games require that you already know how to read music to some extent .
0	pay more , get a better kit from say `` elderly instruments '' .
0	this was an ok kit .
0	once i was done i let the grand kids use it for a toy .
0	i thought that my teenagers would like these kits for a unique christmas gift .
0	they did not like them , however .
0	when i tried to return them , i ran into some issues .
0	first i called the company and was told that they were not returnable items .
0	so my $ 56.00 purchase was returned and i was credited approximately $ 39.00 .
0	i would not purchase anything from grizzly again in the future !
0	the hardware was junk as well as the strings .
0	pass on this one unless you want to use it for decoration .
0	we tried to connect the inport to a dell dimension running windows millenium .
0	two 3-hour telephone calls to dell ascertained that the computer was functioning correctly .
0	be aware of the limits of this software .
0	file 95/98/nt ( no ) 2000 or xp update .
0	i am serious , it is that bad .
0	so , i do n't rate the product very high .
0	the hardware is good , but the software is terrible .
0	i had to reformat my harddrive and reinstall windows to sort the drivers out .
0	avoid this if you do n't have an older computer .
0	they also had problems with the drivers and ended up downloading them from m-audio .
0	needless to say , i returned it for a refund .
0	no supported by windows xp media center .
0	i finally found this on the manufacturer web page .
0	bought one of these a while back .
0	since then i 've changed to vista 64 bit operating system .
0	big mistake m-audio has no support what so ever .
0	that was nearly over half a year ago .
0	stay clear of this company !
0	too bad , looked like a good product .
0	did n't work on any of my vista machines .
0	in system preferences i changed all the proper input settings for the mobilepre .
0	it was so soft .
0	i registered so i could sign on and contact tech support .
0	perhaps this product works with windows machines .
0	i could n't get it to work on an intel macpro running os 10.5.2
0	i shopped real stores and bought a beautiful stratocaster .
0	my musician friends are back in town and say line 6 is better .
0	no matter i 'm very happy to be playing again .
0	the m-audio was a refurbish ... no bargain
0	great price for a portable usb mic pre .
0	but you definitely get what you pay for .
0	the audio quality is extremely poor , and it quite often crashed the system .
0	feature : feature set is also pretty good .
0	has a pad and twin headphone jacks as well .
0	i played with this for a while and just gave up and returned it .
0	value : feature set is great but the firewire side is just not reliable .
0	instead i wasted a lot of time failing to diagnose what was wrong .
0	desirability : nice looking product .
0	they just gave up on me .
0	overall : feature set is good .
0	anything plugged into your firewire ports other than the 410 will cause driver errors .
0	save yourself the money and headaches and invest in another unit .
0	crackles and a high level of whitenoise in the background .
0	so i have to shutdown .
0	i have read reports of people having problems with this unit .
0	it only seemed like a fraction .
0	i hoped i would n't be one .
0	and i use it for writing , photos , video , games and music .
0	there are other options out there that do n't have the same problems .
0	all in all this is a hellish little device .
0	it 's a nice idea but it does n't really work .
0	hi , i 've been a long time mac and pc user .
0	i was careful - at all times .
0	i had the device working one minute .
0	it was connected the whole time to my fw400 port .
0	the fw400 was the only device connected other than a keyboard and mouse .
0	of course , this is just after my warranty ran out .
0	repair requires new logic board .
0	this was my last straw with m-audio .
0	i 've been writing and producing electronic music for 20 years .
0	i know what i am doing .
0	the user experience with this device in getting it going is unacceptable .
0	it wo n't work right at all on a new imac .
0	not cool , at all .
0	would not recommend to anyone , will not be buying more m-audio products .
0	when we first got the 410 , it worked fine .
0	( little late for that ) .
0	i 'm sure there are a lot better things out there .
0	the sound is very stuffy .
0	i have problems with snaps and crackles constantly .
0	i have to reinstall the drivers every month or two .
0	i would never buy this product or any other product from m-audio again .
0	i just ca n't figure out how they got a deal with digidesign .
0	this is by far the worst firewire interface i 've had .
0	i would not recommend this product to anyone .
0	i 've had mine for several years .
0	dead as a doornail , even the mac os would n't recognize it .
0	all it does is blink , showing that it is getting power .
0	numerous live shows have almost been canceled due this temperamental little beast .
0	i would not wish this thing on my worst enemy !
0	i 'm changing my review from 1 star to 3 stars .
0	all i get is a blue blinking light .
0	i 've read all the online advice .
0	nothing works , including my 410. stay away from this product . ''
0	i do n't understand why , but it 's true .
0	a real step backwards .
0	once you understand all that , the thing works great .
0	the product worked decently for about 3 months .
0	the mic inputs never sounded great .
0	suddenly , for no reason , it stopped initializing on startup .
0	now the extremely bright led light just blinks .
0	buy something more reliable .
0	sound is clean , and i love all the inputs and outputs .
0	notice i said the software is good , not the drivers .
0	if you plan to dual-boot between mac and windows , forget this unit .
0	then , you have about an 80/20 chance of it working .
0	when you boot into windows again later , it probably wo n't get recognized .
0	then you have to reboot .
0	are you starting to get the picture ?
0	now , with most units , this would n't be a big problem .
0	sounds like a winning combination , does n't it ?
0	stay far away from this unit .
0	do n't be lured in by the extra outputs .
0	i blew out mine while trying to initially install it .
0	i would definately recomend staying away from this product .
0	unfortunately i regret it every time i use it .
0	first off , the device has no os pre-loaded .
0	it 's loaded when you start up windows/osx and this in itself causes problems .
0	this makes absolutely no sense whatsoever .
0	when it 's off it should n't be screaming at you i think .
0	the drivers are also pretty horrible .
0	anyway the whole things saddens me .
0	i can attest to this .
0	you 're probably wondering why i had two of these units .
0	i always thought the problems were just my setup until i did more research .
0	after further research , i 'm probably going to buy a presonus firebox .
0	it works for a little while , then al the sound goes dead .
0	wish i would have done more homework before spending my money .
0	no response from customer service or the retailer ( electronica direct ) .
0	i like m-audio but stating this box has 4in is misleading .
0	you can only use 2 inputs at a time .
0	that should be clearly stated - really lame .
0	i could not understand what the problem was .
0	i got this interface to play live shows with my synthpop group .
0	the audio skips and crackles .
0	sometimes the unit will stop working in the middle of a performance .
0	i have to restart the computer to fix it .
0	needle is not very strong at all !
0	this product is cheaply , ade
0	these are ok if you do n't backspin or scratch .
0	additionally , i found the sound to be disappointing .
0	stick with m-447s , they are the best .
0	stylus we 're broken when i got them .
0	they skip really bad .
0	one of the two i ordered showed up broken .
0	have you ever cued a record and heard a little crackle ?
0	that is the first sign of impending doom for your tone arm .
0	i say use them if you want to take that chance .
0	i would dare to say they are the worst of the concord style carts .
0	cheaper safer alternatives out there .
0	they sound great , but they break so easily !
0	i have two of these mounted on sl1200s .
0	the production of the ones i received was just not good enough .
0	disappointing since i always thought that shure was kind of a serious brand .
0	this was just cheap and wasted .
0	but the shipping and handling of the order through amazon was flawless as always .
0	had this product for about two months and it worked great .
0	not for chill music ! ! !
0	the keys are also incredibly hard to press .
0	also unable to record music onto computer .
0	i hate it and im returning mine asap .
0	do not reccommend no mater how much you want it !
0	take it from me !
0	feels cheap ... like laughably cheap .
0	looks cheap in person too .
0	sorry the keys feel weird
0	old technology but not old enough to be interesting .
0	it broke on me .
0	no spills or drops on it .
0	definitely do n't recommend this if you want something long term .
0	this unit is too small for my axe-fx - a 2u unit .
0	accordingly , i 'm not able to affix the back end on this case .
0	this leaves my axe-fx exposed .
0	do n't buy this case .
0	this amp blew out in 2 weeks of purchase with light use .
0	clean channel is fine .
0	not going to complain about that .
0	i have no idea what these other reviewers are talking about .
0	reverb would have been nice , too .
0	i bought this based on stellar reviews .
0	i am actually returning this .
0	i never return stuff on amazon .
0	this is a first of a lifetime thing here for me .
0	i own two other vox amps , and they are both great .
0	this thing is junk .
0	hard to believe that vox would produce something of this low quality .
0	it got sent back .
0	this is my first amp .
0	the clean volume is surprisingly low !
0	that upset me a lot when i have to check how some pedals sound .
0	broke after 2 months - spend money on a good set
0	good sound for the price .
0	sound quality is n't that great
0	i never use them .
0	i could be using them wrong i guess .
0	these are pretty cheap .
0	do yourself a favor and buy something a little more durable .
0	you get less than what you paid for
0	could n't it to work on my sony televisions .
0	not at all comfortable on ears
0	the sound of these cheap headphones are great !
0	wish the were bigger .
0	i ordered 60 of these for our k-5 graders to use in their ipads .
0	they are not all that durable !
0	i would n't recommend this item for school age children .
0	he could n't use them at all .
0	my son was disappointed !
0	these headphones were sold at a reduced price , and now i know why .
0	one of the channels went out within 6 weeks .
0	it was a total waste of money .
0	i bought it and i am not a satisfied customer .
0	i now have to be trying to acquire another headphone .
0	sometimes it 's ok and at other times it 's just distorted .
0	they did a great job while they lasted .
0	4 months later i only have sound out of my right ear .
0	never yanked on the or mistreated them at all .
0	just one day stopped working .
0	sound is also decent .
0	would not recommend these even for the cheap price .
0	i must say i am disappointed .
0	the right ear went out after about a week of use .
0	the headphones where handled carefully so i can only assume they were defective .
0	these look good , but they are n't of great quality .
0	the right ear faded in like 20 minutes .
0	the ear holes are also really small and it feels really uncomfortable .
0	i switched songs and noticed the right ear piece was not playing .
0	i do not recommended the hf125
0	this bench is only for keyboards that have at least 71 keys or more .
0	bought this for my wife for xmas and am returning it .
0	she did n't like the cheap look of the keyboard stand or the bench .
0	i 'm going to build her a stand and we 'll find a bench .
0	good for a kid 's room but not an item for an adult .
0	several months ago i purchased the stanton st-150 to replace my aged benjamin miracord .
0	i bought it 1 because i thought that stanton was a reputable company .
0	i 've used their cartridges for years .
0	and 2 because of the reviews i read .
0	nothing i do can get rid of the hum until i unplug the cables .
0	i think ... maybe it 's not compatible with an older receiver .
0	the left channel is dead .
0	the email either comes back as undeliverable or goes un-answered .
0	i 'm so unhappy with my purchase i 've put it up for sale .
0	i have resorted to turning up my t.v .
0	sound is poor , needs an amp for most applications
0	i would no longer recommend these headphones .
0	while these sound okay , the strength go the headset diminishes factor than expected .
0	this is very messy .
0	quit in less than a month of use .
0	you will get what you pay for .
0	i bought these to do some basic monitoring for dslr video .
0	after one trial , i immediately sent them back .
0	i swithched to these to try something new and they looked comfortable .
0	i 'd buy the 202s if i could do it over .
0	these were some of the best headphones i 've ever owned .
0	so i would not recommend .
0	not circumaural but more on-the -ear and very uncomfortable .
0	no sound isolation , very inefficient drivers and hideous sounding overall !
0	first of all these are incredibly quiet .
0	i was shocked at how quiet they are .
0	second of all , they do n't fit right .
0	they also feel extremely heavy .
0	i was waiting this item so ansiuous , but my expectation got disapointed .
0	the cable is really small , cause is curly .
0	not very practical if you are planning to use from a distance .
0	ps : sound is so-so , too .
0	i only got sound out of both earphones for a couple of days .
0	sound quality sounds cheap , bass is barely noticeable and everything sounds way off .
0	it sounded like the music was playing in the other room .
0	even at full volume the sound quality was very poor - below average .
0	i do not recommend this product .
0	they do not come close to sealing over the ear for a snug fit .
0	but poor ergonomics are forgivable if the sound quality is there .
0	they are not clear .
0	i purchased these headphones for my father in law .
0	i was duped by the rather positive reviews of this product .
0	the headset prong is a weak part .
0	what a piece of junk .
0	the headphones reproduced almost no bass .
0	the high range had a slight hiss , which was also distracting .
0	tl ; dr : no low range and high range hiss .
0	i just opened the box and used the product for the first time .
0	the left channel is really faint , and the right channel is completely dead .
0	other than that , they are great !
0	they are comfortable , the cord length is good , and they look nice .
0	my ear buds purchased from a local dollar store are a far superior product .
0	imho , they never sounded more than just okay .
0	on a friend 's recommendation i bought a set of sennheiser hd280 pros .
0	it 's very comfortable and feels very nice , but its function is lacking .
0	it delivers an ok sound .
0	overall great for listening to certain genres .
0	i bought them from a store about 2-3 years ago for about $ 80 .
0	they sound fine , except the level is very low .
0	also , the pair i bought hardly fit me .
0	no overly accentuated bass , highs sound pretty good .
0	i was just displeased about the level and fit .
0	of course , i 'm stuck with them now .
0	would not buy again .
0	my doughters love to play with their dolls with it .
0	not for professional use .
0	but , the sound quality and price are a-ok .
0	not happy with this purchase at all .
0	nope , i was wrong .
0	it worked like crap .
0	the light indicating it was on would flicker and it would only work sometimes .
0	i am so disappointed and i do not recommend this to anyone !
0	received the nady condenser microphone but it does not work .
0	we bought a public address system and it came with a shure sm58 mic .
0	i am guessing the problem is in the switch - within the mic .
0	they are not as durable as they should be .
0	we treated ours nice , but that was n't enough .
0	no on/off switch , this mic is great but not too separate from others .
0	i forget about the switch untill i got it .
0	always a noise when using .
0	try to change the cable but it does n't help .
0	another reviewer said it made his voice sound dull , and i would agree .
0	i replaced it with the blue microphone encore 200 studio grade phantom .
0	not `` bright '' enough !
0	fake product , this is not a shure sm58 .
0	poor , realy bad quality .
0	turned out to be fake..money down the drain
0	after web search found that this is indeed a fake.. very disapointed..
0	this turned out to be one , oddball purchase .
0	i was sold a counterfeit !
0	it arrived to me 2nd hand , from a pawn shop in the midwest .
0	that part 's fine .
0	i generally like pawns .
0	turns out , this is what i was dealt .
0	how i discovered crime was when i experienced malfunction of the unit .
0	next , i sent it to shure for repair .
0	was i ever surprised by their response .
0	`` this is not our microphone ! ''
0	i got back to the pawn shop ( who sold me it ) .
0	they were quite co-operative and reasonable .
0	i rejected that offer .
0	i insisted on my money back .
0	then , they promptly refunded to me the entire purchase price .
0	incidentally , they were not interested in receiving the counterfeit item returned .
0	apparently , was as useless to them , as to me .
0	i 've received my microphone .
0	but it is n't original !
0	i have one original .
0	and i compare them .
0	lettering is different , holder is different .
0	i was asked to return , but i couldn't .
0	, - shure amazon ' .
0	poor intelligibility , nondescript , muddy , slow , sludgy sound .
0	it just sounds like i have cotton in my ears .
0	even at $ 100 it 's a rip-off .
0	i never use these for anything anymore .
0	you can get a sennheiser e609 for less , and it sounds way better .
0	if you buy this expecting anything but durability , you 're a goofus !
0	as time goes by , these become less and less the industry standard .
0	the design of these mics goes back about 40 years .
0	a lot has happened with microphone technology during that time .
0	virtually every other microphone we tested sounded better .
0	there are much better choices for your money .
0	on the plus side , both the sm57 and sm58 are nearly bullet-proof .
0	i know singers rave about the shure sm 58 but this product really blows .
0	i mean this thing sucks the big one folks .
0	well , i had bad experience buying this microfone ! ! !
0	i ` m in a bad situation now ! !
0	good for the price , which is cheap .
0	the description promises switchable frequencies .
0	that is not so .
0	you take your chances with what you get .
0	loose after using couple times , has to throw away
0	the cables was good until the wires disconnected .
0	easy to fix with a soldering iron but a pain i had to .
0	cables developed shorts in the ends very soon after minimal use .
0	used brand new at a gig and failed .
0	sound engineer told me to throw in the trash .
0	i was very disappointed with this product .
0	seriously , this a very cheaply made cable and both ends came loose .
0	not worth my time or money .
0	amazon really should do something about products that are substandard .
0	need to manual fix , luckily i have solder station .
0	spend the extra money and get something good .
0	you wo n't regret it like you will if you get this .
0	stopped working in the middle of filming
0	i bought 4 of these horrible cables all broke within 1 day
0	i ca n't recommend this cable .
0	it 's cheap but , well , it 's not good .
0	this lasted a few weeks and shorted out .
0	lasted less than 5 months of once-weekly use before middle pin failed .
0	le cable ne fonctionne pas
0	defective and does not work .
0	maybe you 'll get lucky and get a decent cable for this price .
0	very poor quality control .
0	it would potentially ruin a great moment .
0	do not buy this cable at all .
0	the cable was broke when i got it .
0	then when i received a working cable , i still had problems .
0	it had a shortage in the cable .
0	save your $ $ and buy something else .
0	these things are terrible .
0	they just do n't last .
0	some have been bad right out of the package .
0	it stopped working after one week !
0	i am so disappointed .
0	very thin , cheap cable .
0	i ended having to pay my friend for his good cord .
0	definitely not a good buy .
0	the soidering in the inside of the terminal broke after 1 month .
0	when it was working , however it had great sound quality .
0	i 've learned not to buy pyle as it always sucks
0	spend the money and get a better one .
0	i had to throw them all away .
0	they all shorted after 6-8 months of use .
0	cable crapped out on a shoot after less than 6 months .
0	should have spent the extra $ for a better cord .
0	it simply does n't work .
0	it is simply unfit for its intended purpose .
0	amazon offers superior cables for a few bucks more .
0	this product is so useless .
0	i bought this 15-20 days back .
0	sound output gets interupted quite frequently and is so annoying too .
0	please do n't buy this product .
0	this mic cable was doa .
0	i will avoid purchasing pyle products in the future .
0	now they are useless .
0	btw , what is the average lifespan of an xlr cable ?
0	the little snap-in mechanism on the female end of this cable fell apart .
0	the metal casing and contraption just came out .
0	i found that strange but i still purchased the product .
0	it came in a box .
0	the connectors are not molded ones , they are soldered and screw ones .
0	hence does not last , and not at all durable .
0	so i recommend you do n't buy this from deals mania .
0	the amp was very noisy was not what i was looking for .
0	the information on this unit is misleading .
0	needed to have more basic info .
0	but pyle is a good brand and i have bought other things from them .
0	good for the money ... ...
0	i had the pyle unit professionally installed in a ventilated rack system .
0	upon power-up , the sound was distorted , the unit immediately overheated and failed .
0	returned to amazon for refund .
0	a powered mixer is required for balanced inputs .
0	it has xlr connectors but they are not powered .
0	after 2 years an agc circuit inside has begun causing trouble .
0	documentation for this equipment is minimal and difficult to understand .
0	i am not familiar with bare wire speaker connection in a good amplifier .
0	this would happen several times a day for a period of a few days .
0	then the system would work fine for a few days .
0	still the same problem , but not as often .
0	at pyle 's suggestion , we ran 12 new gauge wire to the speakers .
0	so ... ca n't blame the input .
0	ca n't blame the wiring .
0	ca n't blame the speakers .
0	we replaced with a bogen amplifier and had no problems since .
0	you 'd expect me to give this review a `` zero stars '' rating .
0	these things are always overly cheap and unplayable .
0	there are other examples .
0	would actually give it 0 stars if i could .
0	spend a little more and get a epiphone sg used or something .
0	his guitar would n't even tune for me .
0	frustrated and sent it back .
0	the guitar did n't work ! !
0	the amp worked but the darn guitar did not work .
0	now i have to go to a nearby store to get it fixed .
0	what the heck is up with that ?
0	i got this guitar for christmas two years ago .
0	when i played it , it did n't work .
0	the jack was broken and the whammy bar did n't fit .
0	the shoulder strap pieces came completely off .
0	to top it all off , it sounds horrible .
0	the pick ups buzz awfully and the whammy bar broke off too .
0	do n't buy this , it 's not worth your money .
0	its sad but guitar hero is more fun than this .
0	we ordered this for christmas for my son .
0	the guitar itself - if you do n't play it , is beautiful .
0	oh , by the way , made in china .
0	as in weighs a lot .
0	but they 're pretty , if thats all you 're going by .
0	we 've only used the amplifier at home about 10 times practicing only .
0	i feel sorry for my daughter who needs this to practice .
0	i was disappointed to find the neck warped on arrival .
0	the box was collapsed a little , but the interior packaging was pretty good .
0	the guitar was not damaged .
0	we could not adjust the strings up enough to keep them from buzzing .
0	love amazon 's return policy .
0	this bass is really cheap .
0	do yourself a favor and do not buy this bass .
0	i 'm terribly disappointed !
0	not to mention my daughter 's dismay !
0	do n't buy this , especially not through amazon !
0	junk , right out of the box .
0	the neck was warped , among other things .
0	spend a few extra dollars and but a reputable brand .
0	item arrived pretty quick which was a good thing .
0	relieved the item is was so excited to play it !
0	only i could n't play the damn thing .
0	to me it 's just not excusable !
0	i consider poor customer service .
0	why ship a product out to someone with this soo obvious defect ? ? ?
0	horrible ! ! ! ! !
0	save a little extra for a quality bass- neck was warped , item returned
0	bought 2 for gifts .
0	the first one came with a broken string separator on the neck .
0	too bad they were bought so far before xmas and could n't be returned .
0	so 2/2 were very poorly made and/or quality control failed .
0	do not buy this .
0	i never write reviews , but this one could n't be avoided .
0	received one that has very bad use and a loose string .
0	not at all satisfied .
0	i paid for a new ... very disappointed .
0	we bought this package recently .
0	so we returned it back immediately .
0	do n't buy it .
0	it came with a busted pickup and i had to send it back .
0	i was not happy with this purchase .
0	upon unpacking everything , i noticed that the instructional dvd was n't included .
0	could i really learn to play bass at 30 ?
0	i was excited to try .
0	two days later , when the new tuner arrived ( got ta love prime !
0	the nagging thought i had of having received a repackaged dud was confirmed .
0	i bought this music package for my daughter school .
0	very upset with this product .
0	got this for my brother for christmas as a beginners guitar .
0	the amp is n't bad for a beginner though .
0	the frets are also too sharp to play comfortably according to my brother
0	bass guitar neck broke in half first day received .
0	did not play strings were rusted and the amp made a loud huming noise .
0	my daughter was very excited to recieve her new bass kit .
0	we realized the neck of the bass was warped and bent .
0	so we sent it back for a replacement .
0	we received the new bass kit in a day .
0	the amp did not work at all .
0	needless to say , we returned everything for a refund .
0	was not happy with this product .
0	we will be looking elsewhere for a new one .
0	i received this bass on christmas eve .
0	then , when i was tuning it for the first time .
0	the top g string snapped when it hit f # .
0	it got out of tine few day after i got the order .
0	this is my first review and feel bad its a negative one .
0	after shopping around for months i finally found the bass i wanted .
0	the look of gold on dark blue sold me .
0	pretty hard to play for beginner bass .
0	it 's too expensive for the quality it provides .
0	i suggest that you look up craigslist for used bass and amp sale .
0	yamaha and fender squire make better beginner bass than silvertone package .
0	everything was included in the picture , easy transaction .
0	the tuner does not work period .
0	i bought this for my son for christmas .
0	obviously the quality control from this manufacturer is poor .
0	amazon 's return proces on the other hand is 1st rate .
0	hopefully the next one arrives in good condition .
0	thanks silvertone , thanks allot .
0	update ... the new arrived in different packaging this time .
0	perhaps it was repackaged ?
0	the new one works and looks fine .
0	worst buy i have ever made .
0	my advice to to never even glance towards the picture .
0	lol it was warped and unplayable .
0	had to send back .
0	please , its not worth it !
0	i got this bass for my son and this is what he wrote .
0	the bass wo n't go in and out of the bag easily .
0	the tuner broke in a week and the video does n't really help .
0	the strap wore out in couple of months and snapped while i was playing .
0	i bought this with an interest to play bass .
0	sadly this bass is n't even good for beginners .
0	the amp and accessories included are n't bad .
0	i did n't find the instructional video to be that helpful at all .
0	the bass bag has no padding at all .
0	now for the bass itself .
0	the issue is that the frets were not properlly aligned .
0	the bass was unplayable at this point .
0	but look at it this way .
0	you know you will spend more money down the road .
0	think of it as a long term investment .
0	basically , this is all a word of caution .
0	talk to the pros about this first and get their help .
0	but $ 300 needs to be your minimum .
0	i 'm am extremely happy with my decisions and regret absolutely nothing .
0	i could n't be happier .
0	the guitar was new and looks expensive .
0	but the amp was smaller than i expected but worked fine .
0	after that i noticed the guitar buzzing a lot .
0	i try loosening the truss rod but it did n't change a thing .
0	i took it to a guitar shop and they said the damage was irreversible .
0	i was angry to say the least .
0	however amazon did a great job taking care of returning the product .
0	only 20 19 are delivered during purchase .
0	please repay me one for 1. bad bad bad bad bad bad bad
0	absolute piece of junk .
0	do not buy under any circumstances .
0	had to take it to be repaired 2 days after getting it .
0	and the neck also has to be adjusted .
0	the amp is the only thing that worked properlly .
0	this is a misleading advertisement ... sure , there 's 37 keys .
0	but they forget to tell you the keys are miniature .
0	my son ordered this to add to his music program .
0	i was disappointed that this keyboard does not register key velocity .
0	other than that , it is fine for what it is .
0	this is a perfectly functional midi controller .
0	it 's not velocity sensitive , but for many applications this does n't matter .
0	the problem with this keyboard is that it 's just too small .
0	yes , the description describes them as `` mini keys . ''
0	i knew when i saw the box that i had made a horrible mistake .
0	this item is obviously intended almost solely for children .
0	definitely not for adults due to its toddler size .
0	the keyboard does a nice job as a usb unit .
0	we typically can not launch iphoto without crashing unless we trash three catalog files .
0	crashing and losing user data is never acceptable .
0	apple , more than anyone , is supposed to know this .
0	you 've read the other glowing reviews .
0	you 've seen the 4 and 5 star ratings .
0	okay boys and girls , now do you really want the truth ?
0	not what i ordered .
0	the picture provided by the seller is not what i got .
0	amazon should look at this particular sale site .
0	i have already returned the wrong items you sent me .
0	just return my money please .
0	the stem of the mic is not properly connected to the body .
0	be weary of that before you order these
0	no bass very cheap plastic terrible audio quality
0	sound worse then headphones that came with the smartphones .
0	these are for giant heads
0	left ear stopped working after three months .
0	sound quality was nice while it lasted but not worth the money .
0	not meant for long-term or heavy use , i guess .
0	these are not the same k240s i used to use .
0	sound quality is only mediocre .
0	had to return the volume is too low on these
0	either one of these would be a better value .
0	not satisfied the product did not work .
0	the sound keeps cracking .
0	not muffled around the ears .
0	this is not worth the purchase .
0	it 's a giant box on your head .
0	i 've only used the headphones a few times .
0	i wish now i had n't .
0	the problem has quickly progressed .
0	money wasted ... do n't waste yours .
0	very light and convenient .
0	however , bass sound is very weak .
0	happy with the sound but they broke after 11 months of moderate use .
0	the sound quality is less than i expected from akg .
0	i grew up in the 80 's with older pair that kicked butt .
0	these are not the same drivers and it is reflected in the sound dynamics .
0	low end is not there .
0	fuller sound is not there .
0	it has been crunched and degraded with these earphones .
0	i feel i wasted my money .
0	be careful and look for the bigger drivers in the akg headphones !
0	straight from the box i liked this headset .
0	my ears were warmer than i like but not enough to limit use .
0	cable length was ample for my needs .
0	for comfort and convenience this is a well above average headset .
0	it was all downhill from there .
0	in all the music i tried , definition was lacking .
0	koss sportapro bought from amazon recently for $ 21 did better .
0	i was rather disappointed .
0	as a bass head , i was disappointed .
0	they have no bass !
0	the difference is clearly audible , especially when you flip the headphones on backwards .
0	these head phones are not very loud .
0	they 're simply ok not great .
0	purchased i a reatail store .
0	outatanding for the price i paid .
0	definitely something worth the money .
0	they are a great and affordable choice .
0	they are not bad at all .
0	they are comfortable , and are easy on the head too .
0	good thing i have long hair , would n't want people seeing this .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	i gave them to my son for his personal music .
0	would not purchase item .
0	just out of warranty .
0	this review will be short but powerful and accurate unlike these headphones .
0	the akg k 240 maybe the worst headphones ive ever heard .
0	they are pure garbage .
0	not loud at all !
0	ca n't hear the details of your mix very well .
0	i would go with a different par of headphones .
0	the sound is good but they get uncomfortable pretty quick .
0	not studio quality at all .
0	quite disappointed , there is no base to it .
0	if you 're looking for sound you wo n't find it here .
0	these headphones are not studio quality .
0	honestly these are not worth 60 bucks .
0	they 're not bad headphones , but they are nowhere near worth $ 60 .
0	after only about a week of use the right headphone suddenly stopped working !
0	pros : comfortable and good sound .
0	cons : none in the short term .
0	after just a couple months the right ear went out completely .
0	gave it a one star because sound came out of the speakers .
0	the bass is horrible at all volume levels .
0	ear phones did n't last 3 months in the studio before jack was cracking
0	i am so disappointed !
0	very cheap build quality and muddy sound .
0	it has not enough bottom or lows and the right side breaks easy .
0	these headphones had a lot of good reviews , but they 're just mediocre .
0	that means that the music tracs are n't downgraded .
0	for me , these headphones are just not ambient enough .
0	i like it for the price , but i do n't love it .
0	they look cool , but they 're quiet .
0	sound awful , poor build quality , cheap materials .
0	people , i do n't understand you .
0	the quality of sound coming out of this headset , is simply horribe .
0	are you kidding me ?
0	sounds like an empty can .
0	i got them from guitar center based on recommendation .
0	i 've took them back within 2 days .
0	i could n't believe anyone would write a good review for this .
0	your standards must be super low .
0	the rest are just toys .
0	ended up repairing them myself .
0	mine broke after 1 week - lost the center part of the stereo image .
0	sounded great until then tho !
0	ask to return money , one channel is broken ! ! ! !
0	i ca n't really agree with any of those statements .
0	not to my liking at all .
0	the sound is not as nice as my friends older original k240 's .
0	in fact i am not happy at all with these .
0	the highs are slightly reed like and the lows are just not there .
0	well they are there but lacking the tone and depth of my other headphones .
0	i 'll break them in a little and see if that helps .
0	item was rated highly for its bass sound and its range .
0	for all of the engineers ... theses are not your old akg cans .
0	if i could give these new cheap akg cans a negative star i would .
0	dont use with your cell phone , the volume is n't very high .
0	these things do not amplify the sound like i thought .
0	i returned them and bought a pair of sony mdr-v6 's .
0	a bit higher in price but worth it in my opinion .
0	i own a pair of sennheiser hd 280 's that are also spectacular headphones .
0	inside it 's cheap plastic that fractures easily .
0	the headset when twisted as the wiring right on it inside the ear piece !
0	i had to boost my normal volume by 25 % and still had problems .
0	i had to return them .
0	these headphones are the cheapest things i have ever bought .
0	not worth any of the money they charge for them .
0	do n't bother spending a dime on these .
0	i 've had these for a while now and i still love them .
0	warranty lasts for two years , so i guess i 'm out of luck .
0	i think i might go with the sony mdr7506 or mdrv6 next .
0	i wish these guys had worked out .
0	very quiet , loose fit ... and i have a big head .
0	bought this in 2011. sound quality is excellent , neutral and detailed .
0	however , build quality and design is questionable .
0	not sure if this will stand up to heavy use .
0	in the end , this just did n't meet my criteria .
0	and they are much larger and heavier than i had imagined them .
0	they appeared well designed and made .
0	they simply were n't my cup of tea .
0	i used these headphones in my small guitar studio for a very short time .
0	headphones are a useful tool for guitarists when trying to learn solos by ear .
0	these headphones are useless for this particular application .
0	right out the bat : professional ?
0	lol this is not even close to a professional earphone .
0	not by a mile .
0	you can hear everyone around you .
0	there is no bass , no deep sound , nada .
0	i particularly do n't like it .
0	save yourself trouble ( and pony up some money ) and buy another model .
0	so the overall quality is inconsistent
0	weak.. sound is so low not worth buying .
0	i wish i never got these .
0	i 'm just being honest .
0	i wear headphones every day to listen to on-line radio .
0	i bought a pair of headphones that got good reviews in several audio forums .
0	the sound quality & fit was great .
0	but i thought that they broke too easily .
0	i shopped around , & these akg 's had a lot of greats reviews .
0	they came today & they are awful ! !
0	they problem is they are n't sound deadening .
0	and the background noise was overwhelming ! !
0	i paid $ 57.99 last year .
0	but they 've went up to $ 99.99 ! !
0	so i found them on ebay for $ 49.99 w/ free shipping .
0	i find that the cord on hp is always the 1st thing to go .
0	i 've had to replace the cord on my other set a few times .
0	so the cord being $ 1.99 to replace is important .
0	which in my experience is never cheap .
0	but i was disappointed .
0	the headphones i received really do n't seem much to brag about .
0	i do n't think these necessarily hold up to the akg reputation .
0	on the positive , the quick-release cord is a cool idea .
0	disappointing in both sound and material .
0	fell apart a week after purchasing them , waste of money
0	the sound is high fidelity but way too muted
0	i do not think that is reliable material .
0	these do n't come close to living up to the name .
0	flashy design , but over all just a cheap product and disappointing .
0	felt cheap , not up to akg standards .
0	do not think they will last long .
0	after only 2 months of use the cables are almost completely worn out .
0	sound is interrupted often and frequently cuts out .
0	these headphones are ok if you are not looking for anything fancy .
0	on the plus side , they are comfortable to wear .
0	this is a personal rating .
0	headphones are extremely subjective .
0	did n't like the sound and needs a big amp to drive it .
0	your mileage may vary .
0	decent while they last .
0	i used them on one 20-30 hr .
0	they only come on now if i turn the volume all the way up .
0	i will , but it wo n't be akg .
0	note : i did n't buy them from this current seller .
0	it 's true that this headphone sounds good .
0	so.. there is clearly a quality problem here .
0	now what upsets me more is that the support is not very cooperative .
0	i got ta tell you , it 's disappointing .
0	very disappointed with bass .
0	i 'm no `` basshead '' .
0	i love all kinds of music from popular to acoustic to classical .
0	any attempt to boost the bass will result in fluttering sounds of driver excursion .
0	flat should mean the frequency response is flat throughout the music frequency spectrum .
0	wanted a good pair of studio mixing headphones .
0	kind of useless headphones .
0	however , i know these are very good
0	disappointed with build quality and long burn in time .
0	perfect for professionals but not casual listening .
0	dont buy it.chinese junkbroke after one month.no service from the company .
0	my second biggest complaint is the amount of bleed .
0	those headphones are a disappointment in delivering that .
0	sadly i gave these away to a friend .
0	apparently , muddy is the new sound of headphones these days .
0	these sound like they are covered in a down pillow .
0	so here is the deal .
0	i got these headphones to use mostly from my home/dorm room .
0	it appealed to me in a couple of ways .
0	first off they are semi-open which is usually my favorite design .
0	the finely feature is they have a wide array of replaceable parts .
0	sadly these `` great value headphones '' are actually a waste of money .
0	it is so wide that it just falls off my head .
0	it would not even create a seal on my head !
0	( still small but not abnormally ! )
0	my girlfriends exact words were `` these are crap ... .send them back . ''
0	that is exactly what i plan to do !
0	i will never buy these again .
0	the headphones that arrived do not have a detachable mini xlr cord .
0	it is not the same as in the box .
0	this is quite a shame because otherwise the headphones sound great .
0	as far as sound goes they 're fantastic , especially for their price .
0	paid a decent amount for these headphones about 2 years ago .
0	within a month , the left speaker stopped working .
0	three weeks later , the other one stopped working .
0	i just purchased these akg k 240 headphones through amazon .
0	the ones i got did n't say made in austria .
0	the box it came in said made in china .
0	even my cheap $ 15 sony earbuds gives me this information .
0	unfortunately this product was surprisingly disappointing .
0	some distortions in the bass frequencies .
0	with everything turned up `` to 11 '' , they were n't loud enough .
0	amazon was great about the return , even though both sets had been opened .
0	i am sending them back .
0	not what i expected .
0	seller good , product bad .
0	i have worked in radio and occasional music mixing throughout the years .
0	evidently , those models were made in austria .
0	nothing could be further from the truth .
0	but poor dynamic range .
0	they are just no fun for work or play .
0	that 's when something changed .
0	all will beat these handily and get your feet tapping .
0	use these maybe for shortwave radio ?
0	so- my best deduction- something happened on the way to china ... ..
0	the m50s blow both out of the water .
0	i was so underwhelmed when i first wore these it was shocking .
0	these headphones lack clarity , they have no bass , and are extremely overpriced .
0	some akgs have some bass , but these have very little .
0	they are just uninspiring , and it really degrades the music listening experience .
0	get the m50s , you will thank me later .
0	i found the mediums and highs to be very washed out and unclear .
0	additionally , these headphones will not get loud at all .
0	headphones fell apart after about 3 months of use .
0	the product was n't thrown about or abused , but got regular daily use .
0	as far as sound quality , it was very good for open-air headphones .
0	just wish the quality had been a bit better .
0	i paid 93.08 cents after taxes for these .
0	the quality of the product has fallen considerably since manufacturing moved to china .
0	i wo n't be buying akg headphones again in the near future .
0	i would have rated these as a 4 or 5 until they broke .
0	they 're still under warranty , but what a disappointment .
0	update : attempting to get service with akg/harmon under warranty .
0	no response to email for one week .
0	i bought myself a pair of these and loved them .
0	i wound up buying my wife and sone a set as well .
0	very tinny sounding and this is on quality tracks ... not mp3 's .
0	if you like bass/bass accentuation do n't bother .
0	the only music i can really stand hearing with these is classical .
0	also , they are surprisingly quiet .
0	i am surprised at how many positive reviews there are of these headphones .
0	they just do n't do it for me .
0	i 'm sending them back .
0	i had been anxious to try these from positive reviews around the internet .
0	right out of the box , i was sorely disappointed .
0	they do not sound either bright or rich .
0	but in a/b comparisons , these k240s cans do not measure up .
0	they sound like a sore throat feels -- scratchy , not smooth and clear .
0	definitely not worth the money to me .
0	it is a real two-star disappointment for me .
0	it doesnt work with the other equipment we purchased
0	stopped working within 30 days of use .
0	tried to return it but the company wo n't take it back .
0	i ordered the full size xlr and soldered on a mini 3 pin .
0	it simply did not have an acceptable level of signal output .
0	`` added gain = added noise '' ... always !
0	i did an a-b comparison to my sm-58 and there really was no comparison .
0	not for sound quality , nor for output .
0	this thing looks like it will take some serious physical abuse and not break .
0	it 's not going to go flying off if you jump around a lot .
0	and it looks to me like it will fit just about any size head .
0	it 's pretty adjustable .
0	maybe it is not designed for that .
0	and if that is the case , i regret rating it so low .
0	maybe i got a faulty one ?
0	other reviewers seemed to like the unit .
0	but i will go with a condenser mic next time .
0	for what it 's worth , shure is a good company .
0	and amazon has a liberal return policy .
0	lots of cord noise , very little voice .
0	have to turn gain almost to max to hear at all .
0	not happy at all with it .
0	boom is n't long enough and there was n't enough gain .
0	i 'm returning and purchasing something else .
0	received it , tried it , and sent it back within ten minutes .
0	whoever designed it must be from some other planet .
0	i could n't stand the thing clawing my head like a giant crab .
0	there is no way i could ever wear this thing .
0	my advice is to adjust it back into its box and return it .
0	i much prefer my sm58 .
0	i really liked this microphone when it first arrived .
0	we were doing sound for a reoccurring theater-style production with more singing than talking .
0	neither talking nor singing into this microphone sounded `` good '' .
0	i ended up returning this .
0	head set mini connector wh20 & the 2ft.wa302 [ ta4f ] both are female .
0	not good , unless you do n't need decent voice quality .
0	this microphone is not for the professional or the serious amateur .
0	i tried it out , was seriously disappointed , and sent it right back .
0	there are good products out there at affordable prices .
0	this is not one of them .
0	after exchanging the chip for another one , i had the exact same problems .
0	this time i 'm returning everything .
0	it 's not worth the hassle .
0	i bought the bundled package from costco.com .
0	the bundle includes 2 mics and the 2221 song cartridge .
0	very happy i purchased from costco because of their return policy !
0	the first one i received did not even work .
0	received the second one .
0	the wireless submic would work intermittently .
0	it would work only after i take the batteries in and out .
0	minor inconveince because the kids loved playing with it .
0	i even purchased 3 additional chips for the unit .
0	it is now 54 days after i have received the unit .
0	the sound has suddenly stopped .
0	just video , no sound .
0	it also decided to turn on or off when it feels like it .
0	sometimes it turns on , sometimes it does n't .
0	costco , here i come again .
0	i am really hoping that my two units were the exception .
0	the website is also very unclear about how to order more karaoke mp3s .
0	this `` karaoke in a microphone '' system is small and extremely portable .
0	you can carry it from party to party .
0	therefore , you must be familiar with the songs in order to sing them .
0	even in this singing mode , you will not get back-up singer 's vocal .
0	pitch adjustment is a great feature of karaoke .
0	alternative rock vol 2 due to manufacturing defect with some units .
0	many of the songs can not play .
0	it looks like it 's made out of aluminum .
0	a plastic housing box of decent quality is included .
0	not of the quality i was hoping for .
0	make sure you try it in real-life before you but it .
0	so , i sent it in for repair per their instructions .
0	but , casio repair service is the worst i 've ever seen .
0	they 're even worse than best buy & that 's pretty bad .
0	they rec 'd my item for warranty work on 11/23/04 .
0	at first i was told the turnaround for the repair was 5-10 business days .
0	then i was told that starts from the log date .
0	they did n't even get around to logging it in until 12/7/04 ! ! !
0	i may never see my product again .
0	got two and neither of them did the sound activation work .
0	strobe light seemed fragile and not very solid .
0	when i started using it , it was very nice , bright and responsive .
0	this light failed the third time we used it .
0	i am very disappointed in the quality .
0	i would not recommend this product .
0	please learn from my mistake and find another competitor 's product .
0	i 'm not surprised .
0	this is my first and my last chauvet product .
0	it 's very frustrating ! !
0	i was excited to get this strobe light based on reviews .
0	it worked right away , strobes fine , but a little off beat .
0	the fuse is fine .
0	it would be a good strobe light if it worked .
0	this strobe is poorly made .
0	arrived damaged and with ?
0	made of light and fragile plastic .
0	knobs on back do not have hard stops so feel cheap too .
0	i contacted the chauvet tech support and they could n't get it to work .
0	so it goes sometimes , right ?
0	fool me once , shame on you .
0	fool me twice , shame on me .
0	i 'm still in the market for a quality , controllable strobe ... .
0	this strobe is awesome while it works .
0	it is extremely bright the and great to have as a dj .
0	i have come into ownership of three of the lights brandnew .
0	one i bought off amazon , the other two were given .
0	after just 3 dances , only one light works now .
0	light # 1 does n't do anything .
0	however , it does work when plugged into a strobe controller .
0	light # 3 still works .
0	this item was bought for a christmas gift .
0	item was opened on christmas day .
0	yes , i believe that 's exactly what they should do .
0	it worked out of the box perfectly , once .
0	i did , however , expect it to work more than 5 minutes .
0	the next day at the party , the steady strobe failed completely .
0	i 'm pretty disappointed .
0	this is a neat gadget in that it can produce sounds of various instruments .
0	but if you want to learn guitar just buy a real one .
0	we received this player as a family gift for christmas .
0	i would not recommend you spending the money on this product .
0	i bought this kareoke for x-mas with my 11 year old sister in mind .
0	i was very dissapointed because the sound quality is horrible .
0	the volume is very low and you can barely here yourself through the microphone .
0	the monitor is even worst , you can barely see the lyrics .
0	i rebought it thinking it had just been defected but nope !
0	it 's just no good .
0	i received two of these speaker , but one did n't work .
0	its ok but wo n't really take alot of power .
0	i had to return them ...
0	however , this one does not quite fit the bill .
0	i was held in place by a small layer of glue .
0	also , the handles are made of plastic which rattle during bass sounds .
0	the leg completely broke off when i was loading in to a venue .
0	the vinyl covering was peeling off as well .
0	the speakon connector broke .
0	the speaker is mounted using basic screws , and not hurricane nuts .
0	had a thin piece of insulation for damping material .
0	the wooden brace inside was broken off .
0	i know that pyle can do better than this .
0	i hope they fix these problems in an updated version .
0	there are other enclosures for 40 bucks more that are not so bad .
0	great sounding sub for the price .
0	i bought this subwoofer to share the load with another powered subwoofer .
0	i wanted something economical and functional for small dance hall settings .
0	the product description said it had a built in crossover .
0	therefore , i expected it to play nothing but bass .
0	however , these pyle subs do n't .
0	to my disappointment , i heard vocals !
0	no subwoofer with a built-in crossover should pump mid-range frequencies .
0	final grade : f .
0	it sounds like the woofer has `` popped '' and will need replaced .
0	i bought a pair of pyle pro speakers a few years ago .
0	when arrived one of the speakers were was just hanging in the hole .
0	i sent it back and received a new one and everything was great .
0	since then i had to sell them .
0	got them the next day through amazons one day service .
0	but the good news stops there .
0	so now i have sent all the speakers back .
0	ordered this as recently as 9/14/2011 and did not get headphones .
0	this was the model number i came up with after some research .
0	the wiring on the jacks are a joke and wired backwards .
0	2 out of six had different woofers in them .
0	i am going to try and make these sound better and will report back !
0	i returned this mic for a full refund .
0	i purchased and had to return .
0	it wo n't work .
0	btw , i am a slow learner .
0	there is no battery pack in the blisterpack .
0	( i wonder whether this is because it is a plug-in-power mic ) .
0	the frequency response is unacceptable .
0	i also do n't like the clip .
0	step # 1 of instructions stated to remove stylus prior to mounting to headshell .
0	i will have to purchase a new stylus to complete review .
0	i have a shure m97xe cartridge and the stylus removes with minimal effort .
0	something was wrong with the m78s .
0	after reading all the reports on this cartridge i decided to try it anyway .
0	so , i do n't understand why this mic wo n't work .
0	i 'm not happy with this mic .
0	i bought another lav mic from giant squid lab and it was better .
0	did n't work with my video cam , i had to return it .
0	the microphone does not change the quality of the recording in the least .
0	i purchased 3 lavaliers and the sony ecm-cs10 tie-clip-style omnidirectional lavalier was the worst .
0	i keeped the other two and sent this one back .
0	do not buy this .
0	pretty misleading if you ask me ! ! ! !
0	another sucky sony product .
0	this is a sub-quality mic .
0	it is much worse than the ones built into the recorder .
0	it sounds tinny with a very narrow voice range .
0	i expected a sony product to be better than this .
0	this one records audio that is thin and tinny .
0	too bad , sony .
0	s , not work for me .
0	if you ever lose the microphone clip , you are out of luck ! !
0	i have had zero success replacing the lavalier clip .
0	this is a great microphone .
0	i can not use it as intended because i lost the clip .
0	not worth anything to me now ! ! !
0	this mic is serviceable , but not great .
0	it has a very limited pick-up pattern and picks up each channel separately .
0	i would suggest going with a better quality mic for most recording purposes .
0	for my setup i need lavs that run on their own battery power .
0	i bought this to use with my laptop for voip ( i.e .
0	oovoo , skype , etc .
0	) , because the microphones built into my laptop stopped working .
0	also i am currently eying the sound blaster x-fi go !
0	the required battery box is not included .
0	it is plug-in power only .
0	i tried this wireless lapel mic with the portable pa systems .
0	this product did not work and i would not recommend it .
0	you pay for what you get .
0	i bought this to use it for classroom lecture .
0	the receiver is good but the microphone is just a waste .
0	you have to really put it close to your mouth to be heard .
0	forget about clipping it to lapel .
0	however the transmitter and receiver are good if you can find a compatible microphone .
0	this is an unreliable unit .
0	sound is not good at all .
0	maybe i should change the battery .
0	saying i hate it might be strong .
0	maybe i got a bad one .
0	i do n't really care for the 3/4 plug .
0	just not for me .
0	i had this wireless lapel clip on for a while .
0	it does n't catch vocals as expected .
0	therefore why should it work as a microphone & camcorder set ?
0	i am not very convinced .
0	getting this is a waste of money .
0	did n't really work at all .
0	preface : we should have contacted the seller and asked for an exchange/refund .
0	however , we were in a time crunch and did n't have that option .
0	there were some reviews that stated that these at least worked .
0	however , i found that to not be true .
0	my recommendation ... buy an azden mic instead !
0	the inner brackets were broken off and bouncing around inside .
0	i 'm good with my hands so i decided to repair it .
0	while doing the work i realized i baught a pyle of crap .
0	the woofers are so cheap and light .
0	the particle board is thin and weak .
0	i reglued them to their inner walls .
0	they could have done a better job .
0	the wires are so thin i hope they do n't melt and catch fire .
0	i have a single 15 '' 3 way speaker that has more bass .
0	damn it the two twelves in my car have more bass .
0	when i received the guitar and unzipped the bag i was in shock .
0	they were brown with dirt .
0	i 'll never buy used on amazon again .
0	people must be really desperate for money !
0	it will not create any data base
0	this data base software is not easy to use .
0	i should have researched better .
0	i did n't try to enter any information .
0	win 10 users - better to use something more up to date .
0	where is the `` get started quickly '' section they speak of .
0	i threw it in the garbage .
0	needs to be updated .
0	otherwise it would be a handy little program .
0	did not work on my lap $ 10.00 .
0	dose a wonderful job for those who do not need relational databases .
0	easy to understand and use .
0	this is old program ! ! ! !
0	there is no network capability .
0	practically useless when u want to use it for ur business .
0	the next day i entered more .
0	so now i only have 20 entries instead of 120 ! !
0	that 's just my guess .
0	it 's nearly worthless .
0	if you like simple stuff this database wo n't disappoint you .
0	i found it to restrictive and do n't use it .
0	could be my last amazon perchase .
0	this was n't what i thought , it knocked my keyboard out .
0	because it was not the right wattage .
0	does n't work for casio
0	it did not fit the casio privia 320 as it was supposed .
0	it was too small .
0	the cord does not work at all for the px-110 !
0	it also does n't match the picture .
0	wow it dropped to half the price i bought it for .
0	now i have the hassle of returning it and finding a new one .
0	item sent is not what is described or pictured .
0	it is not casio brand and looks completely different .
0	i will be disputing this purchase & charge for a full refund
0	it did not come as pictured .
0	the product i received did n't have the wall pluggin .
0	was really confused , not at all what i thought i was ordering .
0	then connection did n't fit the piano at all .
0	do you have in stock the adapter that actually fits a casio cdp 120 ?
0	the adapter is light as a feather and way too `` plastiky '' feeling .
0	it inspires nothing close to the idea of quality as the oem version .
0	worse yet , the polarity was reversed .
0	it would have fried my keyboard if i did n't check .
0	c-mon amazon ! ! !
0	you guys are really starting to disappoint me now .
0	i bought two for my casio privia 555-r which is almost obsolete .
0	they did not fit .
0	probably for another model .
0	the adapter i received was not at all what is pictured on this page .
0	all you will receive in the mail is disappointment and frustration .
0	the adapter that i got was not the one pictured .
0	it did not say `` casio '' anywhere on it .
0	however , it did work with my keyboard so i kept it .
0	i bought one of these to control my roland mc-303 sequencer .
0	it generates a `` err 02 '' after pressing a few keys .
0	will not make music for more then a few seconds .
0	i they tried a radium 49 and it worked like a charm .
0	i will never buy an m-audio product again .
0	you are actually advised to *wash your hands* after handling .
0	will you find the warning displayed on the box ?
0	nope , it is at the bottom of the last page of the manual .
0	who knows what they do support .
0	do n't buy it .
0	i returned the keystation 49e and replaced it with an edirol pcr-50 .
0	clearly this microphone is for highly specialized purposes .
0	this is not for non-esoteric uses .
0	the cables are pretty basic , but they work fine .
0	you get a nice padded case to keep everything in .
0	my favorite part of this kit is the inclusion of two pg81 condenser mics .
0	these are not only great for cymbals , but instruments and vocals too .
0	i can do that on my own .
0	terrible sounding mics i simply could not get a decent recording from these mics .
0	for my use this a horrible mic .
0	i guess if you were just recording then maybe it is fine .
0	sound reinforcement , forget about it .
0	this thing chews through records while back-cueing .
0	the best stylus i have used is the jico n44-7 .
0	i bought this as a choir mic .
0	it does not pick up the low tones .
0	amazon 's size is for the shipping box not the mic .
0	very bad on amazon 's part .
0	these are interesting items .
0	we have n't really used them to their fullest capability .
0	when we do we 'll write more review
0	mixer works by combining audio from different sources .
0	item might of been defective , item returned .
0	did not like the way my guitar rested on the leg pegs .
0	just went with the amazon basic stand for $ 13 .
0	it will work for what i needed .
0	i really do n't understand how these stands have such stellar reviews on here .
0	it makes me really skeptical about the trustworthiness of the reviews for these stands .
0	luckily , it was n't damaged but the stand was clearly failing .
0	they 're guitar stands , for crying out loud .
0	attachments : i 've added a pic of the 2 broken leg locks .
0	the absolute worst stand i have ever owned .
0	after very light usage it collapses .
0	upon opening one of the legs a piece of plastic broke off .
0	not worth hanging an instrument on .
0	had to send it back .
0	it might have been amazon warehouse 's fault , but this was a dud .
0	not going to risk that kind of behavior with my $ 2000 martin .
0	looks like a hercules is on the shopping list for me .
0	the locking mechanism failed and the guitar fell .
0	lifetime warranty my booty .
0	it 's only meant to be used temporarily like on stage .
0	folds up nice and the locking system works well .
0	the hercules hanging stands are much better in my opinion .
0	ultimate is the worst company i have ever had the to deal with .
0	ultimate is the worst company i have ever had the to deal with .
0	sent it back as it was not sturdy enough for my acoustic .
0	it looks cool , and works ok for electric guitars .
0	i do not recommend this product .
0	this guitar stand was great .
0	it almost fit in my gig bags and was fun to open .
0	it 's much easier to show .
0	in any case , it no longer works now .
0	i 've owned some hercules gear for a couple years now .
0	i bought two of these about 7 years ago .
0	they seemed really good .
0	they were light weight and the plastic does n't scratch the guitar .
0	the neck broke one time .
0	i think these stands get wobbly with age .
0	the under-guitar support arms stick out too far for a solid-body instrument .
0	the cord tends to get tangled on them .
0	i have many of these , they are great .
0	called ultimate again and they are now sending me a complete new stand .
0	this really just is too unstable to be very useful .
0	it is compact , but i have used much better stands of comparable size .
0	while you 're trying to screw something in ?
0	all in all very poorly assembled .
0	never will buy this brand again .
0	the price they charged this is not worth it .
0	not very happy with this box .
0	a latch broke on the second use .
0	returning and getting the skb instead .
0	seemed sturdy otherwise , just needs better latches .
0	so , my search continues for a better-quality stand than this one .
0	thanks for that , at least .
0	the clasps are now on the rack , not the lids .
0	this product is not worthy .
0	the platic and carbon parts are easiliy crack .
0	do not buy this item .
0	this is just a piece of junk .
0	will be seeking warranty service but will sell immediately afterwards .
0	will buy another pair of on-stage stands ( and for much less too ) .
0	already holes and small nicks throughout .
0	i have owned these stands for over 8 years .
0	i have to accept that the ultimate quality is just not there anymore .
0	i 've had these stands for years .
0	their durability is the best feature about them .
0	in fact the telelock mechanism is a great innovation too .
0	first & foremost is that these stands rattle , and not softly .
0	i have 4 of them , and they all rattle .
0	the frequency range in which they rattle is roughly 69-98hz .
0	the sound clearly comes from the telelock mechanism .
0	therefore you always buy more than what you need . )
0	here 's the other huge problem with these stands - ultimate support 's support .
0	this is seriously unprofessional to drop the ball this badly .
0	i have not even received a notice that a new stand was shipped .
0	i 'm hoping she will resolve this situation to satisfaction .
0	i will update my review after the outcome .
0	the music was muted and gargled .
0	would not recommend to anyone with a decent system .
0	noisier than my consumer turntable 's built-in preamp .
0	returned it immediately ... the noise floor was something like -45db .
0	my search for a decent cheap phono preamp continues ...
0	makes a loud buzzing sound when the cue lever is up on my turntable .
0	pretty sure there are other reliable options for the same price .
0	at least it looks cool and is made in the usa .
0	obviously based on the other reviews , many people do n't have any issues .
0	i learned even a neighbors electronic dog fence can cause interference .
0	it 's better than a $ 10 preamp , but not by much .
0	this item is certainly not for audio enthusiasts .
0	as the volume increased the hum became a screech unbearble to hear .
0	i am returning this piece of junk .
0	it still had a buzz even after grounding the table .
0	it 's not worth the asking price over a pyle .
0	stopped working after 2 weeks of use .
0	this is not a professional product .
0	the design is poor .
0	you start out with the case as in the picture which is sideways .
0	all in all a poorly built case .
0	after using it for a short while the unit started to get intermittent .
0	so i opened the box .
0	what did i find ?
0	i guess rolls want their customers to do the qa .
0	well that is the last rolls product i shall own .
0	it looks like they do not really do any qa .
0	there has to be a no-star option for this product .
0	the first mic i received was awful .
0	the company exchanged the first mic with a non-working mic .
0	i am not able to get my refund from anywhere ! ! ! ! !
0	$ 250 wasted ! ! !
0	this was a counterfeit .
0	only cable for what ?
0	apparently it was a fake
0	inside the microphone was broken when i got it
0	most of them are beat to hell but they work .
0	the biggest difference though is the feedback from stage monitors .
0	that was my first clue it was fake .
0	buyer beware of beta 58 's posted for lower than retail price .
0	the one i received was a fake knock off made in china .
0	you ca n't beat a beta 58 if it 's the real thing .
0	i went and bought one in a store after this and it is awesome .
0	that was the good news .
0	the bad is that it is a fake .
0	a chinese knock off .
0	how can i tell ?
0	1. the weight - first thing i noticed was that it felt very light .
0	real beta 's are well fixed in place .
0	5. yellow band around cable at bottom of capsule .
0	this is just a few things i was able to spot .
0	weight as i said was the first indicator .
0	box packaging velcro strip and bag all ok along with guarantee .
0	i would get a full refund .
0	at time of writing waiting on that .
0	otherwise these do the job ok at a fair price .
0	i expect better from at though .
0	update : they definitely do n't make these like they used to .
0	this one lasted 3 short rehearsals .
0	there 's no point in buying the audio technica ones anymore .
0	they make so much noise and do n't last .
0	get the aftermarket or custom ones if you can find them .
0	the quality has totally disappeared compared to sennheiser and shure .
0	but again for the price you can not go wrong
0	good enough for a 'house party ' as someone mentioned before me .
0	in other words , it 'kinda ' works but not really .
0	the lamp housing itself is solid though .
0	would not buy again .
0	i 'd advise against not buying this .
0	i would not recommend these lights to anyone .
0	i think they are junk .
0	price not consistent with product .
0	low beam , heavy .
0	i do not think it was worth the price that we paid .
0	i bought these lights as a pair for use as fixed spotlights .
0	the led units last far longer and project a higher quality light beam .
0	not anywhere near what a 12 '' disco ball needs for proper reflection .
0	this thing is worthless .
0	a flashlight puts out more light .
0	i 'm returning it .
0	this was part of a special gift for my wife .
0	they should not promise something that they can not provide .
0	i do not recommend these lights .
0	honestly , i purchased a case like this from skb years ago .
0	i bought mine from ebay at some cheaper price than here .
0	also a cheap strap is not included for d-rings .
0	earlier reviewer mentioned one of two locking clips can have a padlock .
0	the one i got is rather snug fit clip .
0	none is for padlock .
0	the inside has two shapes - one for sax and another for neck .
0	i thought i would get the green ones plus the rest .
0	i would send it back if it did n't take so much work .
0	well that was a waste of money .
0	gave me the worst blisters i 've ever had ! !
0	be careful to buy from music123 .
0	amazon suggested me to contact music123 first .
0	i did two phone calls .
0	i bought two sets of these and i am disappointed .
0	beware these strings the 10 ga are weak !
0	broke before i could even set them up .
0	broke before i could even put all of them on .
0	that goes for these as well .
0	it was just black wrap , not black splatter .
0	a little disappointed but i used it anyway .
0	the `` splatter '' is non-existent !
0	the grips are solid black .
0	i should have listened to the other reviewers .
0	this was not the only one with a color issue .
0	red & black checker were really pink & black .
0	the entire order is being returned !
0	since when is pink red ?
0	someone needs to rewrite the product description .
0	i 'm not giving a 13 year old boy pink drum stick grips .
0	i should have listened to previous reviewers with regards to color discrepancies .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	audible hum at seemingly any gain .
0	tested this with multiple sources and outputs .
0	felt nice and solid , and the balance controls had center detents .
0	that 's the good news .
0	within months the case is falling apart !
0	i 'm done with this company ...
0	i purchased a protec tenor sax case 4 or 5 years ago .
0	i 've been pleased with it - until yesterday .
0	it was a soft landing , so i did n't think twice about it .
0	but , the small drop bent the top post on my selmer mark vi .
0	it 's in the shop now .
0	i previously perchased the protec alto saxophone backpack .
0	it works great and is well balanced .
0	the tenor sax case is a disaster !
0	1. backpack strap sold separately .
0	2. the case is heavy and off balance .
0	my case is 2 months old .
0	the tension is some acceptable and so is the playability .
0	i expected much more for the price i paid .
0	i ordered this case for my five year old yamaha yts62 tenor sax .
0	i was using an old protec case in which the sax fit fine .
0	but , this case did not have a slot for the neck .
0	i did not like having to tuck the neck inside the bell .
0	there were no other problems with this case .
0	i liked the green color of this case and ordered it .
0	i was very disappointed that my saxophone would not fit into it .
0	also the main pad under the belt was coming unglued .
0	so , i returned it to amazon .
0	so i ordered this one .
0	it came in today and my yamaha tenor fits in it .
0	in additon , protech should also offer the xl case in other colors .
0	had this case for approximately 2 months and the right case latch broke off .
0	not impressed with this product .
0	still waiting on the gator warranty dept to get back in touch with me .
0	when i first bought this case i thought it would work just fine .
0	definitely not very durable .
0	unable to zipper close as it did not fit our 3/4 standard bass .
0	it looked well constructed but in the end useless .
0	clips get weak and break off .
0	the foam fitting was defective , and i had to return it .
0	i normally like gator products a lot .
0	the tremolo effect can barely be heard !
0	it 's sturdier , smaller , and actually can be heard .
0	esta cuerdas de bajo no ofrecen calidad ni en su sonoridad ni su resistencia .
0	did not fit well for my jupiter sax .
0	i 'm sorry i bought it .
0	i have already sent it back .
0	it is no good.. too large and does n't for horn solidly .
0	it 's not safe .
0	feels like a wood frame and little material .
0	i 'll have to buy a new case asap .
0	i bought these for my wonderful yamaha fg700s .
0	they even come with ball ends ! ) .
0	complete frustration and complete waste of money !
0	back to my reliable steel strings .
0	please do not waste your money and time .
0	e string broke while tuning .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	the amp , however , sounded great for the 15 minutes it worked .
0	this is a profile 88 mouthpiece , not a traditional vandoren 5rv lyre .
0	the facing is completely different .
0	these strings feel terrible when you are used do dada ej46 .
0	tone is not bad , but it 's not playable at all .
0	they were extremely bright and sounded awesome when slapping .
0	the strings sound even more awesome on a jazz bass with both pickups on .
0	i like the v12 reeds better .
0	i love v-12 reeds , and use them exclusively now .
0	i tried the 56 rue lepic , but can honestly say i hate them .
0	i recently took up clarinet playing after a very , very long absence .
0	my degree is in clarinet performance/music education .
0	if my opinion changes in the future , i will update this review .
0	both sets were defective had to contact martin to complain about defects in strings .
0	got them delivered from amazon ok
0	this time not so much .
0	today after about a week of use the selector switch broke .
0	even though it was only $ 109 i still feel ripped off .
0	i got this a few weeks ago .
0	i do n't like it 's distortion feature at all .
0	more than i expected .
0	did not maintain intonation as expected and definitely a weak string .
0	mostly disappointed with intonation .
0	prefer d'addario hands down .
0	broke way too easily .
0	going back to paying double for elixers- they last 5x as long .
0	noticed that they are not us made .
0	thank goodness for amazon return policy .
0	the reason this guitar is so popular is it gets pushed really hard .
0	but when you actually look into the guitar its a real pos .
0	this guitar just is n't playable .
0	the tuners simply do n't work and they 're not easy to replace .
0	the neck feels like it was made from scrape wood .
0	please check out peavey or monoprice guitars .
0	came with a broken string disappointed
0	do n't buy these .
0	having read the other reviews , i agree these strings are almost average .
0	the tone is not right .
0	therefore , fellow reviewers i agree with some and disagree with others .
0	no need for comments in the box !
0	let 's get practising .
0	a gbmaj13 # 11 is a great way to begin a song .
0	[ easy lover by phil collins et al ] .
0	i highly recommend this guitar but buy it elsewhere .
0	but i have to say , i am really not happy with the e.sg .
0	a guitar should never be like that , but this thing is .
0	someone suggested to download different audio software and attempt that .
0	ca n't believe i spent all this money for something that does n't work !
0	i just got around to opening the box and looking at this guitar .
0	but that is about it .
0	ca n't play it .
0	so i will never know .
0	i guess it is not returnable if it has been over 30 days .
0	not happy with this broken junk i received .
0	very disappointed in that .
0	hard to tune , much buzz at low action performance
0	very frustrating that the guitar will not stay in tune .
0	after two weeks of messing with it i give up .
0	the string above it was off too .
0	i violated my own personal rule in this case , and got bit .
0	this guitar was a rip off and a big waste of my time .
0	good looking guitar , but was totally not setup .
0	the neck had to be raised and a whole setup had to be done .
0	please do n't ship guitars without the very obvious setup .
0	very disappointed you guys .
0	this guitar does n't hold its tune due to neck/body issues .
0	it 's also not capable of making a decent sound .
0	yeah i totally agree with the other reviewer saying that this guitar felt cheap .
0	i got mine today and yeah it looks and feels really cheap .
0	right out of the box the switch was broken , just fell off .
0	went to local place to check out hands-on .
0	i was not impressed at all .
0	the thing just felt cheap .
0	i could not imagine playing it for long .
0	it was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy .
0	i am surprised the les paul name was allowed to be used on this .
0	fine and beautiful in all ways down to the packing .
0	had little problem with playability .
0	the frets were like sand paper .
0	it was not finished , it missed qc , whatever .
0	i 'm disappointed as i ' v owned epiphones before and own epiphones now .
0	what are they using for fret wire ?
0	seller took it back and all is fine .
0	i love the guitar .
0	i play it everyday .
0	cost for the fret dressing would have exceeded the price of the guitar .
0	it is used ! ! !
0	these picks are fragile to say the least .
0	they break quickly and without much effort .
0	and i was teaching them simple strum patterns on acoustic guitars .
0	but i guess it is cheap plastic .
0	the price point was perfect , and the reviews were glowing .
0	buy it from someone else ! ! !
0	i order two time and they are the same .
0	infact the second one even worse .
0	the 3rd string from the 5th fret to the 22dn it kind of mute .
0	the qc should have not pass this guitar but they did .
0	the sound of goose bump !
0	these things snap , break and crack like it was their job .
0	in one song alone i broke three picks .
0	both sets were defective had to contact martin to complain about defects in strings .
0	got them delivered from amazon ok
0	this time not so much .
0	did not maintain intonation as expected and definitely a weak string .
0	mostly disappointed with intonation .
0	prefer d'addario hands down .
0	broke way too easily .
0	going back to paying double for elixers- they last 5x as long .
0	noticed that they are not us made .
0	thank goodness for amazon return policy .
0	does n't fit snugly on a les paul at all .
0	falls out all the time .
0	forget about using a wall hanger .
0	they do n't work with this either .
0	wasted money since it 's more hassle and money to send it back .
0	do n't buy these .
0	having read the other reviews , i agree these strings are almost average .
0	the tone is not right .
0	therefore , fellow reviewers i agree with some and disagree with others .
0	no need for comments in the box !
0	let 's get practising .
0	a gbmaj13 # 11 is a great way to begin a song .
0	[ easy lover by phil collins et al ] .
0	was not pleased with the wedgie pick holder .
0	it was not made well and did not fit my guitar well either .
0	keeps falling off my guitar .
0	this is for grandpa 's .
0	i only used this a couple of times before it stopped working .
0	stopped working within a month : (
0	input from the guitar to the pedal became jittery .
0	i switched cables out and determined that the input jack had malfunctioned .
0	i was forced to dump it just before a performance .
0	straight out of the box a piece of junk !
0	bought this new , worked for one hour before the pot fried .
0	used to play these in the 80 's and loved them .
0	they have great customer sevice and sent me another set .
0	however , after 2 weeks i still ca n't keep it tune .
0	tried some ernie balls and what a difference !
0	stayed in tune and no string buzz .
0	now i get to clean that out .
0	the wedgie picks i use regularly but they do not fit into the holder .
0	this thing is small .
0	it will work , but not in the middle .
0	i would not buy this again .
0	bought this pedal ( not from amazon ) brand new .
0	the pot needs to be replaced 2 months of light playing !
0	what a p.o.c. ! !
0	was very disappointed with this pedal overall .
0	expected so much more from such an `` iconic '' wah pedal .
0	i just opened this package & discovered it is defective .
0	it is missing all the 0.13 '' strings .
0	i 'd like for it to be replaced .
0	apparently my window to return this item closed at the end of january .
0	still , i think this item should be replaced .
0	i used this item once .
0	the next time i went to play my guitar , it was gone !
0	the perfect location for the transducer of my instrument yields low volume .
0	i do n't know .
0	but at best it gives a slightly noticeable increase in volume .
0	this is not a strong amplifier .
0	it is merely a 2-band eq with a slight loudness increase .
0	not what we were looking for .
0	the package came empty never will order this again
0	would n't buy this ever again .
0	i like the v12 reeds better .
0	i love v-12 reeds , and use them exclusively now .
0	i tried the 56 rue lepic , but can honestly say i hate them .
0	i recently took up clarinet playing after a very , very long absence .
0	my degree is in clarinet performance/music education .
0	if my opinion changes in the future , i will update this review .
0	going back to my other strings .
0	their quality control must be slipping .
0	they do not scrape off easily , either .
0	i have never seen this on guitar strings before .
0	they are an unnecessary distraction from the playing experience as well as uncomfortable .
0	received this thing in the mail & it was defective .
0	i felt sooo deceived & dejected after finding out it did n't work .
0	i was ready to jam with some friends upon receiving it in the mail .
0	i 'm in the process of returning it as this post is being written .
0	what a disappointment ! !
0	i suggest you keep your reciept/get a warranty .
0	stopped working after about a week in a half
0	it 's not working correctly after use of about 10 times .
0	it makes all these creaking sounds .
0	it clicks very audibly every time you depress the pedal all the way down .
0	the sound of the effect itself is , of course , classic .
0	the guitar i ordered was not the guitar that showed up .
0	the one that i was sent arrived broken .
0	what i got was a big mess .
0	that was a fabrication since the guitar was not playable .
0	you could not play it had the pick-up worked .
0	this guitar was a bad disappointment .
0	i believe you should get what you order and not a bate and switch .
0	i would suggest looking at the michael kelly guitars .
0	do your self a favor and check out amazon.com for the michael kelly guitars .
0	you will save time and money .
0	watch out for the bate and switch .
0	if it is too good to be true chances are it is .
0	that seems to be where it gets tricky .
0	i ca n't get this on my strings .
0	i really think i 'd like it if i could get it to work .
0	never seen a string unravel from the ball end .
0	i 've been generally pleased with ghs strings over the last 30 years .
0	mabey it was just a bad batch .
0	way too heavy for hickory sticks .
0	strings are over rated .
0	had to immediately replace them .
0	for some reason they did not work well on my fender guitar
0	they work so easily , and never cause issues .
0	i fully expected the banjo/mandolin model to offer the same satisfaction .
0	for steel-string banjos and mandolins , it probably does .
0	however , it 's not a great choice for ukulele .
0	i can make it work , but it 's a bit of a hassle .
0	it also seems to get in the way when playing .
0	the same problem occurs on both instruments .
0	the kyser , however , just does n't cut it for ukulele .
0	i 'm guessing it works great for banjo and mandolin .
0	this pedal is not that great .
0	the overall clamp is huge , clunky and stinks .
0	it does n't sit well with the newer microphone stand .
0	i use it but i 'd look else where for another product .
0	it did n't really fit my needs
0	i will probably just go back to using a regular guitar capo
0	unfortunately the popper does not stay put .
0	it keeps on falling from its position .
0	it is challenging to adjust .
0	arrived with 2 chips in the the body .
0	not due to packaging , it was obviously packed this way .
0	i still get quite a bit of pop .
0	as a result , the pop filter keeps slipping from the stand .
0	overall , i do n't recommend using this filter .
0	i ordered two pair .
0	one stick broke the first song i played .
0	it literally split in half .
0	they both broke ! !
0	this is seriously disappointing as i have been using promark for years .
0	terrible quality , gooseneck will not support the weight of the filter .
0	sending back and hoping the refund comes through .
0	difficult to control do not know where to put
0	break out of the box
0	it doesnt stand up .
0	very weak and i expected better
0	a few weeks later , it splintered and i ca n't really use them .
0	they are also pretty heavy .
0	it 's too heavy .
0	i have to use a bungee cord on my mic arm to support it .
0	a waste of money .
0	i 'm ordering something different .
0	i will keep looking arouund for one that really fits .
0	for the construction and price , i would have given it a 5 star .
0	he would spend up to 10 minutes of a 40 minute set tuning .
0	it still could not be properly intonated after hours of adjustment .
0	he ended up using my guitar for the rest of the session .
0	it was a happy day for us when it was stolen .
0	filter worked and sounded fine .
0	but f you have the boom arm , get something else .
0	i expected a filter to actually be able to stand up on its own .
0	first of all , there 's no way it can attach as shown .
0	packed up for return a half hour after receipt .
0	kinda of small but can complain about price- hard to adjust because its loose
0	the flexible arm wo n't stay in position , making it virtually useless .
0	i guess i should n't have expected much for $ 12.00 .
0	this thing is flimsy .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	build quality is cheap .
0	goose neck is flimsy and is n't strong enough to support the pop filter .
0	does n't stay in place .
0	and last but not least it damaged the chrome finish on y blue yeti .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	get an ibanez weeping demon if you want a real wah pedal .
0	type it in the search box and check it out .
0	the packaging was not good .
0	the pedal arrived a little banged up .
0	the battery cover was broken .
0	all of the srews were loose ?
0	unfortunety i was on a honeymoon so i could n't respond earlier .
0	the pedal appears to work fine .
0	disappointed with the packaging and the condition .
0	not that durable , im a sad pumpkin .
0	perhaps mine is defective .
0	and that is a definite possibility .
0	mount has a rubber grommet that falls off ... .
0	what a poorly designed product .
0	boss should be ashamed to let such a item be offered in its name .
0	the design flaws run deep .
0	you can only fit a few pedals in the available space .
0	but wait , there 's more .
0	if you look at the picture given , it is a hoax .
0	what a waste of money and time !
0	how disappointing for a company that ought to have more exact quality control .
0	it eventually flops down and hits the microphone .
0	when i got first , the sticks were bent .
0	the bendy part does n't stay put .
0	it 's too weak and droops down constantly .
0	it 's difficult to place on microphone .
0	i have to constantly readjust .
0	meh , it was cheap to purchase and it shows .
0	not very good a keeping its place .
0	i have to constantly re rig it , annoying .
0	we bought this probably more than a year ago for our son .
0	this worked much better for him but ended up a lot heavier .
0	the boss case is nice in that it is lighter .
0	the case broke the first time i opened it .
0	for the price they should use a stronger grade of plastic .
0	the goose neck did not support the weight of the pop filter .
0	a bit bulky and heavy
0	at first it works just fine , but over time it is terrible .
0	attachments are nice as is the adjustment control .
0	material of filter itself seems just too thin to be of any real value .
0	it was inexpense though so i guess you get what you pay for .
0	my review should be taken with a grain of salt .
0	i bought these , since i 'm building an acoustic `` water-bottle '' bass .
0	the scale on the strings is pretty short .
0	i 'd like some longer scale strings for my purposes .
0	i think i may just settle on regular electric/acoustic bass strings .
0	i might get some flatwounds .
0	the bass is technically fretless ...
0	the d string i received had a kink in it , rendering it unusable .
0	had to buy another set .
0	probably wo n't buy again .
0	stay in position oh you wo n't dam fck u
0	the grip tends to slide a lot .
0	here is why : first off these strings are thinner than the oems .
0	so that one went back to oem .
0	today i noticed that the e string was drastically out of tune .
0	the earthwoods would pull through where the oem would lock under .
0	with that all said , i did like how the earthwoods sounded and played .
0	i do have a few photos if anyone is interested .
0	contacting amazon if this product has any warranty .
0	the mouthpiece did n't come with warranty info .
0	there is no info on the manufacturer 's site nor at amazon .
0	clamp for this is really awkward and only clamps on stands that are circular .
0	it was one of the recommended pop filters with the blue snowball microphone .
0	with my set up , it was n't really necessary to have that piece .
0	it made adjusting the pop filter a lot harder than it needed to be .
0	it almost feels like the filter is too heavy for the goose neck .
0	i 'm returning this one as i got the dragonpad pop filter instead .
0	crappy ... . bad e string right our of the package .
0	they are made in america and had good reviews .
0	i will not be buying these again .
0	arrived just as described and timely .
0	this mouthpiece worsened my tone
0	contacting amazon if this product has any warranty .
0	the mouthpiece did n't come with warranty info .
0	there is no info on the manufacturer 's site nor at amazon .
0	it did not fit the banjo .
0	was very heavy , makes my mic stand droop .
0	from what i see the pop filter is a circle , not an oval .
0	i got an oval .
0	how can a pop filter get a negative review ?
0	# 1 the clamp assembly is about 4 times too heavy .
0	it keeps drooping and moving always needs adjusted .
0	the pop filter itself is pretty good .
0	light weight and nice looking .
0	arrived just as described and timely .
0	this mouthpiece worsened my tone
0	the filter 's arm is weak , and wo n't hold the filter up .
0	it will slowly fall and you 'll find yourself constantly readjusting it .
0	i spent more time hassling with this thing than i did recording .
0	seller should alter their design .
0	the weight of the pop filter is too much for the wire .
0	the wire needs to be thicker and stronger .
0	too big and has a long metal plate sticking out of it .
0	the fret board came apart from the base .
0	how do i get this replaced ?
0	did not attach to our microphone .
0	you need a microphone stand , but that was not made clear .
0	also , we did not notice it helping with the sound quality .
0	pretty thin and jangly .
0	works fine but why does it have to be so big ?
0	unit would serve same purpose at half the size .
0	this is a decent guitar for the price .
0	the placement of the jack plug is annoying .
0	the clamp just does n't hold this item in place as it should .
0	i end up jimmy rigging it to work .
0	the flexible are is almost a joke , it constantly falls .
0	purchased and defective within 3 hours of play time .
0	warranty response was to take it to certified technician to fix .
0	beautiful and fun to play for $ 300 , but looking to return .
0	goose neck ca n't even support weight of the pop filter .
0	should n't even be allowed to be sold on amazon .
0	way too tiny for anyone 's finger , and the shape is stupid .
0	go for a regular design .
0	was to small for finger
0	the goose neck can barely hold up the filter .
0	after a few minutes it begins to droop below the microphone .
0	as others here have said , this thing is way too big .
0	go in a store and try them on is my advice .
0	i have others that fit fine .
0	i do n't like the slide it 's too wide , hard to control .
0	i wo n't ever use it ... waste of money ; in my opinion .
0	gooseneck is too weak to hold the weight of the pop screen .
0	it wo n't stay in place at certain angles .
0	i 'm going to return it .
0	i definitely do not recommend .
0	invest in something a little better .
0	vater sticks are computer matched by pitch and weight at the factory .
0	there was a difference of 6 grams between the sticks .
0	i 've uploaded photos of the initial shipment .
0	these would have been perfect had they been a properly matched set .
0	i 'll never buy sticks on line again !
0	it provides good sound quality and major pop reduction .
0	the bendable arm you have does not stay in place .
0	it is not worth buying .
0	not the best capo .
0	buy one that is slightly expensive or just a different one .
0	i constantly have to reposition it to make it work .
0	it needs stiffer tubing and tighter positioning screws to be effective .
0	i ended up with tenor instead of soprano strings .
0	came with a broken string .
0	the capo is to tight and causes strings to sound sharp .
0	the metal spring broke after three months .
0	stays out of tune and i want to return it
0	i found them too short and difficult to string the 2nd & 3rd strings .
0	i thought i ordered a kyser brand 6 string capo .
0	its nice their clear nylon strings and sounds nice .
0	good quality especially for the price .
0	so imagine how many runs this has .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	i would n't buy this product again .
0	i did not except it sent it back do n't like rosewood finger boards .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	the spring breaks in a short time .
0	i 've gone through two of this capos !
0	same thing every time .
0	product is cheaply made .
0	i will never buy another kyser product .
0	the thing is that they do n't seem to stay !
0	and also the material of the filter is of kinda poor quality .
0	pro : does the job adequately .
0	a pop filter is not a complex device .
0	the mounting arm for this thing is as floppy as a wet noodle .
0	this guitar had the worst tuning pegs i have ever seen .
0	guitar would not stay in tune even for 1 song .
0	i tried a heavier gauge string but they were no better .
0	i really do n't like this guitar .
0	i bought it from the epiphone name recognition and it sucked ...
0	the 2 smallest strings got rusted in less than 2 months .
0	i had them on 1 week and 2 broke .
0	ive always likes ernie ball but this time im pretty disapointed
0	they sound great but they only lasted a month with straight finger picking .
0	poor tonality and the solid mono strings were easily bent .
0	can.u do.smthng on the weight of.the les.pauls ?
0	is there a way ?
0	even then , the tension was not equal across all strings .
0	i took them off immediately , a waste of time and money
0	not even close to be soft ... they 're harder than elixer
0	these stick out too far from my bass body .
0	i 'm still looking for a great strap lock ...
0	i bought this for a home studio setup .
0	the ukulele strings are to short to fit the classic ukulele with 18 frets .
0	all other reviews claim the strings work .
0	g string popped while doing a half tone bend
0	pops off all of the time , way too big .
0	too much tension , really hard to put on and take off .
0	imagine my surprise when opening the package and finding only four empty envelopes .
0	these strings have very little resonance .
0	could n't wait to change them .
0	i wo n't be ordering them again .
0	your hands and pick will smell bad if you play on it .
0	save your money and get the esp ltd ec-10 !
0	it has two high output pickups and a satan finish .
0	its also way more comfortable to play .
0	( not new to putting on strings )
0	these strings are easy to push down but mine seemed pretty squeeky .
0	i tried some string lube but they were still pretty squeeky .
0	not worth the money .
0	seriously - it has a hard time holding it 's own weight / shape .
0	i thought it 'd be a lot stronger .
0	definitely not one of my proudest amazon purchases .
0	too much effort to return it however .
0	it 's extreme and can mar the back of the neck or even fingerboard .
0	finctionally it can also throw off the tuning because of the tightness .
0	it 's also huge .
0	high e string snapped before i was even finished tuning .
0	not the quality i expect from ernie ball at all .
0	package was opened and missing an integral washer that makes it almost useless .
0	this is a simple product and fairly easy to setup/use .
0	they are cheap for a reason
0	the filter worked , but the goose-neck was too loose .
0	returned this item due to the flexible neck part being to flexible .
0	would not stay in the position i set it at all .
0	i would rate it as 0 stars if that option is available .
0	large is to small to fit on my ring finger .
0	looks like it 's made nice , but unusable for me .
0	i had to return it because it would n't go completely over my finger .
0	i could n't even get it to sit on my first knuckle .
0	will have to order a custom size .
0	it felt like stoneware too , which gave me the heebie jeebies .
0	they no longer make them in small so i ordered a medium .
0	i also seem to recollect a nice meaty material with super porous lining .
0	if you have a 4 inch pinky about 3/4 in diameter , go nuts !
0	the screws get stripped everytime ! ! !
0	the strings delivered were not silk and steel as the package indicated .
0	the strings were regular acoustic strings .
0	this was a nice tuner and worked great for a couple of months .
0	then it just plain died .
0	not a battery issue .
0	it was n't abused or dropped that i know of either .
0	wish i would have returned this .
0	it is very difficult to set straps up .
0	additionally , the release of the system varies .
0	i am not impressed with the set up and the quality standards .
0	get the schallers - the design is better .
0	guitar was made in china .
0	i just got this in and tested it out .
0	do yourself the favor and look elsewhere .
0	it 's a total piece of s*** when it comes for placing it !
0	i had these on my $ 3k dollar us made bc rich mockingbird supreme .
0	strap locks are a great idea but this is a poor design .
0	the ball bearings are tiny and will eventually wear and fail .
0	this does work , but its not a real keyser capo .
0	when it arrived i compared it to my other keyser of the same shape .
0	1. this label is rights reserved , like on the real one .
0	2. there are no grooves or textured handle like on the real keyser .
0	i dislike when being charged for something of a brand u rely on .
0	only to discover its a fake .
0	it dishonest and uses the reputation that took the keyser co. time to build .
0	i 'll buy mine at the guitar store now .
0	ive added a photo , the top is legit .
0	disappointed by this capo .
0	the bar that runs across the strings has become bent for no apparent reason .
0	poorly constructed product , waste of money .
0	you get what you paid for .
0	does n't get power from outlet , unable to get help from company .
0	now i have to buy another
0	i love the feeling of the strings at my fingers .
0	i can play longer now
0	the guitar came with one of the sound pick-ups not working .
0	had to buy a new pop filter one week in .
0	the filter is much much too heavy for the flimsy gooseneck .
0	i do not recommend this at all .
0	there are plenty of others to consider .
0	i wasted my money , do n't waste yours .
0	the strings sounds okay .
0	but , they are not stainless .
0	after two days , two of them became rusty .
0	these strings are pretty bad .
0	you get what you pay for i suppose .
0	they are n't slick at all and wear out quickly .
0	shellout a few more dollars and get the elixer strings .
0	you wo n't regret it .
0	the variant that i play has had numerous issues .
0	pros : price , style cons : workmanship , defective components
0	no tone at all !
0	recieved a very dirty cover , ca n't believe it is new !
0	maybe it 's just me , but very bad experience !
0	it was the marine band sound and 2 bad reeds .
0	poor quality strings , sound not bright like d'addario .
0	break easily with little more tension .
0	mine was made in mexico .
0	looks like cheap china made strings .
0	i bought d'addaria and gibson .
0	someone apparently had installed the buttons on their guitars then sent back the locks .
0	i returned it and requested the replacement .
0	i 'm returning this guitar immediately and this time no replacement but refund .
0	i have tried to return this item .
0	i only used this guitar twice , finding its quality lacking .
0	this caused a delay in finding that the guitar was also mis-produced .
0	also , i have n't been able to blow-bend the 10 hole for years .
0	used to be able to .
0	i was very disappointed with the sound of this unit .
0	when the item arrived to me , it was in poor condition .
0	i do not abuse the guitar by any means of the word .
0	i set it down , i pick it up , wire problems .
0	in terms of sound , these string are nice .
0	sounded great on my alvarez regent .
0	but , in terms of durability , not so great .
0	i do n't break strings regularly , so this is pretty annoying .
0	these strings sound okay , so far .
0	they should , being brand new .
0	but they were an enormous hassle to put on the guitar .
0	they are not packaged separately !
0	this made changing the strings a super pain in the ass .
0	i wo n't buy these again .
0	does not fit a roland rd-300sx 88 key keyboard .
0	i should have returned it .
0	this is total crap .
0	it 's valuable like 50 cents .
0	did not fit 88-key midi controller .
0	this honor looks nice but sounds almost exactly like my cheaper plastic soprano .
0	i 'll never pick up my first guitar which is essentially this .
0	it does n't do fast charging on lg v10 very slow charging very disappointed
0	this kyser does n't open as wide as the earlier models .
0	would not fit my yamaha fs830 .
0	the capo i received has a shallow and short gripping ability .
0	additionally , i found it to be difficult to grasp and open .
0	i threw it in the trash .
0	does not fit roland rd-800 or casio privia 88-key stage pianos .
0	broke out of the box .
0	it came out of the factory box , no visual damage .
0	the rhythm switch was broke .
0	based on the reviews , purchased this guitar for my grandson to start learning .
0	arrived quickly , which was nice and unexpected .
0	there was also a bunch of loose wood debris inside the body .
0	it 's being returned and replaced with another brand , yet to be determined .
0	this is a great student guitar and great value .
0	i would never recomend it. '
0	it shows dust really badly as well .
0	too slippery hard to cover piano
0	terrible tone for a recorder .
0	i 've used others that are much more warm and playable .
0	needed to go up one size for a little extra room .
0	does not play well above the staff and they would not return .
0	when getting a product like this id recommend getting a known higher quality filter .
0	there is no way we can comfortably use this .
0	this is a scam .
0	used and barely on last legs .
0	severely out of tune .
0	box looked like it came from a dumpster
0	this harmonica went out of tune quickly after being purchased .
0	i definitely would not recommend this brand .
0	this recorder looks good but the f is off the pitch .
0	you can only find the recorder sounds off the key is kid 's toy .
0	if you buy this as toy , then it is good toy .
0	but as an instrument of music , do n't recommend .
0	any instrument that is off the key , no way .
0	these kysers are ok but not really for acoustic so much .
0	it 's not the best science .
0	i am a professional entertainer of stage so this a needed .
0	for basic capo needs ... ... .. it 's great .
0	i returned this product right after i opened the package .
0	this was n't mentioned on the description on amazon website .
0	returning the item to the seller ( music123 ) has proved difficult .
0	i was extremely disappointed .
0	i 'm sending these back to the seller .
0	i will be returning this .
0	pretty disappointed in the product .
0	maybe this is just a fluke but i 'm not chancing it again .
0	do n't get me wrong , i love these harmonicas .
0	i guess it was never tested before leaving the factory .
0	i just hate the hassle of having to return it .
0	too slippery and ca n't hook to my yamaha sp90 .
0	now i am back to find better ones .
0	do n't be like me .
0	go get the schaller strap locks instead .
0	installation is easy , just a couple of screws like any other locking system .
0	why would you want to do that ?
0	aesthetics aside the straps seemed to work great .
0	after a few months they started to creak a bit .
0	do you oil these things ?
0	i would recommend you check yours !
0	the cost of return will supper pass the value of the item : - (
0	not all that great .
0	10x better pedals for the money ( see boss ds-2 or pro-co rat ) .
0	do n't listen to good reviews .
0	for the third time it was the wrong size .
0	i have a yamaha 88 keyboard .
0	i 've spent a fair amount on your products , especially the 88 keyboard .
0	why is a keyboard cover such a problem .
0	i know i sound grumpy .
0	so , no more inferior gator keyboard covers .
0	instead , i ordered a wall tapestry as a cover .
0	this took 2 weeks to ship and when it arrived it was defective .
0	i would not buy again .
0	meh ... sent it back , had better .
0	sounds very canned and thin .
0	get a ds-1 for half the price .
0	i love most boss pedals , but not this one
0	if you have a skinny neck guitar it probably works better .
0	see my other capo reviews .
0	this thing is trash .
0	it doesnt seem like a good value .
0	i have other harps that feel and sound better for similar to slightly more expensive
0	do yourself a favor and get some more durable sticks .
0	product is not as pictured .
0	product still works fine .
0	need to update your photos with the correct colors !
0	i should have done more research first .
0	one came damaged the button
0	package clearly broken , but shipped that way anyway .
0	should come with extra washer for a tighter fit .
0	worked for 15 minutes then died .
0	i wanted it for holloween but never worked again .
0	i went to walmart and bought 3 battery operated strobes for $ 5 each .
0	working on getting my money back .
0	this product did not work first time we plugged it in .
0	further , instructions state that it has a max duty-cycle of about 50 % .
0	completely went dead after 5 minutes of use .
0	such a waste of money .
0	do not buy this , it wo n't last long .
0	dont waste your time .
0	if anyone has suggestions , please let me know .
0	you have to pay border tax for europe 100 euro
0	it 's been a while since i bought this .
0	it worked great but 2 years after it decided not to work
0	the strap is fine .
0	extremely disappointed that i paid close to $ 16 each for a inferior product .
0	my return window has passed so therefor i 'm stuck with these .
0	read the other reviews and steer clear !
0	this item surprisingly lights up a room pretty well .
0	however , it 's lifespan is terrible !
0	after the first hour it just died and never turned on again .
0	needless to say is i am not very happy with this product .
0	i had this plugged in for about 15 minutes before it stopped working .
0	save your money , do n't buy it .
0	the biggest problem is that it is very hard to mount .
0	if you 're not looking for much it 's worth it .
0	i wish i would have bought a little bit better one .
0	it 's not fit new 2015 korg kronos 88 keys..
0	i plugged it in and it wouldnt work horrible product do n't buy .
0	one of the worst products ive gotten .
0	i saw the good reviews so i bought it but i was dissapointed
0	i 'm very disappointed at the quality of this product .
0	this is the first strobe i 've ever bought .
0	however , it 's useless in a lighted environment .
0	also , there is no on/off switch .
0	the spec for this item indicates 110/220 v for power input .
0	the actuial item is dc4.5v only .
0	contacted seller many time and still not resolved .
0	this pedal works ok for practicing .
0	but i strongly advise against recording using this pedal .
0	have tried to run it to an amp and mic it .
0	it is not good for metal , or any other genre for that matter .
0	boss makes some great products , but this is definitely not one of them .
0	the flash produced by this device was pretty dim .
0	could barely be seen in a lighted room .
0	though , it is a `` mini '' strobe light .
0	perhaps it was n't really meant for very bright flashes .
0	additionally , after only 4 days of use , it ceased to function correctly .
0	it would only blink a couple times a minute .
0	i bought one it lasted less then a month .
0	i just wo n't consider getting another one .
0	out of box this little strobe light did n't work for me .
0	its strobe was not constant and missed counts frequently .
0	the strap locks are great .
0	the packaging left much to be desired .
0	item was of poor quality .
0	i did return it .
0	unless you use it in a closet , it did n't work well .
0	took forever to arrive .
0	then too difficult for my 13 year old son to use .
0	this shock mount is nicely made with quality parts , very sturdy indeed .
0	i have a roland fp-4 keyboards and it does not cover it well .
0	no more dunlop products ever again ! ! ! !
0	dimarzio cliplock strap pisses all over craploks !
0	these guys make questionable stuff .
0	so yeah i 'm pretty upset about that .
0	this is not a dust cover that you can quickly use to protect daily .
0	it 's cheap , but save yourself the money .
0	i cant get this to clamp on to my hi hat stand tube
0	shattered the first time i tried to attach it to a snare drum rim .
0	on stage , in a big hurry , disappointed .
0	noisy , takes 2 hands , i rather my cheap pawn shop cable
0	worst cable i 've ever purchased .
0	great concept , but poor quality .
0	it 's thin , extremely rigid , and kinks very easily .
0	do n't waste your money !
0	i hate that they destroyed a great cable design .
0	why did they change this ?
0	i want the original planet waves circuit breaker cables back .
0	: - ( i 'm looking for an alternate solution .
0	they changed the way this kill switch works- it 's totally annoying now .
0	this is a great feature .
0	i changed the product once because the power button was very sensitive .
0	unfortunately there is no way to give it back .
0	unfortunately the on/off switch seems to be very sensitive .
0	excellent company , fast service .
0	does n't work but any try .
0	it 's circuit breaker may have functioned properly for a week or two .
0	kinkier than any lady i 've ever dated .
0	i bought two of these , and one stopped working after only 1 gig !
0	not expecting the second one ( the 'back-up ' ) to last much longer .
0	does not play well with pearl mastercast hoops .
0	broke the first time trying to fit it on the drum .
0	heavy , bulky and wo n't stay where it is clamped .
0	do n't waste your money and all !
0	i bought this for a korg kronos-x .
0	the condition of this item was not listed accurately .
0	instructions were ripped in half and hard to read .
0	this could be remedied with additional washers .
0	cable shorted out within a week of using it .
0	not happy at all .
0	the clips in my 100.00 pyle pro back up drum mic kit are better .
0	will not be buying any more .
0	had to return it .
0	did n't fit my 88 note keyboard .
0	it was adjustable , but another inch around would have done it .
0	the switch end makes noise , and it did straight out of the package .
0	in addition , it has progressively gotten worse with time .
0	if i could give no stars i would .
0	i ordered a 20 ft and a 10 ft version of this cable .
0	the 20 ft worked ok. the 10 ft cable caused noise on the signal .
0	i traced it back to an intermittent ground located at the right angle connector .
0	i bought two of these cables delivered to me january 9th .
0	planet waves 15-foot circuit breaker 1/4-inch instrument cable .
0	i bought it for the circuit breaker .
0	hard tuning and hold the button .
0	great company but this is a lousy product ! ! ! ! ! !
0	take them off the market
0	i wish i would have read the reviews on this before purchasing .
0	same issues as the other reviewers .
0	now stuck with a noisy cable .
0	on off button does n't work .
0	ill start with the fact that i love the idea of this cable .
0	in fact i love this cable .
0	it is such a tight fit that i am sure something will break .
0	probably the jack will break if i continue to use it on these guitars .
0	it works wonderfully on both my jazz basses .
0	it is such a basic component , how could they have gotten this wrong .
0	noisy ... i returned one due to my operational misunderstanding .
0	the screen is very thin compared to other products .
0	over priced , low quality - find an alternative .
0	if i could do it again , i would n't purchase this filter .
0	however , make double sure your cable 's on/off switch properly latches .
0	i ordered two of these .
0	you have to physically hold the switch button down to mute the cable .
0	these are a total waste of money .
0	arrived as expected on time , however the cord was a bit noisy .
0	i ordered two of these and both had the same problem .
0	i switched it out between 4 ukuleles and the problem did not change .
0	the model with the on/off switch would be a better choice .
0	i would have given it 5 stars if it worked properly .
0	cable switch does n't work at all .
0	appears to have a short straight out of the package .
0	getting loud static that cuts in and out every few seconds .
0	this is a deal breaker !
0	i have a few strait end cables that i love .
0	i ordered one from a local music store and same problem .
0	they are clearly having production problems .
0	this is not supposed to be a mute switch you have to hold in .
0	it should lock into the off position and then be able to be released .
0	just got these in the mail .
0	bad move on my part .
0	i think they made it out of the slipperiest material on planet earth .
0	if only i had extremely long arms , then maybe ?
0	quite simply i have ordered two and neither has worked .
0	most decent leads have that kind of snap in , that feels secure .
0	1st one came and it did n't work , so i ordered another .
0	that did n't work either .
0	a very poor product , i certainly wo n't be buying from them again .
0	plugged it in and needed to crank the amp to get any volume .
0	maybe this one is defective .
0	either way , i would test the cable upon receipt .
0	this product is poorly engineered .
0	used these strings on a gibson jumbo .
0	you push it in and over time it gradually slides out and disconnects .
0	i have a friend with the same cable - does the self same thing .
0	sorry d'addario but wo n't be buying any more cables from you .
0	tried installing these on a gibson sg .
0	therefore , i did not want to force the dunlop screws into the guitar .
0	the sg screws do not work with these because the heads are too big .
0	in essence , these did not work for me .
0	this cable has been redesigned .
0	i am very disappointed in the new design .
0	i love and have used my previous planetwaves circuit breaker cable for many years .
0	this change makes this cable much less useful than the old design .
0	i have the straight angle version that is an okay cable .
0	we 're done here .
0	great concept , but failed immediately ( no connection whatsoever ) .
0	complete waste of money .
0	i had to return because the circuit break button did not function correctly .
0	i 'm probably going to stick to standard instrument cables .
0	these came stock on my jackson kelly kexmg .
0	i figured since the guitar came with them i would try them out .
0	i would push them into the receiver and they pop back out .
0	schallers click in and you know they are ready to go .
0	they just feel cheap .
0	for a few bucks more i 'll stick with schaller 's .
0	i have been using them for 10+ years and have never seen one fail .
0	lot of static with brand new marcus miller bass .
0	was good while it lasted but went kaput waaaayyy too fast .
0	the key is out of tune in 3 months
0	it simply does not clamp the strings .
0	their `` adjustable '' setting only makes it looser .
0	i would not buy another kyser capo .
0	i am extremely disappointed .
0	i bought this 6 weeks ago .
0	i play in a praise band and also occasionally at local gigs .
0	now i uderstand what stretchy means in the product name .
0	however i was wrong .
0	i will return it .
0	closing the case may pinch the reed tips .
0	this leaves 8 usable slots .
0	bent # 4 reed after 3 days of playing
0	i relayed this information to amazon.com , and got no reply .
0	i complained again and still got no reply .
0	i need a replacement , and no one will respond .
0	i am a very dissatisfied customer !
0	without access inside deep cleaning is n't possible and holes start plugging .
0	do n't waste your money !
0	you are better off throwing in the extra dollars fro something better .
0	gooseneck is basically useless .
0	could n't get the thing to stand up if my life depended on it .
0	i am sure in the pisture the goosneck is resting on a countertop ... .
0	generally speaking pw products are reliable .
0	no connection to tip .
0	they were way too big .
0	they fit fine , they 're just ugly .
0	installation is also more of a pain than it should be .
0	i 've got tenax on my other guitar and i like them much better .
0	color is not as bright as it appears .
0	i have to say that this reed is not what it seems .
0	it holds tons of reeds but you have to fit them in really tight .
0	it might just be mine because everyone else seems to be fine .
0	this product has damaged my reeds and i 've only just now noticed .
0	fully inserting a reed will damage the reeds integrity and bend/break the reed .
0	bought this not through amazon but at a local music store .
0	all in all , i 'd not buy this brand again .
0	a bent hangar with a nylon would work better .
0	excellent mold breeding ground .
0	i do not recommend this case for an 88 keys keyboard .
0	2nd note does n't work .
0	definetly getting a special 20 next time .
0	heed this warning and save yourself some heartache .
0	this product should be removed and redesigned .
0	there is a slight edge around the bottom where the reeds slide out .
0	just enough to make it annoying .
0	dissatisfaction is guaranteed if you 're a serious clarinet player .
0	it damages your reeds and the reeds still become warped .
0	this is the prime example of you get what you pay for .
0	just could not get a secure plug in connection .
0	i also tried several instruments , it still would n't stay in .
0	very easy to change just loosen the screw and swap .
0	now it 's a great cable .
0	the neck wont hold it , only when it 's hanging .
0	but vertical/side/horizontal ... forget about it !
0	the plastic clamp i hope it will stay !
0	not worth for the price .
0	i should have gotten from other site for a better brand !
0	returned because of an ever so slight buzz
0	lot of unnecessary parts involved .
0	pain in the behind to put together .
0	my guitar is an evh wolfgang special .
0	would n't recommend it if you do n't have any mechanical experience
0	i am very glad i did that first .
0	amazon lists the *inside* dimensions of the cover as 48 '' by 16 '' .
0	again , i measured only the white keys , nothing outside that .
0	surely the company must have made sure it fit something .
0	i could really use a cover like this .
0	i loved this harmonica .
0	i 'm a beginner and was learning from an online resource on blues harmonica .
0	the instructor highly recommended this harmonica to learn on .
0	i was able to blow and draw on every note .
0	i learned out to get a single note , etc .
0	covering up all the holes and blowing on # 2 , i get sound .
0	drawing on # 2 , just air .
0	my usage of the harmonica was not much .
0	it was normal playing of simple songs .
0	i did try and clean it .
0	i suppose the reed has some damage and needs a replacement .
0	not sure what happened .
0	i 'm also concerned about what it would do to frets after prolonged use .
0	i recommend stearing clear from these entirely .
0	i bought this for my fantom g8 .
0	it does n't even come close to fitting .
0	as a matter of fact i can not see what 88-key keyboard it would .
0	if you are lucky to received a good , yes , keep it .
0	i had bad experience with them .
0	wo n't buy anything from them any more .
0	but read all the fine letters , before place order from antonline .
0	amazon wo n't back you up either .
0	still , i am very disappointed with this cable .
0	i got it for use at home .
0	unfortunately , this feature does not work at all .
0	gravity alone is enough for this cable to fall out of the plug .
0	i have never seen a cable do this in my 34 years of playing .
0	i would not recommend these cables .
0	incidentally , do n't buy monster cables either .
0	you know , where you ca n't fix them .
0	buy a cheaper , well-made cable instead .
0	many pro players use them because of endorsement deals with hohner .
0	i have spoken to famous professional player that endorses them .
0	buy suzuki promaster for best performance for the money out of the box .
0	the metal arm that extends from it is so heavy .
0	it could have been a bit shorter or even made from a solid plastic .
0	its sitting in my closet now .
0	hoping ill find the mic for it one day .
0	so i boutht one ; same problem !
0	the concept is great but not worth the problems !
0	cheap but does not work well .
0	orange , not red as depicted .
0	i think schallers are a bit better .
0	the plastic washer will keep the strap from slipping off .
0	i bought some dunlop strap locks many years ago for one my bass 's .
0	i would recommend ernie ball strap locks .
0	they are few more bucks , but they actually work .
0	you can take them on and off .
0	i have ernie ball on all of my other instruments .
0	the end is way to heavy .
0	do n't let that happen during a show !
0	i 've found the clamp capos much more effective , manageable and durable .
0	problems i 've had with it over the years .
0	there are better options today .
0	does not completely bar the chords leaving a rattle type sound .
0	it is also inconvenient to place onto the guitar .
0	the product came in broken .
0	it just flops around and you ca n't position the screen .
0	i would not recommend this to anyone .
0	do not do what a pop filter is supposed to .
0	please do not waste your money .
0	i really wished i would have listened to the other reviews .
0	this capo is garbage .
0	it does not sufficiently press the strings and therefore does n't work at all .
0	it really stunk and i returned it .
0	do not buy this ! !
0	this capo coming in the mail really bright also its not tight enough .
0	it leaves you with a buzzing sound on your guitar .
0	plus it seems to damage guitars after awhile of uses .
0	this is a very very very bad capo ! !
0	i never received this gadget .
0	i often wonder whether i would have liked it or not .
0	some kind of mix-up , i suppose .
0	glad this did n't happen while playing .
0	also , the on/off button is awkward .
0	replaced this with auto-switched cable from audiopile.net .
0	i bought 4 of these and 3 crapped out in less than 2 months .
0	lucky planet waves replaced them cause amazon doesnt accept returns after 30days .
0	some reeds stopped working within weeks .
0	another reed stopped working a month later .
0	unfortunately have to throw it in the trash and get another one .
0	i just received the product .
0	product sealed in the plastic box .
0	the product fits well to the microphone stand .
0	the screw-holder holds the body well .
0	however , part of the the screen is ripped out of the box .
0	not something i would buy again .
0	it appears that he is sticking with what works .
0	the screws that came with it did n't fit on any guitar i have .
0	sound was very good .
0	hard to hold for someone with big hands .
0	i would not recommend this to anyone .
0	it is flimsy and does not do the job .
0	it is totally frustrating to try to use .
0	i was very disappointed in both the quality and engineering of this product .
0	a work-around for the main issue follows the review .
0	the strap button has a radius about 3/16ths of an inch .
0	therefore any lateral stress ( i.e .
0	it does n't need much .
0	i used a belt sander and it took about 20 seconds each .
0	sorry , i do n't like these as they 're just too big .
0	they stand out too much .
0	they do work and they 're effective but they are too pronounced .
0	again , they work , but they 're not aesthetic nor elegant .
0	but theory does not match practice .
0	i have a long-neck electric ( not bass ) and a fender strat .
0	my back is not great , sometimes shoulder , so thought this would help .
0	unfortunately , after trying it several times , i never use it .
0	all in all , a brilliant idea ( and great folks !
0	) , but not for the guitar , in my view .
0	but this product was completely unusable for me .
0	super uncomfortable and held bass in a really bad position for playing .
0	the straplok itself works well .
0	the installation hardware , mainly the screws , are terrible in design .
0	they need to come up with a better design for installation .
0	they feel like cheap pressed metal and are very clanky .
0	recommend getting more substantial strap locks from another manufacturer if you need them .
0	there is a loud pop when i press the mute button on this cable .
0	it does n't work as advertised .
0	baggs para di direct box .
0	i received this hoping it would in fact look tie-died .
0	i was wanting a fun , bright capo , but this let me down .
0	i expected more for less but got less for more .
0	it does what it 's suppose to , but not nessary to have .
0	second time using the harmonica and the second hole produces no sound when drawing .
0	we bought two sets of strings .
0	did n't even get either on tunes , every string but one broke .
0	these mallets are too hard and i am dissatisfied with them .
0	do n't know if i can return them if i already use them ...
0	worst capo i 've ever used
0	there are many competitors to this product with similar functionality .
0	ordered 2 pack , only received 1 set .
0	figured i would be bent over on these and i was right .
0	very very slow delivery .
0	i love ernie ball and i 've been a regular user over the years .
0	this is simply not acceptable .
0	i 'll take my chances with d'addario
0	also the bolt that holds together the filter does n't stay tight ever
0	i returned this days after receiving it .
0	the filter is too heavy for the bendable lever , so it droops .
0	the tension on this capo is way too strong .
0	i bought this out of the box harmonica and it 's terrible .
0	i 've had it about three months and it 's been very gently used .
0	i have other c harps that i prefer .
0	this one however is already not usable .
0	considering it 's $ 45.00 price tag i 'm very disappointed .
0	in the future i will stick with the special 20 's and crossovers .
0	protects the guitar good .
0	looks like a second due to delaminations on the top .
0	after one flight it got opened
0	1 clasp does n't work at all and another is faulty .
0	is this the right case for the wildkat guitar ?
0	i would like to return it for another .
0	this has happened on not just one , but two different dl4s i had .
0	so kind of a bummer .
0	just wish that the pedal lasted longer .
0	so sad , i expected better from line6 .
0	died after like 5 months .
0	i 've been pursuing voiceover for three years .
0	unfortunately , errant pops sneak into my recordings fairly often .
0	it just does n't support the weight of the pop filter .
0	no matter how i positioned this thing , the filter would always sag .
0	i 've used a lot of capos over the years , including kyser capos .
0	generally , i consider kyser an industry standard .
0	there will be no quick capo changes with this bad lad !
0	i 'd recommend an adjustable g7 capo over this one any day .
0	3. it does not take wear and tear very well .
0	learn from my mistake , do n't buy this case !
0	gator 's `` lifetime warranty '' seems all marketing .
0	beware of the side handle as it easily rips .
0	the case came with stains/discoloration to the exterior in a few places .
0	the bottom of two latches scraped my fingers , they seem flimsy and cheap .
0	the interior lining was decent
0	loved this pedal but it inexplicably died on me after about a year .
0	i tried to turn it on one day and it no longer worked .
0	bought it on sam ash btw .
0	zipper jammed on both zippers .
0	the zipper broke very soon after using .
0	i should have filed a claim with gator .
0	but , the product i received each time does not have wheels .
0	perhaps leaving a 1-star comment will help ?
0	first the handle ripped and then today the bottom wheel housing assembly fell off .
0	light gigging , really disappointed .
0	anyone know of a better replacement ?
0	wasted my money on this one .
0	unfortunately , not all the notes ( holes ) work .
0	the other notes work just fine and sound good .
0	not recommended ( at least for beginners ) .
0	way to big for ni s61 keyboard .
0	after only 2 months of moderate use , the handle has begun to rip .
0	went to local place to check out hands-on .
0	i was not impressed at all .
0	the thing just felt cheap .
0	i could not imagine playing it for long .
0	it was not fun to hold and parts looked cheesy .
0	item was not new and not in working order and in fact was damaged .
0	have to use tape to get it to work how it should be working .
0	it was advertised as a 61-key keyboard case but it is way larger .
0	there are 18-24 '' excess length space for the keyboard to slide around in .
0	case did not fit keyboard it claimed to .
0	i can not express my disappointment .
0	it broke on it 's first airtrip .
0	overall this product does what it is designed to do .
0	stops the `` pop '' .
0	mesh is flexible and seems durable .
0	biggest pro is that it is inexpensive !
0	i do n't want it to flop around .
0	a simple winged bolt will remedy this if it ever does .
0	broke at the metal pin after 5 months of use .
0	this guitar is absolute junk .
0	while it may look beautiful , it is built with absolutely no care .
0	i bought one at christmas , and i played it very rarely with rocksmith .
0	this thing is unplayable .
0	spend $ 100 more on something a little nicer .
0	this capo is inadequate for my needs .
0	it has trouble producing enough tension and is fiddly regarding intonation .
0	do not buy this product .
0	the output jack on mine fell of .
0	poor quality and very disappointing .
0	there was no rough usage involved .
0	i opened the box and i noticed that its been opened before .
0	i see this because there were staples holding it together .
0	not happy at all .
0	its been carefully moved locations a handful of times but still managed to break .
0	i do n't recommend this .
0	does n't work very well on my electric 12 string , frowny face : (
0	excellent am very happy .
0	the vinyl is thin and poorly glued/stitched .
0	it is n't worth $ 100 .
0	it 's thin and cheap .
0	latches look ok. going back tomorrow .
0	i 'd return it but husband threw out the packaging .
0	this means that product needs constant re-adjusting .
0	i got this case with an off-brand les paul copy .
0	$ 99 is ridiculously priced for this thing .
0	the thing seems to function as intended , but it was n't shrink-wrapped ?
0	there were just two staples along the top of the plastic packaging .
0	how unprofessional is that ?
0	wow , next time , i 'm going to a retail location .
0	thats how poorly made this product is .
0	the les paul fits perfectly and the interior is plush and fits securely .
0	also has a lock and key .
0	if it was n't so difficult to return it , we would have .
0	we ordered a different 6 string capo which fit my son 's guitar fine .
0	we were extremely disappointed .
0	would have given it 5 stars if it had lasted .
0	the choral folder did not suit my needs .
0	the originaldescription said it had light wear from use and was missing some strings .
0	i own a '84 martin d-12-28 and a '03 martin j12-16gt guitars .
0	you can not have that performing live .
0	i would not recommend this to anyone especially martin owners to not buy this .
0	spring for the g7 guitar capo instead .
0	but well worth the money spent .
0	case looks and feels great , but it 's very cheaply made .
0	this a music folder that is a horrible choir folder .
0	octavo size music is dwarfed inside it .
0	i have tried to iron the flaps down , but they still stick out .
0	i am very disappointed .
0	i would not recommend this music folder to anyone .
0	perfect fit for my guitar .
0	i wanted a folder to use for orchestra music .
0	but some of the orchestra parts that i use are a very tight fit .
0	the pockets are not the typical pockets you see with sheet music folders .
0	it seems like this is designed for 8.5x11 but not much larger than that .
0	cheap filter with cheap results .
0	the filter does work when its in position .
0	good luck getting it there though .
0	i use this with my rogue herringbone 12-string .
0	will not be buying kyser again .
0	shipping in a timely fashion for this product does n't exist .
0	my son used this for 3 days and it was already falling apart .
0	this was a waste of our money !
0	the bending shaft does not stay in place once bent .
0	i am now wishing that i had ordered from a different seller .
0	too big for a choir .
0	i think its fine for orchestra
0	looking at the product , it seems `` ok '' .
0	but the thing is , at $ 16+ and made in china ? ?
0	that 's way too much !
0	the reason why 1 start is because it came to me broken !
0	the connection between the goose neck and the clamp is loose !
0	these companies should know that and should do strict quality control on their items .
0	it 's just a microphone pop filter !
0	make it right people ! ! ! !
0	do n't inconvenience your customers ! ! !
0	to the possible buyers : consider what i wrote here .
0	returning it and waiting for a long time is just not worth it !
0	its not worth it .
0	very poorly made ... would not recommend .
0	looked almost used when it arrived and the gooseneck stand is useless .
0	the arm just plain does n't work .
0	overall i 'm displeased with its appearance .
0	as for the product it self would n't know as of right now .
0	this product is a waste of money .
0	does n't open as wide as earlier models .
0	design has changed ... not a fan .
0	the pencil holder has no bottom piece so the pencil slips out .
0	the pockets holding the music are too small for full size scores .
0	do n't like it .
0	ordered this and was received with a big tear on the side .
0	case construction is ok , but the lock broke on me almost immediately .
0	this did n't work well for my 12 string acoustic .
0	it was n't tight enough to hold down the low e strings .
0	got buzzes and muted string sounds throughout the fret board .
0	check out the planet waves ns capo pro 6 and 12 string .
0	i really like that one .
0	see my recommendation for that .
0	what good is a capo that only presses down half of my strings ?
0	the 6 larger strings sound great and the other half just sound dead .
0	the tension on this thing really needs to be adjustable or something .
0	really terrible capo and i 'm definitely returning mine .
0	do n't buy this thing .
0	the closer you get to the headstock the worse it is .
0	so i 'm off to find a new better capo for my 12 string .
0	case is great but it came scratched .
0	not what i expected .
0	is to large for the way i planed to use it .
0	this was exactly what i was looking for .
0	definitely 5 stars.highly recommend these for any instrumental group .
0	when i order something new , i expect it to be new .
0	based on this product alone , i would not recommend buying from this seller .
0	the screen fell out as soon as i pulled it free from the packaging .
0	i have had to rig the thing to keep it together .
0	i probably should 've just made my own with a wire hanger and stockings .
0	everything else kinda works .
0	the clamp clamps and the adjustable arm allows for just that .
0	looks good out of the box .
0	i had to reinforce it with aquarium tubing to make it be usable .
0	terminally flexible would be the diagnosis , technically speaking , i believe .
0	how does that work in performance ? ! !
0	and it was too heavy to hold in concert .
0	i guess `` musician '' to this maker does not include vocal musicians
0	the smell is quite overwhelming and room-filling !
0	i 'm hoping over time it will diminish .
0	the vinyl skin covering the case seems rather thin and delicate .
0	the fit is quite tight .
0	it 's small , many of my scores would n't be able to fit .
0	no pencil holder either .
0	this folder is very good-looking but not as useful as i would like .
0	the pockets are not flat but have elastic .
0	two separate pockets instead of a single wide pocket .
0	did n't fit the guitar that it was suggested for
0	it works perfectly for its intended use of preventing plosives .
0	gives me much better mic sound .
0	the adjustment arm is almost useless as it does n't hold its position .
0	i do n't recomend this item .
0	it was an off brand , not the actual kyser capo .
0	these are heavily padded , thick music folders .
0	i would have preferred a lighter folder , although at least they are protective .
0	this is rather impossible , as the pockets are under 10 '' wide .
0	the folder is well made but poorly designed .
0	on the plus side , the customer service from musician 's friend was outstanding .
0	the package was shipped securely and arrived quickly .
0	i would definitely buy other products from this company .
0	it is a chinese knockoff .
0	again , do not buy .
0	i have four roland dp-2 's and three are broken .
0	they stop working and get stuck 'on ' for no reason .
0	i do n't think i 'll buy another .
0	very disappointed in the shipper .
0	that particular string is constantly out of tune once the capo goes on .
0	have n't had that issue with other capo 's .
0	the picture tricked me !
0	not even a full week of owning this and the sustain sticks .
0	would have been better off just buying a generic brand to be honest .
0	do n't bother wasting your money guys ,
0	no doubt , this pedal produces distortion sounds .
0	yes , i know it 's a classic- it 's just not for me .
0	i purchased the boss ds-1x instead- we 'll see how that sounds .
0	pedal was dead out of the box .
0	never worked , bought the recommended power supply ( which works )
0	defective - i had to return
0	this case seemed to get favorable reviews , so i ordered one from amazon .
0	upon unboxing the case i noticed immediately a few blemishes .
0	the thing that really bugs me is the flap of outer material hanging loosely .
0	my epiphone lp standard fits with some gentle persuasion .
0	maybe i got a dud .
0	i was n't aware that black paint costs 10 dollars .
0	just does n't work for me .
0	i 'll need to buy something else .
0	it will protect your guitar around the house and going to practice .
0	the quality is exceptionally poor .
0	the cover is soft and tears really easy even with a gentle bump .
0	i was sent a banjo case and not a les paul guitar case .
0	i returned the case thru ups .
0	i have not recieved my refunded monies yet .
0	lots of comments when other musicians see it .
0	had to change this rating .
0	zipper is a weak point .
0	it came apart causing the case to be unable to open .
0	the capo is a really nice piece and does its job well .
0	led light failed after one hour .
0	i miss the days when boss made good products .
0	buy yourself a blues box and do n't waste your time and money .
0	out of three guitar pedals ordered here , all have been returned .
0	review might be updated when i actually get to try it out .
0	it has started working again but the distortion sounds horrible now .
0	even with made in japan , there are different types .
0	i have that review on guitar fan site .
0	for new players , i recommend keeley mod .
0	fender , gibson , yamaha ... coach bag company is a perfect example .
0	he is pretty sure it happened getting it on ornoff the school bus .
0	2nd defective product item in a row .
0	i will never buy from this seller ever again .
0	this is one of those pedals everybody has had but has moved on .
0	have n't even gotten to use it .
0	had replace the battery and one of the 9 volt connector pieces snapped off .
0	produces little to no noticeable effect on my guitar .
0	i 've tried everything that one would think would solve the problem .
0	i 'd have given no stars if that was an option .
0	the capo i ordered does not match the picture , which is pretty frustrating .
0	through , `` never been more happier . ''
0	my own experience was that i was disappointed .
0	when the instrument arrived , there were no instructions for setting it up .
0	one important step was to do an initial tightening of the drum skin tension .
0	a third was barely hanging by its staple .
0	the fourth was solid .
0	this was not the case for this instrument .
0	if there are people happy with their 6-string banjos , good for them .
0	but something happened to the quality control between then and now .
0	do n't even bother w this pedal , it sounds like balls..
0	power connector is cheap and intermittently disconnects since new .
0	i was surprised because i was not doing anything to the drum key .
0	if only evans knew who i was ... . shame shame evans .
0	stopped working after about a week in a half .
0	be advised when buying instruments : you never know who is shipping or how .
0	returned the 'jo and got one locally that i could see .
0	sad ; not offputting from amazon 's sake , but a lesson nevertheless .
0	here 's the deal with this pedal .
0	this was a replacement for the first case i received that was defective .
0	the first case had an indentation right near the latch .
0	worried that when carrying in bad weather , the case may not be waterproof .
0	lets see what happens with the third .
0	not expecting much and have a feeling i will be returning that also .
0	always though that skb cases were well built quality merchandise .
0	obviously i was wrong .
0	at least amazon 's return policy is easy enough .
0	third case was what i expected .
0	too bad it took three to get it right .
0	this bass was a serious disappointment .
0	the sound was lousy .
0	the fret board sounds like a buzz saw .
0	fret buzz on every string at almost every position .
0	i would never use it in a real gig .
0	this looks nothing like the photograph .
0	at first it was pretty solid .
0	the hiss is irritating ... ... resembling the technology of the 1970s hardware .
0	i believe that boss can correct the poor design creating the unbearable hiss .
0	there are a few things one would expect when buying a guitar case .
0	spend a little more cash and get a good case .
0	this one is just too cheap .
0	went to radio shack they had none that fits .
0	suppoused to always send an electric equipment with its power outlet ... wtf
0	this pedal is just terrible .
0	its thin and weak sounding and just muddles everything up .
0	basic distortion / nothing fantastic .
0	its a good pedal for someone just starting out .
0	constructed well looks good sounds less than average .
0	tried to drive it and it just gets worse .
0	great pedal for a kid to play with but on stage do n't bother .
0	selling mine off for some new strings .
0	this is your deal . ''
0	i 've played guitar for over 10 years .
0	like many people one of my first pedal purchases was the ds-1 .
0	so i snapped one up just like everyone else .
0	so i plugged it in and did n't really care for it .
0	the distortion was harsh , thin , artificial sounding and always noisy .
0	a very worthy pedal , unfortunately overlooked by many .
0	probably my personal favorite .
0	its a rich , full distortion that at higher gains gets slightly fuzzy .
0	i 've never heard a bad tone out of mine .
0	a truly excellent pedal .
0	very big , saturated and warm .
0	basically , its a pre-amp that sits on the floor .
0	its an unbelievably versatile pedal , and its even true bypass .
0	a true hidden gem that 's actually cheaper than a ds-1 .
0	hopefully these suggestions give you something to look for .
0	find something you truly love and buy that .
0	then you need to push the up/down buttons to change it .
0	why all this hassle when all i want is a simple click per beat ?
0	and indeed , the tuner has a hard time when there 's background noise .
0	i find it useless for acoustic guitars if there is any background noise .
0	not a good idea .
0	metronomes should click.. click click click click ... .
0	works great in a quiet room .
0	after years of playing acoustic guitar i purchased a fender strat and a ds-1 .
0	famous musicians did not record with a stock , present day ds-1 .
0	the boss od-3 can create the sounds you are accustomed to in popular music .
0	the od-3 allows the tone of your guitar to come through the distortion .
0	but the ds-1 sound is unacceptable .
0	i was n't impressed with this pedal at all .
0	i 'd shell out the extra $ 20 and get a big muff .
0	this is not a boutique distortion pedal like hendrix would use .
0	boutique and distortion are an oxymoron .
0	metronome is not loud enough for any serious practicing with any instrument .
0	the tuner does not track pitch very well .
0	i gave it a 2 over a 1 star review because the tuner works .
0	remember this from the boss write up ?
0	no more looking down at the tuner . ''
0	what really makes this a bad deal is the so called metronome .
0	again you simply ca n't hear it .
0	i bought this thinking i was buying a tuner and a metronome .
0	it 's a shame cause as a general rule boss makes good stuff .
0	but i would advise you to pass on this product .
0	this is at best a tuner .
0	not me , thank you .
0	honestly i think its hardly worth the space it occupies in my case .
0	i would recommend this for my rivals , my rivals students , and hitler .
0	i can not recommend this device because the metronome is uselessly inaudible .
0	there is no headphone jack and no volume control .
0	( the store had the same price as did amazon . )
0	) , then press another button to complete the operation .
0	omigosh -- who do they think they 're kidding ? !
0	and yes , `` there 's an app for that . ''
0	the iphone/ipod touch have great free apps both for tuning and for the metronome .
0	it will turn off randomly ( sometimes before a minute is up ) .
0	i thought i could plug in my headphones and use the metronome but nope .
0	the tuner works like any other tuner .
0	it 's kind of hard to hear over live drums .
0	this tuner is alright .
0	it works best in quiet environment .
0	i used this tuner to help when tuning my acoustic guitar .
0	i exchanged it for another tuner .
0	now i regret it .
0	i was confused with how to use the metronome .
0	it had things like 0/4 1/4 etc .
0	i did n't get that .
0	the metronome was strange because it did not display time signatures .
0	also the beep sound was unusual for a metronome .
0	this thing is way too quiet and there 's no way to fix it .
0	the tuner part of this is okay .
0	as another user mentioned , it works best in a quiet room .
0	also works well if you plug directly into the guitar output .
0	the metronome is junk .
0	even on new batteries after prolonged use it shuts off .
0	the only plus side is that you can set it easily .
0	i took it back and got something better .
0	i 'm usually a big fan of the boss company and their products .
0	the metronome is useless .
0	because there is no volume control whatsoever .
0	it 's so soft that it 's embarrassing that they even incorporated it .
0	the tuner function seems decent although i have n't used it extensively .
0	i was very disappointed in this tuner .
0	works well , but heavy and cumbersome .
0	changed it for a honey tone -- much better .
0	this amp gets high marks for form and low marks for function .
0	it is portable and light .
0	roland should have put a bigger speaker in it .
0	i 'm returning it .
0	i ordered this item directly from my daughter 's amazon wish list .
0	unfortunately my brother did the same thing and my daughter got 2 of these .
0	she only needs one .
0	i spend aa lot of money on amazon and am very upset about this .
0	i just do n't get why so many people use this capo .
0	in my experience , it is useless .
0	if you enjoy re-tuning continually , then you will probably like this capo .
0	it will save you time and grief .
0	and yes , you can park it on the head when not in use .
0	forget this capo , and invest in the planet waves tri-action cap .
0	the sound is cheap .
0	like a little kids toy purchased at a family dollar store .
0	the rings are piercing .
0	i would not recommend this for any age or event .
0	it 's cheap and easy to use .
0	it 'll do the job , but i do n't like it .
0	i have several kyser capos .
0	different color for each guitar .
0	no one seems to care except me .
0	i hope you have better luck than i did .
0	a complete waste of money .
0	the 1.0 mm dunlop ultex feel much thinner than 1.0. very flimsy and small .
0	stay with your old dunlops , these ultex dunlops are terrible .
0	this is definitely a gig bag .
0	i suggest paying an extra $ 10 for the protec max case .
0	the weight of the 2 cases is comparable .
0	they last individually about a week .
0	they also wear smooth quickly on the grip .
0	i would recommend stearing clear of these .
0	month inn and plastic cover already ripped
0	i was expecting a better quality this strap looks used
0	extremely disappointed i will be requesting a refund .
0	i would probably not purchase a again .
0	overall looks are great but quality and duribility are not there ! !
0	not bad for the price !
0	i keep hoping i 'll find something it does work well with ...
0	the spring is too strong for a six string capo .
0	this capo is really small .
0	it bareley fit my guitar and it said six string for acoustic basicly .
0	but it did n't have the straight top .
0	but it was wavy not like the picture .
0	wrong product not ordering it again ...
0	it came all scratched .
0	one star for the seller not the product .
0	plus the quantity says 4 .
0	beware of this seller , i do n't think they are on the level .
0	if your play style utilizes a heavy attack these are the way to go .
0	i have to take back my favorable review from before .
0	what did n't this company turn out a precision instrument to begin with ?
0	returned this -- it musically did n't sound right .
0	please do n't waste your money .
0	this product is broken ! ! !
0	i have n't time for return this product .
0	i am very hungry .
0	having recently joined a recorder ensemble , i bought this recorder .
0	it was similar to one i played in a teacher-prep course in college .
0	while the sound was nice , it did n't last long .
0	i had to buy another recorder , a plastic one .
0	the tone is just as good .
0	i am an adult woman with smaller hands .
0	i was unable to do that with the hohner .
0	the pearwood also scratches easily .
0	sweet sounding as this price better then plastic one even better then aulos 307b
0	that was my first time using it and it broke .
0	i bought the wrong gauge .
0	i bought the .90 gauge at guitar center and love them .
0	these were made for that dave mustain muted crunch sound .
0	dunlop ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new .
0	buy em ! ! !
0	the recorder is okay .
0	a nicecase but size wrong returned at my cost wish the sizes were better explained
0	i really liked this recorder when i received it a half year ago .
0	i do n't think that this should be happening .
0	i use it only approximately an hour a week .
0	for many years the hohner pearwood recorders were my favorite wooden recorder .
0	they played well and had a nice tone .
0	they were easy to maintain .
0	i bought this case for a guild d25 12 string .
0	the case is too short for this guitar .
0	i would see this as frustrating to beginners and unacceptable for those more advanced .
0	my case came with one broken latch .
0	i will never buy these again .
0	this is a great guitar case -- exactly what i was looking for .
0	so , nothing wrong with the case -- but you should provide internal measurements .
0	will not stay in tune .
0	i have an expensive vintage gibson baritone ukulele .
0	everytime i retune , i 'm flat within 5 minutes .
0	cf would not be happy to hear this .
0	i am terribly irritated by this .
0	these strings are barely able to stay strung and keep coming loose .
0	end result is that i bought a new set of strings .
0	you guessed it they are aquila .
0	my 1st string wo n't even stay on my uke .
0	good luck maybe you 'll b more fortunate .
0	i need to speak to someone in amazon about this ... any one please ...
0	i expected better from martin .
0	i will never buy martin strings again because of this .
0	is there any decent baritone uke strings out there ? ?
0	thought i would upgrade and get martins .
0	i have a half a dozen ukes of varying sizes and styles .
0	the two sets lasted a total of 17 days .
0	total waste of money .
0	went down to the local store and got some cheap plastic crap .
0	will stick to those .
0	some 30 pound monofilament fishing line would be a better choice .
0	i returned the bag .
0	i returned the gig bag for exchange .
0	but the case is way too big for my classical guitar !
0	it fits my acoustic dreadnought body perfectly .
0	i 'm sending mine back for a refund
0	molded hard foam interior ( harder than styro ) .
0	a shallower dreadnought guitar would probably be ok in this case .
0	overall not anything to rave about .
0	the vendor sent the wrong item .
0	not satisfied at all .
0	in the right box , then sell to a customer .
0	this thing was not good at all .
0	i really do n't understand all the positive reviews .
0	this bag is flimsy and the straps are unusable .
0	even the cheapest gator bag is much better than this bag .
0	i love my epiphone les paul standard but hate this bag .
0	i 'm returning it at a loss .
0	i purchased these sticks because my son wanted the snakes and arrows .
0	that is not what i received .
0	i received the plain pro mark sticks with neal peart 's name .
0	for the money it works but not really impressed .
0	i expected a bit more from epiphone .
0	the picture shows a straight finish ( appearance ) .
0	they gave me the wavy appearance of the capo .
0	definitely , i 'll return this product .
0	this picture should be changed so that no other people are fooled .
0	bag did not have very much padding .
0	husband barely used it for two weeks when one of the backpack straps broke .
0	the stitching that holds the strap looped to the buckle suddenly came undone .
0	i can not recommend this bag .
0	for anything other than light storage to keep dust off .
0	sticks received were not neil peart autographed , signature sticks .
0	recieved product but the tightening bolt plastic was broken .
0	the clamp was still useable .
0	very large mounting bolt and may not work for smaller lights
0	the cable broke and doesnt work
0	this may be the last kyser i will buy .
0	also , they mess the tuning up on my guitars .
0	i am moving to g7 's for acoustic and planet waves for electric .
0	i 'm really sorry to say that it was very disappointing .
0	believe it or not , very difficult to install .
0	the sound was adequate .
0	is not a good product .
0	you can find something better .
0	its hard to make that work fine .
0	its always with problems .
0	i was not happy with the challenges to mounting the pads on the bridge .
0	this system is not working for me .
0	the idea that someone thought that was a good idea is really quite interesting/hilarious .
0	do n't waste your money on this .
0	not good for heavy lights
0	nice bag , but does not fit epiphone dot as mentioned .
0	this pickup did n't work out too well .
0	it 's a very odd and unworkable design .
0	i may as well put a bench vise on my guitar neck .
0	they are worth the extra money .
0	actual size is about 2 sizes too small !
0	have to return and needed them for work !
0	i used to love these sticks .
0	the weight , feel , look , but most importantly , the durability .
0	i do n't know what happened but these started breaking at a ridiculous rate .
0	sometimes after one use !
0	it really is too bad because these were it for me .
0	oh well ... guess i 'll go back to vic .
0	remove the metal hooks and its a good bag .
0	this thing produces an awful representation of what a bass should actually sound like .
0	i suggest the realist .
0	the sensitivity on this thing is ridiculous as well .
0	i ca n't turn the volume up without the it picking up constant feedback .
0	it sounds very natural and clear but lacks any driving low end .
0	i thought buying it directly to fishman would guarantee a good deal .
0	but it did n't .
0	first of all , it did n't come in a box .
0	it came wrapped in a paper .
0	it 's a shame .
0	i had trouble using this product as the correct tension was between too settings .
0	i am going to try a spring capo instead .
0	cheap but good for now
0	cheap , and you get exactly you what you paid for .
0	no way this can protect your guitar from anything else other than dust
0	pony up a little extra cash and get the realist from david gage .
0	their products are amazing and their customer service is second-to-none .
0	and please , do n't buy this worthless piece of garbage .
0	i bought this with the pre amp .
0	i love the pre amp , which i still use .
0	no trauma , no stress , no tension on the pickup itself .
0	it just stopped working .
0	one of the worst pickups i 've owned .
0	but unfortunately that is it 's best quality .
0	this is outdated technology , and i so wish i could sell mine .
0	who would i sell it to ?
0	i would have to tell them that it does not work very well .
0	equalizers fail to remove the sound of your fingers plucking the strings .
0	the finger sound is the prevalent sound .
0	save your money for something better .
0	i tried different locations of the bridge without any acceptable result .
0	in my opinion , distortion an noise are much too high .
0	it sounded terrible with the clips but better with the glue .
0	the sound is still pretty high end with weak bass .
0	if you like the high end sound , ok. but i wanted more depth .
0	too snug for my guitar .
0	not sure which one to guess with next .
0	i would not order again .
0	these sticks are some of the best sticks on the market .
0	2 star for late delivery .
0	didnt fit the guitar very well
0	one installed i 'm not going to uninstall and return .
0	i found a way around the all issues so there you have it .
0	just buy a new one .
0	it is sheer luck if the pressure is just right .
0	keep it , let it remind you to bring your good capo next time .
0	i used it one time .
0	i have not used it since .
0	money done flush down the toilet .
0	my guitar is 41 inches long .
0	this case did not fit .
0	too bad as you ca n't beat the price .
0	would not purchase again .
0	spend a little more and get something that will actually protect your guitar .
0	i do like how this works .
0	anyone listening ? ? ?
0	so , i contacted bbe .
0	the contact information on the website is totally useless .
0	it went out the next day and was received by kenny on 11/9/2016 .
0	i was told normal turn around was 9 business days .
0	the message promised a response within a few days .
0	it has been a week with no response from anyone at the company .
0	i even doubt it 's actual shira kashi oak .
0	just be careful ordering from this specific offer .
0	used it twice and it died .
0	it does do what it is intended to do .
0	one tube perfectly suites two 2x4ft panels .
0	i was forced to temporarily shut my studio down .
0	i might recommend gluing these to cardboard or pegboard etc .
0	to then hang them like poster frames .
0	takes up to much time .
0	i would n't recommend it to no one .
0	quicker , much much quicker .
0	i really do n't have a single good thing to say about this stuff .
0	- it works poorly as an adhesive .
0	the spray stuff seems to work better .
0	( user error is not impossible , but that 's my experience . )
0	- it 's pricey .
0	so , yeah , definitely not the right stuff for me .
0	these sticks are nothing like promark before they were purchased by d'addario .
0	they do n't look as cool , there 's no sumo wrestler .
0	also , the paint rubs off very easy .
0	overall , very disappointed .
0	i did n't receive the sticks shown .
0	they did n't have rush written on them like the pictures .
0	i was creating some sound control panels using auralex studiofoam .
0	the tubtak was too thick , it broke one of my caulk guns .
0	bbe sonic maximizer 882i demo and review https : //www.youtube.com/watch ? v=losl-gdhlpk & index=258
0	for the price i thought it would out perform a graphic eq .
0	i do not recommend this product
0	very unsatisfied with the morley .
0	minimal volume change and all within the first centimetre or two .
0	i have since purchased another brand .
0	this thing is a joke .
0	trust me , you do n't want this thing .
0	they break to easily i broke em within a day .
0	i really do n't recommend these to hard hitting drummers - j
0	not even close to fitting my guitar .
0	sorry : ( maybe my ukelele ?
0	said they would replace this , not recieved in over a month .
0	fine capo , except one huge flaw .
0	the spring used in the capo is insanely strong .
0	if you 're toating between practice with an instructor , it 's okay .
0	this bag is useless for kids as a drop would likely result in damage .
0	i would even go so far as to call it a glorified dust rag .
0	not a very great product .
0	spend the extra money and get something hand wired .
0	further search pointed to ground loop .
0	returning it and look for other alternative .
0	i purchased the product about 3 days ago .
0	i give it a star for being the fastest shipment i 've ever had .
0	i only recieved three !
0	i need six to play music !
0	i 'm very unsatisfied with the product .
0	the lower strings create a rattling sound as you strike them .
0	i 've never experienced this before with other strings .
0	a musician friend of mine confirmed the same impression .
0	i have to conclude it 's the strings that are rattling .
0	edit : 3/14/2013 all good things must come to an end .
0	also , kyser capos are made in the usa by americans .
0	; - ) charity starts at home !
0	these are not viola string , they are violin strings .
0	skb hustled out a pair of replacements -- but the wrong type .
0	it is larger than i needed , but the extra storage is welcome .
0	the handles and locks are good , and the padding adequate .
0	i say upgrade the housing and it 's a 3 star plus case .
0	waaaaaaaayyyyyyy to big unless you have a frekin massive board .
0	thinish plastic , not enough padding .
0	do yourself a favor and get a different one .
0	the minimum dimesions on this thing are wayyyyyy off .
0	on the other hand , i 've tested it with two inputs one output .
0	the pedal is almost transparent .
0	so it really depends on what you wan na do with this pedal .
0	my mmv supposedly came with these on it .
0	i guess i bought a bad batch because these sound awful
0	if someone knows how to use it they might like it .
0	the wingnuts are also very cheap and none of mine were drilled straight .
0	returning for a refund .
0	all scenarios produced the same result as mentioned above .
0	i tried these to restring a classroom set of guitars .
0	i 've had 6 b and e strings completely slip out .
0	i 'm a bit surprised with all the positive reviews here .
0	the inside is very nice , and the fit was perfect .
0	too bad the quality just is n't there .
0	how come a chauvet mount wo n't work with a chauvet light ?
0	the only cure is a reaming tool to relieve the holes provided .
0	it does n't work .
0	do n't buy them , go for the adj o-clamps instead .
0	those things are great !
0	this item was cheap and a complete waste of money .
0	it did not do the job and was cheaply made .
0	these clamps are what they are ... cheap .
0	fine for small venue installs and for extremely light duty work .
0	par 38 's or lighter only .
0	maybe willie nelson can use this case for his battered guitar ?
0	received the wrong strings .
0	the 1.0 mm dunlop ultex feel much thinner than 1.0. very flimsy and small .
0	stay with your old dunlops , these ultex dunlops are terrible .
0	fit great until using them to drum .
0	then the ripped across the palm the first night i used them .
0	the added wrist support does n't allow the wrist to move freely .
0	e string broke when i tried to tune .
0	they last individually about a week .
0	they also wear smooth quickly on the grip .
0	i would recommend stearing clear of these .
0	one of the poorer buys from amazon .
0	i do not like it ! ! !
0	would not recommend purchase of this case .
0	the case is very heavy and that is a drawback .
0	it has protected my hummingbird however .
0	musician 's friend is not my friend .
0	needed to call and call to have it removed from my bill .
0	i am one unhappy camper and they need to get their act together .
0	they lose tone rather quickly .
0	i really do n't like them much .
0	try ernie ball or d ' addario 's
0	the case is very nice .
0	the biggest problem for us was the weight of the case .
0	we tried it once and it was impossible to be considered practical .
0	looks cheap , but does the job .
0	it is just beyond the return date .
0	on my ibanez acoustic , it only properly frets 5 of the 6 strings .
0	i returned it for a dunlop , which works beautifully .
0	this thing was beat to h*** by the time i got it and non-functional .
0	i have been using martin marquis , which sound great on the d28 .
0	i bought 5 sets , tried 1 , threw the other four away .
0	i have a schubb now , which kicks the clamp-on capo 's behind .
0	i bought a new drumsticks and , the seller sent me a used pair
0	i have a tiny harmonica ! ''
0	and nothing more than that .
0	however , to be quite honest , this thing is utterly unplayable .
0	they are much easier to play and sound a whole lot better .
0	i got the capo in for my 12 string .
0	so right now i am completely unhappy with my purchase .
0	so i am going to leave this complaint here .
0	the capo itself is great - but not what i wanted .
0	it has now been a couple of months and the link is still incorrect .
0	strings arrived with rust on the plain strings .
0	bought this item through musician 's friend .
0	i took it out of the box and plugged it in .
0	evidently this unit had never been tested before it was shipped from the factory !
0	i did n't even bother to send it back .
0	it was n't worth the trouble .
0	maybe i can use the bulbs .
0	at least they worked .
0	i 'll probably never buy another chauvet product again .
0	this did the job , so i was satisfied .
0	but i would not recommend this for a jobbing dj/party organiser .
0	this is a joke barely playable
0	string busted when first installed
0	one star for the seller not the product .
0	plus the quantity says 4 .
0	beware of this seller , i do n't think they are on the level .
0	if your play style utilizes a heavy attack these are the way to go .
0	reed action is too stiff .
0	requires concerted effort to get reed to vibrate .
0	such is the case on all the notes .
0	you will not be able to play this at all .
0	what on earth do they mean by perfectly playable ?
0	i hope my one star review will help someone else avoid making this mistake .
0	and shame on them , for saying these are perfectly playable .
0	this one is nothing like mine .
0	this one requires a lot of breath .
0	i bought 4 as gifts .
0	so bad i tested all four .
0	into the garbage they went .
0	it 's what you want .
0	six full sized , rich sounding holes in a wonderfully machined pocket sized harp .
0	soooo much better than any other mini-harp out there .
0	would not buy again .
0	thought it would be okay , but it is not really playable .
0	extra star since it 's $ 2 .
0	i thought this thing would play , not well , but play .
0	it is so out of tune that it is painful to hear .
0	it is strictly a piece of jewelry or a fob for your keys .
0	maybe good for a laugh .
0	i wo n't try to buy a mini-harmonica cheaply again .
0	unfortunately , this box of reeds was not up to my liking .
0	three out of the five reeds were not usable .
0	they sound good ... however , these strings break almost immediately .
0	very limited set of patterns .
0	it would have been ok for the 90s but very limited for these days .
0	rip-off and waste of time .
0	do n't trust music buys .
0	i ca n't recall this item
0	i bought the wrong gauge .
0	i bought the .90 gauge at guitar center and love them .
0	these were made for that dave mustain muted crunch sound .
0	dunlop ultex sound awesome and so far they still look like new .
0	buy em ! ! !
0	sent it back because no back light on screen ,
0	the g and d strings break almost daily as well .
0	if you are a serious guitar player , get something else
0	ca n't expect to much though , it was a cheap bow .
0	i am confused a bit by this product .
0	just did n't really like the sound they produced .
0	it was in the right tuning just had a funny sound
0	a bit too short , even for 6 string lap steel .
0	get the long dawg instead .
0	do not order these reeds .
0	they arrive in an open box and none of the reeds are sealed .
0	package showed owing postage , but was supposed to be included .
0	put strings on guitar and one broke immediately .
0	ordered a box , it came used .
0	making up a drum set .
0	of these , i can easily change the tempo for live performances .
0	but this is where easy ends .
0	this has been a frustrating experience , to say it respectfully .
0	ive been spoiled by fruity loops ... this thing is a dinasour .
0	that being said , it is fairly simple to create your own patterns .
0	oh , well , its all part of the journey ...
0	nothing at all like the original i owned in the mid 80s .
0	its more complicated and doesnt have as many options .
0	i found a older version on ebay .
0	but i chose to but new for the same price .
0	now the ebay unit has been sold .
0	these strings have a very metallic and unpleasant sound .
0	i do not recommend them to anyone with a cello
0	this drum machine does n't have any beats i could use .
0	it sits in a drawer collecting dust .
0	whoever said this is a good machine probably never had another to compare .
0	not putting it down , it 's just not for me .
0	one or two beats does not a drum machine make .
0	the sr 18 is fantastic .
0	this 0ne , not so much .
0	terrible synthetic sounding drums .
0	very weak on jazz and blues rhythms , not particularly intuitive either .
0	i never use it .
0	they broke as they were being installed
0	long winded but i needed to vent ! !
0	i got a box of tenor sax reeds .
0	extremely disappointed at the waste of money .
0	arrived defective ... had to send it back
0	my daughter has been using these reeds for several years .
0	does the inventory not turn over quickly ?
0	we will not order reeds again .
0	quite shrill initial sound and then completely dead within a couple of days .
0	i also found them very stiff given the gauge .
0	i went back to my john pearse 200l 80/20 's .
0	does not stick to the instrument at all .
0	not worth the money or for any amount if it does n't stick .
0	i checked the primary circuit and there seems to be a short circuit .
0	had to send back it was a defect .
0	i started reading the manual , then started falling asleep .
0	i just want to jam with a beat , not write beats .
0	and i personally thought it sounded very mechanical and fake .
0	that 's why they say 'drum machines have no soul ' .
0	what adapter do i need for my fender mini twin ?
0	i connected to fender mini tone master and strummed my guitar a few times .
0	then it was broken within 10 seconds .
0	i also heard there was some noise while no nose with 9v battery .
0	maybe the voltage in australia is 240v and it was not suitable .
0	i would not recommend to the users in the country with high voltage .
0	the price was reasonable and it may work for most of people .
0	but it was just a waste for me .
0	i got this because it was specifically recommended for the honeytone miniamp .
0	the buzz drowns out the guitar entirely at reasonable volumes .
0	there is no buzz at all with a 9 volt battery in the amp .
0	it only has a couple of beats i like .
0	's run down in less than an hours use .
0	if i had it to do over , i would not buy it .
0	no original package and no original label .
0	they were used strings , not new ones as it was published .
0	it looks nice but have n't used it
0	the sounds are so , so .
0	i sold it within a month with 50 % loss and got boss dr-880 .
0	that what i should do in first place..
0	can not get drum machine working .
0	out of 10 - 2 are broken and 6 are chipped .
0	ordered these in may and so far only one was used..
0	your advertisement for this product was a complete farce !
0	they did n't last near as long as others ones we have purchased elsewhere
0	seriously , save your money for the real deal .
0	the strings that did not break sound okay .
0	the dod chorus beautiful pans back and forth equally with a bright shimmery brilliance .
0	this one is not for me..
0	its impossible to blow through and the response is horrible !
0	i bought one of these several years ago .
0	however , upon connecting the cables to an amp , no sound was produced .
0	these things will stop working .
0	i took it to radio shack only to find out that it doesnt work .
0	i want my money back because my son worked hard for that money .
0	if you want a good pedal try mxr or electroharmonix .
0	for a good chorus pedal try the mxr analog chorus .
0	i would not buy it again .
0	this is at the bottom of the pile , let me tell you !
0	the joke is on whomever thinks this is a cool mic .
0	my 11 year old said do n't buy again .
0	i just got the sr-16 .
0	i unpacked it and turned it on .
0	it worked for a couple of hours and then it simply stopped working .
0	now , i have to box it up and send it back .
0	this is very uncool .
0	the qa on this product did not work !
0	crap ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	i 've had an sr-16 for years .
0	loved it ; used it regularly .
0	i bought the sr-18 the day it came out .
0	now i 'm going to ebay it .
0	i need a drum machine for practice .
0	stop , start , decent fills that are completely logical and predictable .
0	but the sr-18 is just about worthless in that role .
0	here are some of the weird things : genres not grouped together .
0	different tempos for each pattern .
0	what 's with that ? ?
0	different track lengths for each pattern .
0	on the old sr-16 , all patterns were 2 bars ; eight beats .
0	boring , maybe , but useful and predictable .
0	it was easy to insert a fill because you knew what was coming .
0	.and it starts the fill 8 beats too late .
0	.at least , not without years of study .
0	stick with your old sr-16 .
0	that 's what i 'm doing .
0	alesis , you broke my heart !
0	these snapped when doing an initial tuning on our daughter 's guitar .
0	waste of money - should have bought a different brand of guitar strings .
0	ok to practice with but not for the studio .
0	so i 'm back to using the old model .
0	there was also no invoice included with the product when it arrived .
0	it is too rigid or something .
0	it is all down hill , disappointment and frustration from there .
0	this cable caused my amp to pickup am radio stations .
0	i swapped it out with my vox cable and the problem went away .
0	connected it back up and the am radio station came back .
0	back to the d'addario string .
0	many people might like it , but for me , absolutely noooooooo !
0	so when my strings wear out , i got this .
0	if you have guitars like seagulls or so , definitely avoid this string .
0	electric and acoustic and a bass .
0	i mean , what would an acoustic bass sound like ?
0	so , i tried this out .
0	i had to fish out chips of glue that came off .
0	they will look like beads at first .
0	do we wind the strap at the bottom of the neck ? ! ? !
0	the key was a mixture of convenience and feasible function .
0	i do n't feel that either were met .
0	well , what can i say ?
0	based on the customer reviews , this purchase seemed like a no-brainer .
0	and before you ask , `` is it perhaps your output jack ?
0	`` , all of my other cables work with my gee-tar .
0	i got one free with a hohner 64x harmonica ears ago as a promotion .
0	about all it is good for is live blues at a club .
0	bought rico and had no oroblem4
0	the first string buzzes on the first fret when played open .
0	it still plays ok though .
0	bass was damaged when it arrived .
0	that being said i still would have sent it back .
0	but this bass is awful worth maybe $ 50.00 top .
0	come on ... .70 dollars for some packing foam ?
0	most other acoustic foam i 've seen is much thicker and heavier .
0	this product was a total rip off .
0	especially since the description said 12-4'x2'x2 '' panels .
0	if i had received 12 pieces then maybe that would have been worth it .
0	this stuff literally costs like a dollar to make .
0	now i see the same product listed at over $ 400 ! ? ! ?
0	$ 400 dollars for a 2x4 piece of packing foam ?
0	who are you kidding ?
0	poor sounding quality from my guitar which was a gibson les paul .
0	i was so excited about this bass .
0	i was so disappointed by this bass .
0	it has good sound both unplugged and plugged in .
0	unfortunately , from the very beginning , there was fret buzz .
0	at first it was only if played loudly .
0	then it was all the time if played all but the most quietly .
0	then it was unplayable .
0	this all happened in a span of about 5-6 months .
0	i tried adjusting the truss rod ... it did not help .
0	it did reduce the sound of the buzz , but it was still there .
0	i hope this review is helpful .
0	i 'm pretty bummed out to say the least .
0	i have restrung my guitar many times .
0	never had this happen .
0	will not be buying them again .
0	i bought this after looking at the great reviews it received .
0	this was not worth the price .
0	bought this guitar for my teenage grandson .
0	the fretwork on the guitar was terrible .
0	the guitar seems good for the price .
0	nonetheless , the packaging was damaged ( torn box flap ) .
0	i may return the product back .
0	the action on this instrument is terrible .
0	the last several frets were actually touching the stings .
0	dean obviously has no quality control with this product .
0	buyer beware ! ! !
0	i am very disappointed with this guitar and i will be returning it immediately .
0	i have no plans to purchases a dean guitar again .
0	i was hoping to learn how to play so we could jam together .
0	well , its a rainy weekend .
0	figured we would get it out , and it doesnt work .
0	we plugged it into two different amps and nothing !
0	thanks a bunch : (
0	the first string i tuned snapped immediately .
0	it was also the wrong color .
0	i intend to return it immediately for full refund .
0	i returned mine for a refund rather than a replacement .
0	i could not use one .
0	a waste of money .
0	guitar looked great , sounded great , but was extremely awkward to play .
0	i played for my wife who said that they sounded really bad .
0	i just have learned to like better and little more expensive strings .
0	switched to red ... love the red !
0	very satisfied with this article everything was as stated thanks , leo
0	g string broke on first tune up did n't even get up to e .
0	d string broke when i was putting it on my violin .
0	it was still fairly loose when it broke .
0	strings do n't hold tuning and are easily prone to breaking .
0	a few weeks later i received a package from rapco .
0	i opened it up , it was a brand new cable .
0	that clearly should never have passed a quality control inspection .
0	they sent me a defective cable as a replacement .
0	they do n't even quality check their products .
0	when i called them again , the lady did n't believe me .
0	never , never , ever again will i ever buy a rapco product .
0	with or without a receipt .
0	spend the extra money and go with a better brand .
0	imagine supplying your studio with rapco cables .
0	they should pay for my shipping the second time .
0	i have been stringing instruments for 40 years .
0	incredibly bad strings ! ! !
0	two of the four broke before they were even to tune .
0	hate these strings broke off 1st day of use
0	strings were great , except something was wrong with the d string .
0	please contact me to get this resolved .
0	i had to put the rest of the strings on my students violin .
0	supposed to get 300 hours out of the batteries will have wait and see .
0	i purchased the 4/4 size strings ( or so i thought ) on 09/24/16 .
0	her `` a '' string needs to be replaced tonight .
0	i opened the package and guess what..they are 1/2 scale .
0	do n't use on mesh drum heads , unless you use them backwards .
0	i waited with baited breath for this to arrive based on fishmans description .
0	silly me ! ! !
0	got it today -- -- going back today .
0	bridge snapped after attempting to tune it properly .
0	got a new bridge .
0	attempted to tune it properly again .
0	this is a complete scam .
0	i ordered tenor saxophone reeds but received baritone saxophone reeds instead .
0	otherwise , great product .
0	not a good decision .
0	go with the v16 's .
0	i mean holy crap .
0	just tuning it up was a nightmare .
0	steel strings , man .
0	they do not belong on the violin .
0	it 's just awful .
0	night and day difference .
0	these strings fight me on every instrument i try them on .
0	good response and feel ; nice , quieter sound .
0	i recommend using vic firth 's bamboo tala wands instead .
0	bluf : not recommended .
0	i just do n't like these .
0	maybe ok for beginners .
0	unfortunately , the strings are very weak and broke with 3 weeks of use .
0	buy this if you want to develop scoliosis .
0	strings broke immediately , all but one .
0	stopped working after a month .
0	do n't buy this item .
0	not the best capo .
0	buy one that is slightly expensive or just a different one .
0	i constantly have to reposition it to make it work .
0	i 've had to go back to my cheapo lee oskar holder .
0	the other strings are also in poor shape .
0	strings broken after first time use .
0	she also showed me the uneven parts on the string .
0	the capo is to tight and causes strings to sound sharp .
0	the metal spring broke after three months .
0	it was ok needed something stronger
0	the violin is now an eye sore and needs some serious work .
0	when you attempt to play louder , the pitch bends .
0	i 'll keep looking and hope i find something better for my students .
0	these strings start to peel away after only a few weeks use .
0	sound quality typical of steel strings .
0	not for the budget-minded as the strings wear out too quickly .
0	not the right one .
0	it does hold any harmonica well but i would look at the other types
0	whether you like a pickup or not is extremely subjective .
0	in short , choosing a pickup is basically a crap shoot .
0	well , i purchased a 59 neck for my two humbucker strat .
0	it and i just never got along .
0	i found it muddy , unclear , and inarticulate .
0	this was a bit of surprise since my guitar leans toward bright and percussive .
0	the anderson h1 is fabulous and just what the doctor ordered .
0	again , when it comes to pickups , your mileage may vary .
0	pieces flying off from the first strike .
0	threw them away 1/4 into the song .
0	i thought i ordered a kyser brand 6 string capo .
0	i had two a-strings unravel under my fingertips with this set .
0	i have to go to a music store for a single string .
0	there are at least two ways you can remedy this .
0	but , you are right , we have been assembling them incorrectly for decades ''
0	it seems to be well built but the ergonomics are n't quite right .
0	it 's getting a lot less use than i expected .
0	i would recommend looking for alternatives .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	the spring breaks in a short time .
0	i 've gone through two of this capos !
0	same thing every time .
0	product is cheaply made .
0	i will never buy another kyser product .
0	not allowed ups to ship because of its size
0	did not come close to surviving baggage claim .
0	ruined from one journey .
0	the lid does n't quite close precisely .
0	the strings were bent when i received them .
0	i am highly disappointed .
0	i could barely get any phrase out and i normally have no trouble .
0	alternated between new strings i just got and the old ones .
0	all except the e string were normal .
0	so replaced them and started tuning again .
0	i 'm a private violin teacher .
0	my students got these strings recently to replace some dead strings .
0	i recommended dominants to them , but they purchased these strings instead .
0	even then , the tension was not equal across all strings .
0	these amazon prices are less than what real dealers pay !
0	now you know why .
0	not sure what is wrong in the box i got .
0	my question is why so many reeds in this box is bad ?
0	should i just buy reeds from local store instead of amazon ?
0	the inside straps are nice .
0	sandwiched between foam , and tightly strapped inside .
0	too much tension , really hard to put on and take off .
0	any reed that sounds like an airplane should be approached with caution .
0	they were not what i was looking for .
0	i need a stick that the band will move on .
0	so guess i ordered the wrong one .
0	i did not see that you have any that the band moves on .
0	thank you for understanding and letting me return them .
0	these reeds seem dead .
0	i ca n't play them .
0	i 've had much better luck with the java red .
0	i play sax and these reeds i do n't like it .
0	very dark and without good sound .
0	not recommendable reeds to buy .
0	have bought this several times , but this time the quality is really bad .
0	g string broke on the 1st day when tuning .
0	all strings have visible defects .
0	we tried 5 reeds from this box and none of them worked well .
0	it 's extreme and can mar the back of the neck or even fingerboard .
0	finctionally it can also throw off the tuning because of the tightness .
0	it 's also huge .
0	for a child or beginner , maybe ok , otherwise not .
0	sound terrible and the rods get bent and frayed super easily .
0	strings came kinked , but straightened out when i strung them up .
0	: ( however , they shipped quickly and i appreciated that .
0	when i attempted it for the seccond try the string snapped .
0	now i have to wait to get a new d string .
0	this does work , but its not a real keyser capo .
0	when it arrived i compared it to my other keyser of the same shape .
0	1. this label is rights reserved , like on the real one .
0	2. there are no grooves or textured handle like on the real keyser .
0	i dislike when being charged for something of a brand u rely on .
0	only to discover its a fake .
0	it dishonest and uses the reputation that took the keyser co. time to build .
0	i 'll buy mine at the guitar store now .
0	ive added a photo , the top is legit .
0	the sound is ok , but one of the strings broke just tunning .
0	broke the e string without much force .
0	decent strings but the g string has a nick/defect about 2/3 down the string .
0	metal came bent just like negative reviews said !
0	what a huge let down !
0	it came damaged , like out of the box broken .
0	the case did n't even shut .
0	the metal seal does n't line up .
0	what an incredible disappointment skb turned out to be , they ship broken products .
0	do yourself a favor and purchase at the store after inspecting it .
0	i have returned mine and am moving on .
0	weak , skb , weak .
0	i returned it and had it replaced .
0	poorly built , and even worse quality control .
0	i would not recommend and will never purchase another skb case .
0	will try a gator case instead .
0	disappointed by this capo .
0	the bar that runs across the strings has become bent for no apparent reason .
0	poorly constructed product , waste of money .
0	-some velvet from inside staying outside .
0	is that appropriate quality of $ 160 case for $ 500 guitar ?
0	guys , where is your quality control department ?
0	i thought when you ordered these you get all four strings bot just one ?
0	a great idea but these sticks are very delicate and break very easily .
0	the bamboo styles are much more durable .
0	i read online that some not so good quality strings do this .
0	in my case , it was torn in several places .
0	instead of amazon sending it back to skb , they sent it to me .
0	it is very cheap !
0	i have a carvin case and it is far superior to this skb .
0	if you buy it , you 'll be sorry .
0	i purchased one of these cases a few years back and it was/is great .
0	this one i purchased expecting to recieve the same durable and well made case .
0	it arrived in damaged packaging and in damaged condition .
0	back to amazon it went .
0	it might be the same bad unit they keep trying to sell to others .
0	the plywood cases are heavy , no doubt , but safety first !
0	the plywood cases will actually protect your beloved guitar .
0	sure enough , i received my case with the gap on the bottom .
0	this case got a 4-star rating so they could n't all be bad .
0	i 'm exchanging this one for a replacement .
0	if the next one is bad , i 'll exchange it again .
0	if that one is bad , i 'll try one more time .
0	if the third one is bad , i 'll try something else .
0	fortunately , i do n't need to use it for traveling until mid march .
0	just in case , any suggestions in the same price range ?
0	shoddy quality control on these cases .
0	now searching for a higher-quality replacement .
0	the packaging is not adequate to protect the high performance travel case ! ? !
0	returned the case and ordered a second time .
0	the case once again came ups and it was damaged again .
0	the case wass bent and did not properly seal when in the closed position .
0	the packaging material is not adequate to protect this heavy duty travel case .
0	how could it survive being checked on a plane , as advertised ?
0	i will look elsewhere for a top quality case to protect my expensive guitars .
0	the bottom on the case does not meet when the case is closed .
0	there was about a half an inch gap .
0	it is some type of molded plastic .
0	i do not know if it was damaged in transit .
0	its as if the plastic or cheap aluminum metal at the edges got warped .
0	the opening it left was about 4mm apart at the widest place .
0	it feels like its definitely going to break off .
0	ignore this warning at your own risk : )
0	there is no such thing as good cheap violin strings .
0	gave it a shot .
0	the handle to this case broke off in a very minor situation .
0	there is no replacement available for this case either .
0	so , you might thinks about buying something else .
0	maybe its an updated version or something but i definitely did n't like it .
0	it was way to big for me and it was bulky .
0	my case did not close properly .
0	this defect is unfortunate , as i really wanted to like this case .
0	because of this issue , i am returning it .
0	it 's been less than 4 months and the case is useless now .
0	problems : 1. the case never closed perfectly .
0	the bottom of the case always had some gap .
0	2. after few airplane trips , the handle broke off .
0	the case itself seems durable enough .
0	wayyyy thicker than the standard hot rods .
0	as loud as 5b sticks .
0	i would prefer the lighter version
0	totally different items ! ! !
0	the lightning rod drumsticks are useless for my purposes .
0	on the positive side , the delivery was amazing ! ! ! ! ..
0	5 days from date of order to delivery in australia .
0	broke after one use , 2 draws of the bow .
0	for the price we were shocked .
0	will not buy from again .
0	this case is not a good value for the money .
0	this kyser does n't open as wide as the earlier models .
0	would not fit my yamaha fs830 .
0	the capo i received has a shallow and short gripping ability .
0	additionally , i found it to be difficult to grasp and open .
0	i threw it in the trash .
0	whether this was oversight or purposeful is beyond me .
0	they sounded okay at first .
0	not my favorite , but not as squeaky as i thought they would be .
0	one of the strings though was very messed up on the ball end .
0	it was frayed and kind of bent .
0	i hated the tone .
0	i ended up purchasing the pirastro tonica 's .
0	i just brought these and my g string broke .
0	i do n't know what to do .
0	i 'm so mad at myself for buying these strings .
0	there is no way we can comfortably use this .
0	these are glorified egg crate foam pieces cut .
0	i imagine production cost for these is around $ 10 .
0	and they charge $ 100 .
0	you do the math .
0	no color coordination at all .
0	i have five outbox 6 functional strings .
0	no i have to purchase another set .
0	these kysers are ok but not really for acoustic so much .
0	it 's not the best science .
0	i am a professional entertainer of stage so this a needed .
0	for basic capo needs ... ... .. it 's great .
0	it says either through-out and does not make it very clear .
0	i just received half what i thought i was going to .
0	auralex just wants to overcharge people for the same equipment .
0	not working at all !
0	i still can hear the noise from next door
0	not buying those again .
0	because of the other ratings about these d'addarios , i purchased them .
0	we were very disappointed .
0	i will pay the price and stick with dominants .
0	i did n't notice any change in my sound quality from using this product .
0	i highly would n't recommend this product .
0	did not meet the expectation of usage .
0	if you have a skinny neck guitar it probably works better .
0	see my other capo reviews .
0	does not absorb sound good ...
0	product is not as pictured .
0	product still works fine .
0	need to update your photos with the correct colors !
0	purchased it for reducing the noise of my office .
0	attached the foams on a wall where the sound came in .
0	it simply did n't work .
0	not working as expected .
0	i 've been playing blues harp for over 30 years .
0	hohner 's customer service is despicable .
0	only an idiot would not realize this in designing this highly touted ms system .
0	forget about special 20 's too , they go bad after just weeks .
0	i 'm switching to lee oscars .
0	do n't even try to contact hohner it is impossible .
0	they continue on their steady decline in quality and service .
0	but their marketing is clever .
0	take my advice , stay away from this company 's third rate products .
0	took forever to arrive .
0	then too difficult for my 13 year old son to use .
0	i am a semi-pro musician .
0	i play a hybrid finger-style using a flat-pick and steel finger picks .
0	dull sounding with a very stiff and unresponsive feel .
0	so much so that it raised the action noticeably .
0	strings were `` dead '' the second i put them on .
0	maybe old ... who knows .
0	went to guitar center , bought the exact same strings and they were fine .
0	i have a gibson b-25-12 .
0	did not have this problem with the previous set of dean markley strings .
0	i assumed there is some sort of standard length for these types of strings .
0	what gives ? ? ?
0	emailed martin -- no response .
0	so yeah i 'm pretty upset about that .
0	do not buy this brand of reed .
0	too much money for them to be wasted so soon !
0	this is not a very good harmonica .
0	these are really thin .
0	we are new to guitar , so maybe that 's obvious to others .
0	too easily bendable , but its works okay
0	i really did n't enjoy them they are to flimsy .
0	i 've actually owed 2 blues harps .
0	i was n't happy with either one .
0	of the available options , this is one of the poorest quality .
0	bottom line : it has a wooden comb and it will warp with use .
0	it has no effect on the sound leaving the instrument into the room .
0	your audience will never hear a wooden comb vs. a plastic comb .
0	the idea that they can is pure mythology -- period .
0	so save your mouth some pain and fatigue and get a special 20 .
0	these are so thin that the pics click a lot .
0	the price you pay for ordering on line .
0	super thin and flimsy .
0	cheapest pieces of crap i ever held .
0	not sure what they made them from but do not buy these .
0	many time with reeds , only about half the box is usable .
0	they worked for what was needed .
0	probably will only by from music stores in future .
0	these are so flimsy and cheap .
0	i guess sometimes you really do get what you pay for .
0	picks were too large .
0	bigger than they appear in photo ... .
0	poor shipping speed , picks are fine
0	consequently i can not recommend this harp .
0	not to crazy i tried them out the guitar sounded twangy
0	starting falling apart the day i got it .
0	not even close to big enough for a 76-note keyboard in width or length .
0	zipper pulls are also very cheaply fastened and come off way too easily .
0	my $ 3000 keyboard would 've been severely damaged if i had dropped it .
0	i am very disappointed .
0	not durable at all .
0	there must be something going on .
0	the boxes were clearly resealed with the same factory sticker as the first one .
0	maybe there 's a conspiracy to keep musicians away from minor key instruments .
0	i 've no idea .
0	the blues harp ms is a solid performer from the middle set .
0	there are just too many better alternatives .
0	- ( ****_ ) sound : excellent .
0	this is the strength of the blues harp .
0	sounds as good as any great harmonica in this price range .
0	- ( ***__ aesthetics ) : perfectly average .
0	looks similar to a marine band .
0	does not have the appeal of a suzuki .
0	the plastic comb protrudes , making it extremely comfortable and smooth to use .
0	the sound is great .
0	the case is more durable than the lee oskar one .
0	all of these are better than the mid-priced harmonicas reviewed above .
0	off the shelf ca n't compare .
0	d is also common .
0	g is often used when playing along with guitar .
0	- ( ****_ ) sound : excellent .
0	this is the strength of the blues harp .
0	sounds as good as any great harmonica in this price range .
0	- ( ***__ aesthetics ) : perfectly average .
0	looks similar to a marine band .
0	does not have the appeal of a suzuki .
0	the plastic comb protrudes , making it extremely comfortable and smooth to use .
0	the sound is great .
0	the case is more durable than the lee oskar one .
0	all of these are better than the mid-priced harmonicas reviewed above .
0	off the shelf ca n't compare .
0	d is also common .
0	g is often used when playing along with guitar .
0	i bought a 3 pack of hohner blues harps .
0	the unit is not dirty , nor was it abused .
0	i disassembled it and checked the reeds and they were clean .
0	it simply does not clamp the strings .
0	their `` adjustable '' setting only makes it looser .
0	i would not buy another kyser capo .
0	nice full mellow sound but break easily .
0	the padding is nice , but that 's about .
0	beyond ridiculous , do not buy this strap or this brand .
0	material very scrarchy and irritating .
0	you need to wear a thick shirt or sweater when wearing this .
0	i did not like the quality of this item .
0	the edging is rough to the touch .
0	anyway i decided to restring my guitar with these strings and what a disappointment .
0	i hope they will mellow into the tone i love .
0	color is not as bright as it appears .
0	seems to be a manufacturing defect so i returned the unit .
0	i do n't have comments on play ability .
0	i was really excited to get such a nice looking guitar strap .
0	it was a russet/orange color .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	very very disappointed and unhappy with this .
0	edges are rough/jagged an uneven .
0	have bought dunlop for years and was sorely disappointed with this product .
0	these picks were too soft , and sometimes made more noise than the strings .
0	not sure what happened .
0	i 'm also concerned about what it would do to frets after prolonged use .
0	i recommend stearing clear from these entirely .
0	thinner than i realized .
0	not great for ukulele ...
0	orange , not red as depicted .
0	these were recommended by an online video instructor by they 're too thin .
0	makes strumming the cords a task .
0	get the orange ones instead .
0	they do n't wear out .
0	i received this hoping it would in fact look tie-died .
0	i was wanting a fun , bright capo , but this let me down .
0	they were too small .
0	makes a clicking sound on strings .
0	might be good for bass.. horrible for guitar .
0	would not buy again .
0	delivery was fast and got product right away .
0	sorry i bought it tho .
0	worst capo i 've ever used
0	had the first one replaced because of broken key holder !
0	other than that its ok not real happy
0	do n't plan on adjusting the tightness of the springs .
0	after replacing them with real nuts ( mine xd ) they work fine .
0	do n't buy this one .
0	when i use it , it always slide and shake .
0	you need to add more pressure to make it hit the bass drum .
0	do n't waste your time or your money .
0	you ca n't adjust them and the heads will hit your shins ... .
0	pedal board broke at the drive hinge after 4 months .
0	true story : you get what you pay for .
0	too thin for any guitar .
0	not the pick for me , too small for me .
0	i bought these after a friend told me about them .
0	he told me they help your speed picking but they are not for me .
0	the shape is odd .
0	completely unusable if you are serious about playing double bass .
0	trust me when i say , it 's not a good pedal at all .
0	do n't let the five star rating say otherwise because they are plain wrong .
0	the pedals are to far back and are non-adjustable .
0	do n't get it , save up and get a mapex .
0	you can not adjust the beaters ' angles ! ! !
0	do not buy this unless you are not a drummer and will never notice .
0	i bought mine at sam ash but it 's the same model .
0	save up a little more , especially if you are new to bass pedals .
0	two strings broke from the same package .
0	sorry , but i ca n't endorse this product .
0	the tension on this capo is way too strong .
0	picks do n't come in multiple gray shades , only one color gray .
0	i was disappointed especially because there are even separate pictures of the different shades .
0	i will not be using them ... waste of money .
0	too small for guitar players .
0	nowhere was i told that they are miniature picks .
0	they looked ok , i just did n't like them being that flexible .
0	unfortunately the last two orders of .38mm pics were all trash .
0	the pics just dissolve away while being used .
0	the black ink on the picks rubs off on your fingers .
0	different in feel , how did that happen !
0	how can you call it a dunlop ?
0	i guess since they both start with d 's ..lol
0	bend to easily make an odd sound
0	i bought these for $ 110 , and i hate them !
0	i am a beginner to double bass playing , and these were cheap .
0	you get what you pay for !
0	no adjustment options other than the springs , which they do a poor job .
0	a little heavier than i wanted but hey there are ok
0	played one of these pedals last night .
0	just too stiff no matter how i adjust it .
0	i have a standard yamaha single which is much smoother than this .
0	you can imagine i was n't overly excited for this
0	did not last one song !
0	this is either fake or they are selling the wrong item ! !
0	our youth pastor/drummer was extremely disappointed as was i !
0	tried them but too flexible for my tastes .
0	if you like a soft pick then you 'll probably like them .
0	i 've used a lot of capos over the years , including kyser capos .
0	generally , i consider kyser an industry standard .
0	there will be no quick capo changes with this bad lad !
0	i 'd recommend an adjustable g7 capo over this one any day .
0	the base strings do n't have enough of base when played .
0	( 80/20 brass ) .
0	this double pedal for bass drum is good as far as feel and quality .
0	these picks are very light .
0	easy to slip and bend very easy .
0	would not recommend for beginners .
0	way to thin to be useful .
0	all i can hear is the clacking of the picks against the strings .
0	not what i expected , ca n't use them
0	i currently use an iron cobra power glide and i love it .
0	very smooth , adjustable , fast , and has a great feel .
0	get the cobra if you have the money .
0	i 'm astounded that this pedal is n't getting horrible reviews .
0	the pedal is barely adjustable .
0	this is extremely obnoxious and it gets painful .
0	this fact alone makes this pedal something that i would never recommend to anyone .
0	not my style for what i play ( rock ) .
0	very frustrating and unprofessional .
0	i always shop around , and read reviews .
0	better for electric guitar but still hard to play fast
0	these .46 mm picks are just way too thin , like paper thin .
0	i do n't know how anybody can play with these .
0	i orders 2 packs and only got one of them .
0	i had to send this back .
0	its a great concept but not well thought out .
0	when you put your mic system in it fits snug with the foam pads .
0	unfortunately it did n't work for me .
0	i 'm a huge fan of gator products too .
0	really do n't like the sound of these strings .
0	how many come in a pack ?
0	very rigid and hard to break in .
0	i like thin picks .
0	it is too stiff and hard .
0	it needs to be a bit softer .
0	broke at the metal pin after 5 months of use .
0	very unhappy with this product and will be sending it back for a refund .
0	happy with the experience of the purchase , just not the product itself .
0	unless your microphones are incredibly short , this will not work .
0	but it was not tall enough for me to use with my band .
0	these cases are the most annoying things ever .
0	i am considering returning them .
0	this is a very good cleaner for 'satin finish ' acoustic guitars .
0	this is not a microphone stand .
0	its not even 7 feet or 7 inches it is more like 3-4 inches
0	as a beginning guitarist , i love these picks .
0	when i lost the pick i looked to amazon to buy the same ones .
0	warning : packaging is terrible .
0	the cardboard box that it arrived in was way too big .
0	padding was not needed for something that is barely 2 inches by 4 inches .
0	the plastic bag supposedly containing the picks was cut open on the side .
0	i paid for 12 picks and got 2 .
0	the strings are great when they actually make it to your mailbox .
0	i wrote that they did n't arrive to both amazon and usps .
0	uninsured means out of luck .
0	i should have just thrown it away .
0	i received a broken string in my package .
0	it was so strange .
0	poor to pick or strum with .
0	at a music store they range from 25 to 40 cents each .
0	the description for this item does not show a quantity .
0	not happy at all ...
0	( i do n't know if that 's the best way to describe them .
0	but these strings went dead and muddy sounding really fast .
0	more than i can handle .
0	they 're gross right now .
0	going back to d'addario .
0	both are fantastic , but the difference goes well beyond the color .
0	this is not the first time this has happened .
0	the whole package of picks was bent .
0	all picks curve the same way .
0	i never paid attention to it until now .
0	fender thin picks in red are completely flat .
0	as a result , if you flip these picks , the feel changes completely .
0	i take care of my set
0	`` textured '' would have been much better .
0	if it was n't so difficult to return it , we would have .
0	we ordered a different 6 string capo which fit my son 's guitar fine .
0	we were extremely disappointed .
0	i still ca n't play my guitar and will look for another brand .
0	it was too small for my shure microphones !
0	but c'mon gator - do something with the front and rear covers .
0	the hard plastic cases where almost have the price of the eva case .
0	was not what was advertised did not hold a receiver .
0	after waiting two months for delivery i received wooden checkers
0	the issue i have been having is with the g-string .
0	be cautious of these strings !
0	picks are a personal thing , and no one pick suits every situation .
0	( i 'm talking about acoustic picking .
0	maybe it 's fine for electric . )
0	good for a pretty look and thats about it .
0	then repeatedly say how beautiful they look .
0	i 'm very thankful for amazon 's return policy and process .
0	returned as soon as i discovered that they do n't fit wireless microphones .
0	too good to be true .
0	my review does not speak to the stubby picks themselves but to the vendor .
0	i had hoped the stubbier width would make it easier to hold .
0	however , they are made of a more rigid plastic .
0	i was unable to produce the rich tones my thirty-five-year-old acoustic guitar can give .
0	alternating up and down strokes was uncomfortable for me too .
0	oh well , my mistake .
0	i am back to using my tama drum key .
0	this is obviously made in china as the quality reflects it .
0	not deep enough for wireless mikes
0	i do n't know why everyone thinks thinks that these are so good .
0	thicker pick = worser playing do not buy
0	does n't open as wide as earlier models .
0	design has changed ... not a fan .
0	this will only fit a standard wired microphone ( sm-58 or others ) .
0	and i 'm not talking cheap lugs .
0	evans , please redesign this to precision .
0	i will buy one if you do ...
0	not much better than cutting up a credit card to make a pick .
0	stick with fender or planet waves .
0	to small to accommodate the cords tot he mics .
0	you will have to carry another bag just for that .
0	i found another case that carry 's everything in one bag .
0	still do n't have one to fit my mikes !
0	they 're not bad picks , just not for me .
0	too soft and `` round '' sounding and feeling .
0	i play mostly hard rock and metal , your mileage may vary .
0	i bought 2 packs of these guitar strings .
0	i have never had such fragile flimsy strings .
0	going to send gibson a message aobut this .
0	high e string broke while replacing and tuning
0	i fell for the same thing .
0	i thought that it was a multi colored pack .
0	way too expensive for what it is .
0	i can get them much cheaper at our local upscale music shop .
0	and it is just one colour not several as shown .
0	they need to change the picture .
0	the case is too small and i will be returning it .
0	the mics can not fit in the bag .
0	we have wireless mics , maybe that 's the problem .
0	wireless mics are much longer .
0	it was an off brand , not the actual kyser capo .
0	it is a chinese knockoff .
0	again , do not buy .
0	i usually get ernie ball and i 'm sticking with ernie ball .
0	got these once , they broke the second time i played .
0	( during a gig )
0	that particular string is constantly out of tune once the capo goes on .
0	have n't had that issue with other capo 's .
0	the picture tricked me !
0	not a fan of this size , quality is good tho
0	had one of them crack in half , but stay intact .
0	it was old and my backup one that i keep in my wallet .
0	are they supposed to be able to break like this ?
0	are n't they nylon ?
0	what should i do now ?
0	thanks dunlop 44p.60 nylon standard , light gray , .60mm , 12/player 's pack
0	and the special had rusty strings .
0	i 've been using these picks in this weight picks for years .
0	wore out entirely my felt beater that i had just bought .
0	buy the clear one from evans .
0	the worst quality ive ever seen .
0	ive bought other ones before for the same price and they lasted me years .
0	these are so flimsy its upsetting
0	just does n't work for me .
0	i 'll need to buy something else .
0	i threw them in the trash .
0	i do not think that this is a `` new '' guitar .
0	but i got it at a good price .
0	so it makes everything kinda okay .
0	wore out after 20 gigs .
0	replaced with remo falam .
0	the capo is a really nice piece and does its job well .
0	this had never happened before or again with any other kind of picks .
0	kept unsticking from my drum kick it did n't have much adhesive
0	what did show up was a 6 pack of small stiff jazz picks .
0	i ordered this as advertised 8.8 x 4 x 0.6 '' .
0	i am now using the hard side of the beater until i replace them .
0	these strings were of horrible quality flat out !
0	! i would not reccomend these strings for sure !
0	i expect some thing bigger .
0	very flimsy but if thats what you 're looking for this is great .
0	i prefer a stiff guitar pic
0	hands down the worst bass drum patch i 've ever owned .
0	now i 'm out 30 bucks for new beaters .
0	get aquarian or remo instead .
0	i actually really dislike these picks .
0	the tone is light night and day compared to these tortex picks .
0	this feels like a dead stick straight out of the box .
0	it 's not like i 'm playing speed metal 7 days a week .
0	not much of a guitar pic .
0	went will cool cat tongue pics and they are much better .
0	the quality of this batch of picks is terrible .
0	it 's like the plastic is thinner and of a different sort .
0	the picks look like they were n't trimmed and finished with care .
0	the sound is compromised .
0	i hope this is a fluke .
0	these are ok , but i prefer snarling dog
0	the capo i ordered does not match the picture , which is pretty frustrating .
0	decent , basic strap .
0	broke in two months .
0	i 'm giving this two stars for good reasons .
0	jim dunlop makes ultex picks which are immensely better than these .
0	i go through one of these per sitting , at times two .
0	not liking these picks .
0	basically my all time favorite picks are the black dunlop nylon 1mm picks .
0	i can use them for playing any style of picking , including bass .
0	i ca n't pick notes worth a s*** on a guitar w/ these .
0	i do n't like them , and i wouldnt recommend these .
0	even my brother who prefers ultra thin picks did n't like them .
0	wish there was a negative 4. this is a beginning kids guitar .
0	if not a beginner spend more get something else
0	that has been frustrating .
0	just wishing i could get the quality of that first one i owned .
0	they still say `` dunlop .60mm '' , but they feel thicker .
0	the ends are vinyl ( pleather ) and will easily tear .
0	not at all what was described .
0	other than that - this pick does sound great .
0	i bought this as my first guitar because of the affordable price .
0	not a good guitar at all .
0	hard to hold , hard to play , lost tone in no time .
0	it 's only saving grace is that it looks nice .
0	i gave it away after very little use .
0	i went and bought an ovation acoustic-electric guitar which is much , much better .
0	these are a good size but do n't have that same flex and feel .
0	ca n't get used to them , just me , maybe others .
0	better than picking with folded paper .
0	this looks nothing like the photograph .
0	this strap broke in less than a month with regular use .
0	ripped with regular use in under 1 month
0	had it for less than a week .
0	unless you hold your guitar up high like the beatles .
0	otherwise it 's an ok strap .
0	i think these are fakes .
0	they do not feel or sound the same as 'same brand ' from store .
0	all i wanted was ... some strings .
0	i would like some new strings .
0	the high e began buzzing a week after i bought it .
0	slowly all the high strings began buzzing .
0	i guess the neck warped .
0	i got pissed off one day and smashed it over my computer desk .
0	it splinter wonderfully and made a heck of a sound .
0	highly recommended if you plan on smashing something .
0	not so much for making music .
0	they are very cheap ang flimzy .
0	they wear down very easy .
0	i know they are not exspencive .
0	do n't buy this guitar , it sucks so badly , trust me
0	no ernie ball logo and likely a chinese counterfeit .
0	this guitar is perfect for starters or someone on a budget .
0	i tried to stick it back down , but it would n't stay put .
0	i will update my review when they contact me .
0	i hope this helps you out in choosing a guitar .
0	does n't last at all .
0	dead spots develop from warping .
0	do not buy unless you want a junker for a camping trip .
0	otherwise it sounds and plays fine for a short while .
0	it does n't have value , just money burned .
0	guitar looks great ! !
0	but it sounds awful .
0	it 's great except the 13th fret on the first string does n't work .
0	so i guess i 'll have to send it back .
0	the leather ends peeled apart the first time i put it on my guitar .
0	i will be returning .
0	the leather is so light i 'm worried it might tear .
0	these do not work with strap locks .
0	holes are too small .
0	this is not the same ernie ball strap i purchased from guitar center .
0	there is no ernie ball logo , as pictured .
0	this is a cheap , made in china , thin , crappy quality strap .
0	the ad also claims the ends are real leather .
0	lastly , the strap itself is prone to twisting .
0	short length , not ernie ball brand , knock off product
0	i used to swear by these guitar straps .
0	the new ones are about a foot shorter at 60 '' max .
0	it even came in an `` cose '' package
0	i will update the review when i receive new strings .
0	this is not an ernie ball polypro guitar strap .
0	it 's a chincy unbranded knock off .
0	very thin material and very short length compared to the genuine ernie ball straps .
0	then you move the pad up against , or away from the drum head .
0	at least it was only twenty bucks .
0	absolutely the first time i 've been dissapointed in anything shipped by amazon .
0	the look of the guitar is good .
0	the arm was bowed and the string were laying on the arm .
0	i had no problems returning this item - in fact , very easy .
0	i did not re-order .
0	i tried to change it but the peg is too tight .
0	i got the tools to remove but its very tight .
0	its been 6 months now and many people tried to help me out .
0	now i do n't know what to do .
0	guitar arrived in perfect condition .
0	however , within a week , the guitar sounded awful .
0	i have ordered several of these in the past .
0	the newest one is junk .
0	thanks amazon for the cheap substitute .
0	i think that the one i receive was not good .
0	it seems to have fully dry by the time i received it .
0	did n't do anything .
0	i 'm going back to finger ease .
0	the leather is cheap , thin , and weak .
0	the webbing on the strap is nice - its comfortable to use .
0	can came open in the box .
0	no cap for the applicator stick and no cloth .
0	super cheap feeling material .
0	very , very light weight .
0	this thing is useless for me because it does not dampen nearly enough .
0	more like extremely little to no dampening .
0	this product is worth about $ 0.20 ( 20 cents ) .
0	evans marketing will backfire with me because i will not buy anything evans again .
0	they really should be embarrassed to sell this eq-pad .
0	the lubricant on the pad was dry on arrival and not usable .
0	had this in a stage custom bass drum .
0	when i pulled it out it took part of the bass drum with it .
0	the pad works but i would n't recommend the adhesive .
0	the piece pulled out was one layer about as long as a pencil .
0	amazon sent me a fake knock off ernie ball strap .
0	not good enough , do n't trust it .
0	do n't buy this .
0	the strap part is ok , but the ends stink .
0	did not work well for us !
0	i got the strap and it looks very nice .
0	but the strap does not fit on my guitar .
0	buying a leather one now and getting some strap locks too .
0	cant be too careful with your investment .
0	hope this helps someone else from having the same experience .
0	will never buy a guitar from this dealer again .
0	the people were not reasonable at all .
0	i like the product but this time it showed up just an empty can .
0	not sure how someone missed that .
0	i received an open , empty can , rather disappointing
0	dried out after a week .
0	kept inside of tin with lid on .
0	maybe i got a dud .
0	likely will not buy again .
0	the applicator was completely dry when it arrived .
0	i returned and ordered a second time .
0	this time it shipped in a bubble-wrap lined yellow mailer .
0	the metal canister 's cap was entirely missing ( ? ! )
0	and the applicator 's tip was broken off of the handle .
0	at least the applicator tip still felt a little wet .
0	i uploaded a photo of what came out of the mailer the second time .
0	i must have the worst luck because there are so many great reviews here .
0	i ordered this item directly from my daughter 's amazon wish list .
0	unfortunately my brother did the same thing and my daughter got 2 of these .
0	she only needs one .
0	i spend aa lot of money on amazon and am very upset about this .
0	a pillow does a better job than this junk ! !
0	does very little.and i could have bought two pillows for the same price .
0	very unsatisfed ! ! ! !
0	evens should have made a better product ! !
0	not a good value .
0	buy a small pillow and some velcro instead .
0	musicians friend will not let me return it .
0	so just remember that .
0	did n't really do much to dampen my sound .
0	i just stuck a pillow over it .
0	i just do n't get why so many people use this capo .
0	in my experience , it is useless .
0	if you enjoy re-tuning continually , then you will probably like this capo .
0	it will save you time and grief .
0	and yes , you can park it on the head when not in use .
0	forget this capo , and invest in the planet waves tri-action cap .
0	did n't fit the guitar .
0	did n't want to risk ripping it
0	this one was a bit short in length .
0	be sure to look up its fit dimension before ordering .
0	not much of a dampening device .
0	it barely fits my 16 '' bass drum .
0	i wanted it to lightly touch both heads , but it does n't reach .
0	pad should be a a little denser/ heavier and 2 '' longer .
0	it 's worth $ 4 in my opinion .
0	evans needs to step it up on this product !
0	it you 're looking for an empty metal canister , this is for you .
0	to replace the fender you have to buy the set worth $ 78 .
0	better not to try it..
0	dry as a bone and not usable .
0	i 'm sticking to dunlop .
0	this is my first bad amazon experience and first bad review .
0	however when i purchased this on amazon the item arrived without a factory seal .
0	fast fret simply does not impress .
0	it actually has a kind of `` sticky '' feel .
0	not like tape , but like a dryness .
0	sounds weird but the product does the opposite of it 's namesake for me .
0	very thin not at all what i expected
0	the nylon feels very uncomfortable .
0	it 's scratchy and unpleasant .
0	do n't use it topless .
0	it 's cheap and easy to use .
0	it 'll do the job , but i do n't like it .
0	uncomfortable and slips from the strap nut .
0	junk fits poorly , feels hard .
0	i practically threw it out after a fee uncomfortable uses
0	put it on once , felt like it was digging into my shoulder .
0	i recently bought a few packs of jazz iiis and i was shocked .
0	they do n't play at all like what i was expecting .
0	what 's up with that ?
0	let 's hope this is just a short-term fluke .
0	you will be better off using a regular pillow to dampen your base drum .
0	picture was very misleading .
0	this thing came in a box full of air wrap .
0	it could have been sent in an envelope .
0	ordered another type of inexpensive strap and was satisfied .
0	i do n't know why i ordered this twice !
0	the 2nd one was dried out when i opened it .
0	i have several kyser capos .
0	different color for each guitar .
0	no one seems to care except me .
0	i hope you have better luck than i did .
0	they are so noisy that they overpower the guitar strings with their clackity-clack noise .
0	dunlop ultex picks sound much better .
0	product was fine , but it took a whole month to have it delivered .
0	the problem with this strap is the holes -- they 're too small .
0	this was a standard size fastener -- nothing gigantic .
0	a complete waste of money .
0	cheap price not very comfortable , was pretty secure thought
0	drops volume too much for passive use .
0	only useful on amplified sources .
0	without ac or dc power , ir is pretty much useless .
0	it is partly my fault in not realizing it did not require any power .
0	even with high gain mics connected to it , the volume/sound is pathetic .
0	i ca n't believe rolls even puts their name on it .
0	i will definitely read the specs much more carefully next time .
0	this is a real piece of crap .
0	do not buy this .
0	so i 've now trashed this .
0	what a waste of 50+ $ ! ! !
0	note its passive not any amplification but the passive actually takes away signal .
0	this product showed up completely dry with no lubricant .
0	the replacement was exactly the same - completely dry .
0	i had to buy a different manufacturers similar product .
0	sounded awful on my guitar .
0	cheep starp end pleather poor craftsmanship
0	there 's barely any juice in these things .
0	buy rock slide for the best or imperial valley ... . i 'm disgusted
0	as others have mentioned , the db loss on this is insane .
0	unfortunately , this was not sufficient enough to accomplish that task .
0	i originally thought the product was broken .
0	check all input/output scenarios and all ended out with power output volume .
0	the build quality is nice but at this point its just a paper weight .
0	do n't bother with it .
0	way too expensive and has many disadvantages over a powered mixer .
0	i was hoping i could get away with one less power cord .
0	however , the signal loss is very significant .
0	it was practically impossible to find a good setting on it .
0	it is a heavy tube .
0	does n't feel comfortable .
0	the spring is too strong for a six string capo .
0	but it is a very useful device .
0	my biggest complaint is that it failed after only 4 months of use .
0	they all plugged in fine and mix well .
0	the individual volume controls are nice too .
0	this made the mixer almost useless for most types of every day use .
0	this mixer just does not handle audio well .
0	this capo is really small .
0	it bareley fit my guitar and it said six string for acoustic basicly .
0	but it did n't have the straight top .
0	but it was wavy not like the picture .
0	wrong product not ordering it again ...
0	this is just another overpriced product meant to rip off the unknowing .
0	this product is simply mineral oil , plain and simple .
0	save your money ! !
0	worst set of strings i can remember .
0	bought these precisely to prevent this .
0	my wooden sticks are still immaculate .
0	from my point of view , this is unacceptable .
0	please advise ! ! !
0	these tor up my hands badly , and are heavy .
0	they also do n't have the feel and response of wood sticks .
0	i would not recommend these to anybody !
0	slipped off the stud at the base of the neck during a performance !
0	i had these about 6 months .
0	granted they did last longer than wood , i had one snap this morning .
0	these will kill your cymbals if you are an intense drummer .
0	so great product but be aware who you purchase from .
0	the product gets 5 stars but brook mays gets 0 out of 5 stars .
0	produced constant feedback with mics .
0	played with these for about 6-9 months , and one broke in half .
0	no offer to replace , nor admitted that there could be a manufacturer defect .
0	btw , still playing with my wood sticks and still playing well !
0	do n't waste your money here ; cheap feel
0	i should 've known better than to purchase something endorsed by lars ulrich .
0	what was i thinking ?
0	these sticks are terribly balanced .
0	not so with these .
0	save your money , buy regular ones .
0	to be clear the threaded portion of the stick broke leaving the stick useless .
0	i was expecting these to last much longer .
0	disappointing to say the least .
0	this stick broke in two pieces with normal usage even with a kid !
0	and they also advice that this stick can not stand rubber pad .
0	its a stick for infant with drum toys !
0	strap was too short my acoustic guitar !
0	this stuff will kill your strings very quickly .
0	i personally do n't prefer dead strings but i know some people do .
0	just not my thing .
0	the leather tore before i even had it on the guitar .
0	i got an ernie ball strap in red for my epiphone sg .
0	seems like a great deal for the price .
0	the ends are real leather , which is the reason i bought it .
0	the slits in the leather fit tautly over the guitar 's strap buttons .
0	remember , if you get a strap , get strap locks !
0	i like the guitar savers rubber locks .
0	-- -- -- - update about a year later .
0	downgraded my rating to 2 stars .
0	for a few more dollars you can get full leather straps .
0	not major , but good suede or leather would n't have done that .
0	strings broke easily after first tune .
0	i ca n't fathom how this is supposed to clean anything .
0	i only got 5 strings ? ? ?
0	i did n't have a problem work the strings .
0	but they showed up a day late .
0	horrible- fell out of strap on floor first day
0	i got the burgundy red .
0	the color is not as pictured , but sort of a dull brown-purple .
0	when i received it , it was almost dried out .
0	the slide ease effect is minimal with d'addario pro-arte ej46 strings .
0	it does n't improve or keep the bright sound of new strings .
0	ca n't recommend these strings at all .
0	okay , this is a wrench for me .
0	i 've been playing and retuning less often than normal , too .
0	great-sounding product , but the least durable violin strings i have ever used .
0	the search for great strings continues .
0	sorry martin , but i cant recommend these to anyone
0	first of all , these picks are way too noisy for a thin pick .
0	these picks are very noisy and slippery for strumming .
0	additionally the tortex logo is a cheap ink print that smear off .
0	the logo can actually be rubbed off completely w/ the thumbs .
0	at least that pick has an embossed logo and knurled texture for added grip .
0	the edges also get sharpened the more they wear out .
0	if you play bass and guitar , i recommend these .
0	i did buy the blue 1mm tortex but they were only aight .
0	the glossy finish glides smother and quieter w/ a nice tone .
0	its a stupid floppy pick w/ a loud flipping sound .
0	i received the bag wrapped w/ a rubber band .
0	some one actually tampered w a sealed product and stole 2 worthless picks .
0	this made me angry , even though they are n't worth that much .
0	idk what happened there , but that 's pretty desperate of them .
0	they offered me half refund , but they never came through .
0	two g strings and one d string .
0	i had the medium tension strings before this with no problems for a year .
0	at 1mm these picks feel too thick and stiff .
0	i 'll say though that the sound they generate is very crisp and bright .
0	they are also very durable .
0	but they 're just no fun to use .
0	celluloid picks are still my favorite .
0	but i have purchased a tortex pick from a band at a concert .
0	so the issue is n't the tortex material itself .
0	i purchased these by mistake !
0	they are too stiff .
0	gave them away to another guitar player in the neighborhood .
0	i know that he likes them
0	played strings one time and the d string came unwound .
0	might have been a factory defect .
0	i 've used these before in the medium gauge and had no problems .
0	i changed the whole set and again the d string broke in half .
0	i never come the product to my hands .
0	i would not expect it to last very long .
0	prolonged use would undoubtedly leave the guitarist with an aching shoulder .
0	overall this is another very disappointing product from ernie ball .
0	ernie ball strings are poorly made and break regularly .
0	the ernie ball wah effect pedal is also mediocre .
0	i will never buy these strings again .
0	these strings were absolutely terrible .
0	these picks tend to break easily and look very dull when first bought .
0	i purchased a set of these strings .
0	i spoke with someone at the shop .
0	i explained my plight and he put me on hold for a few minutes .
0	i am really disappointed .
0	i am disappointed with the stitching done on this case .
0	the 1st string break right after tuning .
0	learning the guitar is expensive and this is one lesson .
0	the odor is bad .
0	so bad i can not take it .
0	change the strings , do n't mess with this junk .
0	its not just the odor .
0	i do not want anything this string close to my eyes .
0	i was hunting for a solution to sweat and sticky .
0	it helped the sticky thing some but created more problems that it helped .
0	no grip to them at all .
0	spend a little more for a better strap .
0	the picture shows a straight finish ( appearance ) .
0	they gave me the wavy appearance of the capo .
0	definitely , i 'll return this product .
0	this picture should be changed so that no other people are fooled .
0	my dunlop picks are much easier to keep gripped .
0	this product is not what it seems .
0	it has a cool name , but that 's about it .
0	it 's a tool oil that stinks .
0	not to mention that getting that crap on my fingers was just nasty .
0	too small , like stuffing a turkey .
0	the bigger ones are much better by a long shot .
0	these are too light to produce a good sound .
0	save your money and by the big ones they 're great !
0	basically , i received a dry cleaning stick .
0	still trying to figure out why this case has so many positive reviews .
0	it seems flimsy and that it would not protect my child 's trumpet .
0	the e string broke the very first turn of the peg !
0	i got these pics about a month after i ordered them .
0	this may be the last kyser i will buy .
0	also , they mess the tuning up on my guitars .
0	i am moving to g7 's for acoustic and planet waves for electric .
0	it did not protect the trumpet .
0	i may as well put a bench vise on my guitar neck .
0	they are worth the extra money .
0	very cheap and hard material .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	ink comes off with just a couple minutes of use .
0	but probably wo n't buy any picks with ink on them in the future .
0	perhaps the ink can be removed with alcohol or mineral spirits ?
0	just not for me .
0	way to bright with a tinnier sound i 'm not liking .
0	i have had two sets shipped to me .
0	both are missing three strings .
0	the strap is not that great for a heavier guitar like a les paul .
0	-sweeping never felt so right ... . !
0	billy expected gloom and what he got was inspiration and a product that worked !
0	-hey guys whats your problem ! ? ?
0	update : just up and died .
0	i have no idea why .
0	nothing bad happened to it .
0	it made it through several gigs and then one day , nothing .
0	it was great while it lasted .
0	this is an essential part of my gig bag now .
0	( correction , see update ) it is solid .
0	well worth the money .
0	this is a no brainer .
0	every gigging musician should have one in their kit .
0	only five in box .
0	said it came with 10
0	one of the strings broke while stringing it .
0	i 'm not a rookie when it comes to stringing banjoes either .
0	so i did not do it incorrectly , yet it still snapped : (
0	the edges of the strap are not smooth and start cutting into the skin .
0	i was a little disappointed b/c the product image was misleading .
0	it appears to be a dozen multi-colored picks , but i received all yellow .
0	two weeks later they still have n't mellowed or broken in .
0	i look forward to trying them .
0	i was very disappointed .
0	the photo advertises a more tealish color with less blue in it .
0	i feel lied to as a customer
0	i first want to say i agree with the good reviews for these picks .
0	quality wise , they are very good .
0	the grip on them is superb and the sound is great .
0	beware the misleading picture !
0	very easy to play , and made the guitar sound fantastic .
0	they sound ok i guess , but i wo n't be using these again .
0	hope that helps someone .
0	these are the worst ! !
0	the ride especially ! !
0	just not comfortable with my heavy epiphone les paul .
0	worst experience ever ! ! ! !
0	i was super stoked with it until one day it just stopped working entirely .
0	i bought this bag a year ago and have used it very little .
0	i still have the tags on it .
0	there are no signs of stress .
0	maybe a weak point in manufacturing ; check yours when you get it .
0	velcrow for handle falls apart after about 3 uses .
0	would n't buy again .
0	wo n't at that point go on the ligature .
0	i need some help .
0	this just is n't right .
0	i 've played alto sax for years and i do n't understand this .
0	ordered this for a new salt water tank installed today .
0	hopefully , the other one i ordered works .
0	this one is being returned .
0	amperage is extremely important !
0	deliver clean power unabated on demand !
0	electricity is like water in a pipe !
0	amperage is how big is the pipe for non restrictive flow !
0	buy a conditioner offering cord replacement !
0	pangea makes a ac 9 cord !
0	this cord provides unrestricted flow !
0	the ligature is the wrong size and does n't fit soprano sized mouthpieces .
0	fine capo , except one huge flaw .
0	the spring used in the capo is insanely strong .
0	i 'm having a hard time to keep ligature shining .
0	metal always turn black .
0	i wonder if there is something wrong with it .
0	i do not recomended to anyone .
0	this could be the worst buying choice i 've ever made !
0	when it finally arrived i was thrilled to get recording .
0	i could no longer record anything on the card .
0	i need to return this product asap .
0	! warning do not buy ! ! ! ! !
0	avoid at all cost .
0	very dissappointed with these strings and will never buy them again .
0	went to rehearsal last night and found the 6th e string was a dud .
0	can not use with more than three ac adapters ( e.g .
0	9 volt `` wall warts '' for effects pedals ) .
0	it is apparent comparing them that vandoren has lowered the quality significantly .
0	the metal is very thin and bends far too easily .
0	it is no better than the yamaha which is a fraction of the cost .
0	i heartily recommend *against* purchasing these strings .
0	immediately after putting these on my guitar , i was _unimpressed_ .
0	to both hands , the strings felt slightly tacky .
0	that was just the first day !
0	i hoped they would improve , but they did not .
0	but still : these lasted less than 2 weeks .
0	for now it 's back to d'addarios ; they are excellent sounding and value .
0	sounded nice , but quite a few snapped on me .
0	do n't last as long as some other brands i have used .
0	it does not come with silver plated cap ... only the silver plated ligature .
0	edit : 3/14/2013 all good things must come to an end .
0	also , kyser capos are made in the usa by americans .
0	; - ) charity starts at home !
0	the string broke at `` bead-end '' , close to the bead .
0	i 'm probably not buying these strings again .
0	i keep my guitar in a nice hard case when its not in use .
0	they sounded good , for the week that they functioned .
0	just a fair warning , if you purchase from shoreline beware !
0	my strings arrived contained in their martin box and within a sealed envelope .
0	when i opened the envelope and removed the box , it was already open .
0	i have ordered strings from amazon before but never again .
0	also cost me more in airfreight to return it than it cost .
0	complete waste of money .
0	made me drop my guitar .
0	became loose after only a couple months .
0	one of the sockets broke the second time i used it .
0	very light weight , not very satisfying feel on the guitar .
0	but it is easy to adjust if that matters to you .
0	does not work right shuts off by itself
0	so i think the description is n't quite accurate .
0	this is not tape .
0	it 's very comfortable material .
0	however , there is no adhesive .
0	it does n't work for me .
0	first , my thumbs started slipping in between the folds .
0	so i flipped the tape around .
0	then it would slip up and down the stick .
0	i 'd have to re-adjust in between every song .
0	so i reinforced it with some electrical tape .
0	still did n't work .
0	i wish it worked but it 's just too risky .
0	i was reading the reviews before i bought this .
0	people are really happy with them .
0	1 ) the process of putting them on .
0	the tape has 2 sides .
0	the paper side kept on sliding off while i was wrapping the stick .
0	it was frustrating and i did not finish putting them on .
0	i flipped the tape over and tried the rubber side down .
0	3 ) materials the rubber side of the tape does not feel that great .
0	if you disregard everything i said , listen to this .
0	i bought my 2nd pair of ahead aluminum sticks .
0	one of the best investments i 've made in my drumming career .
0	on my first pair i used the vater grip tape .
0	maybe i was spoiled by getting a better prodict to begin with .
0	but the fact remains , there is a better product out there .
0	ahead sticks are great !
0	ahead grip tape is not .
0	this had a horrible sound even after being tuned .
0	i usually buy van doren rue lepic 3.5s .
0	i consider that reasonable given the price vs the variability of reed stock .
0	today i received a box of v12 3.5+ reeds to compare .
0	the product is n't expensive per piece but i feel like i got cheated ...
0	would n't stay between strings , returned .
0	it also does n't kill a 60hz hum , if one is present .
0	worst screen protector i have ever seen .
0	would not recommend this product .
0	plus , the sponge dries out very quickly .
0	i just switched to an oasis in case humidifier .
0	very awkward to use , not even sure is does any humidifying .
0	it does not stay in place , slides out or sideways .
0	you should fork over an extra 10 dollars and get a high quality strap .
0	you 'll be glad that you did .
0	a lighter instrument with more neutral balance might like it better .
0	do not buy this .
0	its reallly overpriced for what it is .
0	i have the micro cube also , and it totally blows he pignose away .
0	not evben in the same ball park .
0	ok , that will be their little secret .
0	cheap , but works !
0	i agree with most of the previous comments .
0	it is basically a spring clamp with 2 cylinders .
0	vandoren must be having a lot of trouble with their cane .
0	not one reed in this box was worthy of playing !
0	develops black mold very easily .
0	not healthy for your guitar .
0	get the humidipak two-way system instead .
0	nothing but problems with this one .
0	i swear i 'm not making this up .
0	fell over once and broke completely .
0	up until then it worked great for about 2 months .
0	the ad said it gave a nice clean sound without distortion , also .
0	amp not operable , arrived with what is apparently a wiring short .
0	i owned a pig nose in the1970s.loved it .
0	i bought a pig nose 9volt adapter cord and still cutting out .
0	i waited too long .warranty is only 6 months .
0	i would recommend other amps with a better warranty .
0	this item is poor quality and does n't stay in place .
0	really disappointing coming from promark .
0	if i had the box i would return it .
0	this thing is like a glorified chip clip .
0	it slips off my hi-hat stand pretty easily just from the vibration .
0	get something that clamps .
0	does n't stay clamped very well .
0	it would be better with a screw clamp .
0	this humidifier is not a good design .
0	i have one for my uke , an it works much better .
0	i 'm surprised that d'addario would not sell a better product .
0	worst amazon experience ever .
0	it took three tries before i got one that held up after one use .
0	just as cheap was the customer service from amazon .
0	resolving the issue took six contacts .
0	piece of junk ! ! ! ! !
0	used it for approx .
0	it only says `` contact seller '' which is amazon in this case .
0	would not recommend this product to anyone .
0	of course `` made in china '' ... .figures
0	out of the box does n't work .
0	does n't fit on the stand .
0	you ca n't angle the holders .
0	i do n't even use it anymore .
0	i 'd rather leave my sticks on the ground .
0	this drumstick holder is just ok ... ..not great but not bad .
0	it 's really not strong enough to clamp on and stay on .
0	i plugged it in but none of the power cords plugged into it responded .
0	it looks like it shorted out inside the unit .
0	somebody had a bad day at furman and the proof is on my bench .
0	when i received these reeds , they were n't even v-12 .
0	they were vandoren paris or something .
0	they certainly did not have they same quality .
0	i can not say the same for the distributor of these reeds .
0	whatever kind of reeds these were made my tone quality squeaky and cheap .
0	one more odd doodad to complicate my setup and teardown .
0	my right sock is more convenient !
0	the tubes swivel unless you tighten them with a screwdriver .
0	it goes in and out .
0	god i hate made in china crap .
0	this thing is the epitome of garbage .
0	i guess it was my fault for buying this piece of crap .
0	do yourself a huuuuuge favor and get a practice amp from a different manufacturer .
0	sure am glad i am a prime member .
0	thats $ 100 i will never get back .
0	thanks for nothing amazon , now i got the hassle of a return .
0	well , hey superstar , start with selling a few things that g.d. work !
0	the amplifier arrived well packaged and ahead of the estimated arrival date .
0	i wanted to use the amplifier as a busking amp for my ukulele .
0	will not be buying an ernie ball strap again .
0	check out fender 's $ 10 strap on amazon .
0	that is a good low end strap .
0	durable and i love the fender logo on it .
0	total waste of money .
0	oasis humidifiers are the way to go .
0	this is false advertising .
0	i 've had one of these stick holders for 20 years .
0	part of the clip finally broke off , so i ordered a new one .
0	it is n't worth the price .
0	plus , worst of all , it didnt work ! !
0	at least not on the meter .
0	one of the tabs broke soon after purchase .
0	did n't like to have to loosen strings just to get in in place .
0	there are better products out there .
0	i 'm better off just humidifing the room
0	i 'd send it back but the postage might make it futile .
0	i am going to be tapping this to my hi hat stand .
0	wtf : the cord is like 50 ft. long !
0	does nothing but dries up quickly
0	i realize this is apparently a very popular head .
0	not much better on my drumcraft .
0	but i wo n't buy another of these .
0	these have declined tremendously in the last 10 years .
0	did n't even work .
0	had to send back .
0	i would recommend getting the blackstar amp .
0	bought new broke after few month .
0	the quality is incredibly bad .
0	even the plate that labeled them was upside down .
0	the holes in the plate were actually through the words on the plate .
0	even the box it came in was crap !
0	the box has in big bold letters .
0	`` worlds coolest portadle amp '' .
0	that 's the way it 's spelled on the box not my spelling .
0	i have never been so disappointed in a product .
0	i am going to post photos to the user photos section .
0	i 'm also sending an email to the company .
0	unfortunately , it does n't work and the build quality stinks .
0	i put in 6 brand new aa batteries and nothing .
0	wiggled them around , still nothing .
0	plugged in a new cord .
0	fiddled with the input jack and volume knob .
0	it appeared the serial number had also been replaced with a new sticker .
0	in 1972 these were kick ass little amps ... those were the days .
0	the unit that i received had fatal flaw !
0	it would not work on battteries alone ( as a portable ) .
0	the company did not have an option for a replacement .
0	so i wasted a week time .
0	for me that is too much work .
0	the product itself seems well made .
0	i recommend not wasting time on this unit .
0	photo shows whole drum , did n't realize it 's just the top
0	i was charged state tax and i am in kuwait .
0	have a nice day guys !
0	simply did not work .
0	tried several different sets of batteries .
0	made sure that it was not my guitar cord .
0	but no sound from the amp at all .
0	serious quality control problems , obviously .
0	very disappointed by the whole thing .
0	received two of these that refused to power up at all .
0	reseated the brand new batteries multiple times , tried different chords , etc .
0	i got a pignose for christmas , but it would n't make no sound .
0	so it returned to amazon , so easy !
0	and had another one sent around .
0	the second one , it was a joner .
0	tried other cables and guitars .
0	the second one was a joner .
0	tried other cables and guitars .
0	but it would n't play no tune , so it only gets one star .
0	and , it dries out way too quickly .
0	i have resumed using the `` stone '' type of humidifier .
0	i bought one of these for my grandson for christmas .
0	changed batteries and cords ... and guitars.. just did n't work .
0	so much for timeliness and quality .
0	thank you amazon the less than stellar experience .
0	dries out too quickly .
0	i bought this to use on my epiphone les paul studio .
0	i have never really done modifications to guitars except string changing .
0	i should have known to go for epiphone parts , not gibson .
0	it does not fit on the screw post .
0	kept falling off my bass
0	the sponge is very thin and does n't hold much water .
0	dries out in 1-2 days
0	does n't screw onto the switch on my les paul !
0	it is cream in color , not white .
0	as others have stated , it does n't fit epiphone les paul .
0	do n't waste your money .
0	it just arrived , and it does n't fit .
0	threw it in the garbage .
0	does not screw on to my gibson les paul .
0	do not buy this item .
0	i thought it would screw right on , but it is too big .
0	not sure what 's wrong .
0	it 's also a little smaller in length than the original piece .
0	they will dry out within 24-hours requiring you to re-wet them everyday .
0	trust me , it 's worth the effort .
0	poor build quality on the one i ordered .
0	not a good design .
0	i contacted furman via their website and never heard anything back .
0	it 's very disappointing that they never wrote back .
0	did not fit my epiphone les paul .
0	not really crazy about this thing .
0	do n't see how this tiny little sponge can humidify a guitar .
0	this is a beginners video the very begining .
0	video is graint and audio is barely above mute .
0	bought one , then found out how small the sponge is .
0	imo it 's not worth buying unless you need minimal addition of humidity
0	does n't fit my son 's guitar .
0	not worth the hassle of returning or exchanging .
0	does n't fit my son 's guitar .
0	was bought as a gift .
0	do n't buy in advance !
0	everthing else ordered was a perfect fit on my les paul .
0	second , i am surprised by how fast this thing will dry out .
0	the drum 's sound was terrible , with nasty overtones .
0	i 've had these for years and would have sworn by them .
0	now i swear at them .
0	it 's nice to see that they have come down in price .
0	i 'm going to a $ .30 sponge .
0	invest in another product .
0	worked well for a month .
0	i used it everyday .
0	first time this happened , the guitar slammed into a wall .
0	not too happy about that .
0	last time i 'll buy a cheap strap .
0	this is a hard lesson to learn .
0	all 5 reeds sounded horrible .
0	i had to shave every one .
0	do n't know what happened but tried another brand and had good luck .
0	they 've reduced everything 40 % .
0	this would be a great humidifier ... ..for a doll house guitar .
0	chincy with a capital chince .
0	this new humidifier is a useless toy ! ! ! ! ! ! !
0	! do not buy , if you value your guitar ! ! ! ! !
0	by a plastic travel case made for a bath sized bar of soap .
0	punch or poke a hole/holes in the top .
0	cut to size if nesc , but should fit perfectly .
0	place in case pocket .
0	useless in phoenix , arizona .
0	dries out after a day or two !
0	might work great if you live in a humid climate : )
0	is my house that dry ! ?
0	and i ordered three of them ! !
0	i have to say these suck !
0	in more ways than one .
0	the old ones were better .
0	i have two and they work fine .
0	the new one i bought is cheaply made .
0	it does n't hold as much water and dries out quickly .
0	planet waves should go back to the old model .
0	i bought several of these for my guitars .
0	the sponges are tiny and all of them dried out within a day .
0	planet waves does not have a great reputation for quality humidifier systems .
0	this goes between your 3 and 4 strings , spreading them both way out .
0	this is a really awful design .
0	i mean , really awful .
0	i did n't get anything .
0	having said that , this product does n't work .
0	i was told it is incredibly easy to use .
0	the underlying problem is that it does n't give off much humidity .
0	i re-fill every night , and my guitar began to crack .
0	the same thing happened to my friend with the same product .
0	he kindly pointed me to a functioning one .
0	too hard to play a waste of my money .
0	i am not happy with my purchase , i am dissapointed in quality
0	first time use and this happened not recommended please check photos
0	this rosin is an inferior rosin .
0	we switched to jade rosin , and the difference is dramatic !
0	my daughter has been playing for about a year and a half .
0	we will never switch back !
0	i dropped it and it shattered into pieces low quality
0	this style of tuning key is a lame gimmick that does not work well .
0	it 's cheap but also ineffective .
0	buy a drumdial or a tunebot .
0	this is the second rosin i ordered .
0	the first one arrived cracked , and so did this one .
0	this product arrived dried out and hard as a rock , totally unusable .
0	beware to other buyers !
0	the fit-all designation is not that accurate .
0	overall build is good - i 'm just bitter about the fit .
0	this product is a great product .
0	and his ltd does not fit either .
0	i ended up returning this item for my money back .
0	however , almost does not cover several guitar types , including most gibsons .
0	these costs were not mentioned prior to the purchase .
0	i am really dissatisfied by the treatment of the company .
0	anyone have a picture or video to show me ?
0	my guitar have only a knob at the end of the body
0	it 's not worth it to return it .
0	it was all cracked !
0	do not buy this product !
0	just a paper weight now .
0	wax came and was bad , teacher said to throw it out .
0	way too deep , way too long , way too everything .
0	extremely disappointed with this product .
0	the exterior plastic itself may seem tough but was cracked upon arrival .
0	i would strongly urge anyone considering this guitar case to go to another manufacturer .
0	chips easily into flakes all over the place
0	the rosin was very hard to use .
0	and i got it cracked in some places .
0	but got here i time and does what it needs
0	it contains horrendously awful polystyrene as the support material .
0	those of you who own classic gibson guitars sound off here .
0	what 's the weakest , most broken part of a vintage gibson ?
0	not pleased at all .
0	it came in little tiny pieces .
0	we could n't even use it .
0	had to order something else .
0	it came hard as a rock .
0	as far as i could tell it was unusable .
0	i just got bit by this .
0	guess i should have known by the .55 cent price .
0	there must be a database mixup btw amazon and music123 .
0	same with the .011 `` 6-pack '' .
0	i gave them info and hopefully they 'll get the product description corrected .
0	i bought this drum key and it has n't worked since i bought it .
0	does n't fit my gretsch drums .
0	unfortunately , it just slips around the lug and wo n't grab to tighten .
0	not sure if it 's sn evans thing or a gretsch thing .
0	not a true pass-through .
0	so noisy when turned off its not usable in my chain .
0	i special orderd a boss bf-3 flanger from guitar center .
0	i kept it 2 weeks & took it back .
0	this pedal sucked : extremely metallic sounding & the flanging was not pronounced enough .
0	i then tried a hartman flanger .
0	great effect , just a huge volume bump when tuned on .
0	i dumped the hartman & went for the `` absolute kabala '' of flangers .
0	i went out & bought a real flanger : the ada flanger .
0	it arrived all crumbly .
0	we have not used it yet .
0	had to spend $ 20 and waste time to send it back .
0	anything is better than this .
0	.. yes , it 's cheap but it 's not very good at all .
0	not really the case .
0	but first off , the leather on the straps squeaks on the bolts .
0	lightweight but feels cheap .
0	i wo n't be putting any guitar valued over $ 150 in this thing .
0	the strings did not last more than 2 days each they became unraveled fast .
0	not recommended most of them did not last 30 minutes !
0	other than that the whole `` tension-tuning '' is super gimmicky and inconsistent .
0	it 's absolutely amazing !
0	so does everyone i play for !
0	strings are 2 '' too short .
0	telecaster moves around inside case also the case is way too thick .
0	skb make a much better fit guitar case .
0	was dried out and crumbled .
0	it is all cracked !
0	do not buy this product ! ! ! !
0	it has happened to me over and over again .
0	it is the way they are finished at the ends .
0	they start slipping and detuning and eventually pull out or break .
0	they also break easily if they do n't have the unravelling problem .
0	this will happen one or two times a six-pack .
0	it also happens on regular sets .
0	i wo n't buy ernie balls anymore .
0	i let music123 know and they said that i only bought 1 string .
0	my question to them is what does `` 6 pack '' mean .
0	i guess it 's just buyer beware .
0	do n't waste your time and money .
0	the case is flimsy and poorly made .
0	1. i can almost poke my finger through the `` hard '' outer shell .
0	i do not get that reassurance when i put it in this cheap case .
0	i should have spent the money on the actual gibson hard shell case .
0	would not fit the tuning lugs on my north toms .
0	however the keys are really awful .
0	sticks your bow to the violin and creates a screechy sound .
0	also creates powder , no matter how much was used .
0	i ended up returning this and purchasing the evah pirazzi rosin .
0	no powder and a much cleaner sound .
0	this light rosin is full of cracks .
0	still , i 'm sure they did n't get cracked because of this .
0	someone else that ordered rosin mentioned how it was packed the same way .
0	how long will these hold up before falling completely apart ?
0	also , keep in mind that i have n't used them yet , either .
0	i got them but they were just as badly cracked as the first ones .
0	they were packaged the exact same way as the first set .
0	i suppose i got what i paid for ?
0	i received these and loved them .
0	the feel is amazing and makes drumming so much easier .
0	this makes me very sad because they should last so much longer than this .
0	this thing does not work .
0	still works as a normal drum key though .
0	- currently a percussion major
0	although the graphics look the same it is not the same strap .
0	the stitching was very loose .
0	mine started to unravel after only a couple of days of use .
0	this is definitely not the strap i was expecting .
0	in short , these sticks gave me the worst blisters of my life .
0	ive never bled before by playing drums for literally 1 freaking song .
0	does n't sound like a spring reverb at all imho .
0	no huge surprise there , but it really sucks .
0	i did n't expect much , but it was still an awful let-down .
0	these had the potential to be my favorite pair of sticks .
0	they have great balance and the grip recess is a marvel of control .
0	back off a little and let them float and they just hang in perfectly .
0	they became completely unusable due to the broken tips .
0	i would be happy to try an improved model maybe with nylon tips ?
0	broke in the center after an hour of normal use on an electronic kit .
0	well , i started to notice that the ever click cam sooner and sooner .
0	i requested this as a gift for my esp ltd m-103fm .
0	the guitar is too long for the `` universal '' case .
0	this type easily shatters .
0	it works , but i just do n't like it .
0	leather is thin and cheap .
0	extension but i bought one anyway .
0	the strap is just too short .
0	oh , and by the way the strap is pretty .
0	if you 're absolutely broke , this is an ok strap .
0	it holds the guitar up .
0	but it is pretty seriously ugly unless you 're really going after that look .
0	it is made of the thinnest plastic shell i 've ever seen .
0	its basically a hollow case for a hollow body guitar .
0	gator 's product quality has totally slipped and this thing is proof .
0	just bought a drumdial and hope that it lives up to its reputation !
0	i did find one that fit .
0	i purchased this item from woodwind and brasswind on 11/12/12 .
0	i wo n't be purchasing from the seller again .
0	i bought clarinet reeds , but i got saxophone reeds .
0	they 're just meh .
0	if you just want inexpensive reeds , then go for it .
0	you get what you pay for .
0	junky , budget-line low grade with a nice logo .
0	i decided to return within 10 seconds of looking this over .
0	this case is shockingly inferior .
0	in the real world this wo n't last 6 months without falling apart .
0	made in china , naturally .
0	you do n't rosin your bow in a rut .
0	if you own a student model violin , go for it .
0	i personally think this is an embarrassment to rosins .
0	too sticky and it seems to gum up the strings .
0	it broke easily and quickly .
0	the cheap rosin that came with the bow lasted much longer .
0	does n't really work too well .
0	it will last forever if you do n't drop it .
0	due to the humidity in south florida this rosin was very sticky .
0	maybe if you 're elsewhere it 'll be better .
0	it can make a lousy bow perform
0	i recently traveled across country carrying 2 similar guitars .
0	i was told it was just as good as the fender case .
0	both ended up in checked luggage .
0	the gator will be re-glued and used only for local trips .
0	the skb fenders will be my airline cases from now on .
0	i bought this to put my dean custom 350 electric guitar in .
0	also the case is open inside .
0	i am now in the process / hassle of trying to send it back .
0	two strings tore instantly .
0	teacher said it should have never happend .
0	my son is a very talented viola player .
0	d'addario is the only brand he has every used and he is very disappointed .
0	he played for about one month and the d and a strings are un-winding .
0	the result ; he has to buy new ones .
0	i want my money back or a replacement .
0	i hear a big difference with this rosin from what i am used too .
0	too scratchy and gritty of a sound produced .
0	i would prefer a rosin that could give a smoother glide on the strings .
0	the rosin puts out way to much dust that gets caked on the strings .
0	would not buy this again .
0	salieron de 2 1/2 y no de 3 1/2
0	i have no idea if the rosin is any good because it was unuseable .
0	foam was splitting and separating out of the box .
0	do n't expect any special material , this is really just foam .
0	definitely not worth the price , i 'm going to try a different item .
0	this product is absolutely terrible !
0	when i opened the box almost all the reeds were cracked on the top .
0	unfortunately i received the wrong item .
0	i ordered for a clarinet and instead received for a saxophone .
0	waste of money in my room with hard wood flooring .
0	no audible difference noticed nor when using rew measuring software .
0	and this is the way both studs were right out of the package .
0	but since they go in the body it doesnt show much anyway .
0	playing with vandoren b45 mouthpiece .
0	i have moved position of reeds and everything .
0	i switched to the v21 reeds and they are exceptionally better .
0	second , they 're butt-ugly .
0	its not for me , i 'm staying with vox
0	my son just finished his 2nd year with the clarinet .
0	the price per usable reed is pretty bad with that ratio .
0	i 'm a guitar player .
0	this eb pedal does not work all that well for panning your signal .
0	i would not buy this again for my application .
0	i hope this one keeps working since it was not a cheap pedal .
0	i wish i could find a quality alternative pan pedal , the quest continues .
0	has none of the percussive qualities of the intro model dunlop crybaby .
0	hard to clean off .
0	decent sounding wah , but no on & off switch !
0	if you step on it and move it forward it automatically comes on .
0	if you bring your foot all the way back it turns off .
0	so here are the two main problems with this design .
0	2. ever like to leave the pedal somewhere in the middle ?
0	take your foot off and play for a while ?
0	not on this one .
0	i 'm selling this thing .
0	it does n't do the things that wah pedals have always done !
0	good pedal , but extremely big and heavy .
0	this pedal is big big big .
0	poor quality , i bought a morley and it was much better .
0	the volume is controlled by a string on this .
0	not a whole lot of expression , honestly .
0	consider another pedal for volume .
0	otherwise they 're fine .
0	it barely picks up the acoustic tone coming out of my guitar .
0	maybe i got a defective unit ?
0	none of my other guitars generate this much noise .
0	bought these for an entertainment center woofer being that i have wood floors .
0	opened the box , closed , the box , and sent them back .
0	after using them , you can hardly notice the difference about the the vibration .
0	overall , you do n't need spending so much on this everywhere-can-find foam .
0	try a/bing them with a pair of black yoga blocks also available on amazon .
0	they are made from very similar material .
0	do n't say i never did you a favor .
0	a pair of yoga blocks will also give you three different height options .
0	fishman makes good products .
0	the pickups are clear and good entry-level equipment .
0	( direct quote from the pickup packaging . )
0	the hum makes this nearly worthless to me .
0	i guess the next step is to buy a `` humbucker '' pickup .
0	in retrospect , it 's obvious why they 're named that .
0	auralex is too greedy here .
0	i sent mine back .
0	got lots howling on d string .
0	which i did n't have that until change to this brand new string .
0	i am very frustrated .
0	get a lot of howling on the d and a strings
0	string broke the first time i tuned it
0	returning product and want a full refund .
0	i 'm a street musician .
0	i used this pickup to amplify my steel string acoustic .
0	what 's the deal with this pickup ?
0	what 's to recommend ?
0	a. it works at least for 6 months .
0	it will amplify your guitar .
0	b. it 's easy to install and uninstall .
0	c. you can send the cable directly to your amp without preamplification .
0	what else is the deal with this pickup ?
0	what 's not so great ?
0	a. build quality is so-so .
0	the pickup stopped working after about 6 months .
0	wear and tear may occur quickly with this pickup .
0	b. cable placement is awkward .
0	c. cable feels flimsy .
0	d. lots of hum .
0	e. seymour duncan offers a slightly cheaper pickup of the same style .
0	so far it sounds better than the fishman .
0	should you purchase it ?
0	go for seymour duncan instead .
0	within 1 week , 2 strings have broken already .
0	will not purchase again .
0	i purchased this `` gibson '' brand bridge for my les paul studio faded .
0	which had a defective bridge on it .
0	so a low action without buzz is impossible .
0	and this bridge is really no better .
0	i am guessing gibson stopped notching them to cut costs .
0	very very disappointed , at this point .
0	waiting to hear from amazon
0	i rate this low for two specific reasons .
0	guitar straps are a bit like clothing in that fit is really important .
0	# 3 not a true 3 in stiffness .
0	it is not designed very well .
0	i ordered for my les paul abd it doesnt fit .
0	the spread is too wide and post are different size also .
0	so much for gibson parts .
0	now im stuck with it
0	its too quiet even with a preamp .
0	not a good invesment .
0	search for a better pickup or spend a little bit more .
0	not happy with the product .
0	easy to install its just that its too quite .
0	pa used , fender 700 .
0	these reeds are highly variable in their quality/usability .
0	i will need to keep looking for a more quality-consistent reed manufacturer .
0	i used this product for my live performances with a martin d-15 acoustic guitar .
0	i did not have any problems with the quality of the sound .
0	but it stopped working one fine day .
0	i did n't think this would be a problem , but it is .
0	apparently the pickup is designed to have the low e only one way .
0	so i have to return it .
0	so other buyers who have similar issues need to look elsewhere .
0	but - i did try it on a normal guitar and it worked great .
0	so if you have one of these , it 's 4 star .
0	broke after playing for 5 minutes .
0	was n't even playing hard .
0	not worth the money .
0	we ordered these sticks for my son to use during band camp .
0	his instructor told them they needed the white ones .
0	the picture on the website showed white sticks .
0	the ones we received were wood grain , not white .
0	we did n't have time to send them back before band camp .
0	i wo n't ever buy this brand again .
0	they fall apart so easily .
0	did me no good .
0	i will stick to rico reeds .
0	unfortunately i never got to play because the a string snapped while tunning !
0	sad to say i was wrong .
0	i am not a professional cellist , i 'm only learning as a hobby .
0	so i ca n't say the string has been `` overplayed '' .
0	i should have probably just gotten the cheaper nickel-wound , it might last longer .
0	this mic made me look bad several times while djing .
0	lots of noise and no on and off switch .
0	do n't use this in aloud environment .
0	the feedback is horrible .
0	they look so small i feel like they not be of quality i desired .
0	may i know please , why they are so small ?
0	i thought they were regular size micros .
0	it is to tight to stay in tune .
0	i will need a medium gage a string .
0	the string broke within 5 minutes .
0	that was the life span of the product .
0	never got to use the string because it snapped when putting it in !
0	i am afraid its a case of get what you pay for
0	not all that for it to be a shure brand !
0	quality and sound were awful for the price
0	my daughter could not use these reeds .
0	she could not play clarinet properly .
0	they also broke easily .
0	we went through 10 in one week .
0	i ordered this product expecting wonderful things to happen .
0	i think it 's overpriced for what little it does .
0	neither one of us were very impressed with it .
0	pin of hinge easly came out , and can not hold the reed tight .
0	and no good for open/close .
0	one thing more the price is high compare with product it self .
0	i do n't like it and it look like toy
0	vandoren must be having a ton of trouble with their cane supply .
0	even their traditional reeds are sounding like saw dust .
0	i bought these twice and had them replaced twice .
0	the evans dot drum head is much better .
0	i bought this head after reading that it is especially for hard rock players .
0	that may be , but for my taste it sounds like crap .
0	i am using a pearl steel snare drum .
0	do not buy this head if you want any degree of crispiness !
0	this mic does no even compare to my peavey mic .
0	it was cheap enough so i did not even bother sending it back .
0	shure is normally a good mic , maybe it is just a cheaper model .
0	but , it works .
0	wish i 'd have gotten something a little nicer though .
0	they break easily and upon that , they are not consistent in the least .
0	i wish all the luck with finding the reeds for you !
0	is not a drum , just a plastic snare head , misleading
0	daughter did n't like the quality and sound of these reeds .
0	we will be going back to another brand .
0	for me this box had an extremely high noise floor .
0	so i sent it back .
0	if you are international buyer you will buy this item at your own risk .
0	i do like a lot of the boss pedals but not this one .
0	rad sounding pedal but poor internal quality .
0	it went bad after one year on my pedal board .
0	it was protected with `` pedal power '' but just stopped working .
0	i sincerely expected a $ 170 pedal to last longer than one year .
0	i swear by these picks .
0	few shops ( including guitar center ) carry these gauges in this shape .
0	the only gauge i play is the 1.00mm .
0	i 'll keep playing claytons , but i ca n't play with these .
0	bought it for my son .
0	bad quality compared to store bought .
0	the reeds ' quality is not that great .
0	so far 2-3 reeds were damage when we opened the package .
0	honestly i should have just stuck with moongel 's .
0	on the plus side they can be adjusted some what .
0	i use them on the resonant heads .
0	i recommend getting some damper pads instead .
0	other than that , i would not waste my money on the product !
0	they look cool , but break very easily .
0	i go through 1-2 every gig or practice .
0	id suggest something sturdier if you play with any power at all
0	that black part starts peeling off after about 15 minutes .
0	works well for the first couple of days then it begins to fall off .
0	it 's the first time i have been disappointed by an evans product .
0	nice to look at not to use !
0	leaves black marks on the drums that is very hard to het off !
0	if u like the black stick look go with clear or uncolored tips !
0	you live u learn !
0	sorry , but the moongel gave me best results .
0	these were straight up bad .
0	not what i expected .
0	stick with the control rings , moon gel or good ole ' duck tape .
0	bought this product for my son 's 11th birthday .
0	arrived with mottled patina ; the hour hand was swinging loosely .
0	can not be polished without removing zildjian stencil .
0	zildjian should pull this from the shelves before it taints their name .
0	deserves zero star rating , but amazon wo n't let me do that .
0	just an average drumstick , but the black paint stains the hands .
0	ok ... ..but heavy .
0	they do n't work well at all .
0	bought two pairs and both broke within a couple of weeks
0	we 've never experienced this with locally purchased reeds .
0	i have been buying these reeds for my daughter for the last 3 years .
0	vandoren should look into this .
0	i am left buying a new set within a month .
0	will vandoren bother with sending replacements to customers who got junk ?
0	logo and paint come off right away .
0	fingers are black from paint after 1st hour of use
0	it showed up and it was a plain black strap , no bolt .
0	very annoying because i paid more for the design .
0	i bought this thing and it was a complete let down .
0	shoddy quality and crappy looking lightning bolt .
0	sent it straight back .
0	looks great , but does not work .
0	put a battery in and nothing happened !
0	so , i recieved these yesterday , ordered 2 pairs .
0	wood is too soft .
0	should 've looked before buying .
0	broke after 3 practices .
0	i loved the grips , but the wood was just too weak .
0	this strap is what you pay for .
0	it is cheaply made and will not last the rigors of stage .
0	strap is not for pro use .
0	would not recommend for stage use unless you want a busted guitar neck .
0	i purchased two pair and each pair broke on the first use .
0	loved the style and the gibson logo but the parts on it are plastic .
0	had to send it back for that reason .
0	this bolt is not woven - its just a kind of cheap paint .
0	only 2 out of this box were functional .
0	the others were split or warped .
0	this is the last box of these i will be purchasing .
0	i loved my first pair ( purchased elsewhere ) .
0	these sticks felt awkward and cheap .
0	made in china , over all lacking craftsmanship .
0	never got to play it
0	this amp sounds absolutely terrible with a bass .
0	even at low volumes the farty buzz is overwhelming and extremely unpleasant .
0	amazon took care of return in a matter of minutes..hats off to them..tks again
0	today i received an email showing that the new estimated delivery is july 11th !
0	and my invoice magically changed to $ 322 !
0	so much for `` no additional cost '' .
0	i wanted to replace a broken knob on a les paul gibson guitar .
0	the knobs on my guitar and in the photo have a rounded center post .
0	the knobs i got have a flat center post .
0	they work but do n't match the other three on the guitar .
0	oh well , i tried .
0	why call these nylon ? ?
0	i thought they were `` plastic '' as in , nylon .
0	these are not the same thing .
0	deceptive description for sure ...
0	these are nylon tipped sticks , not nylon sticks - please change your description .
0	the packaging left a sticky residue on one of the sticks .
0	nevertheless , the prime shipping helped me out in a bind .
0	they 're just drumsticks , and you can surely play with them .
0	i question the quality of the brush .
0	seems like an abnormal number of hairs shed each time i use it .
0	now that there are multiple alternative offerings , we 'll be changing to those .
0	very cheaply made , fimsy .
0	wrong color , i put them in the parts drawer .
0	broke after 2 practice sessions of use .
0	it freakin broke a week in .
0	i loved the sound but not strong at all
0	i ended up buying the comparable mxr dist/d.i .
0	sharp edges , feel cheap , horrible fit .
0	even with gibson name on it .
0	so gibson part on gibson guitar , no go .
0	edit : i take back what i said .
0	half the reeds do n't work .
0	they chip easily and i had to constantly buy more .
0	did n't expect it to get here so quickly .
0	these sticks split then broke within a few days of playing with them .
0	first bad experience with zildjian sticks .
0	these sticks broke fairly easy and leaves black marks all over your cymbals .
0	probably wo n't be buying these again ever
0	says the numbers are white and embossed .
0	packaging is different as well as the knobs themselves .
0	this looks like a pro mic , but it 's not .
0	i guess the price should have given me a clue , huh ?
0	the problem never corrected itself and we deemed the box defective .
0	he is in process of returning the item to the music store .
0	it had its use to mic a guitar , but still , fairly crispy .
0	glad it was just a run through !
0	i have never had such serious vibration in a stick before .
0	i wo n't use them again .
0	i bought this book for a college level music theory class .
0	not worth the money .
0	it looks like paint chipped away but it is supposed to be brand new .
0	these are fine i suppose .
0	i liked the page-like gold-foil topped ones better .
0	the gold on these appear too `` golden '' for the guitar tho .
0	plastic is not very sturdy .
0	two knobs chipped upon installation .
0	would be better if they had metal inserts to reinforce .
0	the spider cage was not threaded to mount on a stand .
0	did not work with my sons computer .
0	i expected a lot more of zildjian .
0	i feel like i threw away money and my son was very disappointed .
0	i 'll never consider using them .
0	i have been playing with promark drumsticks for about 15yrs .
0	i opened the box and noticed the sticks looked funny .
0	i ordered four pairs of sticks and one stick is cracked half way through .
0	i do n't believe these are true promark sticks but actually fakes .
0	they play fast but i never felt comfortable with them .
0	thirdly the hickory seemed 'softer ' than vic firth 's .
1	the book reads like a storybook in paragraph form .
1	the book has both a contents page and an index for easy referral .
1	i especially liked the fact that an index was included .
1	so many crochet books do not include this .
1	the index makes it very easy to find information on a particular topic quickly .
1	the recommendations for people just learning to crochet are fantastic .
1	i learned with a b-1 hook and a fingering weight yarn .
1	i always appreciate having a teacher with a sense of humor !
1	i thoroughly enjoyed it and learned a few things as well .
1	i would highly recommend this book to anyone interested in the art of crochet .
1	easy to understand and a prompt service too
1	my girlfriend use quite often
1	love the dummies series .
1	just started reading it .
1	love the charts & cautions .
1	this is a very helpful book .
1	excellent training book for beginners !
1	excellent book glad it was available for purchase on amazon
1	i have been crocheting for years and wanted a reference manual .
1	it is good for that .
1	it would be a good book for someone beginning to crochet too .
1	great for beginners and to have around as a reference refresher
1	it teaches you the basic stitches and how to follow a patterns .
1	it 's nice to be able to make handmade gifts for friends and family .
1	bought this for my wife and she is very pleased with it .
1	these is my second one .
1	it just easy and understandable pattern instruction .
1	it is also written in plain english .
1	still ca n't crochet to save my life
1	great way to learn to crocheting
1	this book was a gift for my wife .
1	bought it to replace one i gave to a person new to crocheting .
1	it 's been a great help to me
1	although i have crocheted for years .
1	i fine something new and a better way in this book .
1	is helping me with new stitches and old ones .
1	i learned a lot , was easy to understand .
1	many drawings and a hand full of photos in the center of the book .
1	an extra plus is that photo on the front of amy poehler .
1	have been crocheting for years , self-taught .
1	very easy to understand and implement .
1	easy patterns to follow .
1	this book did help me get started again and is easy to follow .
1	it is nice that it also has patterns you can make .
1	great book i just wish the pics were more in color
1	i got this for a friend of mine who 's fairly new to crocheting .
1	i tried but i am better at knitting
1	helpful when you do n't know anything about crocheting .
1	still using to hopefully learn all the different stitches .
1	great book for beginners .
1	great book for a new beginner .
1	must have in your collection of crocheting books .
1	still learning but having fun doing it
1	it was a gift for my sister-in-law who has just started crocheting .
1	she is sharing the book with many others who are just learning .
1	easy to use and follow .
1	easy to understand instructions with good illustrations
1	as a beginner i found this book to be very helpful .
1	i found out mistakes i was making and how to read patterns .
1	had a lot of helpful hints .
1	this is a great book for any level of crocheting
1	has plenty of instructions for beginners as well as others .
1	has a lot of information i had never seen before .
1	great book to help you get started !
1	this book had much more patience with me than my former teachers .
1	i did n't even mind it calling me a dummy !
1	the instructions are clear and very easy for dummies to understand .
1	that is another positive aspect of this book .
1	just what i needed to spell out the little things i forgot about crochet .
1	very fun and informative too .
1	bought it used and was is good condition .
1	this book has helped me .
1	plus it has other stitch i need to learn .
1	i lke very much the book help me a lot .
1	was fast the delivered i am very happy with that
1	this helped a lot .
1	i am left hand , so i wish it showed more left handed moves .
1	i 've previously tried to teach myself to crochet and was unsuccessful .
1	the book goes over basic stitches with instructions and pictures .
1	i read the part 1 without completing any of the practice stitches .
1	then moved on to chapter 6 and began the sassy scarf project .
1	i did n't worry too much about being perfect the first time .
1	after completing the scarf project , i moved on to the bucket hat project .
1	then i found some patterns online .
1	love these books very easy instructions
1	it comes in very handy when i forget how to do something .
1	it 's a great reference !
1	i love this book .
1	if you 're just learning to crochet , crocheting for dummies is a must-have .
1	just what i was looking for .
1	it had other interesting things to learn also and even patterns fir beginners .
1	a very good reference book .
1	this book exceeded my expectations .
1	i would buy `` used '' again .
1	so very helpful for a non crafty pearson
1	i took this out of the library first and enjoyed reading it .
1	it was very helpful .
1	lots of items i ca n't wait to start !
1	helps you from step on !
1	you 'll love it !
1	i learned a lot more from this book .
1	enjoyed the instructions as they were easy to understand .
1	would recommend it to anyone .
1	this has clear , concise instructions and wonderful tips .
1	the photos are precise and i love following the patterns .
1	i really enjoyed this book .
1	it has been a while since i have done any crocheting .
1	it looks perfect for my refresher course .
1	a lot of detail in a small book .
1	helped to learn new techniques in a short time .
1	great instructions for someone learning how to crocheting .
1	i choose this book because knitting for dummies was very helpful .
1	i was not disappointed .
1	i am crocheting a blanket for my son as we speak .
1	this book really breaks it down for me .
1	i really feel like i 'm gaining some headway with crochet .
1	i thought i 'd have to take a class , but not so !
1	this book will show you everything you need to know .
1	would recomend to have on hand for new patterns too .
1	really makes learning crochet very easy .
1	good diagrams and explains patterns in easy to understand instructions .
1	this book was very informative and i liked how detailed the illustrations are .
1	it was nice learning all kinds of stitches !
1	diagrams are worth a 1,000 words .
1	easy to read and understand .
1	great way to teach yourself what you need to know to begin crocheting .
1	the pictures included also help guide you along with the stitches .
1	i really enjoy the books for dummies .
1	crochet for dummies is no exception !
1	it takes about 1 minute and 'voila !
1	a book for everything !
1	keep up the good work amazon !
1	gave it as a gift and she was thrilled .
1	i recommend this book highly .
1	i found out i was actually making some really basic mistakes .
1	if you know nothing about crochet , this book is for you .
1	highly recommend the book .
1	it was my mistake not to get a paper back book .
1	this book is helping me understand crocheting .
1	so glad i bought this book .
1	recommended to those that are dummies
1	i did share it with my sister .
1	this product helped me to learn how to crotchety .
1	it is easy to read and understand .
1	this is a great book .
1	i am pleased with the book .
1	there are places i would get confused but overall it helped .
1	good reference guide as well .
1	love the book and would recommend it to anyone wanting to learn to crochet .
1	easy to read and great pictures !
1	perfect for someone just learning to crochet .
1	it explains how to make a stitch in a very simple , doable way .
1	i 'll be a pro in no time .
1	my wife was trying to get a better handle on a particular crochet technique .
1	this book gave the best illustrations and descriptions of the several books she tried .
1	it got 5 stars because it was better than 5 other books .
1	this book will allow me to learn this craft with a minimum of frustration .
1	i am delighted with the ease of learning with this great tool .
1	would recommend this to really anyone who crochets .
1	it is well written and the instructions are easy to read and understand .
1	i believe i will really use this book and enjoy it .
1	the pictures displaying how to do each stitch is perfectly illustrated .
1	great for anyone who needs a review in basic stitches .
1	it also provides graphic directions for more advanced stitches .
1	this book has it all .
1	all things needed to begin crocheting were gone over and fully explained .
1	after reading this book , you should be able to get underway !
1	i would recommend this book for beginners and novices .
1	i purchased these 2 books for my daughter and great niece .
1	i love 2 crochet ! ! !
1	this is what i was looking for .
1	i got this book right after and taught myself everything else .
1	the book contains information for the beginner and the advanced and everything in between .
1	for me the hardest part of crochet is interpreting the pattern .
1	there are several patterns in the book .
1	i plan to keep mine handy and refer to it often .
1	-- valerie lull , author , ten healthy teas
1	ordered to book because i want to learn more of the stitches .
1	did not realize there were patterns in it .
1	needless to say the book met all expectations .
1	i have been crocheting for 50 years .
1	when i bought this book i liked the patterns and the format .
1	i even learned a few new tips .
1	this book helps me alot .
1	i need alot of help on knitting .
1	now i still need learning .
1	helped to teach me crochet .
1	learned crocheting in the round from this book .
1	recommend this book to any new crocheters
1	the content includes just about anything you may want to know .
1	sadly this large print version is out of print which is a shame .
1	used it quite a bit when taking lessons .
1	would recommend it for the beginner and will use it again in the future
1	yes , it is truly a must have for all who crochet .
1	i have always found the `` for dummies '' books helpful .
1	i bought a copy for myself and for my sister-in-law .
1	she and i are both left handed and the illustrations make things much easier .
1	this was also ordered and mailed to same granddaughter .
1	she has received it and says it is an awsome book .
1	i was mostly interested in learning rounds .
1	this book has been such an excellent help .
1	i highly recommend this book to take your crocheting to the next level !
1	got the book fast and realy like that it is easy to understand .
1	bought one for my grand-daughter who really got into crocheting this past summer .
1	great book and arrived quickly !
1	the book was exactly as described in the description .
1	thanks so much for your excellent service !
1	a great book to have .
1	the style in which they are written is always the same .
1	i am considering opening an etsy shop now and crochet all the time .
1	very descriptive and helpful !
1	is n't confusing like most others i 've tried using .
1	i would recommend this book to anyone begining to crochet !
1	i do n't regret it at all .
1	i refer back to it all the time .
1	i would recomend this for anyone from beginers to advance crochers .
1	great book for novices and those who thought they knew how to crochet .
1	i really love this book !
1	i keep it close just in case i need to look something up .
1	very helpful and easy to read .
1	i recommend it to all !
1	enjoyed the pictures best , made it easier to understand .
1	i had given a copy of this book to my d.i.l .
1	and then decided i 'd like one for myself .
1	thanks again , amazing amazon .
1	arrived on time , perfect condition .
1	will be awhile before i need the advanced instructions tho !
1	when this book was received pages were coming away from the binding .
1	i contacted amazon and they remedied the situation to my satisfaction .
1	i think this book is really helpful .
1	i would recommend this book .
1	a great learning tool .
1	i warmly recommend this book .
1	it covers all you need to know about crocheting , stitches tips and pattern .
1	you 'll learn to crochet any wearable clothing you need to have .
1	i love this book .
1	pattern in this book is everything from dishcloth to a nice sweater
1	i feel like i am finally getting crochet !
1	not too much is devoted to that topic .
1	item received in a timely manner and in new condition .
1	the book itself is extremely helpful , even for a seasoned crocheter .
1	this book also has some nice patterns i 'd like to try .
1	i love the `` dummies '' books anyway .
1	they 're well-written and easy to understand .
1	hello amazon.com from bud french this dummie book made me a non dummie .
1	i ' v made 4 pot holders an geting better .
1	this is a really nice book when learning to crochet .
1	instructions are clearly written and easy to follow .
1	ordering on line and the good price made it even better .
1	item was sent on time and in perfect condition as promised .
1	i would purchase from seller anytime in the future .
1	i crocheted as a kid , but had forgotten the stitches .
1	was looking for a good reference to show , and explain , the steps .
1	i do n't live near any groups to join and get help !
1	this book is a must have for beginners and veteran hookers alike .
1	everything you need to know is in there !
1	the drawings are spot on !
1	i also have `` knitting for dummies '' , it 's equally good .
1	i have been crocheting a long time .
1	i am not a beginner but not advanced by any means .
1	this book helps the beginner as well as more advanced .
1	it shows how to crochet from the very beginning with pictures that explain well .
1	it also has several projects you can try .
1	i enjoy the entire dummy series .
1	the authors speak in clear illustrations for the novice .
1	of course , i 'm sure it is good for right handers , too !
1	book very useful and well illustrated .
1	here 's to crocheting !
1	how great that i can always trust that amazon stands for quality .
1	this is my first experience at crocheting so i needed something very basic .
1	this fit the bill .
1	this is a great book for beginners .
1	maybe some experts can pick up a few pointers too .
1	this book is a great source for every level of experience .
1	i 'm a beginner and it was recommended to me .
1	i love the easy step by step instructions and the visual pictures are great .
1	i can see at a glace how a stitch should look .
1	i love it ! !
1	came new and quickly as promised .
1	i would do business again with this seller .
1	i am a knitter and wanted to take up a new craft .
1	this book came to me in wonderful shape and is extremly helpful .
1	would order from this seller again
1	i thought this was a very good book to learn from .
1	if you are one go for it ! !
1	a very user friendly book .
1	a great value for the price .
1	this is the best beginner book on the subject of crochet that i own .
1	they give straightforward instructions and illustrations to help !
1	i will definatley recomend this to friends .
1	anyone wanting to learn to crochet will truly enjoy this book .
1	this is a must for your stitching library .
1	what do you say honey , a few more hours of crocheting this evening ?
1	i decided i wanted to learn to crochet .
1	this was ( and continues to be ) an excellent resource .
1	there are sections pertaining to pattern reading .
1	this book was that help i needed !
1	it shows every stitch and step in great detail with diagrams to help .
1	it also goes into some of the more advanced techniques , including tunisian crochet .
1	i really recommend this book for all crocheters .
1	everyone could probably learn something new from it .
1	therefore , i ca n't really comment on the projects .
1	it is more of an instructional book .
1	i bought this book to help me to become a better crocheter .
1	this book was great for that .
1	never heard of it !
1	could n't find it !
1	) , but the guage that they give in the pattern is weird .
1	i had to calculate ratios in order to choose an appropriate yarn !
1	i am much more confident reading patterns and trying out new stitches now .
1	i would definitely recommend this book .
1	jazz is very much a living , oral tradition .
1	what an amazing book !
1	all of these artists bring such vital and unique music to the world .
1	there is a thread that runs throughout all of these artists .
1	they have humility , drive , and an almost selfless commitment to their craft .
1	billy hart 's conversation was very touching and humble .
1	every chapter has taught me something about my own musical development .
1	i hesitated at first , but nabbed the kit on a lightning deal .
1	the cd and dvd are easy to follow along with .
1	she loved it , wo n't stop playing
1	i decided that i wanted to learn to play the ukulele .
1	it 's certainly not the best ukulele but you get what you pay for .
1	it is a very nice instrument for the price and seems well-made .
1	she 's been enjoying it for months now .
1	bought last christmas for my grandson .
1	great gift for a 10 year old who wants to learn .
1	the sound is great and the book is easy to understand .
1	it 's good for beginners
1	a little harder than i thought it would be .
1	my 13 year daughter received this for christmas .
1	i wish the instructions where a tad bit easier to follow .
1	other wise no complaints great buy !
1	this is a nice little ukulele !
1	i assume this is the fault of the strings more than the ukelele .
1	either way , it now holds its tune with no problem .
1	i got this kit in 2013 before it was remodeled with dvds .
1	mine happened to shipped without the book .
1	alfred 's was so good to us .
1	he was , and still is , very impressed by them .
1	play every day to get the strings stretched as quickly as possible .
1	this uke is simply a cheap wood laminate or veneer .
1	yes : i like the uke for kids .
1	and this uke being laminate is fairly sturdy .
1	is this the cheapest of the cheap ?
1	was n't then , is n't now .
1	it 's also not student or professional level either .
1	those are way more $ $ $ .
1	you 'll have a way better instrument that you 'll be happier with longer .
1	if you ca n't though ... budget instruments exist for a reason .
1	i 'm looking into acoustic electrics and solid wood ukes now .
1	my 16-year-old loves this and taught himself to play .
1	basic starter ukulele , works just fine !
1	5 stars for this set .
1	learned playing the instrument after only 3 hours .
1	i bought this as a uke for my sister 's wedding .
1	i was worried about buying a musical instrument that i had never touched before .
1	this one delivered and the quality is exactly what i expected .
1	keep tuning and playing and you will enjoy it .
1	we also used it for the guest list at the wedding .
1	i recommend this starter ukulele kit .
1	i has everything you need to learn the ukulele .
1	great ukulele but i ca n't tell if it 's real wood
1	great for the price , has a hard time staying in-tune .
1	my daughter learned to play the ukulele very quickly .
1	the lessons are easy to read and allow you to go at your pace .
1	the ukulele was adequate for her to learn .
1	i wanted it soon , and it was on primenow .
1	i bought a tuner and a simpler instructional booklet .
1	my other instructional booklet has also helped me more .
1	i have n't tried the dvds yet , though .
1	the gig bag is a giant joke .
1	if that 's what 's pulling you towards this kit , turn around !
1	this is a good starter package .
1	the bag is not padded but still good to have .
1	i ordered the guitar for my granddaughter for christmas .
1	she was delighted and so were we .
1	she has already had three lessons and has done great .
1	a `` gig bag '' is included .
1	not very protective , but it 'll keep the dust off .
1	overall , a nice value for the money , and suits its purpose well .
1	great product , now both my grandson 's can play .
1	it 's just perfect !
1	g'daughter received this for christmas present last year and plays if often .
1	it was a good package deal and was worth the price
1	my daughter loves it !
1	great for a beginner .
1	book is helpful and pretty straight forward .
1	the two year old boy loves it !
1	this is a good sturdy ukulele , and the book is easy to follow .
1	great for a beginner !
1	perfect starter for my 9 year old .
1	going to buy another one for myself so i can learn with my son .
1	the included instructional dvd is a bonus and helpful !
1	very easy to follow and lots of fun
1	i 'm writing this nearly four years later .
1	then it was tuning daily .
1	after a few weeks of this , the uke held a tune great .
1	the `` firebrand '' ukulele is a laminated instrument of unknown wood .
1	it 's kind of dead-sounding .
1	they make fine adjustments quite smoothly , and hold well over time .
1	they were all , however , finished to a much higher standard .
1	i left empty-handed , but will probably get a better uke sometime soon .
1	it promptly went into the giveaway pile .
1	we have n't watched the dvds , because the book has been great .
1	so it 's not the c am f g combo very common on youtube .
1	update : i changed the strings to the aquila nylgut aq-4 set .
1	it 's really very good !
1	nice product for the price .
1	excellent deal for the set !
1	it has everything that my good niece needs .
1	thanks for the unequaled service !
1	my wife just loves it
1	fun , functional starter .
1	just what i ordered .
1	gave this to my 11 year old grandson and he loves it .
1	a full kit with everything you need to begin at a good price .
1	my 15 year old granddaughter loves this ukulele .
1	and learned to play it in no time at all .
1	exactly as advertised and prompt delivery .
1	very happy with this purchase ,
1	having fun learning to play .
1	the dvd instructions are very easy to follow .
1	not real wood but fun to learn to play .
1	the book is hard though
1	got this for my 10yr old daughter .
1	she enjoys playing on it , able to play comfortably .
1	i bought this guitar for my six year old grandson .
1	it was everything i had hoped for .
1	i would recommend it to everyone .
1	the tuner works great for our frequent tuning needs .
1	it was a nice thought though .
1	all in all a great starter kit .
1	glad we bought it for her !
1	wish the guitar came with a peg to attach a strap .
1	otherwise , nice starter set for my just-turned-8 year old .
1	perfect for children to learn on !
1	complete except for stand .
1	ordered stand and extra picks separately .
1	child is ready to learn .
1	guitar did n't come with shoulder strap as it states .
1	good guitar though for the price .
1	my granddaughter just loves this ukulele !
1	so glad `` santa '' saw this on amazon and bought it .
1	the ukulele itself is pretty sturdy .
1	the strings are plastic and hardto push into .
1	the case is very cheap very thin .
1	i love that the book comes with cds for easy listening !
1	nice sound great price .
1	took it on a mission trip to belize and gifted it to the church .
1	i see tons of people complaining , `` it does n't tune well !
1	whether it be a 1000 dollar instrument or a 30 dollar instrument .
1	how long does it take to break in an instrument , you ask ?
1	a good hour or so of playing , at least in my experience .
1	but this is a ukulele , not a flute .
1	alrighty then , enough about the instrument , the other stuff it came with .
1	but it gets the job done oddly efficiently .
1	for my daughter 's 13th birthday .
1	good value for the price .
1	bought as a gift , the person enjoyed it .
1	i think this is great for beginners .
1	haters will hate but i love this uke .
1	you get what you pay for and this little guy does the job
1	love love love this .
1	i am learning so much .
1	absolutely great little instrument .
1	stays in tune for a while once you break it in .
1	product exactly as described .
1	my teenager is very satified
1	this was a very nice ukulele for a beginner .
1	my son absolutely loves his ukulele .
1	we have yet to start using the book and cd .
1	i feel this is a great beginner instrument for my 5yo .
1	our son is so excited
1	very nice starter guitar .
1	my daughter has learned quite a bit from the book and software .
1	this guitar is exactly what it is - an entry level guitar for kids .
1	this was bought for my daughter and she has enjoyed learning on it .
1	this is a wonderful kit for the beginner .
1	i was impressed with the overall quality of the guitar and the teaching tools .
1	note : the guitar definately does not come with buttons for using a strap .
1	i bought this for my 9 year old daughter to learn on .
1	i highly recommend this for any parent with a guitar interested child .
1	overall , i highly recommend this product !
1	we will probably end up getting lessons for him .
1	for someone starting out this is the way to good .
1	always some adjusting needed but not much .
1	great for the price , my daughter loves it .
1	do n't think she 's put it down much since christmas .
1	i 'd recommend buying an auto tuner .
1	very easy to learn .
1	package was left on my porch in the rain/snow though .
1	nicely constructed and has great sound at its affordable price .
1	arrived on time and in great condition with everything included .
1	only issue was that it cant hold a tune .
1	i bought this guitar for my granddaughter , it was her favorite gift .
1	she has been playing it non stop since she received it .
1	this is the perfect size for my six year old .
1	he loves it and is starting to watch the videos .
1	i think he wants to be a disney star some day .
1	i also e-mailed the seller and they said no it will not work .
1	conflicting messages , quite annoying .
1	i bought this for my 8yr old son .
1	good size and build for my son .
1	i picked on it some , lol .
1	as far as delivery , packing and that goes .
1	i was pleasantly surprised , the guitar seems very well made .
1	it 's the perfect all-in-one starting kit for a kid .
1	otherwise , happy customer .
1	very pleased with my 9 yr old 's first guitar .
1	our son would not put this down !
1	this is a good beginner ukulele .
1	this was a gift .
1	no idea how it 's doing
1	because it was new it was a little hard to keep it in tune .
1	however , it got better the more i played it .
1	the quality is nice .
1	also , the paint job should probably be improved .
1	but other than that , it 's really easy to learn .
1	bought for my daughter for christmas and she loves it .
1	i purchased this as a gift for a friend who really wanted to learn .
1	its a neat little set and he adores it .
1	my son loves it .
1	i expected better , despite the price .
1	i 've never experienced this with any other instrument , cheap or expensive .
1	however , the audio cd and the dvd were not included .
1	ok , my bad .
1	so , i 'm completely happy with this item .
1	perfect little instrument and hobby .
1	i am very happy with this purchase .
1	wont be using the book , dvd or case .
1	the case is very cheap and noisy .
1	the book is not `` beginner friendly '' .
1	i have never owned , played or even held a ukulele .
1	over all , perfect first ukulele .
1	its ok for the price .
1	but good money spent in my opinion .
1	and sounds great when tunned
1	i love alfred 's beginner book !
1	it has even help this old lady master the guitar !
1	my five year old has no trouble following , either !
1	i would definately recommend to a friend .
1	note that this is not a full sized guitar .
1	it is scaled down for children .
1	this product exceeded my expectations .
1	my grandaughter loves it .
1	she will taking lessons and learning to play real soon .
1	i got this for my grandson for christmas .
1	he loved loved loved it .
1	i would highly recommend this product .
1	the quality was better than expected and everything was included just as described .
1	you wo n't be disappointed if you purchase this guitar .
1	it is a verey nice guitar for the price .
1	my grandson really likes it .
1	our 8 year old daughter is having a blast learning to play the guitar .
1	such easy instructions for her to follow .
1	great for just starting out .
1	great deal and awesome product for kids .
1	my son loves it and it fits his body well .
1	wish it came with a stand , but you ca n't have it all !
1	my grandson wants to learn the guitar .
1	it is very well constructed and sounds beautiful .
1	he is looking forward to many hours of enjoyment .
1	thank you for such a great product .
1	i would highly recommend it .
1	ukelele is great and carrying case is good too !
1	love that it cane with extra strings .
1	great book and not bad quality ukulele for the price !
1	i eventually want to upgrade , but i 'm satisfied with this uke !
1	i 'm pleased with the product .
1	the strings must be stretched and broken in before they will stay in tune .
1	my firebrand ukulele plays great and sounds great .
1	do n't expect anything high quality- it 's thirty dollars .
1	for thirty dollars , you get what you pay for .
1	the uke itself is light .
1	i did n't even bother with the original strings because of other reviews .
1	the tuning held fine on those after retuning it a few times .
1	and it is not a toy .
1	that does n't make it a toy .
1	if you want something fancy , save your money .
1	still working on it but it 's a great starter kit
1	this is a beautiful guitar .
1	i mean really nice .
1	you will be amazed at the beauty of this guitar , trust me .
1	the electronic tuner is really difficult to understand , maybe it 's me .
1	the included cd however makes it very easy to tune the guitar .
1	nice course included also , good for beginners .
1	this is a great package , unbelievable quality for this price .
1	it 's beautiful , solid and my daughter just loves it !
1	good price and nice set .
1	she only wishes that a strap came with it .
1	my kids ( ages 6 and 9 ) are really enjoying it .
1	having a case come with it is a good idea .
1	the tone is pleasant -- plenty good for a beginner .
1	i 'm very pleased that i bought it .
1	this is a kids size guitar that has good sound .
1	it comes with everything your child needs to learn .
1	product was exactly what i expected .
1	best quality that you can ask for the price paid .
1	my daughter loves it too .
1	my daughter 's guitar teacher had good things to say about the guitar .
1	overall a really good choice for starters !
1	alfred 's kid 's guitar arrived in perfect condition .
1	this classical style guitar is a good choice , especially for youngsters starting out .
1	comes complete with dvd , music book & tuner .
1	my 10 year old daughter just took up guitar lessons .
1	turns out , this was perfect .
1	and for the price : $ 50.00 , we could n't go wrong !
1	great price for a great starters ukulele kit .
1	i would recommend this product to anyone interested in ukuleles : )
1	i was playing songs within a day ; it just keeps getting better !
1	bought this for my son who wanted to try learning to play ukele .
1	successful and enjoyable experience .
1	remember to get it tuned accurately .
1	he did decide to invest in better quality strings which definitely was a plus .
1	uke of good quality .
1	well worth the money .
1	prime delivery within 2 days of ordering .
1	frets are a little rough and strings high but very playable even for beginner .
1	the ukulele sounds great and the book is very helpful !
1	he has already taught himself 3 songs .
1	there are also cds to listen to and a case for the ukulele .
1	i recommend this to anyone who wants to try it out .
1	my sister loves it !
1	now my younger sister wants one .
1	great gift for holidays i really like it and so does my son .
1	he will be taking lessons soon and now has a instrument
1	i will definitely recommend it to anyone .
1	i know my child will love it
1	she said it was perfect .
1	the guitar is great i just wish it had regular guitar strings .
1	otherwise my niece loved it and seemed to be happy .
1	i bought it for my 6 years old son .
1	he is loving it .
1	his teacher too approved it .
1	it comes with a book and two cds .
1	i love the guitar .
1	however the book lessons and cd did not help me at all .
1	still it is a great guitar to start learning on .
1	we purchased this guitar for our 10 yr old , son .
1	the hardware on this guitar is the best of that bunch .
1	the guitar as a whole feels more solid than i expected .
1	there are no pegs for a strap .
1	the dvd is great .
1	get through the whole thing , and you feel like you have moved forward .
1	the program also has a chord chart .
1	my 6 year old granddaughter thinks i am the best ever ! ! !
1	she loves this guitar and is learning as she goes .
1	very comprehensive and includes everything it 's supposed to .
1	i had a lot of fun with it .
1	cute entry level ukulele `` learn to play '' system .
1	i purchased this as a gift for my son .
1	great for the price .
1	needs tuned a lot though .
1	my son like it very much
1	this was my four year olds choice of instrument .
1	it 's perfect for a beginner !
1	comes with everything needed to learn how to play .
1	i have had this for almost two years and i love it !
1	it was a gift for my daughter and she loved it !
1	nice start up kit , daughter loves it .
1	i can play anything i want .
1	bought it as a christmas gift for my little sister .
1	she adores this , it is prefect for learning on your own .
1	for the money this is a great buy .
1	my one complaint is that the uke loses it 's tune fairly easily .
1	but for the money it 's definitely a good buy .
1	nice quality and sound .
1	being prepared with this fact , i went ahead and clicked 'place order ' .
1	grandson loves his ukulele and it helped him learn to play ! ! !
1	it 's cool for kids
1	i would recommend buying a tuner like the snark-6 and some aquila strings .
1	nice ukulele and text cd also dvd !
1	i bought this for me sons 13th birthday and he loves it .
1	he found the book easy to follow and has learned .
1	this was a great gift .
1	however the strings did not last very long .
1	i absolutely love it .
1	the little carrying case is very nice also .
1	also , the thought of listening to a ukulele was not something i relished .
1	she loves her ukulele .
1	for a beginner - this is a great combo set .
1	she ca n't wait to take it to her performing arts camp this summer .
1	it comes with it 's own bag and travels very well .
1	she even took it on our disney cruise and played for the talent show .
1	great value for anyone looking to pick up this instrument .
1	just wished it came with earplugs !
1	it 's a nice little ukulele and great for the price .
1	it has a good tone and feel .
1	however , the case does absolutely nothing .
1	i would have loved it but the strings were n't real .
1	what a great package comes with a perfect case and instructions to help you learn
1	i have purchased three of these for my adult kids .
1	it is a nice beginner set and it was a lot of fun..
1	case is flimsy but its great to start off with .
1	book and cds are great tools .
1	good enough for a young child .
1	good product , fast delivery !
1	the book is not super helpful but everything else is great .
1	the strings will stretch for a while .
1	the case is a joke .
1	for what it is , it suffices .
1	great purchase for the price .
1	birthday present for my wife , gon na learn to play it myself .
1	seems like good quality , not a toy
1	we 've enjoyed the instrument .
1	it 's a good starter piece .
1	i bought this for my daughter and she loves it !
1	good cheap ukulele ; got what i ordered .
1	i never know what to get my brother-in-law .
1	its my baby uku . !
1	for the price and what you get .
1	bought this for a seven year old for her birthday .
1	best gift ever , and the price is right .
1	product as described , thank you .
1	my grandson is very happy with his new uke !
1	i love it , thanks so much..
1	lots of fun learning a new instrument .
1	perfect ukelele for a beginner .
1	it is a very nice beginners instrument .
1	the learning disc and book are both very helpful .
1	the ukelele does fall out of tune easily though .
1	very nice for the price .
1	i brought this for my 10 year old daughter .
1	she loved this ukulele ; it was easy to play and hold .
1	for the price , material and speed of service .
1	i would recommend this product to anyone .
1	1. this is a real uke .
1	but rest assured , there is nothing not a ukelele about this product .
1	2. this uke is the proper size .
1	this is a soprano uke .
1	it is the smallest style of uke .
1	it is a normal , soprano sized uke .
1	most people likely wanted a concert size uke .
1	if that is what you want , buy a concert size uke .
1	this is a soprano .
1	3. this uke will stay in tune .
1	you will find it goes out of tune quickly .
1	when that happens , tune it .
1	tune it again and again .
1	this is part of playing music .
1	even if its every minute or so , this is normal .
1	it gets better i promise .
1	any instrurment has to be `` trained '' to stay in tune .
1	so this product specifically , how is it ?
1	at the price i got it for its perfect .
1	49 is too much , but 37 was good .
1	what your getting is a perfectly normal soprano uke of budget quality .
1	you wo n't notice unless your really looking for it .
1	soprano 's are great for price and portability .
1	some people prefer a richer sound that comes from a concert .
1	this is n't the fault of the uke its just how the insturment is .
1	you 'd have this problem with any soprano uke .
1	its been a blast .
1	i 've really enjoyed this product .
1	its a cheap uke .
1	i wo n't dispute that .
1	but that 's what most people want starting out .
1	and you likely will , eventually , want a higher quality uke .
1	but that is pretty much true of every instrument ever .
1	the book is cool .
1	getting into an instrument always requires patience and dedication .
1	if you give it time , it will give you music .
1	quick shipment item is perfect !
1	my grandson loves his ukulel .
1	very nice for the money .
1	does not come pre-tuned .
1	excellent starter package at good price .
1	the uke was of good quality for a starter
1	good for a beginner the strings are a kind of cheap .
1	this is a complete starter kit .
1	the ukulele is well-made .
1	you will have to learn to read music ( they show you how ) .
1	you will have to learn the chords ( they show that too ) .
1	as always , it is a matter of practice and more practice .
1	oh , and did i mention practice ?
1	perfect for first timers .
1	yes , nylon strings require lots of tunning .
1	there 's an app or 20 for that .
1	once we dialed it in , its been nothing but good fun .
1	this was bought for a gift .
1	the set arrived promptly and in good condition .
1	my daughter was delighted with it and began learning and practicing immediately .
1	my child loved it .
1	she was playing a song by the end of the day .
1	very easy to follow and learn .
1	great product for the price
1	uke made in china but seems to be fairly well made and good starter .
1	for a beginner this has everything you need .
1	great for the beginner ...
1	granddaughter was really excited when she opened this !
1	arrived as scheduled , really nice , was purchases as a gift .
1	it 's ukulelishly adorable , and it actually has a decent tone .
1	thanks , israel kamakawiwo'ole , for making it cool .
1	everything you need to start your lessons !
1	i did add a tuner which came in very handy .
1	our 7 year old grandson was very pleased with it .
1	it came awesome , just as expected and in the right time .
1	i am enjoying my ukulele .
1	i had one a long time ago .
1	it came with a good teaching book with a cd and a dvd .
1	i did purchase a tuner from amazon , which works swell .
1	i am learning to play already .
1	it is fun to play .
1	it is a good way to learn to play .
1	the ukulele works and sounds good and it is great for the price
1	we got this for my husband just before christmas .
1	depending on the situation of course .
1	given as a christmas gift to my 12 yr old daughter .
1	she & i play guitar .
1	was worth my $ to me .
1	ordered this last , got it first !
1	good bought for xmas gift
1	i got it as a gift and he loves it .
1	the kit is worth the money
1	my daughter wanted this to learn ukulele on her own .
1	a good musical investment that is easy to learn and understand .
1	she does not read music but still learned to play with this .
1	my son loved it !
1	may change to steel strings .
1	my daughter is now an overweight hawaiian man !
1	it looks a little bit fragile and that is concerning .
1	my husband got this for me as a birthday present .
1	but , for a beginner , i would not trade it .
1	looks great and plays great !
1	my son complained about tuning difficulties .
1	great for a kid !
1	have n't open this yet .
1	i 'm even writing my own songs now .
1	great product and great price .
1	i think a pick should have been included with this .
1	great product , i love it , arrived as expected
1	my new ukelele is awesome !
1	it 's a great starter kit for those who want to learn .
1	the ukulele is very nice and sounds very good
1	bought for a child 's present .
1	very good quality for little ones to learn to play .
1	after researching , i decided to go with this set because of the price !
1	anyways i 've had it now for 4 months and i still love it .
1	my granddaughter loved it !
1	taught herself to play in a week .
1	uke is a quality instrument .
1	very happy with this purchase .
1	not saying i 'll ever play in public , but i 'm having fun !
1	cute little ukulele , just what my daughter wanted .
1	my boyfriend loved this kit !
1	i would definitely recommend this to family and friends !
1	my daughter plays it and it has a very good sound .
1	i would recommend it .
1	this is a great starter uke !
1	my son loves it ! !
1	great inexpensive starter kit to see if you 'll get into ukelele playing .
1	this little cheap uke is n't a bad starter ukelele at all .
1	in fact , it surprised me with its distinct `` plunky '' sound .
1	i love it strings were lose as a goose but i fixed
1	the only downside is that it does n't stay tuned for very long .
1	we always have to go and re-tune it , which can be frustrating .
1	great shipping time and ukulele
1	my son plays it everyday
1	it 's not too hard
1	it is simple and tiny .
1	we gave it as a gift and he is playing often .
1	this worked out great .
1	it 's not a high quality instrument .
1	but , it 's only $ 30 !
1	overall , great for starters who have an interest in playing ! !
1	little small but i got it for my son to learn how to play .
1	he is very happy with it .
1	this is a great starter kit ! !
1	great starter ukulele comes with everything ,
1	this was a wonderful purchase !
1	i got it for my sons 9th birthday a year and a half ago .
1	he has been playing it regularly ever sense .
1	it is easy to learn from the dvd and book that comes with it .
1	it sounds quite nice and has held up under much use .
1	always loved the sound of a good uke .
1	i never played an instrument before so i was ready for failure .
1	it 's been 5 weeks and i can comfortably play 15 different chords .
1	i 've never had so much fun and i highly recommend this package .
1	bought this as a gift and was happy with my purchase .
1	great sound for such a small instrument .
1	well worth the price .
1	my 16 year old grandson loves it .
1	the lessons are pretty easy to understand and straight forward .
1	practice practice practice ; it is not a tough instrument to learn .
1	thank you , naomi p .
1	this uke has become one my prized possessions and i absolutely love it .
1	this is probably the best purchase i have ever made for myself .
1	i am really happy with this started pack .
1	it has everything you need to start learning ukulele .
1	i enjoy learning to play ukulele on my own .
1	it is fun and a different learning exp
1	we learned to play thanks to this kit .
1	the real jewel in the crown 'tho is the instruction book .
1	it 's not the kits fault .
1	i am just not too good at making music .
1	i later bought a xylophone & have much better progress .
1	this product is good fpor someone who wants to play the ukuele .
1	i am too lazy .
1	the xylophone is easier for me .
1	for this price this ukulele is amazing .
1	the bag should be replaced but every thing in the package is great quality .
1	it comes with an extra set of strings which is helpful .
1	made my grandson very happy !
1	i loved it ! !
1	it is cute and good to play .
1	but i have to adjust tune for several times in one day .
1	my husband wanted this for christmas .
1	this is a great package for beginners .
1	2. the ukelele : the ukelele looks and feels decent .
1	it has a sticker that says made in china .
1	it comes pre-strung but it is out of tune .
1	since the string is nylon , i gave it a chance to settle .
1	it could be that the string included is a cheap one .
1	but after 1 song , you have to tune it again .
1	i could see this improving more as the ukelele gets used more .
1	that is an easy fix .
1	each song have a chart on which chord you will use .
1	this is a great price for the package .
1	my wife was wanting this for her birthday and this was a great price .
1	the instrument is well crafted for the price and tuning it was a breeze .
1	they also included a cd and dvd to walk her through it as well .
1	you can always trade up later .
1	i bought this ukulele a few years ago as my first ukulele .
1	i eventually put some aquila strings on it and it sounded pretty good !
1	all ukes sound different and i think it 's just a matter of preference .
1	overall , i recommend this uke to anyone starting out .
1	i got one for my boyfriend and one for me to learn together .
1	he 's done well picking up the different strumming methods .
1	the dvd is easy to follow and very helpful .
1	if you do n't get it , rewind .
1	i am very happy with this purchase .
1	great value for a decent ukulele !
1	the gig bag is n't very good , but i ca n't complain .
1	i have n't used the cd yet .
1	this was a great beginning kit !
1	not the highest quality , but a great starter instrument with a good price .
1	for a true beginner , i found the dvd especially helpful .
1	for the price , the package exceeded my expectations and has been fun .
1	you get what you pay for and this is no exception .
1	i love the book with the dvd and cd .
1	it was a great deal for what i paid .
1	i used utube video to tune it .
1	i love using it and am ready for the next level .
1	highly recommend this ukulele .
1	this came in quickly with all the needed components .
1	for the money , it 's a great beginner instrument .
1	i would definitely recommend this to others !
1	it 's really nice !
1	good for any level learner .
1	i would n't ask for a better handbook or manual .
1	this was a present for my fickle daughter .
1	i know nothing about these instruments .
1	the strings are plastic .
1	on regular guitars , metal strings are used .
1	but for the price , this was perfect for a beginner !
1	its sturdy wood and all the material and instructional dvd are nice .
1	makes it a lot easier to learn .
1	purchased this as a christmas gift for my fiance .
1	definitely the best purchase i 've made yet .
1	i am trying to learn to play for my granddaughters .
1	has everything to start out with in this starter pack .
1	the first one arrived without the cd 's .
1	this is great if you want to learn the ukulele .
1	i would recommend this to anyone who would love to learn how to play .
1	bless you , alfred .
1	learn a new stringed instrument !
1	it hurts the fingers and stimulates the brain !
1	all the tuning and the chords are here .
1	i ca n't wait to dig into the cd 's and learn the rest !
1	i wanted something cheap and easy for beginners .
1	this one was perfect for me .
1	my son loved it .
1	spent hours learning instead of playing xbox .
1	good quality and easy directions all a plus
1	daughter loves it and carries it around everywhere she goes .
1	i on the other hand thought it was a very nice package .
1	definitely worth the price !
1	the ukulele is small but so appropriate for first time users !
1	must get for a potential musician : ) .
1	within 1 day music was pouring from my son 's room .
1	reasonably priced and great sound !
1	go for it ! !
1	bought this ukuele for my 13 year old son .
1	it is definitely not an instrument for someone looking for a long term commitment .
1	for beginners , and for the price it is a winner .
1	they do n't know anything about stringed instruments or nylon strings .
1	you have to keep tuning it until the strings stretch .
1	it only took me about half an hour .
1	these people just do not know how to read .
1	it is a great buy though , considering the price .
1	i highly recommend this product .
1	easy to follow steps and directions .
1	a carrying case and extra strings are a definite bonus .
1	besides that , everything is great !
1	i lost my husband !
1	what a revolting developement this is eh ?
1	nice product for the price .
1	this is a really nice little instrument .
1	my only gripe is the nylon strings .
1	not that they are bad , only i prefer steel .
1	the manual and dvd and cd were good to have .
1	really fun for beginners !
1	i would recommend for any beginner or intermediate looking for quality and affordability !
1	my child loves this !
1	i bought this for my 87 year old father .
1	it is a very nice instrument and he was very pleased with it .
1	arrived quick , great quality , came with instruction booklet and carrying case .
1	was a christmas gift and the recipient loved it .
1	it 's the perfect starter for my beginner daughter .
1	they love them and are having a great time learning together .
1	this is a nice quality instrument for a beginner .
1	they began to play it almost immediately .
1	instructional booklet very helpful .
1	made a wonderful gift !
1	my son loves it ! !
1	good quality , not expensive and comes with everything you need to start .
1	great product my kid is having a lot of fun with it .
1	she is learning a lot .
1	i love this inexpensive complete starter pack .
1	it has everything that a uke beginner is looking for .
1	i recommend the starter pack to anyone looking for a good and affordable set .
1	i could see a beginner worried that it always sounds funny .
1	it would be nice if the song book included hawai ` ian songs .
1	this is , after all , a pretty hawai ` ian instrument .
1	i bought this as a christmas gift for my daughter .
1	so cute and easy to carry around .
1	it is the perfect size !
1	i did recommend this to a friend .
1	no broken strings etc ... i do suggest getting the auto tuner .
1	awesome starting kit for uke players .
1	all in all this can get the beginners into playing .
1	can you do something about it .
1	my son has been waiting for it.. thanks and god bless !
1	only thing missing was a pick or two .
1	perfect for my 7-year-old son who decided he wanted to take ukulele lessons .
1	the sound is very good and the size is perfect for a child .
1	i really ca n't understand how i got this for this price .
1	the book it comes with is wonderful on it 's own .
1	it 's a cheap ukulele , yes .
1	it 's pretty decent though .
1	it has pretty good sound though and is easy to tune .
1	good value for starters .
1	i figured if i really liked it i could buy a better ukulele .
1	i am ordering a better instrument and going to buy more books .
1	this package was exactly what i was looking for .
1	i purchased this ukulele simply because it was cheap and came as a pack .
1	i have n't had any issues with any aspect of this instrument .
1	stretch those strings out !
1	you can either buy a tuner or download one onto your smartphone .
1	i have an android phone and downloaded the app gstrings .
1	i ca n't wait to start learning how to play .
1	my biggest complaint are the strings .
1	they are nylon and tend to have a very muted sound .
1	i even took it to hawaii on a semi-spontaneous vacation !
1	my brother love it very much .
1	he play it everyday .
1	that is a real lukulele , not a toy .
1	i chose for the pricing .
1	good place to start .
1	will move up as i progress .
1	the quality of the instrument is sufficient for my needs .
1	i purchased this for my sister who has now taught herself to play .
1	the ukulele is well made for beginners to intermediate players .
1	it 's pretty sturdy and the sound is good once tuned .
1	it came with everything it was supposed to and was shipped very quickly .
1	one was tuned and placed in my hands and i immediately named it .
1	i was so happy , engrossed and transported .
1	this is uke is great for me .
1	having a lot of fun .
1	the ukulele is great if you are just learning the basics .
1	as far as the instruction book goes , it worked well for me .
1	i particularly liked how it showed different strums you can use .
1	i play lots of instruments and wanted to learn the ukulele over the summer .
1	good quality for the price , girlfriend and her daughter love it .
1	i would recommend this sight to others .
1	thanks for the great deal
1	got this to get started playing the ukelele before i visited the amazon rainforest .
1	't is perfect for their small hands , and mine .
1	get it , use it , live it , love it .
1	i like it very much lol
1	the instructions for playing the chords are simple and clear .
1	i recognize most of the songs and are easy to play .
1	only problem is the strings .
1	sting one ... play 's `` dead '' meaning it will not stay in-tune .
1	this is a great little ukulele kit .
1	has everything you need .
1	you will be singing and strumming in no time .
1	bought this for my 3-year old daughter .
1	it is light weight and small enough for her to handle .
1	produces a good sound too
1	very reasonably priced and the product arrived within the week .
1	he really enjoyed it till he sat on it and broke it .
1	only problem he really had with it was tuning it .
1	i am having a blast learning to play this ukulele ! !
1	i would suggest this for all ages !
1	this produce was great .
1	the uke seems great .
1	i would suggest purchasing the electronic tuner .
1	it was harder to tune than i figured .
1	the ukulele is very good quality i highly recommend it
1	when it arrived in the mail it was in my arms 24/7 .
1	overall it met my expectations by teaching me how to play the ukulele .
1	my son is 15 and is loving the ukulele .
1	this item is well made and is with standing a beating .
1	it appears to be very complete and it wo n't empty your pocket book
1	the ukulele was just what i wanted .
1	it came with a book and extra strings .
1	i enjoy playing it .
1	i would recommend this product .
1	it is a well assembled pack , perfect for learning and beyond .
1	i gave this to my wife for her birthday .
1	she practices with the book every night .
1	the dvd is fine and the case is what you would expect .
1	i bought this for my daughter who wanted to learn to play .
1	i got it only 2 days after i ordered it !
1	we have n't used the dvd .
1	the internet is much easier .
1	this has been fantastic for teaching myself the ukulele .
1	i have n't needed to change the strings and it 's still looking good .
1	so i just learned from youtube vidoes and also music sheets online .
1	the item and content are great - just not great for a little kid .
1	still takes practice and work ... i will learn it and love it
1	this set was better than expected ! ! !
1	the ukulele is professional quality & the sound is really good .
1	all the accessories that came with it was an added bonus .
1	can not say enough good things about it !
1	would highly recommend it to anyone wanting to learn to play !
1	i received it earlier than stated .
1	it had everything it said that it was supposed to have .
1	but again it is a great product .
1	now to learn how to play !
1	later when i have achieved more experience and talent , i can upgrade .
1	hint-get the snark sn-6 ukulele tuner .
1	but for learning the uke.. it really ca n't be beat .
1	it 's a perfect learning instrument .
1	there are better uke 's on the market ... those are for pro 's .
1	this is a starter unit .
1	frist thing is how to tune the ukulele
1	too early to say i have learned to play at this stage .
1	who can be stressed playing a ukulele !
1	my girlfriend thinks its sexy and its a good beach uke
1	for the price , i am surprised at how nice it is .
1	the carrying case is garbage so toss that and the rest is pretty nice .
1	can i play yet ?
1	nope , not even close .
1	i am having a great time learning the uke .
1	it reminds me of hawaii everytime i plink away at it .
1	everything i need to learn to play the ukulele was included in the box .
1	let the learning begin !
1	like the other reviews the strings are cheap and stretch a lot .
1	i should have popped for a martin though .
1	she absolutely loved it .
1	was a gift for my husband and he loved it .
1	it is quite simple to follow and the dvds are definitely very helpful .
1	overall i 'm happy with this .
1	easy to learn with cd .
1	still learning and having fun with it .
1	entertaining my nieces wth sing alongs
1	the book and instrument are just fine for a beginner .
1	this kit has everything you need , and the uke sounds great !
1	easy instructions and good tuning cd to come with it .
1	the expression of journey 's music comes out very well with this piano book .
1	this ukulele is fine for me .
1	it is a good starter as i am just 15 months into playing guitar .
1	the dvd is very easy to folllow and challenging with play along songs .
1	keep it in tune , it is a beautiful sound .
1	this is a really great starter kit and the price was right .
1	also , the ukelele is sooo cute !
1	other than those two things it seems fine for a beginnner .
1	as i was playing my ukulele i thought i need to share this review .
1	now that i can play decently , i still find this uke sufficient .
1	overall , the quality surprises me for what i paid for it .
1	i hope other beginners and casual uke lovers find this review helpful .
1	the entire package is well worth it !
1	i would recommend for anyone who wants to start playing .
1	this is a nice ukele to start with .
1	it brings all you need to start having fun .
1	decent construction for the price .
1	i would recommend for beginners and those careful with their belongings .
1	everything we needed to learn to play .
1	looks good and reasonable price ; firebrand is the brand on the instrument itself .
1	comes with a detailed book , cd and dvd .
1	nice way to introduce someone to playing the instrument .
1	i was n't expecting much from this really - the price is very in-expensive .
1	but i was pleasently pleased to see the quality of the ukulele .
1	great present - books and cd 's included for easy learning .
1	it was a gift , and i would recommend getting a tuner .
1	other than that it was a great starter kit for a beginner .
1	not the top of line , but great product for the price !
1	it is quite simple to follow and the dvds are definitely very helpful .
1	my daughter has wanted a ukulele for a long time .
1	this fit the bill perfectly for a beginning ukulele player .
1	came in a timely manner , instruction book is very clear .
1	ukelele looks adorable and durable .
1	strings are plastic , just in case you were wondering .
1	came in a box , just as described .
1	i am 72 years old -- have never played a string instrument .
1	this ukulele is so much fun -- i am having a ball .
1	so much fun that i ordered 6 for my grown children for christmas .
1	can not wait to show them that an old dog can learn new tricks !
1	this item was bought for a friends 14 yr old son .
1	the `` teach yourself to play '' was a plus .
1	let me start by saying that this is a fantastic product .
1	the uke : it 's fine !
1	if you 're prepared for this , it wo n't be too frustrating .
1	after a day or 2 , it was fine .
1	the book & dvd ( i used them together ) : fantastic !
1	perfect for a true beginner .
1	overall , this is a great product !
1	so i purchased this set for him for his birthday .
1	it 's very nice for a beginner .
1	my daughter loves it !
1	many easy songs for a newbie ( only had 12 lessons ) .
1	if you like journey 's songs , you 'll like this .
1	great for a beginner or intermediate level player .
1	sounds adequately like the original journey songs .
1	makes me feel like i 'm better than i am .
1	the songs are great .
1	i bought this book for a fmaily member and they were delighted with it .
1	really , what more could you ask for at this price ?
1	i 've always wanted to try out the ukulele , and now i can .
1	give it a try !
1	this was a good starter pack , especially for the price .
1	so i had to buy another pick .
1	the strings to tend to get out of tune quickly .
1	it seems to be the same string that goes loose in 2-3 days .
1	at the deal-of-the-day price it was a downright steal .
1	perhaps better quality strings would work better .
1	but a nice little instrument for a beginner , or for taking camping !
1	the book was unexpectedly high quality .
1	( have n't watched the video yet )
1	i bought this ukulele kit for my 10 year old granddaughter and she loves .
1	she has been using the chord chart in the book and various websites .
1	most of what she is playing are from popular , fun songs by ear .
1	the instrument itself seems very cheap .
1	it is a dull brown with no grain and looks like pressboard .
1	i do wish there was some kind of electronic tuner included .
1	the tuning method for a ukelele is very different than a guitar .
1	it is a unique instrument in jr. high .
1	i 'm thinking about getting a mandolin for her next .
1	i have been considering picking up the uke for about a year now .
1	overall , i agree with some of the previous posters .
1	get used to it .
1	it just takes time and repetition - but is sooo worth it .
1	the ukukele sounds beautiful to me .
1	the product was exactly as described and even better than i imagined .
1	i would highly recommend !
1	i bought this for my 9 year old nephew .
1	i played the dvd and followed along .
1	i am offically hooked on the ukelele !
1	i am keeping it for myself and will probably order another for nephew .
1	i 'm hoping it will be a good transitional instrument to the guitar .
1	this uke is a great beginner instrument .
1	got here is reasonable time !
1	you just have to work with it !
1	good for the price , and the book is quite helpful !
1	first of all , i 'm really impressed by the quality of the instrument !
1	it 's a very solid little thing and puts out plenty of sound .
1	another reviewer mentioned that the strings slip .
1	tune it at least once a day if you can .
1	this starter pack is a seriously amazing deal .
1	was easily able to work around it .
1	i 've been studying classical guitar for 2 1/2 years .
1	the a-frame makes playing a lot more comfortable .
1	i 'm able to sit upright when i 'm playing .
1	when i used a foot stool i slouched over .
1	it 's a one-time buy ; do n't pass it up .
1	an investment that will save your back as you age .
1	my guitar a-frame support is exactly what i needed for my guitar !
1	i can literally play sitting anywhere .
1	so simple yet so essential .
1	it is just what i wanted and needed .
1	super quick delivery , item as described
1	it 's pretty easily adjustable .
1	this is the one to get .
1	this guitar stand works exactly as advertised .
1	there is also a demonstration video available on youtube .
1	but boy , was i wrong .
1	the instrument in general is easily to learn , but hard to master .
1	it is very easy to install and remove .
1	and most importantly i get the right support in a variety of chairs .
1	this guitar support is an excellent product .
1	bought it sight unseen and it turned out to of excellent quality .
1	this is a major advantage over the other guitar supports .
1	this is a major advantage over the other guitar supports .
1	just got this today .
1	it 's very adustable , compact and easy to store .
1	it 's exactly what i was hoping for .
1	it 's an excellent deal .
1	this is a neat little instrument .
1	i would definitely recommend getting the `` how to play '' book .
1	really fast shipping and exactly what i expected .
1	i then purchased a feadog d tinwhistle , and did very well .
1	both are appropriate and beautiful for irish music , and celtic music in general .
1	i am very pleased with this tinwhistle - and glad i stuck with it !
1	great for fun and civil war reenacting .
1	so glad this product is available .
1	otherwise the two use an identical design .
1	i ca n't believe guitar center does n't carry anything like it .
1	now that i 've tried it i 'm thrilled and relieved .
1	thank you so much .
1	this a frame was absolutely amazing as well as compact and portable .
1	it gives you more freedom to adjust it to a certain position .
1	where have you been all my life ?
1	this should be standard for all classical players .
1	( get the cheaper one though . )
1	no more pain finally !
1	no more with this amazing support !
1	plus the support folds in when i put away my guitar on its stand .
1	thank you for making this !
1	pure and simple awesomeness !
1	i like the way they are so adjustable .
1	the a-frame classical guitar support is everything i 'd hoped-for .
1	the service on this was also outstanding .
1	this is carolinda at troubadour music , the seller .
1	i am trying to figure out what is happening in your case .
1	we have never encountered a '' snapping '' noise on any instruments here .
1	you are welcome to return the the changer for a refund of course .
1	our teenager requested a pennywhistle for christmas .
1	he played it almost all afternoon , and loves the sound .
1	plays in-tune and is a nice product for the price .
1	the penney whistles were exactly as advertised and arrived in a very timely manner .
1	firemen are my hero 's and vets too .
1	oak really knows how to make a good product !
1	the whistle is perfect !
1	i actually play it more than my d now !
1	i 'd buy it again .
1	this tin whistle is great .
1	alright , i have played the recorder before , but not much .
1	and i am a beginner .
1	more for playing reels if you will .
1	youtube has some excellent comparison videos where you can hear the difference .
1	very high quality whistle .
1	very nice to play .
1	no rough edges on the holes or the body .
1	very handsome as well .
1	black mouthpiece on shiny , plated brass .
1	not as easy to play for a beginner as the clarke , though .
1	its great for that , its simple and the sound is very full .
1	i 'd recommend it if you wanted the instrument for the sound .
1	all in all , its great .
1	very beautiful to look at .
1	lost somewhere by deliverer .
1	promptly and politely replaced by retailer .
1	this unit has a very nice tone .
1	i have a clarke sweetone and the oak classic is noticeably cleaner sounding .
1	i am just starting to learn so ca n't really comment much on playability .
1	four stars for possible note challenges yet to be confirmed .
1	great whistle , comes with chord chart too .
1	i watched an episode of star trek where captain picard played a pennywhistle .
1	i decided to give it a try .
1	it 's fun to play and fairly simple .
1	after two months i 'm still having fun learning various songs .
1	clean , clear sound and fun to play .
1	this is my second oak d whistle , always good to have a spare .
1	indestructible and easy to use , came quickly .
1	i 'm very satisfied and i have had fun with it .
1	was delivered within a week or so .
1	heft and feel is great .
1	nice sound comes from it .
1	i hope someday i can play as beautiful as this pennywhistle looks .
1	bought this for a friend as a gift for christmas and she loves it !
1	she uses it all the time -- no complaints .
1	just a great little whistle .
1	i have a wide assortment of whistles but no oaks .
1	like the feadog it 's better than most all un-tweaked generations .
1	11 bucks well spent and my 8 year old has his very own whistle .
1	good way to start !
1	the look of this whistle are amazing .
1	the mouthpieces are perfect .
1	just as described and shipped on time .
1	the whistle plays great and i would for sure buy it again .
1	pretty -- though it does n't look wooden !
1	i 've bought several d tin whistles in the sub-fifteen dollar price range .
1	the sound / tone is classic .
1	i 'm quite satisfied .
1	i find it easy to play .
1	the small pamphlet that comes with the whistle is minimal at best .
1	the shipper could send it in a better package , though .
1	i was amazed that it arrived in one piece .
1	you 'll be glad you did !
1	graham 's writing and presenting style are excellent .
1	this book answers many questions as to the why and how of bowen therapy .
1	five stars are not enough for either !
1	i love the assessment piece that has been missing from my training . ''
1	you need to read this book if you are serious about bowen .
1	you wo n't be disappointed .
1	this is a good uke for a great price .
1	my 16 yr. old granddaughter was thrilled to receive this gift .
1	she has been playing it nonstop since receiving for christmas !
1	it has been truly well received .
1	with the cd and dvd and book - it works together perfectly .
1	a hit all around !
1	i got this as a valentine 's day gift to help me relieve stress .
1	i even use him to help teach piano .
1	i know i will be !
1	4 stars indicates this item met ( but did not exceed ) my expecations .
1	the geared tuners hold the tune well .
1	the fretboard is straight .
1	( very easy to do after watching a video online ) .
1	the new strings definitely improved the instrument sound .
1	really would like to learn to play a guitar .
1	thanks for your help .
1	the idea behind this product is genius !
1	and is the reason i give it 5 stars .
1	but seriously $ 50- $ 75 ? ?
1	it 's a piece of plastic !
1	all you 're doing is delaying the actual learning process .
1	why not just start by playing the actual chord .
1	`` but the strings hurt my fingers ! ''
1	those calluses to guitarists are like a toolbelt to the carpenter .
1	and wants to pony up the dough to do so .
1	if thats the case , i beleive its the perfect product .
1	practice , practice ... practice and good luck
1	you can play tons of songs by just using this little thing .
1	this was bought for my daughter who wants to learn to play the guitar .
1	it has been fun and very helpful in getting her started .
1	it was a real pleasure to deal with the seller as well .
1	bought for my hubby .
1	i bought this so he would play more wo his finger tips bothering him .
1	hes played a guitar for about 50 years and says its the real deal .
1	he loves being able to hold a button down instead of the guitar strings .
1	my house will be filled w music again
1	the instructional dvd is very helpful .
1	the digital tuner is a great bonus .
1	there are 2 different types of chord buddys .
1	perry explains it all in his youtube channel search chord buddy
1	my husband seems to be enjoying
1	easy to install on guitar .
1	after 2 days , playing the major chords without the tool !
1	very happy with this purchase !
1	great product ... thanks to shark tank ... .
1	my daughter really wanted this as she recently decided to learn the guitar .
1	and she loves it !
1	already started playing what a great system !
1	great product i 'm learning to play .
1	will be amazing if they can incorporate them somehow .
1	gave as a gift and she really liked it .
1	got here quicker then expected !
1	helpful , give it a try , if you are a beginner guitar player
1	seems simple , , , we will see
1	saw this item on shark tank tv show and had to have it
1	i 'm thrilled with this system for learning guitar .
1	i 've always wanted to learn but felt learning chords was daunting .
1	he is learning right along side me .
1	we are really enjoying doing this together .
1	the chord buddy has made this easy and affordable .
1	i 'd recommend this to anyone that wants to start out .
1	a good 'quick-fix ' for someone wanting to play the guitar quickly .
1	iv learned several songs and seriously show off to my friends .
1	wish you had more chord options id give you 5 stars .
1	possibly an idea for the future
1	this has helped me so much in learning how to play the chords with ease
1	the idea of this guitar learning system is great .
1	if this review is helpful be sure to let me know !
1	fender fa 100. went on easily .
1	stayed and does exactly what it should .
1	played my first song about 10 minutes after i started .
1	i do n't know neck sizes , but this fender one is smaller .
1	omg i love this product ! ! !
1	thank you so much .
1	i really like chord buddy !
1	easy to install and played a song within 5 minutes !
1	bought this for my wife to learn .
1	i started using it and now prefer it .
1	so easy and so much fun .
1	my 5 year old is quickly catching on .
1	my wife is using it to learn to play .
1	she has always quit before but now is playing songs .
1	lots of fun and very easy to play ... thanks chordbuddy
1	really works for this beginner !
1	as good as factory maybe some better but worth the money
1	i have n't use it anymore .
1	ca n't believe this little gem .
1	she has learned to move between most chords quickly and without difficulty .
1	also , the instruction materials that come with the system are great .
1	it has been a big help .
1	my husband loves it .
1	if you are thinking about it - do it .
1	easy to set up and to use !
1	i love this and it really works !
1	great learning aid ! !
1	play in one day !
1	just have to commit to using it
1	we ca n't used our guitar do n't fits into the piece .
1	great product , makes learning much easier.can play songs in the first few minutes
1	easy to follow , great purchase .
1	great way to learn guitar
1	shipped fast and is a great package deal
1	now i need to practice
1	this allows her to be able to play and get strumming down for now .
1	not made real well but it is o.k .
1	waiting to hear the results
1	it is a christmas present .
1	i feel that the old one is a good one .
1	that is why i bought this one early .
1	wonderful product confident with learning songs in book in a day
1	great product for beginners that want to learn guitar .
1	otherwise get a teacher .
1	seems easy to use .
1	very good novelty and entertaining piece .
1	but not for serious learning .
1	works great and easy to understand
1	i received my chordbuddy .
1	it is a very unique product .
1	i have arthritic hands and am unable to make the chords .
1	i have not played in 60 years .
1	i found this at amazon .
1	it works as it says it will .
1	i would recommend it anyone .
1	i just play and sing for pleasure .
1	for someone who thought they could not play anymore it is great .
1	i like the system .
1	i can start playing immediately
1	i 've been struggling learning chords and strumming .
1	she commented that it 's great for older people who have developed some arthritis .
1	good product , good price , fast delivery !
1	did n't work real good sold on ebay
1	this is amazing ! !
1	we went through nearly the entire book ! !
1	easy to use ! !
1	we will recommend this to everyone ! !
1	they did a great job with this product
1	just started the dvd and was playing 'chords ' that same night .
1	i saw this on shark tank and immediately purchased it .
1	i was playing instantly ! !
1	easiest , most encouraging way to learn the guitar
1	great , great , great product ! !
1	easy to use and great instructions .
1	learn to play songs fast with this product
1	the chordbuddy is awesome !
1	i am very musically inclined but with small hands musically challenged .
1	after seeing a commercial i thought i would give it a whirl .
1	i bought a cheap yamaha acoustic guitar and ordered a chordbuddy .
1	i learned it quite fast .
1	only 4 chords , 4 buttons .
1	i scoured the internet for 3 and 4 chord songs and found many .
1	i found strumming was just natural for me knowing music so well .
1	if you have a good ear for music , strumming patterns will come naturally .
1	so i invested in a zager ez play zad20 guitar .
1	they are hand made in nebraska .
1	i have ordered replacement pads and booties from the great people at chordbuddy.com .
1	they are so nice and always helpful .
1	the sharks do n't invest in crap .
1	it works believe me .
1	all just those 4 chords .
1	i would n't hesitate to go anywhere and play if asked .
1	can i suggest zager ?
1	hey , have fun with it .
1	making music is heavenly .
1	it will bring you joy i promise !
1	the device actually seems to work .
1	it reignited my daughter 's interest in guitar .
1	i have bought many books and this is the best .
1	it helps keep you motivated .
1	works pretty good , my wife asked for this .
1	i 'm a professional guitarist and she is a singer .
1	she always wanted to play guitar but claimed she was not able to learn .
1	chord buddy did exactly as advertised , instant guitar .
1	she learned a few songs and learned how to strum etc .
1	but you still have to practice .
1	bought for my husband to learn , and it 's working .
1	easy to learn , good quality
1	it really work 's , i can play the guitar again .
1	i was curious as to how the chord buddy would work .
1	shortly thereafter i was playing labamba .
1	not as easy as stated .
1	but i will keep trying
1	i have however leared the buttons with the correct fingers .
1	my only problem is the strumming rythem .
1	i would suggest this product to anyone
1	the device seemed to work fine .
1	you can actually play songs that are recognizable very quickly .
1	this device presses down strings at the same time .
1	however at least you will know what the cord is suppose to sound like .
1	looking forward to learning all the chords .
1	just what my granddaughter needed to help her reach all the strings .
1	my husband loves this !
1	my grandson who is learning to play guitar , loved it .
1	especially , the song book .
1	its ok but does n't complete back off a chord as well as it should
1	this was my favorite christmas gift of all !
1	best thing ever for beginning guitar players .
1	works great , fantastic product .
1	great ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	thank you tyler perry for a great invention .
1	god bless , larry k. kiss on entertainment
1	i bought this for my husband for christmas .
1	my experience was great initially .
1	chord buddy is a fun way to learn to play the guitar .
1	the green tab kept getting stuck .
1	returning though hope to purchase another for myself .
1	chord buddy is worth purchasing .
1	the song only has three cords in the entire song .
1	so , i got my guitar and installed the cord buddy per the instructions .
1	i hope this suggestion helps .
1	it did take a while to get the unit installed properly .
1	and i removed two of the rubber feet to prevent buzzing strings .
1	having done those two things , all of the buttons are playing perfectly .
1	now for the hard part - making sure i practice regularly !
1	my daughter is learning how to play guitar with the chord buddy !
1	what an awesome product to learn guitar : )
1	i think that it is a good product .
1	this product had my 5 year old nephew playing songs in 10 minutes .
1	i 've played for 30 years .
1	love the cord buddy , play nice sounds within minutes .
1	unfortunatley i broke it after week trying to adjust it .
1	i am so happy what great customer service .
1	i played my first two songs today ! !
1	i really like my chord buddy .
1	i feel like i can really play my guitar when i use it !
1	great product and fast shipping
1	so easy to use , love it !
1	pretty awesome cheat to learn how to play !
1	not for classical guitar i was so sad to have to return it !
1	i put it on this morning and im playing ! ! !
1	ok there are drawbacks .
1	the construction could be stronger .
1	maybe if it was made of metal ?
1	i would buy a second if it was made better .
1	but i just sung amazing grace and accompanied myself .
1	at 44 i never did that and always wanted to. ! ! !
1	i do n't no what i would of done without it .
1	who ever invented this thank you .
1	easy to use that is for sure .
1	i love this ! !
1	no way would i ever think i 'd be able to play a song !
1	instead i 'm able to begin playing it ! !
1	the chordbuddy exceeded my expectations .
1	it appears to be an excellent learning tool for beginner guitar players .
1	i would highly recommend this product to others
1	i bought this for my son who is learning to play the guitar .
1	this makes it very simple and is easy to use .
1	great tool for those of us who never played an instrument before .
1	i did not get the small rubber feet and had trouble eliminating bad strings .
1	did not fit on guitar as well as seen on tv .
1	still trying to figure it out .
1	a little harder than it seems .
1	or it was just me .
1	this came in the time expected and was just like the description .
1	i am hoping this will get her using her guitar more .
1	i bought this for my 12 year old daughter .
1	it does everything it said it does .
1	i just got the chordbuddy .
1	if you go to youtube you can get instructions .
1	you will need to press firmly on the buttons to avoid buzzing strings .
1	i was also surprised at the quality of the lesson material too .
1	have fun and strum away !
1	i believe it will work !
1	as of yet i have n't given it to her !
1	i am sure it is going to work for her ... ..thank you .
1	truly helps you learn to play and sound like a professional guitarist ! ! !
1	will work with someone with patience ! !
1	will give to my son as he just bought a guitar .
1	already i 'm playing like a pro !
1	i look forward to playing every day now that there is no frustration anymore !
1	may not work for everyone , with someone know how to play .
1	i would only recommend if you are buying a standard sized guitar .
1	thank you so very much !
1	its a great product easy to use .
1	this is no magic bullet .
1	you either got it or you ai n't .
1	so far i ai n't .
1	but maybe some day ... ... .
1	this is the greatest thing happened to a guitar , i love it .
1	just need a video with more songs thanks
1	easy to assemble on guitar .
1	i 'm very satisfied with this product .
1	best gift ever ! !
1	this gadget really works .
1	i could n't believe how good the songs sounded when i used this .
1	it helped me get started and made me want to continue learning !
1	this gentleman had a great idea .
1	i 'm not musically inclined but i have always wanted to play the guitar .
1	item arrived in good condition fast shipping ! !
1	this is a great product for those wanting to learn to play ! !
1	it gives you encouragement to continue to learn.. great item ! !
1	my hats off to the inventor !
1	my daughter can actually play the guitar and we all can sing along !
1	try it , you will love it !
1	my husband is teaching himself how to play the guitar .
1	he is enjoying the chord buddy a lot .
1	he has never known how to play an instrument .
1	my husband loves the chord buddy .
1	i love it , i can play more than i ever expected .
1	even if i do n't ever work my way off of the chord buddy .
1	my husband and i first saw this product on shark tank .
1	he loved it and i am amazed at how well it worked !
1	he has been playing a lot and is getting better and better !
1	we love the dvd and the way the book is set-up .
1	it not only tells you when to switch but what color button to press .
1	love that there are many hymns too .
1	this tool is worth 5 stars , it 's wonderful .
1	i like it because even i can make a little music .
1	thank you for this brilliant aid .
1	the chord buddy does n't fit well on my guitar .
1	i do like the song books that came with it .
1	it works great my 9 year old grandaughter is playing several songs already .
1	i also have been learning it is fun
1	i do recommend this product for anybody that 's just starting to play guitar .
1	thank you chord buddy my new buddy !
1	david cadena san antonio , tx
1	i got chordbuddy and a guitar for christmas !
1	very easy to follow book and dvd .
1	i 'm half way through them already .
1	i feel very comfortable using this system to learn !
1	this is very easy to use .
1	perfect way to adapt the guitar for her .
1	my daughter wants to learn guitar sooooooooooo badly !
1	my aunt saw chordbuddy on shark tank and recommended it .
1	when she opened it she was soooooo excited !
1	within minutes she was playing !
1	my daughter was strumming along on christmas morning .
1	i am happy with my chordbuddy purchase .
1	i will recommend it to my friends .
1	this is a product that has been needed for a long long time .
1	seriously , get this if you want to learn .
1	i picked it up amazingly fast and i am really not musically inclined .
1	it does what it says .
1	some chords sound great ... others are not too clear .
1	all in all a fun gadget !
1	this seems to be a easy way for me to learn
1	this chord buddy is so easy to use .
1	i would recommend this to anyone who knows music and those who love it !
1	there 's even a chord buddy jr for ages 4-8 for aspiring young guitarists .
1	give yourself the gift of music and order the chord buddy today !
1	[ ... ] for more information
1	like anything practice is the key .
1	item arrived just as described.new in package .
1	sold in stores for much much more .
1	great item for beginner or anyone wanting to learn
1	gave me instant confidence and easy to follow video .
1	once you put it on , you keep picking guitar up and keep practicing .
1	makes learning fun with perfect fingering every time .
1	no more wrong notes .
1	focusing on strumming techniques ; instructions provided on video !
1	once perfected it will be an easy transition to learning notes using fingers !
1	i quickly lost interest , though .
1	perhaps having the option to download the manual would be better .
1	i 'm glad i bought it , though .
1	just hope i use it more and learn more from it .
1	have n't really had the opportunity to really know what i 'm doing .
1	he thought it was a great item to get me started .
1	he has played since childhood and plays well so that impressed me .
1	easy to use and it works .
1	the information is well written and practice will have you playing sooner .
1	happy i bought this .
1	good way to begin again .
1	this an awesome product ! !
1	very easy to install and use .
1	never thought i 'd ever be able to learn how to play guitar !
1	saw the episode about this product on shark tank and had to try it .
1	what a great feeling to be able to provide it .
1	saw this on shark tank and thought i 'd give it a try .
1	well made and easy to use .
1	works great and helps in the learning process .
1	i have waited a long .long time for this help in learning to play..
1	will use it soon as i get time .
1	was recommended by a friend and she loved it .
1	ca n't wait to use it
1	i can not believe how wonderful chordbuddy is .
1	i would recommend this for everyone !
1	each parent who sees it at my school falls in love with it .
1	do n't waste time !
1	i will be playing in no time at all ...
1	i have tried many times to learn to play the guitar without any luck .
1	the first night i got this device i was playing a tune .
1	it has been so much fun to be able to play and sing .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	now i 'm playing again .
1	i would recommend the chord buddy .
1	would recommend for any age group .
1	i have been wanting to play the guitar for years .
1	struggled with chords and finger placements .
1	this tool really makes playing easy .
1	the cd and instruction booklet is very user friendly .
1	working through the lessons and not getting frustrated like i did without it .
1	having fun playing a few songs .
1	great product , great buy !
1	this would be a great tool for the beginning guitarist .
1	maybe , it would / was fitted to an acoustic before i got it .
1	you start by learning strumming techniques .
1	you can then move one key at a time and learn to finger chords .
1	meanwhile this gets you playing right away .
1	sometimes i have to adjust it just right so the chords play correctly .
1	at first i had a challenge .
1	well , it was worth it .
1	i sas the inventor on the shark tank sev .
1	i am very happy with this product !
1	thank you for your prompt service .
1	i look forward to learning the guitar and playing songs so quickly .
1	my husband has played the piano for 58 years !
1	now he can play the guitar !
1	it was one of the best purchases i have made in a while .
1	i purchased the chord buddy after watching the tv show shark tank .
1	i feel comfortable in my own home/space practicing the guitar .
1	keep in mind i have never played a guitar in my life .
1	this is a well made product and the design is just great .
1	shipped fast and works good .
1	great for learning tool .
1	i bought this for my husband for father 's day and he loves it .
1	it makes learning the guitar a lot easier .
1	was a bit more fragile than i thought it would be .
1	not sure how long it will be before it breaks .
1	i am a beginner and this is helping me learn to play the guitar .
1	product delivered was exactly what i wanted .
1	just as pictured with songbook .
1	great directions and easy to follow .
1	it is a great tool for older people that want to play the guitar .
1	very happy with the purchase .
1	i saw this on the tv show sharks .
1	it certainly makes playing easier .
1	get yourself one of these and have some fun .
1	love it , love it .
1	my friends think i am taking lessons !
1	this system was worthwhile .
1	now i want to learn to play guitar as well .
1	this was purchased as a gift for a teen age boy .
1	will probably purchaseanother one in november for a christmas gift .
1	easy to follow and understand .
1	my granddaughter says its perfect for any beginner who wants to learn the guitar .
1	i would recommend to anyone wanting to start playing a guitar .
1	i am older and my fingers do n't work so well .
1	i bought the guitar buddy and my husband installed it last night .
1	when we tried to use it the d chord button kept sliding .
1	i will buy this product again if i need to .
1	i really like the chordbuddy .
1	it works as advertised .
1	my husband has always wanted to learn the guitar .
1	this was a gift for spouse .
1	my kids are still practicing and learning ... thanks chord buddy
1	this gadget is nice and the books included are nice .
1	but , it 's good for practicing .
1	they responding very quickly telling me that both were in the thinking/working process .
1	no secrets here , it works as described .
1	i could n't believe that i could actually play a guitar without taking lessons .
1	within one week she is able to play five songs well .
1	i am a newbie guitarist and was looking to try this .
1	the video is a bit cheesy , but i liked the product .
1	seems sturdy and works good .
1	i would recommend buying a guitar tuner purchase ! ! !
1	otherwise this will be worthless !
1	a little pricey , tho .
1	now if they would develop one for a ukulele i would be happy too .
1	once i had this setup correctly , i hit a chord , and smiled .
1	it works just as its supposed to .
1	i am just a beginner .
1	was playing chords within an hour .
1	very happy with it .
1	set-up took a little time .
1	after that i was flying .
1	easy on the fingers .
1	the dvd is very helpful .
1	makes it fun to learn .
1	should have bought two .
1	must be dedicated , but a well put together program .
1	i 'm not far enough along to say much about it yet .
1	but i do like the fact that i can move at my own pace .
1	it 's like having training wheels for your guitar .
1	i purchased this for a student with special needs in my beginning guitar class .
1	it absolutely did everything i needed it to .
1	i just got this very nice item !
1	i higly recomend if you wan na jam as a star !
1	go for it with out hesitate !
1	the product arrived intact , and promptly .
1	i so prefer shopping on amazon as opposed to ebay .
1	i do recommend actual guitar lessons for anyone trying to learn how to play .
1	it 's more fulfilling in a classroom setting .
1	thanks for your services !
1	i advise anyone to shop with you .
1	i will say , it does n't fit all guitars .
1	the chordbuddy is an excellent idea .
1	it appears they have cheapened the item compared to the buddy on the dvd .
1	i have trouble with one chord constantly causing a vibration on one string .
1	i have tried taking pad off and no luck .
1	claims comes with different depths of pads , but not so .
1	i just keep adjusting the unit and continue to practice .
1	the dvd is very helpful and informative .
1	if you want to learn to play guitar this is the right tool .
1	within an hour you can start playing songs
1	started playing songs without any problems as indicated on video .
1	play my guitar everyday now .
1	so much fun learning .
1	he has been practicing ever since and is getting better !
1	about the chordbuddy ; 1. the instructions were some what easy to learn .
1	the bigiest problem was teaching rythym , the the struming hand .
1	we travel around the us and the world .
1	i take my guitar with me all over the place .
1	thank you for your invention , i 'm singing and having fun .
1	are you going to invent a chord buddy for a electric guitar ?
1	the chord buddy is amazing .
1	it actually works and is made with quality in usa .
1	the guy on the video has an awesome teaching style and techniques .
1	as he suggests , i review the lesson plans on the dvd many times .
1	he has broken down the learning process in 2 steps .
1	this the the best way to learn guitar .
1	i was skeptical but it really does work .
1	my son really enjoys this practice aid .
1	easy and clear directions .
1	this makes learning to play fun .
1	makes playing easier but have n't transitioned to real chords yet .
1	have not been practicing as much as i should .
1	it shipped fast was just perfect was playing guitar in 5 min .
1	great product good songs to play fit prefect on guitar
1	it 's pretty sweet .
1	i am a beginner so the cord buddy is perfect .
1	it did what it was suppose to .
1	hard to keep it tuned .
1	i like it and would recommend it to anyone
1	( it 's been over year now ) .
1	because of chordbuddy , i 'm back playing and having a good time again .
1	this is a great invention for many reasons i.e .
1	learning guitar and/or rehab .
1	i have great difficulty playing chords with my left hand .
1	with this i can strum along with the music they provide .
1	this is the easiest tool to learn and start playing the guitar .
1	the inventor really cares and wants you to have fun with this learning system .
1	i recommend this to anyone that wants to play the guitar .
1	i am a intermediate player .
1	i know these chords .
1	i am getting older and my hands getting slower .
1	so i bought this to use to save a little on my tired hands .
1	it was shipped quickly and i recieved it on time .
1	the chord buddy has helped me a lot .
1	and hit the road .
1	( only kidding ) russ
1	allows one to have a easier approach to learning the guitar .
1	this is due to your strumming and plucking getting better and pushing harder .
1	thus a good way to learn the guitar .
1	i have always wanted to learn guitar , but it was so frustrating !
1	it 's not perfect .
1	the instructions are clear and the installation was easy .
1	no big hurry for that .
1	i want to say this to travis perry .
1	you 're the man !
1	most of all , i 'm having fun with it .
1	the system of learning is sound but remember to practice daily to get better .
1	does what it 's advertised to do .
1	service from perrys music llc was early delivery and packageing was top notch .
1	thank you , usps and amazon for your great service
1	my grandson really loved this and is now playing without using it .
1	he is requesting lesson books now to learn more songs and cords .
1	helping my son to teach himself to play the guitar .
1	he says he could n't do it without it !
1	hi , loved the chord buddy .
1	i just got a new guitar for christmas .
1	i am also brand new to playing , and this is very helpful .
1	i like the beginner cheat method to help me learn .
1	my husband really liked receiving this for christmas .
1	thank you to watching the shark tank and learning about the chordbuddy .
1	that in itself whets his appetite to learn more ... nice idea ...
1	turns out that it was a great buy .
1	the chord buddy made it possible for him to enjoy playing again .
1	he is so happy now .
1	cons : none so far .
1	thank you chord buddy for making my husband truly happy again !
1	the concept is exactly like the wii guitar hero with its color code cords .
1	thank you , great christmas gift .
1	my husband as wanted it since it aired on shark tank .
1	again , thank you for great product .
1	my daughter just loves how quickly she is learning guitar .
1	this has made it a very enjoyable process !
1	what and awesome gift !
1	the next day , she was playing songs .
1	i saw this item when it first appeared of the hit t.v .
1	show `` shark tank '' .
1	i definietly recommed this product .
1	i like the ease of introduction to the guitar that chord buddy allows .
1	i am excited to begin my next lesson !
1	some of the chords sounds a little off chord .
1	the dvd has really come in handy .
1	and he has enjoyed being able to play songs right from the start .
1	this product does what it is supposed to do .
1	it provides `` training wheels '' for learning guitar chords .
1	the unit comes with an adjustable vice screw for different size guitar necks .
1	it helped me and it is worth the time to review .
1	the song book is designed to be a progressive learning tool for beginners .
1	you want precision then buy a bmw .
1	i was n't playing guitar in 5 minutes .
1	did n't expect to .
1	to learn how to play , you must eventually take the training wheels off .
1	i have other instruction , as well .
1	how much it helps , check back with me .
1	if $ 40 is a lot of money , maybe research all options .
1	if $ 40 is not a lot of money , buy it .
1	you can google 3 chord songs , ton of them .
1	this could help you with them and maybe you get lucky .
1	i 've become an instant guitar player .
1	the video instructions are clear and helpful in learning the device .
1	great tool for a beginner .
1	got it for the wife and she could n't be happier .
1	this is an amazing product .
1	we think it would be very helpful to any begging guitar player .
1	particularly anyone who has handicapped hand/hands .
1	i believe that is why it was created ...
1	got it for my oldest daughter for birthday .
1	she is now learning to play all by her self .
1	he was so excited to get it !
1	a little capricious in the fitting
1	i never used it yet .
1	but my husband tried it out .he plays in a band with a guitar .
1	and his comment was , he was amaze on how it let you play .
1	he said you have to learn where the color are with your finger .
1	it was a bit awkward for him because he can play a guitar .
1	but he said it would be great for me to teach me .
1	the chordbuddy is as good as advertised .
1	my daughter really enjoys playing with the aide of the chordbuddy .
1	ever since i was a teenager i wanted to learn how to play .
1	not really having time to give to lessons as i grew older .
1	raising a family and devoting time to a career .
1	no previous guitar experience is necessary , at least i do n't have any .
1	i find it relaxing learning how to play using the chordbuddy .
1	i first saw this on shark tank and just had to try it .
1	dvd is ok , but home- made .
1	i wish the buttons were marked with what key they were .
1	works perfectly no issues at all .
1	price was fairly good .
1	my son-in-law is enjoying using the product .
1	my wife loves this thing .
1	it really does what it is advertised to do .
1	not trying to write a novel on how good it is .
1	i would recommend this .
1	but the product is awesome and helpful as a practice aid .
1	follow the directions to use correctly .
1	they should have called chordbuddy the
1	... ..highly recommend , its quick and easy to install and easy to use .
1	it is a great product for beginners like me .
1	i will continune to use and learn with this product everyday
1	i saw this on shark tank and had to have it .
1	would recommend to anyone wanting to learn the easy way .
1	easy to use , instr .
1	easy to understand just hope it 's durable .
1	have arthritis and probably not be able to play without it .
1	easy to install , and worth the price
1	after purchasing one , i must say that will was right .
1	that being said , it wo n't teach you to play the guitar .
1	that 's going to take practice .
1	but that being said , talk about immediate gratification .
1	you ca n't go wrong with this product .
1	in my mind it 's highly recommended .
1	my mother on the other hand does .
1	plays the four chords it was intended to play .
1	other than that , it 's awesome !
1	this product is helping me learn how to play the guitar .
1	good quality and service .
1	the price was right , also
1	the chord buddy is excellent .
1	it was a gift for my boyfriend and he could n't be happier .
1	the item arrived sooner than expected works great !
1	i love the chord buddy ! ! !
1	i just ca n't say enough .
1	if you love music , you will love this ! ! !
1	i first saw this on shark tank and was immediately impressed .
1	simply does what it says !
1	and the accompnaying songbook that comes with it is wonderful .
1	anyone can play the guitar in less than an hour .
1	marvelous product and i thank shark tank for featuring it .
1	otherwise i would never have heard about it .
1	one of the best value products we 've bought from amazon .
1	5 minutes into the instruction video we were playing a song .
1	his teaching method in the video is perfect .
1	that in itself would have been worth the $ .
1	my favorite part of owning this is it the instant gratification .
1	you pickup the guitar and in minutes your playing a new song .
1	it is a wonderful aid and can help anyone learn guitar as a beginner .
1	even have my child using it to learn and it makes if fun .
1	i paid an instructor to learn which did n't work .
1	i think it is awesome and i 'm having fun learning .
1	my adult son , with autism , has always wanted to play the guitar .
1	the videos online and on youtube are dead on .
1	this is really a great tool to jump start learning the guitar .
1	i strongly recommend this .
1	as your mother always said .
1	`` you still have to practice '' .
1	and i love that is is made in usa .
1	i purchased the chord buddy after seeing it on the shark tank .
1	looked like an easy way to learn guitar .
1	eventually i gave it a chance .
1	the dvd is a good bonus .
1	he guides you thru songs and shows u different techniques of strumming .
1	just do n't buy this and expect it to be easy .
1	it 's certainly not , but with a lot of practice u might .
1	would recommend this product to other people .
1	very easy to use and makes learning fun .
1	very happy with this product .
1	the item came extremely fast and it was nicely packaged .
1	it included everything that it described and in great condition .
1	it was everything i wanted to purchase and expected , thank you .
1	thank you so much !
1	we saw this item on the show called shark tank .
1	the chordbuddy was our last straw to learn how to play .
1	we ( my husband and i ) both played songs within minutes .
1	the videos were really helpful .
1	overall , super cool item .
1	this is just what i was looking for .
1	thank you for helping bring music back into my life .
1	it does fit a narrower neck guitar like a fender steel string .
1	she loved it and wants one for her husband so they can jam together .
1	absolutely fantastic learning device .
1	make music 5 minutes after recieving it .
1	you can not go wrong buying this guitar attachment .
1	i wish i had had this 20 years ago ...
1	i , as many others , saw chord buddy on a tv show .
1	the more i watched the more intrigued i became .
1	so off to the internet i went to poke around .
1	found it on amazon at a good price and grab it up .
1	i have n't been on facebook in a week ! ! ! !
1	thank you ! ! !
1	awesome invention , and thank your daughter too !
1	as the question states , can this be used with a left handed guitar ?
1	( im trying to load the site but its not working ) thanks : )
1	chordbuddy works exactly as advertised .
1	i can pick up my guitar and play with no more frustration !
1	she likes it very much .
1	and the price was great .
1	i think i may finally learn to play the guitar .
1	he helped me put it on my guitar correctly and tuned the guitar .
1	now it 's all up to me .
1	i received it pronto and was pleased with purchase .
1	eventually will have time to learn from the book and cd ... .
1	i had rouble reaching red , blue , yellow and blue buttons .
1	my chord buddy arrived today .
1	tip : vies travis 's installation video on youtube .
1	there are a few nuances that help with the install .
1	installation took me less than five minutes .
1	i spent more than three hours playing guitar and i had an absolute blast .
1	tip ; take highlighters and color code the songs .
1	i saw this on shark tank and loved the concept .
1	he is an accomplished guitarist , but is having problems with chords .
1	this helps him make music again until he regains strength in his left hand .
1	thank you for this wonderful invention !
1	i wish it was capable of playing more than four chords .
1	i also hope work is being done on getting one to fit classical guitars .
1	this is a great product and it works just as advertized .
1	the only thing that does not live up to expectations is me .
1	all in all i highly recommend this product .
1	this product is amazing , simple and fun .
1	the system really works but you have to dedicate time and lots of practice .
1	attached to guitar pretty easily and has worked well so far .
1	this guitar playing aid does function as advertised .
1	when the company makes other chord groupings available of course playing will be enhanced .
1	the chordbuddy seems to be reasonably sturdy but like anything it has its limits .
1	i use it to compensate for lost ability to adequately finger chords .
1	i can recommend this product .
1	not quite as fast as we thought it would be .
1	it , s going to take longer to actually learn to play .
1	was sent out quickly .
1	packaging was well done .
1	we love the chordbuddy and my daughter already wants the other chord add-ons .
1	just follow the dvd .
1	if you practice you will learn .
1	i just did the first part with the dvd and i was very inspired .
1	all i have to say is that i can play the guitar now !
1	recommnend it 100 % .
1	practice , practice , practice is all you need .
1	i purchased the chord buddy after i saw it on a television program .
1	guitar playing was too difficult for her .
1	thank you for the offering of this incredible device !
1	it does not fit on a junior guitar
1	first time and never held a guitar before in my life .
1	i even tucked my kids to bed with me playing the guitar .
1	my son loves it !
1	i love it very much .
1	i bought this for my brother who is turning 6 years old .
1	the cd is just a bonus !
1	very good harmonica and easy to learn lessons great value
1	very nice gift for our grandson .
1	he was quickly playing it .
1	the sound was nice .
1	we hope the instructions will be helpful for him .
1	helped my husband learn easy !
1	bought this for my husband to learn to play .
1	easy to follow instructions .
1	my grandson was playing within hours of opening .
1	my aunt loves her gift !
1	bought as a gift .
1	great for a beginner .
1	i am 50 years old just starting out .
1	in minutes i was playing jingle bells .
1	easy to read and understand for the young are old .
1	this was a gift , and the recipient loves it .
1	i bought this item for my nephew who just recently joined the navy .
1	he enjoys it so much !
1	great little book ... sized just right for taking anywhere .
1	that 's a much-appreciated feature !
1	195 beatles songs with ukulele chords !
1	this is everything you could hope for in a uke version .
1	the chord diagrams are right at the top to review before starting in .
1	the binding is what you 'd find in a hardback book .
1	bend it as flat as you ; d like .
1	you 're probably not going to break it .
1	the book is laid out to all but eliminate page flipping .
1	songs that take up two pages start on the left-hand page .
1	great booki every beatle song ever recorded !
1	some tricky chords but well worth the price !
1	i 'm just starting guitar and i love it .
1	i 'm having fun using this book to both learn and rock
1	it 's still my go to book for begining students of all ages .
1	it 's very user friendly .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	both phase 1 and 2 are excellent quick-starts for budding guitar players .
1	i used this book for my guitar class in college .
1	it 's a great book for beginners .
1	i think my fingers are too short to play a guitar !
1	i love the cover on this ! !
1	wonderful book for beginners ! !
1	my son is doing great !
1	good book , learned some things that other material have not explained .
1	for a beginner this is a good one ! !
1	my student loves this book .
1	this books proves to be handy to any self-learner .
1	the eagle cartoons and illustrations are funny and go straight to the point .
1	besides , it has an affordable price : )
1	great book for beginning guitarists .
1	covers tabs , chords and note reading .
1	i use it for ages 7-adult .
1	for a beginner it is kinda tough to follow .
1	but am getting the hang of it .
1	perfect book for all age beginners , shipped earlier than expected too .
1	started to take guitar lessons and this came on the recommendation of my instructor .
1	it breaks down how to read notes , play chords , and strum .
1	everything worked out great .
1	excellent book and very detailed
1	the price was very very good .
1	excellent book for beginners i would recommend this book
1	i have greatly improved since ordering this book .
1	my instructor uses it when i go for my lesson each week
1	i have n't learned anything from this book yet .
1	still waiting for my git to arrive .
1	i have phase 2 also .
1	has me rocking out !
1	these can , t be beat especially for the price .
1	looks pretty good , but only time will tell .
1	this book was bought as a christmas present for my oldest son .
1	my son is taking guitar lessons and needed this book .
1	he is doing amazing and was extremely happy when his book arrived .
1	now you just need to practice , practice , practice .
1	i think this is a great book to use if you are teaching yourself .
1	it is easy to understand and i think the steps build upon each other .
1	outstanding on the fundamentals and proper techniques .
1	this book explains & outlines things as they need to be at this stage .
1	perhaps the best point is that it is a fun book to go through .
1	i highly recommend this book and the volume 2 to learn to read music .
1	it is the perfect launching pad
1	easy learning and fun !
1	my kids are playing tunes after just a few days !
1	would recommend it for any beginner .
1	my son just started playing electric guitar and has enjoyed this book .
1	it 's easy but not too easy and he 's doing well .
1	very good book for begining players .
1	tought me more than my 120 dollar 8 lessons could have ever done .
1	plus im not forced to go to class at 48 years old
1	i have a number of beginner guitar students i am teaching .
1	this book addresses what most books do n't : technique .
1	i plan on getting phase 2 for my students as well .
1	i got this book years ago when i was first learning to play guitar .
1	well worth it at > $ 10 .
1	this is a true `` teach yourself '' book .
1	this is important because learning any instrument can be very frustrating at first .
1	15 years later i 'm still playing guitar and would highly recommend this book .
1	i found this book to be a confidence builder .
1	the large diagrams are very helpful and show the fingering positions without any guesswork .
1	far exceeds my expectations .
1	glad i did , works great and use the software often .
1	it works great with windows 10 and it ` s very user friendly too .
1	editing and cutting is a snap with audacity .
1	maybe i 'm missing something here .
1	audacityaudio recorder and editor is a very good choice : ) !
1	received in good condition .
1	it 's free at audacity web site and a newer version .
1	good recording software and easy to use .
1	no pop up ads makes it real nice for free .
1	we love this software !
1	still had to purchase that tho but price was fair .
1	highly recommended to all djs
1	nice violin for the price and for relatively novice violinist while learning .
1	strings are of poor quality .
1	i spent about $ 75 to replace all the strings .
1	the violin sound is rich and vibrant .
1	; starter music cds , a tuner , and a shoulder/chin rest .
1	this violin does not come with these previous mentioned items .
1	the pegs slipped a few times , but i expected that with new pegs .
1	a gentle push got them to stay in place .
1	the set includes all the parts that are listed in the description .
1	everything looks as i expected it to .
1	overall , i am very surprised and pleased with this violin !
1	edit : i 've had this violin for over a month now .
1	the strings have stretched many times due to the humid weather .
1	the violin itself produces a beautiful , bright sound .
1	still no discrepancies , and overall i am still pleased with this gift .
1	i will be using this as my go-to violin during my studying .
1	after over 6 months of reading i settled on the vif violin .
1	and i could not be more pleased .
1	and the craftsmanship was better than what i saw at my local music superstore .
1	no runs in the varnish .
1	the finger board was smooth and real ebony .
1	( not dyed hard wood like other violins in the same price range . )
1	the piffling is also real inlayed not panted on .
1	the bow was is much better than i expected .
1	( no warping or twisting like cheaper bows . )
1	the case ... it is nice but could be better .
1	( the only week spot in the set . )
1	a very good investment for the starter violinist of any age .
1	also comes with a `` certificate of authenticity '' .
1	this instrument is well worth the money .
1	i conducted listening tests and decided it was lackluster .
1	i ordered the k10 .
1	my ears were correct .
1	the srm 450 is just a good speaker , not great .
1	the mid-frequencies lacked detail which is something on my `` must have '' list .
1	the srm 450 was very loud and the hf driver had very good dispersion .
1	the lf driver was mediocre .
1	watts is not an issue here .
1	the qsc k8 , k10 , k12 all sound the same .
1	additional listing indicated the low end bass was tight with much less distortion .
1	power was ample and the speaker is very very loud .
1	just to compare everything i hooked up my klipsch 8 '' 2-way bookshelf speakers .
1	i do n't think klipsch makes pro audio speakers anymore .
1	too bad because they are great .
1	i use these home models at home and am very happy with them .
1	if all you need is lots of volume , either will work fine .
1	i have been using qsc k10s for close to a couple of years now .
1	i have thus far been thrilled with the significant sound improvement i have experienced .
1	the volume and clarity that these 10 '' speakers produce is truly impressive .
1	one thing that 's great about this 10 '' model is the throw .
1	i do n't want to downplay the bass response on these though .
1	signal routing is wildly flexible with the fantastic panel on the back .
1	just plug a mic , an instrument , and an ipod directly in .
1	ergonomics are well done too .
1	knobs and switches are not fancy but easy to operate .
1	carrying two at once is easy ( 32 lbs .
1	each ) and saves you a trip back to the car .
1	the build quality is solid .
1	after drying out , it did n't happen again .
1	i have more than once pushed my monitor too hard and reached this threshold .
1	the signal simply cuts out when the the speaker cone experiences too much travel .
1	once you readjust the levels , you 're back in business with no issue .
1	i like this speaker .
1	un-muddied left hand bass and crisp high notes .
1	i 'm hearing subtleties in my keyboard that i have n't heard before .
1	really helps prevent feedback from the condenser mics .
1	i just order another pair of this babes !
1	one of the best speakers on the market .
1	i 'm used to pretty high quality gear .
1	so i got these mostly because of the good reviews .
1	i 'm using this as a floor monitor ( not for audience mains ) .
1	as a monitor , this is great .
1	compact , light and very portable .
1	good sound quality and plenty loud .
1	great loudspeaker for home karaoke .
1	beautiful , crystal clear sound !
1	a bit more money then the competition but worth it .
1	i 'm now a qsc fanboy and proud of it .
1	this is an excellent karaoke speaker .
1	the bass is stronger than i expected .
1	best bang for the buck .
1	the best on earth , that 's all i can say .
1	-am a professional musician and band owner .
1	trust me they are the best on earth !
1	i own 2 of these , 2 ev elx 115p 's and 2 kw181 .
1	the 15 's are just to heavy and the handles suck .
1	these k10 's are fantastic .
1	specially with the totes .
1	the main reason i purchased for buying the k10 's .
1	weight , warranty and size !
1	the footprint of the k10 's are fantastic !
1	i bring up the other brands because given the price of these are higher .
1	try other sites and you might get a deal on these .
1	best powered speakers i have found .
1	superb sound and clarity .
1	solid construction and versatile .
1	everything stated in specs .
1	using for keyboard stage monitor .
1	clear , bright and powerful .
1	i lov it ! ! !
1	of sound i get with this speaker .
1	i would recommend the qsc case too .
1	the mini-mixer built in the qsc k10 is very handy too .
1	channel one accepts an xlr or 1/4 '' phone plug .
1	it has a switch that lets you select mic level or line level .
1	line level would be for a powered instrument such as a keyboard .
1	each channel has a volume control .
1	i really like this qsc k10 .
1	i am so happy with the speakers
1	i bought these offered in a special bundle on amazon .
1	they are in a class by themselves - really a top product .
1	i have pro speaker gear from jbl , mackie and cerwin vega .
1	what can i say -- -- they are the very best .
1	i am thinking about getting the k12 's .
1	excellent speaker for playing live acoustic music !
1	better than fishman sa200 or bose l1 in my opinion .
1	i bought this for my work .
1	we use it in our gymnasium for special events and music .
1	endied up buying another one for a different site .
1	it is awesome for vocals - rich and full , excellent clarity .
1	awesome for acoustic guitar and violin - very natural sounding .
1	very good for recorded music .
1	this thing is loud but still very clear .
1	if they were n't so expensive , i 'd have bought another one already .
1	i think i need a sub for the bass , though .
1	these are expensive but worth every penny .
1	i 'm an instructor and need something loud and bassy !
1	( which usually needs about 800-1100 watts . )
1	i have no complains.. might lighter than my previous pa speaker .
1	looking to pair this up with a sub woofer !
1	spend the money now for this unit .
1	then you wo n't need a dj for larger events .
1	( tho it is nice ! )
1	these speakers definitely have a decent sound .
1	i would pair them with the sub for the best sound .
1	i do have a couple of issues with my speakers though .
1	the shipping boxes are not the most protective .
1	hence , both grills had dents in them from shipping .
1	i do n't buy it since the other speaker 's fan is much quieter .
1	still i think the speakers are a good buy .
1	definitely blew my mind .
1	unbelievable power from such a compact unit .
1	way to go qsc .
1	you out did yourself with the kseries
1	i was too embarrassed to tell them the sub-base speaker was n't even working !
1	as a proud owner , this unit simply leaves the competition in the dust .
1	the unit exceeds my expectations .
1	qsc left nothing out .
1	the unit is superb .
1	i can only compare these with the yamaha dxr ( ? )
1	i own both , being a two keyboard household .
1	i prefer this one , but both sound great .
1	i could not be more pleased with the sound and energy from this speaker .
1	i just added the kw181 subwoofer and wow .
1	highly recommend this speaker setup !
1	i love my qsc k10 -- -this thing is amazing !
1	it 's baffling how well this 10 '' speaker can deliver quality sound .
1	it can handle multiple inputs incredibly well .
1	people will love the sound they put out .
1	the clarity is great , you will love them .
1	these are great speakers and i am very satisfied with their audio perfomance .
1	there is one thing that needs improving .
1	there needs to be a way to tighten the speakers to speaker poles .
1	this is a great speaker system .
1	after comparing three major brands . ( yamaha , jbl , qsc ) .
1	i think this is the top of the line .
1	i can recommend to anyone to buy this .
1	got this for my mil who loves wooden toys for her grandkids .
1	this has held up against the roughness of the kids .
1	our granddaughter loves this along with her book that is helping her to play .
1	my granddaughters both loved them .
1	grand daughter , age 9 , enjoys this product .
1	our 4-year-old twin boys love this instrument .
1	you wo n't be sorry with this purchase .
1	i bought this for my daughter .
1	she is really enjoying learning how to play it .
1	when it arrived it was in good condition and sounded good .
1	this is a great lap harp with nice sound .
1	the sound is beautiful , the strings are strong .
1	i would highly recommend this for an individual with simple musical talents .
1	you can see my books here on amazon .
1	just look for world of harmony music .
1	we bought this for our niece and our grandaughter .
1	every home should have musical instruments and this is a good coffee table item .
1	i did fine tune before giving however it was only a little bit .
1	a case would be a great addition .
1	but there 's probably only enough string to do that one more time .
1	that is the only problem we 've had .
1	i would still buy it again , we 've really liked it .
1	i was delighted to find it still available .
1	i used an online tuner , so no tuning knowledge is needed to play .
1	lovely to play , wonderful gift .
1	such a lovely instrument .
1	any age can play so long as they 're careful with it .
1	my six year old can use the music sheets just fine .
1	should have a electronic tuner to help keep it in tune .
1	i bought this as a gift .
1	it seems pretty nice , arrived out of tune .
1	the paper song sheets do n't seem to line up exactly with the strings .
1	very easy to play and sounds great .
1	love my lap harp .
1	i 've wanted one since i was a child .
1	now in my 50 's , i love the soothing sound this makes .
1	yes it will be out of tune .
1	only very small tightening is required to get it into tune .
1	once you tune it three times , it will stay that way .
1	sounds great for the price !
1	works and sounds great for what it is !
1	a nice quality for the price .
1	goes out of tune quickly , but most lap harps do .
1	but its a beautiful instrument visually and is a lot of fun to play .
1	wish it came with more songs though .
1	seems very solid so far .
1	this is such a fun , beautiful music maker !
1	my little children feel like pros because it 's so easy to play .
1	even my husband and i take our turns playing it regularly !
1	it arrived safely in a timely manner and sounded great to me .
1	we still have n't tuned it and it sounds great .
1	i bought this for my son for his 4th birthday .
1	i love this instrument and the music sheets that came with it .
1	i think it 's a wonderful introduction to instruments for him .
1	i do think it 's easy enough to re-tune though .
1	would recommend this product .
1	beautiful sound and well built .
1	i am so in love with this product .
1	it is well made but i believe the instrument is warped .
1	i returned it as it is frustrating to play it .
1	good , basic instrument .
1	very touchy ... can go out of tune easily but otherwise beautiful
1	the tones are rich .
1	beautiful sounding harp for a nice price .
1	i love this lap harp !
1	by the way , i tuned it by ear .
1	this harp sounds amazing and plays well .
1	i 've already played them all .
1	now , will be ordering more music sheets from amazon .
1	i 'm glad i bought this lap harp .
1	i am very happy with my purchase !
1	this came severely out of tune and took hours to get tuned .
1	a string even broke before we even got to play it !
1	great for all ages .
1	got it for my 11 year old daughter for christmas .
1	may want to order some extra picks .
1	we 've already lost several .
1	my granddaughter has been playing it since she got it .
1	great introduction to music !
1	a bit out of tine but i like it to fool around with .
1	it seems well made .
1	but not available i guess .
1	it was very out of tune when i got it .
1	but it was still very nice
1	kids love to see progress and not feel overwhelmed when learning new things .
1	we gave this to a friend 's daughter .
1	she loved it ( so did her 3 other siblings ) !
1	got it for my wife , very happy
1	plays beautifully out of the box without tuning !
1	i purchased this for my 5 yr.old granddaughter at the suggestion of her dad .
1	it include music and you can buy more songs as you progress in ability .
1	it has a beautiful sound too .
1	i plan to get another one next year for my grandson .
1	the children in my classroom enjoy playing this instrument .
1	i ca n't wait for my daughter to open this gift .
1	simply lovely to look at and listen to .
1	the sheet music is kind of haphazard to read .
1	and no key to explain musical marks i.e .
1	some notes are shaped differently from others and 2 numbers written under song titles .
1	in time for the holidays !
1	perfect for anybody ! ! ! !
1	price is very reasonable .
1	music sheets make it easy to play .
1	i suggest too getting an electronic tuner ! ! !
1	ez-tuner 8 works great .
1	get this- you will love it !
1	this was a great way for her to immediately play songs she could recognize .
1	easy and sounds really great !
1	this is a great lap harp for a young child .
1	the cards that come with the harp are easy to follow .
1	i use this in my job as an activity coordinator with alzheimer 's patients .
1	it 's great for sin-a-long when a piano is not available .
1	this is very simple to use and provides tons of satisfaction from playing music .
1	great for all ages .
1	my daughter has loved playing this lap harp .
1	it sounds great and the music is easy to follow and learn to play .
1	overall , my only complaint was that the instrument loses its intonation rather quickly .
1	that is my only reason for the 4 stars instead of 5 .
1	they both love them so much and have such a great time playing them .
1	nice lap harp with music that actually shows half/ full/quarter notes .
1	easy for a 7 year old to learn .
1	it 's a lot of fun , too .
1	an easy way to add lovely music to your life .
1	my kids 2-7 love it !
1	they all can play it easily .
1	enjoying this misic maker very much .
1	with out having much musical experience i can play very relaxing beautiful music .
1	it 's very calming .
1	it is very practical with no large investment .
1	very beautiful sounding and easy to tune with the debbie center yt video .
1	my grandchildren love this and have played it lots !
1	perfect way to get your 3 year old started in music .
1	son loved this for christmas .
1	i recommend this to everyone .
1	it was my favorite instrument when i was young .
1	purchased for a friend and she is delighted with the product .
1	my 8 year old daughter loves this .
1	it is a great gift for both boys and girls .
1	the kids really like to lay it .
1	this is fun , i am glad my husband could tune this .
1	excellent musical instrument for children and adults alike !
1	this is a lovely , simple instrument .
1	i bought it for my daughter for christmas .
1	she was playing it within minutes .
1	there are so many song sheets available , too !
1	my kids age 4 - 13 all love this .
1	tuning was tricky but not too .
1	i ordered this for my six year old granddaughter for christmas .
1	she was able to play all the songs that she already knew the melody .
1	it is a great way to introduce a young child to an instrument .
1	it gave her confidence that she could succeed .
1	the lap harp is lovely and very easy to play .
1	it was a little out of tune but easily adjusted .
1	everyone who picks this up loves it .
1	it sounds really cool for how easy it is !
1	i 've also enjoyed the humbling experience of tuning this thing .
1	hint : go slow .
1	got for 8 year old granddaughter .
1	she really enjoys it .
1	nice way to get grandkids interested in musical instruments .
1	my 8 year old granddaughter was very excited and started playing this right away
1	beautiful sound when its in tune ... grand daughter loved it !
1	excellent and easy to use introduction to playing music for children .
1	lots of fun for everyone !
1	my kids love this .
1	it is easy to play , sounds pleasant , and is very well made .
1	exactly what i wanted .
1	it was easy to tune following the instructions and using my piano .
1	great to give to grandchildren .
1	beautiful sound , easy to play .
1	wowzers ... this instrument is a little powerhouse in elegant body !
1	ordered this for my 8 year old granddaughter , and she was thrilled .
1	she had used one at school and wanted one for her birthday .
1	my granddaughter was thrilled with the harp .
1	comes out of tune super easy .
1	beautiful sound when in tune , though .
1	a lot of fun around a camp fire
1	this is a great little instrument for kids and adults alike .
1	my grandson likes this very much .
1	theis is a great beginner instrument .
1	not for a professional gig , but it 's playable .
1	one of the sheets describes which strings should be turned to which note .
1	try the tuners you can find on the app store .
1	this was one of my favorite purchases this past christmas .
1	it is very easy to use and sounds beautiful .
1	i do strongly believe that every household should have one of these harps .
1	the adults had as much fun playing as she did .
1	i would n't mind having my own .
1	purchased this for my 4year old grandson because he loves music !
1	it gave him a real boost to be instantly successful .
1	i bought this for my 6 year old daughter .
1	she loves this , as does everyone else in the family .
1	it 's so inconsequential to us that we have n't even tuned it yet .
1	it came with a pick , and extra string , and a tuning tool .
1	it is easy to play and store .
1	i purchased ours from magic cabin , but this is the same instrument .
1	it has been a real joy for all of us .
1	in fact , it 's no problem .
1	tighten them just a little bit .
1	just a little bit of timing and practice , you feel like a success .
1	rhythmical noise , but still just noise .
1	very easy to pick up and play immediately .
1	it would be nice if it came with more songs and a sturdier box/case .
1	17 year old plays this all of the time now .
1	the music it comes with are familiar songs .
1	my grandson will love it !
1	got this for a friends birthday .
1	she played it all day and her teen aged son borrowed it .
1	she has seen little of it since .
1	it is well made , actually quite pretty .
1	it is not a toy .
1	made in the u.s.a. try it you will like it .
1	she took to it immediately and played tunes with its cleverly noted papers .
1	we bought this as a gift for our granddaughter a year ago .
1	she absolutely loves it .
1	one of the strings finally broke last night and she is heartbroken .
1	i am shopping for new strings today .
1	liked the songs included with this harp
1	gave this as a gift to an 11 year old .
1	she has not put it down yet .
1	highly recommend for any age .
1	not to bad for a mass manufactured children instrument !
1	it does not stay in tune as well as i would hope for .
1	this is a wonderful instrument for playing around the house !
1	good for entertainment and learning all at the same time .
1	it is not a professional instrument but great for fun .
1	a present for my grandson .
1	he loves making music on his own .
1	and , it sounds good too .
1	he performs for us all at 8 years of age !
1	this is a great product .
1	it is easy and fun to play .
1	this is a cute little lap harp that is easy to play .
1	the directions are simple and easy to learn
1	gift for 6 year old granddaughter .
1	she loved being able to play tunes that she recognized right away .
1	she told me the other day that she plays it all the time .
1	unfortunately the local store sold out before i could buy one for her .
1	i bought this product used and it is difficult to tune .
1	the strings were warped and needed to be replaced .
1	the harp itself is heavy-duty and will stand up to use .
1	a new harp may have this corrected already .
1	the tuner is really hard to use .
1	it came out of tune but is fun to play .
1	a better tuner is needed .
1	also , better to have actual piano or tuner to get it pitch perfect .
1	i downloaded a free program on my ipad that helped us tune it !
1	a really cool instrument the whole family can play .
1	it arrived on time and ready for her to enjoy !
1	i purchaed two of these for christmas presents .
1	my 8- and 10-year old kids love playing on this .
1	tuning is a bit time consuming -- one small tweak changes the tone substantially .
1	a digital tuner is really helpful .
1	just look for world of harmony music .
1	that being said , sadly , they do always arrive out of tune .
1	i think they 're really sensitive to climate changes .
1	this took about a month to get to me .
1	then when i tried to play it , it was very out of tune .
1	adjoining strings sounded the same note .
1	they can tune it up and explain the notes .
1	it is two octaves in the key of g. it has a nice tone .
1	it comes from belarus , so it is like having a folk craft item .
1	the tone is very bright and ringing .
1	it is fun to play .
1	it comes in a box , which i would keep to keep it in .
1	it seems there is also a carrying bag available for this .
1	it is good quality and not too big or heavy .
1	hohner kids beginners harmonica was a great christmas gift .
1	i purchased this item for my 4 year old mildly autistic son .
1	just love to see this kid smile .
1	my 22 month old loves it !
1	nice sound , not obnoxious .
1	i got this harmonica for my daughter 's first birthday .
1	i tried to blow on her face as i was playing it .
1	we kept on trying , but she just did n't get it .
1	and one day ( couple of weeks later ) , she just got it !
1	i was probably more excited than she was .
1	first she played it so so gentle you could hardly hear it .
1	but now she loves it !
1	now they do have some minor down sides .
1	also the leather on the ear piece has been known to crack very quickly .
1	100 % worth the money .
1	not much more to add than has already been said .
1	great isolation with these -- that 's the most crucial to me .
1	and i 'm really impressed with the warm yet very present sound .
1	it does not matter weather or not you are a dj .
1	these headphones produce tremendously clear sound .
1	no matter what application you intend on using them for .
1	go get a pair you will not be disappointed .
1	over the years i have broken a lot of headphones .
1	this one by far is the best built set i have ever owned .
1	i play 2 to 3 times a week .
1	thursday and friday at ninfa 's and on saturday at the club .
1	not only are these sturdy but they sound like no other headset .
1	the 107 db sensitivity is outstanding .
1	my nine year daughter thinks there very comfortable .
1	out of all my head- phones .
1	there the most comfortable .
1	i 'm not sure what the other reviews are talking about .
1	there worth every penny .
1	the sony headphones are they best i have experienced before .
1	i recommend them to anyone who owns a music player of any kind .
1	sound , styling , performance , finally !
1	great for trance and house music dj 's !
1	my only problem with them is that the headband is rather uncomfortable .
1	i suggest you try them on and feel for yourself .
1	these headphones sounds great .
1	it driven by a 50mm drive unit , and massive 3000mwatts .
1	looks futuristic and its optimized for isolating outer ambient-noise .
1	they are very professional headphones , though they are very hard to get .
1	but if you see them , get them !
1	pros : great sound .
1	good for podcasting or dj application .
1	cons : kind of heavy .
1	cant really wear for too long .
1	value : good value .
1	they hold up well over time .
1	buy again : yes , for the applications i mentioned .
1	i wouldnt get them to be my only pair of headphones , however .
1	i was happy with it until it finally died mid last summer .
1	it lasted nine years which tells what a good product that sony had made .
1	i just love these headphones .
1	wish they were still made in japan .
1	can be a wee bit difficult changing the leather muffs but can be done .
1	best ever sony headphones ... sadly discontinued in favour of the overpriced mdr-1s
1	after 1 year , still going strong .
1	great sound ... you do n't need to spend more money with bose .
1	i 'm 51 old club jock , these are the best headphones .
1	anything can last if you take care of it .
1	i have had mine for over 10 years and still in mint condition .
1	because i take care of my s*** ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	my husband loves this !
1	he tried purchasing a different model and that did n't seem to please him .
1	the newer models have smaller drivers and less freq .
1	ear cups are more comfortable than ever now and less itchy .
1	use them for pro studio use with headphone amps and they crank .
1	good service , good item !
1	i always order these .
1	they seem to last longer for me than they do for other people .
1	maybe it 's in the care , i do n't know .
1	i keep using these and they never fail me .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	got a pair of these years ago .
1	surprisingly they lasted me about 3 years until the cord finally gave in .
1	great for djing or listening to music in general .
1	awesome sound and cancels out any noise other than the music your listening to .
1	other than that , it 's a good buy .
1	great true sound quality .
1	have used these style headphones for over 20 years in recording sessions .
1	as with most `` sony '' products , they last and perform as expected .
1	all of them at least started to crack or completely came off .
1	-ear pads start to deteriorate fairly quickly .
1	i 'm sure you can find replacements .
1	-price has skyrocketed , at least here on amazon .
1	excellent bass response and comfortable fit .
1	although a discontinued item , it is my most coveted pair of headphones .
1	loved the sound but they started showing signs of cracking .
1	was expecting to happen but always sucks when it finally falls apart .
1	great isolation , and sound was very good .
1	they still sound good though if i hold them to my head though lol .
1	i bought a pair at a box store at least 7 years ago .
1	i think there great .
1	my sister is a professional dj .
1	she can not use any other headphones .
1	perfect lows and highs .
1	they look great and work great .
1	i was very worried i would n't be able to find these anymore .
1	guitar center said they stopped making them .
1	ca n't beat it .
1	i have long since let mine go , but i regret it everyday .
1	good luck , and keep on the beat !
1	i picked these up for about $ 93 a couple years back .
1	ca n't believe how the price fluctuated ( something i missed maybe ? )
1	anyways , these things can jam !
1	sound quality is superb and unchallenged , especially when compared to dre 's beats .
1	i just love music .
1	i have used the top of the line pioneers , not a fan .
1	but the 350 -400 dollar price is crazy .
1	they use to go for 120 until they were discontinued .
1	so basically someone ripping you off to the max , what a greedy scumbag .
1	but hey you if you got money to burn , do it .
1	my did break after 5 years of heavy use .
1	where the headband and the earphones meet .
1	had to but gorilla glue on them and now are just fine .
1	i bought these back in 2010 and never get sick of them !
1	can crank them up full blast without 0 distortion !
1	they make everything and anything sound so much better !
1	mids and highs are very clear .
1	bass is great too .
1	very pleased with this purchase and the price point is right on .
1	i 've been buying these for over 10 years now .
1	this is my third pair .
1	no , they are not crappy .
1	a product can only make it so far .
1	i do n't baby my stuff .
1	having said all that , i have no regrets .
1	i will continue to buy this headset even when the next ones break .
1	great for gaming , music is fricken ' awesome .
1	i expect these to last me forever .
1	these headphones are reasonably priced and have very little wear .
1	kind of bulky and fagile so be very careful with the cord .
1	i highly recommend for a djs !
1	i got a pair of these in mid-2011 .
1	my main complaint is this .
1	when i bought mine , the total was $ 91 , including shipping .
1	at $ 75 they were a great deal .
1	at $ 275 , it 's highway robbery .
1	best dj phones for the price !
1	had mine for over a year and they have n't broken !
1	quality is good and sound is great !
1	i would strongly recommend any dj or producer to buy these .
1	do not however buy these if your are looking for mastering cans !
1	plus , they achieve this without making your ears feel uncomfortable .
1	overall , great product for recording/mixing or general listening purposes .
1	these are probably the best headphones i have ever bought in my life .
1	where they do n't stand up though , is durability .
1	expect them to break , and to be very sad when they break .
1	they 'd be a lot nicer if they were n't made out of plastic .
1	i was just beside myself .
1	i was so happy to find the exact pair on amazon !
1	these are truly excellent headphones for itunes , my homework and movies .
1	sony deff made a good job on this one .
1	i 've owned these headphones for 8 years and they truly never fail me .
1	i have coworkers who have bought the noise cancelling bose headphones .
1	all he heard was the movie .
1	my headphones now have a cloth ear pad that is actually more comfortable .
1	( as long as you take care of them ! )
1	really good set of cans ... very good overall ... all genres .
1	these things need power to perform at there best , amp hungry .
1	they are very neutral phones , sounding quite even in the whole register .
1	they have the sennheiser 202 which are very close to the 505 's .
1	definitely not for casual listening and definitely not for all genres of music .
1	i expect some wear and tear after that many years of use .
1	the sound however remains superb .
1	clear , bassy , and loud .
1	i have to give these headphones 5 stars despite the physical design flaw .
1	these are truly a beast of studio headphones .
1	i will buy these again if this pair ever goes bad !
1	phonologically , i ca n't tell the difference .
1	i have owned two sets of these headphones .
1	i broke the first one after about 4 years of usage .
1	the sound quality is simply awesome .
1	nice sound , not canned , not over rumbling .
1	i would give 5 star rating , with one exception .
1	the headphone has no volume adjustment .
1	i do not know how this happened .
1	this is my first such an experience with amazon .
1	may be i should approach amazon .
1	i was very pleased with how perfect they sounded plug into an ipod .
1	i took them on every convoy .
1	i 'll never buy any other head phone .
1	my husband loves these .
1	he is a dj and uses them often .
1	they are great quality and price !
1	very satisfied with purchase .
1	so i ordered one for myself and one for my friend .
1	the products arrived in good condition .
1	this is fine during music but too annoying to me during movies .
1	i have a good sized head ( ! )
1	and there is no play when the headphone sits on my head .
1	it is having a very good fit .
1	have n't seen others writing about this .
1	can anyone share their opinion ?
1	this is the second pair of these headphones i have bought .
1	it also has a killer base and u hear the song so clear .
1	sturdiness=10 strong and solid .
1	been a working deejay for 15 years .
1	the v700 has been a work horse for me .
1	i have two pairs that i keep in separate cities that i play in .
1	nope , tried them on , and they worked just fine .
1	i understand sony has since strengthened that swivel area .
1	i never had anymore major issues after that .
1	these headphones are great .
1	just baby them like you normally would something this expensive .
1	the best headphones out there under $ 200 .
1	( and i got mine for $ 60 as a refurb , haha ! )
1	i could n't disagree more .
1	i hate dance , rap and anyting to do with a club or dj .
1	these phones are excellent for rock or anything i 've tested them on .
1	you really ca n't go wrong with these .
1	the sound quality of these is astounding .
1	do n't believe the negative rants ... .
1	i have bought a total of 4 pair of theses headphones so far .
1	this is the best out there .
1	so far the best .
1	my final point is directed to anyone considering purchasing these headphones for non-dj use .
1	these are not for you .
1	what can i say about these headphones ?
1	the fact that the cord stretches 10ft .
1	which brings me to another topic .
1	sure they sound less lively and sq downgraded , it still sounded pretty good .
1	other than that i would still recommend these .
1	still intact no sign of wear and tear .
1	love the fold up design .
1	glad to see they are still making these .
1	i was very happy to find the exact same pair on amazon .
1	they are a sound purchase .
1	got these after researching a lot of headphones .
1	these headphones are great for a dj .
1	i love these bad boys !
1	these headphone are really good .
1	this headsets retails from sony for $ 149.99 which is not bad at all .
1	the fact you can get em cheaper here is simply a plus .
1	the overall construction is pretty solid .
1	they are plastic but seem to be pretty heavy duty .
1	you will hear sounds that you did n't know exsisted before .
1	i 'm not making that up either .
1	i purchased mine back in 2003 from amazon .
1	i still have them and use them , although not as often .
1	they are amazing ! ! ! ! !
1	i paid $ 150 at the time and now they are practically free .
1	i highly recommend them .
1	i bought these headphones after alot of research .
1	what more could you ask for ?
1	that 's all i could ask .
1	the headphones also work flawlessly with my lenovo laptop computer 's headphone jack .
1	the noise isolation is pretty good , just not perfect .
1	great headphones , especially for the price .
1	probably not the headphones ' fault though .
1	sound quality is dead on .
1	overall , this product is good .
1	only thing i do n't like about is the construction .
1	i read many feedbacks about how easily the hinge can break .
1	but the sound quality is worth it !
1	great headphones , great sound while they worked .
1	long story short ... good headphones , great value .
1	also the seller was as advertised .
1	new was new and the item arrived on time in perfect condition as advertised .
1	for the price you ca n't beat it .
1	nice and comfortable , really loud with good punch .
1	i am more then happy with these headphones .
1	i highly recommend this product .
1	thats why i am here buying another pair .
1	i decided to try these headphones after reading the reviews on it .
1	i was on a budget , but i wanted quality .
1	the bass is unreal .
1	however , i would not recommend these for casual music listeners .
1	i bought this headphone five years ago here at amazon.com .
1	it is still alive and working .
1	i love this headphones ! !
1	they do last long !
1	this is my second pair of sony mdr-700dj 's .
1	i was impressed with the sound but could only use them at home .
1	i am very much pleased the second time around with my mdr-700 's !
1	they could be a little more comfortable , especially when i 'm wearing glasses .
1	they fold up to be fairly compact for the style head phones they are .
1	it comes with a 1/4 '' adapter that screws on , great feature ! !
1	it ensures a better connection than the typical adapter .
1	i will keep it simple folks !
1	i bought them , i tried them , i love 'em !
1	very versatile so far !
1	i 'm no sound expert , but i know what i like !
1	and these sony 's are great !
1	shipping was fast and my phones were in mint condition upon arrival !
1	i researched several different types and brands before i bought this pair .
1	the headphones clamp onto your head gently but make a good seal .
1	i am very pleased with my purchase .
1	sound quality is amazing .
1	one of the best places to find these fakes ?
1	i have been there and done that .
1	the best way to tell ?
1	the fakes are very uncomfortable , and break very easily .
1	the real sony version is amazing !
1	i 've had these headphones for almost 10 years and they worked great .
1	used on many gigs , sessions , and just normal music listening .
1	other than that , great headphones for under $ 100 .
1	i sometimes have to dj events .
1	if you 're a bass hound just sick with these sonys .
1	they are quite comfortable too !
1	use caution when buying these headphones used or on ebay .
1	they are durable , and imo of very high quality .
1	these headphones have been an industry standard for years .
1	sound quality is great , and so is the comfort .
1	note that these will break where the ear cups pivot , or the elbow .
1	i still love them though .
1	the clarity is excellent .
1	purchase an extended warranty if possible .
1	to keep a long story short , these headphones are super reliable .
1	if it says sony , then it 's usually good .
1	this holds true here .
1	they have rugged construction and cancel all outside noise when worn .
1	they also sound great .
1	i 've seen many dj 's rockin these headphones with their gear .
1	you just ca n't go wrong for the price .
1	i have owned a pair of sony mdr-v700 for ten years .
1	i bought them when i was a freshman in high school .
1	these headphones are the most glorious piece of electronic equipment i have ever owned .
1	you can hear everything ! ''
1	however , i am looking for a new pair of headphones .
1	this is my second pair of these dj headphones .
1	i 'm now a believer and i will be getting my pair soon .
1	these head phones are amazing quality .
1	this is the only problem i have with these headphones .
1	when i bought these they cost the o.g .
1	price and were $ 180 .
1	well needless to say i never had any problems with them ever .
1	the sound was nasty , bass deep and they killed anythin i ever played .
1	i loved plugging these in and bangin .
1	there is no distortion ever .
1	for some reason , this page exists .
1	just buy through amazon and save the money .
1	nicest headphones i 've ever had so far .
1	but honestly u do n't need it lol .
1	so far i am very impressed with this mic .
1	especially when you consider the price tag .
1	high value to price ratio .
1	with this mic i can plug it directly in to my korg prx4 .
1	i would highly recommend it to others for this purpose .
1	the casing of the unit is rugged .
1	i have been able to record everything from street musicians to dave bruebeck concerts .
1	most people are not happy in this situation .
1	overall , worth every penny .
1	perhaps there is a modification out there to improve the output gain .
1	i think it cost me about $ 6 , if that .
1	i brought this microphone to record violin playing .
1	the result was amazingly well .
1	sony does make a professional microphone with similar technology .
1	the difference between that one and this one is the connector .
1	for this consumer product , they purposely made it not xlr .
1	the simlar microphone with xlr connector sold over $ 200 each .
1	the other reviewers wrote some great info about this microphone .
1	some drawbacks are the relatively bulkyness of this unit as compared to others .
1	this microphone is very compatible with many different devices .
1	md is the best though .
1	not every md player has the appropriate mic jack .
1	double check the technical documentation to make sure .
1	do n't be fooled !
1	very few md `` recorders '' actually record with a microphone !
1	there is no sensitivity switch .
1	also an mp3 player that allows digital recording comes in really handy .
1	i use the ms-ms907 microphone on a weekly basis .
1	it operates on a single aa battery and is highly efficient with energy consumption .
1	i would recommend investing in either a minidisc recorder or a mp3 recorder .
1	the ear cushion covers my whole ear fits snug so it drowns outside noise .
1	all in all nice headset .
1	well worth the money !
1	thats how much i liked them .
1	the noise cancellation is awesome .
1	the seller had them at a price i could afford .
1	the purchase was easy with no problems .
1	first off these headphones have the same sound technology as the sony professional headphones !
1	the only difference is that these have a dj style .
1	i also enjoy the slinky/coil type of cord .
1	i enjoy the headphones very much !
1	i 'm a professional dj , and i 've been using my mdr .
1	4700dj for almost ten years .
1	they 're the best dj monitor headphones i 've owned .
1	the sound is great , and the construction is definitely solid .
1	i purchased these for my husband two years ago .
1	he has absolutely loved them and has completely enjoyed them .
1	yesterday they broke and before purchasing another pair here , i checked the reviews .
1	so ... if you have bought these and they broke , contact sony .
1	it seems that there may be a manufacturing issue here .
1	otherwise they are great and i just ordered a new pair .
1	hope these last longer .
1	i 've tried a lot of headphones and earbuds over the years .
1	i returned four different pairs of various brands before i bought these sonys .
1	i 've had mine for over two years and they are in pristine condition .
1	i have a small head and they are heavy though .
1	they hurt my head/ears after a good 25 minutes .
1	the pads have been deteriorating from extensive use .
1	you really get what you pay for .
1	so if you 're rich go ahead get the mdr7509hd .
1	these one 's are good for me ...
1	i recently purchased these headphones to replace a 139.00 set of bose headphones .
1	these headphones blow the bose ones away .
1	years ago i owned a set of the sony mdr-5000 yet lost them somewhere .
1	anyway , i was attracted to the bose because of the name , etc .
1	the sonys are the exact oppositte .
1	they are built solid and exactly what i needed .
1	you will not be sorry if you do the same .
1	okay , okay , i caught your attention .
1	the recordings are unparalleled .
1	highly recommend this unit .
1	i also used it with my outdoor drum circle .
1	buy it ! ! !
1	i put them on soundcloud and everyone remarks on how amazing they sound .
1	great mic , ca n't say enough about it .
1	i do n't think the sound quality is so impressive .
1	it is a little too small .
1	the wire is thin .
1	not so easy to change battery .
1	i 've got many great recordings from it .
1	sound quality is very good overall .
1	... and still going strong .
1	i love these headphones .
1	i 've traveled with them a lot .
1	i 'll buy another pair when these expire .
1	okay , now the flaws .
1	the two earphones want to be touching one another .
1	a friend who has these headphones has described them as `` head clamps . ''
1	i have always put up with this flaw , however .
1	the sound is held in very well , which is optimal .
1	they lasted that long .
1	i have never had a set of headphones last that long before .
1	do n't let this flaw scare you out of buying these headphones .
1	if you start to notice the plastic cracking , you 're in for trouble .
1	this purchase was well worth my money and another great purchase from amazon .
1	they are used on a daily basis and abused from time to time .
1	never once have i had a complaint about these .
1	great sound and great build , do n't hesitate to purchase .
1	thus far i have no complaints .
1	also the price is about $ 50 more expensive .
1	the sony are rated at 3000mw and the pioneer at 3500mw .
1	the frequency response is the same so no competition there .
1	also still in one piece ( no cracks or breaks ) .
1	you ca n't beat the sound quality for the price .
1	i 've used this mic for recording v.o .
1	for film and also lyric tracks for music .
1	for the money you ca n't beat the quailty
1	have to quibble though with the word 'digital ' in the description .
1	there is nothing digital about this microphone and that 's just fine with me .
1	the stereo separation is nice , not too much and not too little .
1	the fidelity is amazing for the price .
1	the sound is crisp and clear , the fidelity and quality are superb .
1	this microphone is ideal to record life acoustic performances , ex .
1	recitals , operas , symphony concerts etc .
1	it is excellent for live performances in concert halls etc .
1	well worth the money .
1	it 's stereo , which most mics like this are n't .
1	sound quality is good and it uses a aa battery .
1	i like it and use it regularly to video interviews and comments from folks .
1	i recv 'd the mic in a reasonable amt of time .
1	it is easy to use .
1	i think it performs as expected .
1	the mic puts out a low signal .
1	i have n't tried it for vocals .
1	external audio interfaces run on firewire and usb2.0 and start at about $ 30 .
1	not a warm-sounding mic but nice to have and not expensive .
1	seems very durable and of course it 's quite compact .
1	because you wo n't need headphones !
1	sony usually makes some fine product , and these headphones do n't disappoint .
1	these are amazing headphones .
1	great bass , great sound , and they get realy loud .
1	i love these head phones .
1	only issues with them is that durability is not that great , handle carefully .
1	hi 's and lows coming clear and sweet .
1	these headphones have great bass as well as clear highs .
1	they seem much more balanced than many of the reviews make them seem .
1	no durability issues either so far .
1	well i decided to go with this one because it was more powerful .
1	gaming is amazing with these .
1	i regularly walk around in these .
1	bought this after it was recommended to me on the soundslides board .
1	i use it with my edirol r-09 hr to record audio for photo slideshows .
1	to hear a sample of it , click on the slideshow here .
1	for the extra 15 bucks , the sony ms907 is easily worth the upgrade .
1	i purchased this microphone to use with our canon video camera .
1	i film concerts w/ a cammie that has an external mic output .
1	this microphone has given me excellent results .
1	very , very clear sound .
1	have never gotten any hissing or cackling .
1	does a very good job at filtering out excess noise ( i.e .
1	people around you ) , and picks up the sounds of a concert well .
1	you can also adjust how the mic picks up the audio .
1	a very good microphone , i highly recommend this item .
1	it makes all the difference .
1	my son had one that he used with a creative labs nomad jukebox iii .
1	they all love the recording quality .
1	that 's tough to do , get them all to agree on a mic .
1	it 's traveled around a lot and holds up very well .
1	i 'm a professional piano technician and part-time musician .
1	this is a good general use mic .
1	it is not a pro level mic .
1	for decent portable recording this stereo directional microphone can not be beat .
1	it has two directionality settings of 90 and 120 degrees .
1	i get many compliments about my recordings .
1	that might be the only negative .
1	it also comes with a voice/wind cover to muffle air noise .
1	this headphone was recommended to me by a sound engineer .
1	i thought : he 's talking of my situation ! !
1	after that i decided to buy them .
1	five star for this headphone considering it 's intended for dj'ing .
1	i can tell you , these headphones kick a** in style !
1	sony takes pride in themselves whenever they release a product .
1	sony has them labeled as professional dj headphones .
1	take care and ... . will somebody turn that d***n music down ?
1	great headphones for the money and they look great too !
1	a very delightful and wonderful product !
1	comfortable to wear with high quality music .
1	these matched with the cowon d2 is simply crazy .
1	otherwise phones are great .
1	i 'm not a dj , but i do love music !
1	these headphones make everything sound better !
1	sounds that i 've never heard in songs are apparent with these !
1	i bought these headphones for there great specs which they live up to .
1	the bass is big , deep , and roomy .
1	even with the remarkable bass there is excellent imaging in the midrange and treble .
1	the bass does n't overpower the rest of the frequency range .
1	the 7506 's just seem a tad more accurate .
1	i have no long term use with either .
1	so i will defer to others as far as long term durability .
1	i 've had the same pair for two years straight .
1	if you 're a dj , the single cup function is great .
1	in my opinion , these are the best headphones ever ! !
1	i had to buy headphones for three reasons .
1	1. i live in an apartment that is n't `` noise '' friendly .
1	yet when the bass came into the song there was none .
1	2. when watching movies at home the 1/4 jack packs extra punch .
1	so when action sequences start i want to hear them .
1	stylish and i got mine for a great price on here .
1	i 'm more than happy with my decision .
1	these headphones are a must buy .
1	they are very comfortable and have really good sound .
1	i would recommend these headphones to anyone .
1	overall , these headphones are a great purchase and i will buy these again .
1	do n't block out much noise , but work well in most situations .
1	man , it 's a good mike !
1	i use this very affordable digital stereo microphone for recording trainings .
1	battery life is good , and sound quality is excellent .
1	this mic picks up little background noise .
1	as most mics do , it offers a close-range mode and extended range mode .
1	i love the fact that it is simple to use .
1	there is no learning curve here .
1	out of the box and ready to go .
1	this little mic is amazing .
1	i would have paid twice as much as i did .
1	way to go , sony !
1	i am very pleased with the performance of this microphone .
1	the clarity and the depth of sound is terrific .
1	the microphone , with its two different stereo angle options , offers great flexibility .
1	this is a great microphone .
1	it has great sound when used with my sony mz-rh1-hi-md field recorder .
1	it picked up conversations in a large conference room during a presentation .
1	i was amazed that it picked up relatively quiet conversations from very far away .
1	all that was necessary was to turn up the volume when i play back .
1	so i will be able to normalize this with audio software .
1	i look forward to further use .
1	i am happy with the mic though .
1	still much better than if i use the mic on the camera .
1	this is the best sounding microphone for the price .
1	i think i paid around $ 60 for it .
1	beautiful sounding mic , very natural quality .
1	sound quality is good to excellent .
1	it picks up foreground and background sounds well .
1	great price for sony product .
1	this has been a wonderful microphone for me .
1	they told me this was the microphone she used , and i bought it .
1	low profile is the name they give it .
1	i love this little microphone .
1	it works considerably well with my md recorder .
1	so this mic is just perfect .
1	i call it my `` mini-studio in a bag '' .
1	and for reference the md recorder i am using is a hi-md sony mz-m100 .
1	nothing compares.congrats sony ! !
1	you have come up with another winner .
1	i have had great results so far and highly recommend this product !
1	this is a really good microphone !
1	seeing is believing , so try it !
1	the unit seems to be a cost-effective solution for my kind of use .
1	i just purchased the sonys and i 'm excited to share the experience .
1	comfort : the 700s are all-day comfortable .
1	the earcups fit around your ears , so there is no annoying pressure there .
1	they 're attractively designed , too ... with a professional style .
1	sound quality : like i said earlier , sony has worked magic here .
1	but they do n't stop there ... the mids and highs are equally well-produced .
1	but they sound so good ... you wan na keep cranking the volume !
1	buy them ... you will not regret it !
1	i bought these headphones 3 years ago ! !
1	i use them for everything , movies , music , and games .
1	the sound quality is amazing , it feels like the sound is live .
1	as far as audio quality and aesthetics , these head phones are awesome .
1	i use them mostly for music and some fps gaming .
1	standard dj headphones , great for everyday applications and dj'ing .
1	not great for noise canceling at all .
1	the cord can stretch for miles though without any stress on the wiring .
1	can handle very loud applications with almost no distortion .
1	i mean , they are industry standard amongst global dj 's ...
1	i use these headphones for two to three hours a day .
1	i absolutely love the clarity of sound they provide , very rich sound .
1	i 'm very happy with that .
1	they are the `` kobe bryant '' of headphones.. all around greatness !
1	i was looking for an upgrade from my tinny sounding jvcs .
1	my only complaint is as one other reviewer mentioned , the comfort .
1	after a little while the phones become painful around the ears .
1	this may be due to the weight or the design .
1	the sony mdr-v700dj monitor series headphones are awesome .
1	i had a pair and they were stolen .
1	i am in the radio business and recommend these highly .
1	great sound and clarity .
1	this is definitely a good buy .
1	the sound is clear and loud , perfect for any mp3 player .
1	it is also very comfortable .
1	its a bit pricey , but well worth it .
1	also , the wire for the headphone is extremely long .
1	sounds good , worth the money .
1	but really uncomfortable , hurting my ears after 1 hour of using .
1	the product itself is very durable .
1	i love these headphones , there so comfortable and the sound quality great .
1	this headphones are for dj remix use .
1	so you hear what the mixer is intended to mix .
1	i use these headphones for cds that utilize binaural beats .
1	additionally , they are very comfortable .
1	they most certainly meet my needs .
1	sound great , whether using them with his ipod or on my computer .
1	love the long coiled cable and professional design .
1	would recommend to all .
1	stuff breaks , this is a fact of life .
1	expecting them to last a lifetime because of the pricetag is simply naive .
1	they are time tested and proven .
1	the sound is top notch and immersive -- the bass is tight and deep .
1	in the looks department , you ca n't go wrong with the sony mdr-700 .
1	the folding capability is also nice for portability .
1	i believe the term is : buy nice or buy twice .
1	so i got them and am very pleased .
1	they sound quality is great .
1	rich , deep bass and comfortable ear cups make these a joy to use .
1	the folding feature is also very useful .
1	these are my favorite headphones for listening to opera .
1	the sound is clear and present , full-bodied and rich .
1	mine broke at the ear cup hinge .
1	just be alert to the shoddy workmanship .
1	i have had these headphones for more almost 2 years now .
1	yes i agree they are not built that solid .
1	i have also experienced no problems whatsoever with the ear cups/padding .
1	maybe i just got lucky !
1	these are great headphones .
1	the headphones are very comfortable ... to a degree .
1	they 're a bit heavy but eventually you get used to it .
1	the problem is what everyone says is the problem .
1	all in all , worth getting but beware of that ear issue .
1	i mean , what else can i ask for ?
1	i love these headphones , as well as the mdr-v600 headphones .
1	just an idea , but try using sanitary headphone covers on all your headphones .
1	i believe you can buy a bag of 100 on-line for about $ 18.00 .
1	it 's definitely worth protecting these wonderful headphones .
1	these headphones pound ! ! !
1	you can feel the bass if you know what i mean .
1	crisp , clear highs and no distortion at high volumes .
1	the ear cups could be slightly larger .
1	if you love bass and superb audio quality , these babies are for you .
1	the sony mdr-v700 's have all around good sound and deep bass .
1	i highly recommend these headphones ...
1	i 've had mine for 4 years now and they 've been fabulous !
1	we probably have 25 pair and they all work great .
1	buyer beware these are heavily bootlegged on the internet .
1	make sure the word `` sony '' appears on the jack connector cover .
1	otherwise its very difficult to tell if they are the real deal !
1	if you love mixing it deliver clear sounds , bass is very distinctive .
1	i just bought my second pair .
1	it looks like the build quality is about the same as it was before .
1	there are a few problems with them , however .
1	i am very happy with these headphones .
1	i 've had these headphones for years .
1	i use them for listening to music as well as for creating electronic music .
1	they sound great with any device and can get quite loud if needed .
1	some might prefer to have a detachable cord but it has never bothered me .
1	after 45 min or so they began to hurt my ears .
1	overall for true professional dj work they are great and highly recommended .
1	they stay comfortable despite what some say .
1	exceelent quality in sound though be careful cause they look quite fragile .
1	100 % worth the 90 $ i paid for them .
1	- they can take way more volume than you can likely handle without distortion .
1	- they totally block out outside noise .
1	at a coffee shop , no one can tell your music is outrageously loud .
1	- intense rich bass .
1	definitely the way to go .
1	i have owned my pair for over five years .
1	a friend of mine got his pair soon after i got mine .
1	they are n't the most comfortable headphones around , but they 're just fine .
1	i shopped for months before i decided on these .
1	i am no audiophile but the sound quality is really nice .
1	but a five minute break fixes that .
1	great bass ... very comfortable even after hours and hours of listening .
1	i use them for my studio work .
1	would make the same purchase again !
1	i just purchased my second pair after neglecting to maintain my old pair .
1	highly recommend these even for those of you who are n't djs .
1	these are perfect for drowning out the sound of my coworkers at my desk .
1	it 's an experience , these are .
1	i 've owned 5 pair of these headphones in 8 years .
1	their redeeming quality is the sound , which is nothing short of amazing .
1	the first time i tried these on , i was hooked .
1	the audio quality is top shelf .
1	i 'm using my wife 's mdr-v500s until i can find a suitable replacement .
1	i have been using mdr-v700 headphones for several years .
1	they are great for both studio production and nightclub work .
1	just like new and for a great price .
1	for the price you are really getting something nice .
1	pros looks awesome , which is one of the main reasons i bought them .
1	they have terrific sound , and the closed cups ensures very good isolation .
1	you can pretty much hear them pound your head .
1	they look really good though , so i give them top marks in style .
1	they sound great in that environment without requiring another power source .
1	this is my second pair of mdr-700 that i bought .
1	the sound of the sony headphones are like nothing i have ever heard before .
1	it sounds amazing ! ! ! !
1	i recomend all dj 's to get this item .
1	thank you amazon.com ~dj shant~
1	i use this mdr-v700dj and they 're excellent .
1	the sound is excellent and so noise cancelling .
1	there exist better headphones , but *more* expensive .
1	i 've seen myself many djs using them .
1	they do actually cancel out some noise because they cup your ear so well .
1	they cups fit nicely and are extremely comfortable .
1	they are very well designed and feel quite strong .
1	definately worth the cash !
1	these sound awesome , and i am not a dj .
1	i was just looking for some old fashioned , ear thumping headphones .
1	my first pair was the mdr-v150 .
1	these headphones are a huge step up from the v150 .
1	i would highly recomend to anyone looking for a nice pair of headphones .
1	the design is by far the best part of these headphones .
1	they still work great and have gone through mild abuse .
1	if you love bass , these probably ca n't be beat .
1	another reviewer said they are like instant subwoofers and it 's true .
1	they even move if your bass is beating hard enough .
1	the tips of my ears get red and hot .
1	that is the only reason i 'm in the market for a new pair .
1	alright , bought these headphones a few months ago .
1	the bass is awsome ! !
1	pros : -bass -highs and mids -confortable cons : -very delicate .
1	this are the best headphones i 've ever heard .
1	they compare to the $ 500 and $ 600 sets .
1	they came packaged great and arrived on time .
1	i was little scared buying this product from amazon .
1	its hard to trust places you 've never bought from .
1	but , my product turned out better then i expected .
1	it showed up on time and was packaged with care .
1	i will buy from amazon again .
1	this new headset from sony is the best i 've ever heard .
1	the spacial clarity is excellent .
1	without a doubt , these headphones are the s -- t !
1	the earcups seal my ears so that i can concentrate on my mix .
1	i get both awesome bass and highs .
1	it 's that simple !
1	if you 're a pro dj , you ca n't go wrong with these .
1	everytime i buy any product i search for price first .
1	additionaly , delivery was perfect , earlier than offered .
1	i 'm not a dj at all .
1	i wanted sometihing that would block out everything that my parents had to say .
1	so i went with these .
1	these headphones are awesome and i do like them a lot .
1	these are easily the most powerful headphones i 've ever owned .
1	the frequency range is absolutely stellar .
1	they 're for anyone that loves good sounding music .
1	these headphones are fantastic !
1	they are extremely comfortable and easy to use .
1	comes with nice white case and they fold farely easily .
1	the sound is spectacular , giving impressive bass !
1	amazon.com shipped them frightenly fast .
1	i ordered them and the next day they came ! !
1	i 've had my headphones for 3 years .
1	i 'm an amature dj and could only recommend these for dj use .
1	face it , it 's plastic and it can break .
1	and it 's not the best design for durability .
1	but it 's not gon na happen to everybody .
1	2nd , they 're not designed for audiophile sound quality at moderate volumes .
1	so stay away from ipods .
1	they 're just not gon na drive these headphones really well .
1	it 's not gon na happen .
1	like i said , these are specifically designed for dj 's .
1	very transparent and smooth lows .
1	a lot of it is going to depend on the sensitivity of the drivers .
1	these headphones are perfect for me .
1	also the high pitches come in loud and clear through these headphones .
1	my only issue with these headphones is the fact that they are so powerful .
1	especially when using them for dj'ing .
1	i also partially lost hearing in one ear for a few days .
1	other than that , i have no issue with these headphones .
1	highs and midtones are well represented .
1	however , for pure sound , i preferred the sony 's by far .
1	so my bottom line ?
1	pros : 1 ) sound - my favorite sounding pair to date by far !
1	these headphones are candy for the ears .
1	they will not let you down and are worth every penny paid .
1	i really enjoy my pair of these headphones .
1	they deliver top notch sound with killer bass .
1	they can at times be uncomfortable after extended listening periods .
1	i 've had mine for about 7 months and use them almost every day .
1	it 's been with me for over ten years !
1	now , i will use them with care .
1	but after around 3 years of use , the swivels broke .
1	both left and right joints are cracking after approximately three years of moderate use .
1	luckily , it is still functional even with the cracks .
1	i just wish that it would last just a bit longer .
1	this headphones gives you excellent sound !
1	and please do note that this is not a trivial fact .
1	everything in them is designed to suit this purpose , and no other .
1	i 've tested them in indoor and outdoor parties and they are invincible .
1	they are way to bassy in their overall delivery of sound .
1	for home/portable use , i strongly recommend the sony 7506s .
1	every situation has its best headphones .
1	djing : 700s - audiophilia : 7506s
1	you should know a couple things before you read this review .
1	one , i 'm not a dj and most likely never will be .
1	i 'm just a 15-year-old kid who likes his hip-hop .
1	also , i 've never owned really high-quality headphones until now .
1	before , all i had was the $ 20 behing-the-neck kind .
1	so the obvious question is , is it worth this much money ?
1	i got these as a christmas gift , but i knew the price .
1	you get a more full sound with these than with cheaper kinds .
1	it 's clearer and richer .
1	these are n't amazing changes , but they are definite improvements .
1	but the biggest change , of course , is the bass .
1	you do n't just hear the bass .
1	you can feel it .
1	it vibrates in your ear .
1	there 's not much of a bad side .
1	not much of a price to pay .
1	but $ 150 is a pretty big price to pay .
1	listening to music on these is n't a spectacular , life-altering experience .
1	it 's a noticeable enhancement .
1	just to get this out of the way , these headpones sound great !
1	these headphones sound great and i love them .
1	i only have a few complaints .
1	the headphones are a little heavy resulting in the headphones slipping off my head .
1	they have superior sound quality and the swivel-ear thing is magnificent .
1	they 're not just for dj 's anymore .
1	the sound is fantastic , the bass is deep and rich without sounding muffled .
1	amazon.com 's price is very competitive .
1	i has this headphone .
1	it is the best.because sound is like some audio .
1	i mean so powerfull .
1	so if you put full sound , you may have concert .
1	now , you want buy just click buy it is good choice .
1	and by dj , i mean the live-performance variety , not the studio-technician variety .
1	and , for djs , these headphones are excellent .
1	the headphones perform admirably in all cases .
1	you really feel the music .
1	i was very impressed .
1	a word to the wise .
1	if you are a dj , you really ca n't go wrong here .
1	if you want comparible sound for home use i suggest the bose triport headphones .
1	sounds better than my stereo systems .
1	sound is ultra-clear , pure , clean sound .
1	bass hits very low and hard , awesome for rap songs .
1	rock songs play great also , guitar riffs have never sounded better .
1	comfortable to wear , have n't had any problems .
1	never enjoyed the movie more !
1	you will not be dissapointed !
1	they are incredable and simply ca n't be beat .
1	they simply ca n't be beat for the sound quality , bass reproduction ...
1	these are excellent headphones !
1	their bass is astounding , and mid 's and highs are clear and crisp .
1	i 'd reccomend these headphones to anyone who wants great sound .
1	this is the best mic i have used for my podcatsing needs .
1	it 's very solid and well made .
1	i bought this for my daughter , a beginning flute player .
1	she says she likes it better than the stands at school .
1	i checked out a demo of techno ejay and was hooked ! ! ! !
1	anyone into electronic/club music should get this product .
1	hours of fun and the mixes sound professional .
1	well , needless to say , i did n't buy it .
1	this is an awesome , easy to use program that has many worthy features .
1	i love this program anyone can use this .
1	an easy instant gratification fix for the not so musicaly inclined .
1	great idea nd it does octave the boomwhackers !
1	the caps were a great addition to the whacky music boomwhackers set .
1	i highly recommend getting these for your boomwhackers !
1	without the end caps , the boomwhackers tend to have a more hollow sound .
1	you can hear the note , but it is n't very strong .
1	love these and love this instrument !
1	these make boomwhackers sound like a musical instrument !
1	tons of fun in my rhythm class
1	these work well to extend your boomwhacker set down an octave .
1	necessary to use these to get the most out of boom whackers .
1	boomwhackers and octavers perform as they should .
1	it 's not a bad sound by any means , just a different sound .
1	it is more native or tribal sounding .
1	love to add these to my class sets of boomwackers .
1	the kids prefer the ower sound .
1	they are how they perform with the tubes .
1	great value and they really increase the depth of the sound for my boomies .
1	also prevents bending of boomie tips .
1	these are great to give you an extra octave !
1	these fit my boomwhackers well .
1	they appear to be durable .
1	as a suzuki piano teacher , i work with small children .
1	even though they 're young , their repertoire is quite extensive .
1	bought two sets to use .
1	gives me greater options as a music teacher .
1	decent price , great service .
1	the boomwhackers sound so much more resonant with these tubes .
1	they are more expensive in the catalogues .
1	the instrument is in pristine condition !
1	nothing broken and nothing missing .
1	will order again from same seller if i need another instrument !
1	**updated review** this is my response to the comment made on my review .
1	it was a one-time use instrument .
1	nevertheless , i would say that the sound quality produced is consistently good .
1	no wonky sounding pitches -- high , low , or mid-range .
1	a+ plus on that .
1	our son has been using this for several months as a beginner .
1	needed one for school and it works perfectly !
1	exactly the same as the schools if you need a replacement too !
1	great quality recorder for elementary music teachers .
1	it performs far better than i do
1	i got this for my son for music class in school .
1	it will be handed down to my daughter when she gets to school .
1	very happy with the quality of this recorder .
1	great product for price .
1	my son needed this for school .
1	for the price you ca n't beat it .
1	to learn with it 's fine too .
1	ca n't go wrong with this one .
1	this is a perfect begginers recorder .
1	thank you ! ! ! !
1	works well for school .
1	ordered for granddaughter , she loved it !
1	daughter needed for school .
1	surprisingly of very , very good quality !
1	bought for daughter in the 4th grade .
1	nice quality with simple canvas bag .
1	would recommend to friends .
1	very nice n clear recorder .
1	now we play as a family lol
1	gifted , got no feedback
1	just takes a little effort to learn , like most worthwhile activities .
1	purchased this for my 10 year old grand-daughter to use in school .
1	it is very well made , and sounds great !
1	just what my daugher needed for school
1	i like it so far .
1	my daughter loves her recorder !
1	i hate it , of course , but she loves it !
1	i bought it so i could play mario and zelda tunes haha
1	perfect for my son .
1	just like he has in school
1	i ordered two for my daughter 's music class .
1	they come with a case .
1	purchased for an 8-year-old who loves it .
1	definitely worth the price .
1	bought this for my daughter 's birthday .
1	that 's common and easy to correct .
1	it 's a musical instrument .
1	you have to learn how to play it .
1	go to youtube for help .
1	this recorder sounds clear and loud .
1	hole spacing seems correct .
1	the holes are easy to cover and there is a clear distinction between notes .
1	at the price offered at the time of this writing ( approx .
1	my son loves the recorder .
1	he 's playing one tune after another .
1	bought for our niece and she loves it !
1	great sound ... thank you !
1	wish it came with a cleaning rod .
1	it 's worth it .
1	and get `` it 's recorder time '' add a learning book .
1	it 's full of all sorts of repertoire .
1	nice recorder - basic but entirely suitable .
1	friend of mine separately ordered one thinking the same thing .
1	aulos a703b was badly out of tune .
1	very good for under $ 20 soprano recorder .
1	idk the proper wording ) .
1	surprisingly it sounded alright .
1	i just feel bad for our neighbors .
1	while looking around amazon i saw this 'recorder ' and bought it .
1	i also bought one for my son just for the heck of it : )
1	my daughter loves this .
1	perfect for kid or adult .
1	works well and is good quality .
1	comes with a great cloth cover/bag .
1	great recorder at a great price .
1	out daughter loves hers .
1	it was a requirement for her school .
1	this is the 4th yamaha yrs24b soprano recorder that i have purchased .
1	we are satisfied with all 4 purchases .
1	the durability and the sound quality is consistent .
1	recorder is being used all of the time .
1	# 1 - just what we needed for school .
1	perfect my daughter loves it !
1	i waited to long to return , bought it as a gift ... .
1	bought for my 18month old daughter to get her making music .
1	she loves it ! !
1	bought it for as a gift for my friend b-day !
1	i am happy for my purchase !
1	my wife needed this for a music class at her college .
1	it sounds good and she 's surprisingly good with it .
1	bought this for my dad.he loved it.worth the money .
1	this is an excellent , high quality , beginner recorder .
1	start with this if you are looking to learn to play one .
1	what an excellent value !
1	so long , i like it
1	very well built , wish it came with a spit valve cleaner
1	secondly , you can indeed get very nice music out of it .
1	- the experience of the player is what matters .
1	my daughter 's yamaha runs sharp in about the same area .
1	beautiful tone and easy to clean .
1	do n't go with a one piece recorder that they push at schools .
1	my son loves this recorder .
1	same one the school uses in 4th grade instrument intro classes .
1	perfect for my daughters 4th grade music class .
1	really like that it comes with a carrying case .
1	very sturdy , great materials and i like that it comes apart for cleaning .
1	i would expect nothing less from yamaha
1	hey , it 's a yamaha !
1	yamaha makes every thing well.. i love this recorder : )
1	cheap enough to hand out to kids .
1	for the money , it absolutely ca n't be beat .
1	i would definitely recommend it for anyone .
1	very nice recorder for the price !
1	includes a fabric bag .
1	arrived fast and is as described .
1	perfect use for my daughter 's college course .
1	i thought i 'd have to spend a lot on the next level recorder .
1	i was pleasantly surprised that this recorder is inexpensive and works beautifully .
1	not bad for an inexpensive plastic instrument .
1	i think this is a great recorder for the price .
1	i really enjoy playing it .
1	i really enjoyed this recorder .
1	it was simple and fun , nothing fancy .
1	my only complaint is that it was really loud .
1	it was pretty good !
1	it is a nicely made recorder that i bought for my daughter for school .
1	otherwise , very pleased with the purchase .
1	got this so i could play some tunes to my new baby boy .
1	have n't played in 35years but somehow remembered all the notes !
1	very nice sounding recorder !
1	you definitely can not go wrong for $ 10 !
1	my daughter uses this at school .
1	we would n't purchase it any where else .
1	dogs love it ! ! ! ! ! ! !
1	so happy i purchased this recorder .
1	great instruments for the price !
1	got this for a music class in college .
1	i bought this for my kid for school .
1	it 's exactly what i expexted , a cheep recorder that works
1	bought for my 9 year old son who was learning recorder in school .
1	he loved it and he was able to practice at home .
1	great recorder ( for the price ) .
1	it got me back into playing recorder .
1	quick shipment and my son just love it ! !
1	i 'm still learning so i ca n't say much about it .
1	easy to the touch .
1	great for beginners and on key .
1	very well made and good for the price
1	i know this may sound crazy to some .
1	i bought this flute to play when i am in the woods .
1	hiking , camping etc .
1	it is as loud you want and sounds great .
1	i play some notes and listen .
1	you can wake up your surrounding 's with this little flute .
1	i bought this recorder for my daughter .
1	it is so fun for my daughter trying to learn music .
1	the shipping was faster that i expected too .
1	these were purchased as a donation for a charity filling school backpacks with supplies .
1	they arrived on time and look great !
1	i received one from my wife and i love it .
1	it 's made of plastic but it does n't break easily .
1	i was very pleased with the recorder i ordered and received from you .
1	had to buy for music class in college .
1	works good for a good price .
1	such a vibrant sound , and very easy to play compared to other recorders .
1	you barely have to blow into it to produce a beautiful sound .
1	my roommates hate me because i play this thing too much .
1	arrived quickly and looks exactly as advertised !
1	the little cloth bag is a nice touch .
1	i purchased this recorder so i could expand my musical talents .
1	i thought my kazoo playing was on fleek , but i was wrong .
1	neighbors have booed me , but friends have encouraged me to continue on .
1	great gift for friends children !
1	what a great deal .
1	my daughter plays this one when i play the slightly more expensive yamanah one .
1	a fun christmas gift - was enjoyed
1	exactly what i wanted .
1	sounds nice , very cheap !
1	it is sturdy and the sound quality is good .
1	received brand new as advertised along with storage bag and instructions/finger chart .
1	this is the best recorder available at this price point , imho .
1	bought it primarily for my wife , and she really likes it .
1	you ca n't go wrong with this recorder at less than $ 10 .
1	exactly as ordered brand new with case
1	grandson says this thing is awesome ! .
1	looks to be very quality and a good deal for the price .
1	wanted to note differences in playing method .
1	do like the simpler key pattern !
1	very good product and excellent delivery .
1	i love it just learning how to play it .
1	it , s a challenge
1	good material and quality .
1	much better than the local store had .
1	my kid might make through the rest of the school year with this one .
1	almost as clear as my old and much more expensive dolmetsch recorder .
1	a very nice warm tone and a joy to play .
1	affordable , well-made and -- best of all -- fun .
1	i gave this a try and am quite pleased with everything about it .
1	now , if i could just play it better ... .
1	nice recorder , especially for the price .
1	i bought this for my son to practise at home .
1	this is a solid one piece block flute that sounds great .
1	prior to this , my son had a red block flute from first act .
1	this is a much better quality instrument .
1	great product and fast shipping
1	exactly what i expected , great quality .
1	shipping was quick also !
1	my cousin loves it .
1	high quality rich sound .
1	the best recorder you can buy for the money .
1	my son enjoys having one at home to use .
1	my grandson loves this ! !
1	great for daughters class at school
1	i recommend the instrument !
1	i was purchased for a grand child .
1	i ordered this recorder to replace one that was damaged .
1	it arrived promptly and is excellent quality .
1	looks good and plays just fine for my daughter 4th grade class
1	she wo n't put it down !
1	this is a great , inexpensive and lightweight recorder .
1	it 's one piece and comes with a convenient bag to store covered .
1	used by a beginning recorder player .
1	can i use this to record my lectures ?
1	i am a college student and need to record for about 3h each time .
1	can i connect it to my chromebook n get the files out ?
1	great purchase for only $ 4 .
1	this specific model is highly recommended by my child 's music teacher .
1	bought one for both parents so that we can play along .
1	i do n't `` love '' recorders .
1	i bought this for my son to practice on because he wanted one .
1	he loves it and the price was right .
1	beautiful sound from a ridiculously cheap instrument .
1	younger hands have a hard time covering the holes .
1	bought this for my god daughter for her third birthday !
1	that was in november and she has n't put it down yet !
1	good quality , nice size !
1	good for any body .
1	my daughter loves it , and i have to listem to it lol
1	excellent item ! ! !
1	my one year old loves it .
1	in this respect it is much more than a toy .
1	a great parent-child quality time project for the involved parent .
1	we are happy with the purchase .
1	well made and tuneful .
1	i purchased 4 of these as stocking stuffers for my 4 kids for christmas .
1	i was really surprised at the quality of these recorders .
1	i am a very satisfied customer and my kids love them !
1	needed for a grade school music class .
1	quality instrument that sounds and plays as it should .
1	rarely has yamaha let me down with any product .
1	he is playing lots of tunes with it on his own .
1	granddaughter loved it , good plastic material and quality !
1	bought this for my granddaughter 's 8th birthday .
1	quality construction and a nice appearance for a plastic recorder .
1	also includes a manual and a drawstring bag .
1	super good for the quality and price .
1	it plays nicely for a cheap recorder .
1	the cleaning rod is not included .
1	great quality and value .
1	i am a senior citizen learning a bit later than most folk .
1	my son was taking up the recorder and this was great price .
1	it has held up well and i would recommend .
1	best price and product .
1	so 5 stars for durability and price..
1	perfect for the money to get my toddler to learn play flute
1	the yamaha yrs24b is a great flute for beginners and students .
1	sounds great , my son love it
1	needed this for school !
1	great price , fast shipping .
1	i absolutely love this recorder .
1	but i am a little dissapointed in the fingering chart .
1	also it has a great sound .
1	do not learn the irish tin whistle before you learn to play this .
1	it was a lot harder for me to play .
1	clearly i was wrong to give this fine recorder such a rating .
1	it 's a basic recorder .
1	good for beginners and getting kids interested in music .
1	amazing quality at very low price .
1	my son loved it .
1	my 5 yr old son like it .
1	both kids have one and they love them .
1	my first recorder so i have nothing to compare it with .
1	playing is fun and improved my music reading skills .
1	the instrument is well-made and sturdy .
1	it works much better than the cheaper ones that you would find at toys-r-us .
1	on top of that it came in a very nice pouch !
1	the instruction is very sample and clear .
1	my 8 years old girl can get a simple melody in 3 days !
1	as expected for a recorder !
1	very nice product and quickly delivered .
1	perfect for my third grader
1	for a cheap recorder they are in tune and sound good .
1	give them as gifts to revive music in our culture .
1	this instruments plays very smoothly and bring back memories of my high school days .
1	it 's a great instrument .
1	highly recommended in my country
1	nice for kids ! !
1	my son loved it !
1	i bought this for one of my students .
1	she 's very happy practicing every day with it .
1	i 'm not good at playing it but my toddler is and its authentic .
1	worth the price and inexpensive too .
1	great recorder for the price .
1	comes apart easily for cleaning and has good sound .
1	my daughter enjoys playing with her flute .
1	will buy another one if needed .
1	great price and quality .
1	now it 's up to me .
1	works well , easy to clean
1	other than that its a great choice
1	bought two for older kids to learn simple notes .
1	but my five yr old plays the most !
1	helped them all get excited about music !
1	they are definitely student/beginner instruments , but they sound good and are very sturdy .
1	i bought this to replace the recorder i bought at walmart for $ 1 .
1	the sound is clean and much louder that the cheap one i have .
1	i really like it .
1	the plastic makes it convenient to clean it up after he uses it .
1	this recorder is easy to play , and has nice tones .
1	in a word , it is better than i hoped .
1	my son loves music .
1	he loves to play music .
1	however , a lot of his toddler music instruments do n't make real music .
1	this however sounds like real music .
1	looks durable and well made , but hard to play .
1	and really liked it .
1	thanks for all the resources you have for all i need
1	basic wind instrument to start teaching children the basics of reading and playing music .
1	it sounded like a charm .
1	my son needed this for school or else he 'd lose points .
1	his teacher loaned him his until this one came in .
1	this one was exactly like the one the teacher owned .
1	my son loves it .
1	this is just as advertised -- a solidly built student instrument .
1	after struggling with inexpensive dime-store varieties , it 's a pleasure to work with .
1	sounds was good for the price point .
1	i had never seen a recorder before except in pictures .
1	it 's fun to play , and i 'm enjoying it very much
1	my son is happy .
1	arrived in great timing .
1	good price.. for a yamaha recorder .
1	i would recommend to a friend .
1	these are great ! !
1	they 're durable and they do the job !
1	no complaints here ! !
1	this is good overall , but sometimes the sound does not come as intended .
1	i hope it is the way we are playing it .
1	it meets the needs of the music teacher , who required specifically this brand .
1	although my kids had used other kind of recorders , they like yamaha the best
1	i even went back a bought a few more .
1	i first tried it , oh,35 years ago .
1	someone i knew from bavaria played one .
1	35 years latter , i got my own .
1	plays great and a very fair price .
1	great quality for a very good price .
1	that 's all i have to say , , , is that enough now ?
1	it looks just like the ones we played in elementary school !
1	very good well-made plastic 3 piece baroque tuning recorder !
1	buy two and play along with your children !
1	i had to look up on youtube what notes each hole were .
1	this flute is a very high quality item for the price .
1	kids love this flute .
1	sounds good and is easy to learn to play .
1	perfect choice for a student starting to be interested in playing an instrument !
1	it 's not too expensive and relatively easy to learn to play .
1	this recorder seems well made and comes with a canvas bag .
1	overall , a simple device that works as described .
1	also , she suggested that we get a `` 3-piece '' one .
1	this just means that the recorder can be broken down into 3 pieces .
1	these are great for my kids to use at school .
1	ca n't beat the price !
1	as an adult , i have dabbled in music these last 10 years .
1	i have an assortment of wooden recorders that cost over $ 100 .
1	the recorder i play the most is the yamaha yrs-24b !
1	considering the price , i do not understand why anyone would buy anything cheaper .
1	still a good quality instrument for the price .
1	i made the mistake of buying a wooden recorder before this one .
1	it did n't work .
1	so i looked around and found this yamaha .
1	the yamaha was purchased based on other reviews here .
1	wow what a great purchase .
1	the notes are clear and the instrument is made from high quality durable plastic .
1	my 1 and 3 year old makes `` music '' with it .
1	and it 's easy to clean .
1	the price was fair and it has a great shine to it .
1	this is a great recorder for children .
1	for 5 bucks you absolutely can not go wrong .
1	this item delivers exactly as described .
1	the price ca n't be beat .
1	i highly recommend this product , i would buy it again if needed .
1	after that point it got a lot of use .
1	maybe someday her kids will play with it too !
1	for the price , you simply ca n't beat it .
1	it never needs repairs !
1	i purchased this for my 3yr old grandson .
1	the recorder comes in its own draw string bag .
1	it seems to be made well .
1	not flimsey or fragile .
1	very happy with product .
1	item was exactly as expected .
1	daughter loves it and is getting a lot of use out of it .
1	perfect for my 3rd grader .
1	he really likes it .
1	seems to perform fine .
1	will know with time how it holds up .
1	my daughter came home from school and wanted a recorder !
1	found this brand new recorder for 4.99 and she loves it !
1	my daughter was really happy when this arrived .
1	it is made of the highest quality and came with a carrying case .
1	our music teacher recommended yamaha , and she was spot on .
1	kids who bought the cheaper ones did not sound very good at all .
1	you can tell the quality , and it is only a few bucks more .
1	i am very happy about my product .
1	if someone else want to get this instrument , i 'll recommend it .
1	this recorder is the best in the market .
1	sounds are very clear and right .
1	it 's loud and shrill , which is all i needed it to be .
1	and would definately plan to purchase a lot more in the near future
1	i bought this for my daughter so she could practice over the summer .
1	it 's good quality and the pouch that it comes in is perfect .
1	i ca n't imagine anything better short of making it from real wood .
1	i purchased this instrument at the advice of my son 's school music teacher .
1	he loves to take it apart and spread the pieces around his room .
1	was great and worked awesome ... . until my dog ate it .
1	haha , but honestly though , it worked well and was easy to clean .
1	my 18 month old loves it .
1	seems sturdy , well made , easy to clean , and it is loud .
1	he 's happy when he plays with it though , so i 'm happy .
1	bought as toy for grandson for his music collection .
1	holds up well to child handling .
1	also great tone for serious music .
1	the recorder is great .
1	i think it is a little advanced for his size .
1	but he 'll grow into it soon .
1	this was purchased for my 5th grader .
1	does n't squeak too much .
1	i also love the design and color of it ok ?
1	and i also hope this review helped you make a very wise chose .
1	procrastination is always my friend .
1	needed to purchase a recorder for my childs 4th grade music class .
1	found this one for less money than it was available for in our town .
1	very nice instrument at a great price .
1	quality is as expected from a maker such as yamaha .
1	very nice beginner musical instrument .
1	try it and have lots fun i love so much
1	i bought it so i can learn how to play israeli music .
1	i 'm still learning how to play jewish music for my lord .
1	i bought this for my daughters musical class .
1	it is easy to use for a 4 yrs old kid .
1	the sound is good and my daughter loves it .
1	bought for my kid to use at school .
1	well designed and has a beautiful sound .
1	my daughter has been playing this almost non stop since it arrived yesterday .
1	she loves it so much .
1	she is 7. thank you ...
1	my son needed a recorder for school so i bought this one .
1	it was better quality than i had expected it to be .
1	this is a good quality recorder for what is needed for school .
1	it was good price and i received it in just a couple if days .
1	it 's very beautiful !
1	very happy with product !
1	my daughter loves it and it works so well .
1	i am really happy with the product !
1	we purchased this for our 4 year old daughter and she loves it .
1	it comes with a felt bag for storage , which is great .
1	she plays with it all the time and we 're very happy with it .
1	this recorder is easy to play and has a good tone .
1	these were a great value .
1	i would recommend any other parents to get them here online .
1	this is a good stuff , my kid loves it very much .
1	also it has a good price .
1	i 'm very satisfied with it .
1	it really met expectations .
1	bought this for my young son who is obsessed with music .
1	el producto llego rapido , la calidad del producto llego en perfectas condicionse .
1	it works just as what i expected .
1	nor is it dark brown .
1	it 's good for the price , nice for beginners .
1	i was surprised how well this recorder sounded .
1	i wish it came in more color choices .
1	my daughter loves it and has several friends ask her where she purchased it .
1	the tone is quite good for such an inexpensive recorder .
1	a great beginner/student or backup instrument .
1	after my two older children got one from their school .
1	he thinks it 's `` neat '' .
1	kids really love it .
1	now he is on the top of the world .
1	they will probably learn with recorders similar to this in school .
1	a quality product you ca n't go wrong with .
1	for the price and material , i was expecting a lesser quality purchase .
1	but that was not the case .
1	a good price and a good quality product .
1	has a number of advantages over the usual recorders for children .
1	i bought this for my six years old son 's christmas !
1	it arrived in time thanks to the seller !
1	it has a great , pure sound for such a great price .
1	my son enjoys it a lot !
1	it is also quite durable and can withstand rough treatment .
1	this is the recorder from your childhood .
1	for me some amount of quality , accurate pitch and low cost were important .
1	this recorder met those handily .
1	the yamaha ysr-24b , uses the baroque fingering system .
1	the yamaha ysr-23 uses the german fingering system .
1	intonation is better with the cross-fingering of the baroque system .
1	this recorder comes with a canvas bag and a fingering chart .
1	i purchased this for my daughter who is still practicing on it .
1	it is fun and it was certainly worth the price !
1	it has a great look .
1	you can take it apart to clean it well unlike most recorders .
1	i expected more from yamaha though .
1	it is n't that great for young children because of that .
1	very nice color and construction though .
1	excellent product , shipped really fast and the quality was great .
1	highly recommend this company .
1	the carrying case was a great bonus too .
1	i bought it for my daughter to use in daycare .
1	packaging was nice and it came with a sleeve .
1	the ivory yamaha yrs24b soprano recorder took me by surprise .
1	i purchased a different model of similar price for myself .
1	the difference between the two were quite noticeable .
1	yamaha just seemed like so much better quality overall .
1	i especially liked the super smooth finger holes .
1	they beg to be touched .
1	( my other brand recorder did n't have this and i was jealous .
1	my fingers are much happier now . )
1	it also comes with a manual/maintenance guide .
1	the yamaha yrs24b soprano recorder is my son 's first instrument .
1	i ordered this recorder on amazon and it came faster than i expected .
1	using this , my son is able to learn his music basics .
1	he carries it to school whenever he has music class .
1	for a plastic recorder yamaha soprano is great .
1	the price is affordable and this one is great for starters .
1	happy with the find .
1	now i can show and do some performances .
1	thanks you very much .
1	glad this came in so fast .
1	it is sturdy and has held up well .
1	the pitch seems fine -- at least compared to other soprano recorders .
1	the color is a little annoying but it does come in an excellent case .
1	the price simply can not be beat .
1	it is exactly what i needed as a beginner of this instrument .
1	my children love it and they will play with it once in a while .
1	learning how to play it is very easy in my case .
1	this recorder has a nice weight and quality sound .
1	i bought one for each of my grandchildren - they love them !
1	these are good recorders .
1	my only disappointment is that they do n't come with cleaning rods .
1	she has n't recieved it yet , but i think she will enjoy it .
1	my 8 year old neice loved this as a christmas gift .
1	it appears to be a very high quality product .
1	highly recommended product ! !
1	bought this recorder for my 5th grade son .
1	it does its job and my son says it plays and handles well .
1	just handle it with care and it will last .
1	over 30+ years ago , i played recorder in elementary school .
1	i remember loving it .
1	so , i did a bit of searching on amazon and found these .
1	within three lessons , my kids were playing recognizable songs .
1	i bought this for my 4 year old grandson .
1	it plays very well .
1	it held up to a 4 year old using it .
1	the recorder arrived promptly to our out-of-state grandson .
1	i purchased this recorder for my 9 year old daughter for school .
1	this instrument sounds and looks top of the line !
1	thank you for the fantastic discount for a quality item .
1	this recorder is good balance of quality and price .
1	the color makes it look more like an instrument than a toy .
1	it seems to have less moisture problems than the clear candy colored sopranos .
1	yamaha makes a fine recorder for a inexpensive price .
1	i bought this item as a gift for a one-year-old .
1	he really enjoyed blowing and hearing the sounds .
1	then i bought two more for two little girls as a gift .
1	this is item is an excellent gift for a small child .
1	the price was just right .
1	this is a really good product .
1	my daughter loves it .
1	she needed it for her music class and it worked wonderfully .
1	this was bought for a 4th grade student for music class at school .
1	they needed to bring it by the end of the week .
1	the seller was fast ! ! !
1	the product is great !
1	my son loves it and it has a great sound to it !
1	works great and shipping was fast .
1	hi , i want a flute but do n't have enough money for that .
1	this is a good item .
1	the recorder was shipped , in excellent condition , on a timely basis .
1	i am very satisfied .
1	this is a really nice , inexpensive recorder for learning on .
1	as i said , excellent recorder for the price .
1	the sound is decent for a plastic recorder .
1	this is a good choice for a beginner recorder .
1	instead of the $ 2 one piece recorders , splurge : - ) .
1	i bought this as a stocking stuffer for a friend .
1	now i want one .
1	bought this for my 4th grader since they are playing recorders at school .
1	it 's been toted back and forth in his backpack with no problem .
1	came with a great little fabric bag to keep it clean .
1	i purchased these recorders to teach to my second graders .
1	they are good quality for the students .
1	i have had a yamaha recorder for 15 years .
1	i recently bought this for my friend who likes mine .
1	i am a loyal yamaha consumer .
1	cant go wrong with it .
1	it is well made and has good sound for the price .
1	( key words here are `` for the price '' . )
1	do n't expect it to compare to and `` real '' wooden instrunment .
1	the c40 is my first guitar and i could not be happier .
1	it is well built , pretty and sounds beautiful to my ears .
1	it sounds so good other people do n't mind hearing me practice .
1	and i even get compliments on the pretty sounds i make with my yammy !
1	the c40 stays in tune .
1	it 's not loud .
1	( i do n't want loud at this point ! )
1	i am happy the c40 exists and that i could buy it .
1	if i ever buy another guitar it will probably be a yamaha .
1	this is especially true with guitars .
1	so what does that mean , and what should you be looking for ?
1	folk ( acoustic ) guitars have slightly curved fretboards .
1	the soft strings give the guitar a full , but soft and gentle tone .
1	it is not designed for playing heavy metal .
1	it is a guitar for a small room , not for a stadium .
1	ymaha is instrumental makers in hamamatsu japan .
1	especially the most famouse instruments are pianos , grand pianos .
1	the popularlity to classical guitars may be inferior to yamaha piano .
1	but the cost performance is great .
1	you may think that 10000 $ guitars is very high !
1	gc is used solid woods , and is made by hand-made without machines mainly .
1	thank you for reading poor english .
1	it play 's great and sounds great too .
1	it came fresh new in box .
1	in very great condition .
1	no problems all all !
1	materials far surpass what you would expect from a student instrument .
1	easily the best sub $ 200 classical guitar .
1	exactly what i was looking for
1	i bought it used and it looks like new .
1	shining , no scratches , clean and sounds beautiful .
1	very nice one with reasonable price
1	my husband loves it .
1	it 's just what he needed .
1	i moved to the states 2012 and that 's when i bought this instrument .
1	i would recommend it to beginners or players on an early intermediate level .
1	for the price , the playability and the sound are really good .
1	if you want to get truly great sound you pay 8000 us-dollars and up .
1	then , invest in an instrument with price 1500 us-d and up .
1	got the item on time and in great condition .
1	my 15yr old loves it and was very pleased .
1	beautiful color and design .
1	i have been playing classical guitar for over forty years .
1	i was pleasantly surprised after tuning it to find such nice tones .
1	i think to get something better would be an upgrade of several hundred dollars .
1	came with the strings already on .
1	took only minutes to tune it .
1	i 'm back to playing after many years .
1	would recommend for beginners as well as experienced players .
1	the nylon strings are easier on your finger tips than a steel string guitar .
1	it stays in tune .
1	my son is equally happy practicing on it .
1	it was also very well packed and shipped promptly .
1	perfect for my beginner and intermediate students !
1	did n't play much but it sounded amazing as far as i could tell .
1	this guitar is exactly what you 'd expect from yamaha !
1	it has a rich , warm tone with awesome sustain .
1	the volume is great and projects better than i would have expected .
1	it 's also very lightweight ; i was expecting it to be heavier .
1	very comfortable to hold and play .
1	it tuned very easily and had no slippage or issues staying tuned .
1	no fret buzzing at all .
1	this guitar may be the best value available !
1	easy to play and sounds great .
1	feels great , sounds good , holds tuning !
1	the classical guitar i owned previously was an american made harmony guitar .
1	i bought the yamaha c-40 used for $ 70 .
1	it is vastly superior to the harmony in both sound and playability .
1	this is a great guitar for the money .
1	i would recommend it for your first classical guitar .
1	great sound and suitable for age 12 and up through adult .
1	good looking , too .
1	packaging left a little to be desired .
1	it just came in a box without protective styrofoam inside the box .
1	but the guitar arrived without any damage .
1	purchased for my daughter who has been playing guitar for 3 yrs now .
1	she gives it 5 stars .
1	bought this for my fiance after a house fire ruined the one she had .
1	sounds good , easy on the hands , durable .
1	very good instrument for beginners !
1	this is without a question a great guitar and a great deal !
1	the sound is amazing .
1	it comes with yamaha guitar bag and toner and cd .
1	i ca n't ask more for this price
1	bass note are vibrant on this .
1	overall , nice instrument .
1	great guitar for a great price .
1	still in a very good condition after so many years of use .
1	this is a nice entry level guitar at a good price .
1	the service from the seller was great .
1	this really is a great guitar .
1	it has a solid spruce top .
1	the plywood side and back really do n't diminish the overall sound that much .
1	i ca n't believe one can buy a guitar this good for the price .
1	switching the strings to dadarrios new carbon strings really brought this thing alive .
1	yamaha also makes a 3/4 size and 1/2 size for younger people .
1	i played the 3/4 size and it is just as nice .
1	i am very pleased with my purchase .
1	my son loves this guitar .
1	it was suggested by his instructor .
1	it has a great sound .
1	as always the best price on amazon !
1	excellent guitar for the money .
1	this is very useful stuff .
1	i was very glad about this guitar .
1	this is simple but goot stuff .
1	thanks a lot for in-time delivery : )
1	this is a very nice guitar for the money .
1	delivery was really quick .
1	i always loved these yamaha classical guitars .
1	perfect sound , easy to play and very inspirational .
1	it is my main composing guitar at this point , i simply love it .
1	perfect addition to my collection .
1	it 's lighter than i thought .
1	sounds okay , not so good but still can not be complained about .
1	shipment is fast and careful .
1	i 've been playing classical guitar for about 15 years now .
1	not professionally , just for fun .
1	this is what i expected , and at a cheap price .
1	this guitar was exactly what i needed to start learning how to play .
1	it is affordable and has a great sound .
1	i was a very cost-conscious buyer when i was considering different models .
1	totally happy with the purchase !
1	he really loved it !
1	this guitar shows quality but is great for a beginner .
1	ok , i 'll admit it ... i am guitar crazy !
1	to me they are just good fun .
1	i review this guitar based on its features versus price .
1	that 's why my friend gave it to me .
1	now it plays really smooth , easy on my fingers .
1	this is not something a casual guitar player or newbee knows .
1	the sound is good for this price range .
1	i even go further to install a preamp/under-saddel transducer to turn it into electric .
1	plugging into an amp , it sounds amazing .
1	i can play , amplified , on stage with it .
1	this is a nice guitar for the money .
1	i bought it mainly for strumming chords , and it has a nice sound .
1	my son ended up using it so much i gave it to him .
1	it 's nice to see him learning on it .
1	its a good guitar to learn on .
1	it stays in tune and produces warm tones .
1	you really ca n't beat the price for this quality .
1	i bough this guitar for my youngest brother as a gift .
1	it is a great instrument for everyday practice .
1	i 've always been a fan of yamaha instruments and electronics .
1	i like this guitar .
1	it sounds and plays nice .
1	if you want nicer , you will have to pay more .
1	this is a great beginners guitar .
1	nylon-classicals are famously finicky to temp and humidity .
1	mine is far more stable than my teacher 's .
1	i picked up this one and fell in love with it .
1	: ) well built , good sound quality .
1	wondering why there 's no `` yamaha '' logo on guitar 'head ' ...
1	this guitar has a strong neck and keeps its tune for a long time .
1	many people have played this guitar and just love how it sounds .
1	you wo n't regret buying this guitar .
1	classical guitar strings are nylon .
1	keep guitar away from extreme heat .
1	this guitar looks nice and has a gloss finish .
1	the neck is not too big or too small , it 's just right .
1	back then i transferred easily after a couple years to my gibson j-45 acoustic .
1	easy and fun to play .
1	even my instructor who was a hardcore classical player noticed .
1	the same price and it was not as nearly as good as this one .
1	you can trust yamaha on this one , this worths every penny .
1	and still you can re-sell it or keep it for the visits to play .
1	i really recommend it .
1	the action is high , but that is the classical guitar for you .
1	the strings are far apart ... again the classical guitar for you .
1	my advice is play it for a couple months and then form your opinion .
1	otherwise you are just frustrated because it is new .
1	so i can switch back and forth at will .
1	i have owned several guitars , steel , nylon , 12-string and electric .
1	the tone is clear and balanced throughout the fretboard .
1	many guitars in this price range sound more like a toy than a guitar .
1	this one goes miles beyond that in comparison .
1	but otherwise this is the best bang for your buck in my book !
1	i bought this guitar for a friend of mine for her 16th birthday .
1	this gives me an unbiased approach to the guitar .
1	martin '' , i 'm obviously going to like how it sounds and all .
1	the finish was excellent and the fretboard was absolutely even with no flaws .
1	yamaha totally skimped on the strings which is rather odd !
1	after restringing the guitar with the d'addarios the difference was night and day .
1	and it sounds pretty damn good .
1	some people complained about the cheapness of the tuners .
1	i do n't see any issues with them , they work just fine .
1	it is a very nice looking guitar .
1	very impressive on first looks .
1	it was one i bought used from a friend 's guitar teacher .
1	i loved that guitar .
1	never did i have a single complaint about it .
1	i 'm not saying the other brands did not sound good .
1	what i 'm saying is the yamahas sounded great .
1	having the free shipping option was a major plus .
1	there is only one reason i needed to call the yamaha customer support line .
1	i needed to ask where the serial number is located .
1	i could n't find it to save my life .
1	my guitar was wrapped very well for shipping .
1	it came with `` the yamaha guitar quickstart dvd . ''
1	a `` welcome '' sheet with some good basics for beginners was also included .
1	it is so good to have another yamaha classsical guitar back in my life .
1	i am very happy from my purchase .
1	the guitar sounds very pleasent and the price is totally fair .
1	i was amazed that i got such a great guitar for only $ 100 .
1	the finish is excellent and the tone very pleasing .
1	if you 're starting , this is a nice guitar to start with .
1	this is the perfect guitar to get that authentic spanish sound .
1	it is my weapon of choice !
1	this is a great progam .
1	the only thing i do n't like , you cant scratch .
1	but they have prerecorded scratch beats .
1	i totally recomend this software to anyone .
1	one can not go wrong with the mixman .
1	it 's a great back up without the nasty copyright blues .
1	a riot and a real hitmaker .
1	this is the coolest piece of software .
1	its cool that you can export to mp3 .
1	the sound you get is amazing .
1	i would definitely recommend this to anyone .
1	i am a pc music mixing veteran and i 'm very familiar with mixman .
1	when you 've recorded your completed mix , you just click the save button .
1	the price is also reasonable for mixing software .
1	my kiddo loves it ... although not as much as he loves drums .
1	pricey toy but with tender care and love it would last for more generation .
1	my daughter 's eyes lit up on christmas morning when they they saw this .
1	easy assembly ... .took about ten minutes .
1	it made our christmas !
1	i got mine a couple of weeks ago and i love it .
1	but other than that , i think it is great .
1	the schoenhut concert grand piano is fantastic .
1	this piano is an investment that will do just that
1	we had to dismantle this piano partially before we could assemble it .
1	the cover also had a broken screw which we replaced .
1	at best the sound could be described as clanky .
1	this little piano is beautiful , obviously well constructed with good materials .
1	what a fun little piano !
1	we have it sitting next to our boston ( steinway clone ) .
1	i love to practice my pieces on it .
1	downside : let it air out outside !
1	chinese finish ... ..really stinky .
1	unbox it outdoors on a nice day .
1	then it 's good to go !
1	super fun -- good quality
1	excellent quality and delivery .
1	it looks really pretty .
1	does not sound good at all .
1	really toyish ! ! ! !
1	but a little kid wo n't care .
1	i purchased this piano for my grand daughter who is 20 months old .
1	her father is a pastor so she relates it to church .
1	she is having an amazing time singing and playing her baby grand piano .
1	amateur use , so have less judgment as to its performance characteristics .
1	minster cables are the best ! !
1	i use this cable frequently .
1	never had any issues with it .
1	great price from the vendor .
1	i highly recommend the item .
1	it has a life time warranty i love
1	30ft is a practical length for live performances and in the studio .
1	i have always been a fan of monster cable quality and design .
1	personally , it 's the only cable i buy .
1	some might t honk the name is not worth the price .
1	especially at this price .
1	received two 30 ft monsters for $ 30 , unreal !
1	these have never let us down since we 've used them .
1	everything is tight and tidy .
1	all sounds recorded through it were crystal clear and had great sound quality .
1	the signal does not sound not degraded .
1	i am pleased and would recommend this cable .
1	if you are looking for mic cables look no further .
1	monster delivers the best quality out there and you get to decide your length .
1	i dont have to worry about bad connections or noise from the cable .
1	came with a quality cable tie .
1	high quality cable that i highly recommend .
1	i searched for awhile and this is the best price out there .
1	you could really tell the difference in the sound with the new cable .
1	it made a big difference .
1	i will only buy monster cables in the future .
1	they cables are pretty awesome .
1	i have friends ( musicians ) that love these cables also .
1	love the monster cord and special end that protects the plug .
1	thanks for a great product that is easy and great to use .
1	two of my microphone cable went bad .
1	so i decided to buy a good cable .
1	i had monster cable before .
1	i thought they were overpriced .
1	did n't make any difference .
1	but not this one .
1	my mic volume increased like 5 times .
1	maybe the old cable was unbalanced .
1	anyway , buy this cable .
1	unbelievabe clarity and volume !
1	these cables work well and come with that great monster lifetime guarantee .
1	i 've had a couple of these for about a year with no problems .
1	monster cables are very good cables and i received the cables i ordered .
1	item received as ordered .
1	be carefull if you want to use this cable with shure sm57 mic .
1	i 'm gon na have to buy a different mic clip .
1	they barely outlasted the warranty .
1	the words `` lifetime warranty '' were the clincher .
1	thing o ' the past .
1	tunes it right out .
1	the signal becomes its own electronic shield against noise .
1	cheaper cables use a side-by-side or linear configuration .
1	the jacket resists twisting and uncoils smoothly .
1	velvety-quiet signal transfer and audio quality that 's good to the last note .
1	the performance of this cable is astonishing .
1	it is a must have item !
1	exactly what i wanted for the right price .
1	these cables will pretty much out last me .
1	it is not exactly like the picture .
1	so , 4 stars .
1	this is my first cable and i am a guitar beginner .
1	it works well for my taylor 210e and a qualified mini amp .
1	good cable if you are not critical about 2 plugs without angle .
1	perfect for my epiphone sheraton ii .
1	monster cables are well constructed .
1	got this one because i wanted the 90 degree plug .
1	it is very sturdy and will definitely do the job .
1	this monster cable filled the bill and she is quite pleased .
1	which means i 'm pleased !
1	the cable sounds great but most decent quality cables do .
1	i think the quality control on monster products in general is very good .
1	i would recommend this product to others .
1	i bought it for my son 's guitar .
1	i have used monster cables for years , and with good reason .
1	the lifetime warranty is worth the price alone .
1	monster makes the best cables and a lifetime warranty doesnt hurt either .
1	you cant go wrong with monster cables .
1	so good that i bought another one .
1	love the heavy cord and gold connectors .
1	i just learned last night how to coil them up .
1	i guess i should read instructions more carefully .
1	but no harm done , still works great !
1	i am very happy with this cable .
1	i am so glad i did .
1	what the more expensive model has going for it is looks .
1	i was impressed at the speed at which the product came through the mail .
1	i would recommend to anyone interested based on this order .
1	it 's everything i wanted ! ! !
1	: ) 5* great product and an appropriate price
1	i use it on my lap top computer to restore and clean audio files .
1	overall , i 've enjoyed working with this product .
1	highly recommended for the price !
1	it also has extensive track management features .
1	real-time simultaneous monitoring of most effects and one direct-x plug in is possible .
1	when i first started a restoration project my primary concern was quality .
1	it is extremely efficient .
1	all in all , magix has filled a huge void in this category .
1	i would like to try steinberg 's clean !
1	i bought this yamaha as a gift for our daughter-in-law 's birthday .
1	another thing that amazed me was how quickly it arrived .
1	thanks for making the givers and the birthday both very happy .
1	what a great keyboard !
1	i am learning to play the piano in my spare time !
1	the built-in lessons really work .
1	i am learning at my own pace .
1	there are a lot of great songs built in .
1	i love lesson # 2 for the right and left hand .
1	i have n't learned all of it yet .
1	i ordered the keyboard with a stand and ac adapter which are essentials .
1	this keyboard is not touch sensitive which i think makes it easier to learn .
1	the psr-170 is an affordable , versatile , quality product .
1	i would buy it again without hesitation .
1	great for beginners , but more advanced music needs will need more .
1	does exactly what i bought it for , works great , very happy
1	but it is not very sensitive .
1	works just like it should !
1	good product , good seller
1	heavy but works like a charm with authentic feel .
1	all as promised - would do business with them again
1	use it daily on my keyboard
1	expected yamaha quality was there .
1	i 'm guessing it works .
1	nice , solid pedal .
1	does not work with line6 equipment .
1	not yamaha 's fault .
1	very happy with this purchase .
1	its yamaha bro u know its dank
1	highly recommend this product .
1	it highly improves playing experience
1	as described , shipped on time .
1	works great with my yamaha keyboards .
1	low profile keeps it from getting kicked around much .
1	rubber on bottom keeps it fairly in place .
1	nice replacement for a yamaha keyboard .
1	no frills , just works .
1	much better than the flimsy plastic pedal that came with my yamaha piano .
1	the reverse polarity thing is a know problem that has been around forever .
1	bottom line : good quality pedal for the money .
1	it works well and stays out .
1	nice action ; comfortable ; stable .
1	great price and fast shipping .
1	works perfectly for our church needs !
1	product arrived as promised and performs as advertised .
1	i bought one previously to this one .
1	it worked as great as my last purchase .
1	great piano sound , eat andcompact afforda ble for my students
1	works perfectly for my p-105 yamaha piano .
1	works great with my yamaha keyboard !
1	works very well on korg krome 88
1	was a package deal with piano and stand , thanks again , daughter loves it
1	worked great with yamaha ydd-40 drum set .
1	having this sustain pedal makes it possible to create beautiful music .
1	it 's simple , seems pretty sturdy , and works as expected .
1	works right out of the packaging .
1	what else can i say ?
1	better than the one that comes with the keyboard .
1	excellent quality build for an inexpensive pedal .
1	good price too ! !
1	what can i say ?
1	this has been and still is the industry standard volume pedal .
1	i use 4 of these in my gig rig .
1	you ca n't go wrong .
1	yamaha 's equipment is always first-rate .
1	overall works really well for a keyboard pedal / the price .
1	bought it so my sons yamaha keyboard has a pedal .
1	no problem so far .
1	great expression pedal , i have 3 of them .
1	always reliable in my experience and they have a nice even feel .
1	i use them for multi keyboards on stage and in studio .
1	yamaha flips the polarity .
1	i will update this review if i have any issues .
1	works as stated and no squeaking ... yet !
1	glad i did because this is a keeper .
1	son said it works well
1	no switch for different types of keyboards .
1	other than that , this is a very durable pedal .
1	it is an excellent pedal just not for my use .
1	good product , just what were looking for , thanks
1	good proctor from a good seller !
1	just as good as new !
1	absolutely a wonferful addition to the keyboard .
1	nice n fluid as well as having an adjustable range of drive .
1	what you would expect from yamaha .
1	nice compact , authentic keyboard pedal .
1	used perfectly for yamaha and roland keyboards !
1	no issues , no faults .
1	excelente producto ! ! ! !
1	this expression pedal is top notch .
1	it 's rugged and sturdy and ready for the road .
1	i have n't had any issues with slippage and it 's smooth .
1	good product for such a price .
1	my bad i did not read the instructions properly .
1	later i switched of the keyboard and reinserted and everything was fine .
1	works just like i wanted .
1	great product , fast shipping .
1	works great with the looptimus pedal and for assigning into ableton .
1	works great and build quality is much better than the original .
1	for what you pay , this is a great pedal .
1	this is a sturdy large pedal , even wider than my guitar wah pedal .
1	i bought this for use with my yamaha reface .
1	this is a great buy for amazon primer 's .
1	it was exactly what i needed .
1	dope and good quality with little suttle features like adjusting how far it goes down
1	great replacement ca n't even tell a difference
1	this is an awesome , dependable , sturdy pedal .
1	yamaha fc7 might be the cheapest volume pedal with decent quality .
1	you might not be able to find any better pedal at $ 30~40 range .
1	it 's just attached with thin double tape .
1	so i put thick wood board under the pedal ans now it 's perfect .
1	product delivered when promised and was as advertised .
1	i 'd recommend this if you 'd want to practice with it .
1	pros- it 's a good size and length cons- not a comfortable angle .
1	you do n't have as much control with it .
1	ordered this at the same time as the power cord just to have it .
1	good solid pedal but not switchable .
1	polarity is normally closed.. make sure you can use it .
1	the yamaha fc4a piano pedal is just what i was needing .
1	i use for the piano in church , it works very well .
1	does what i need it to !
1	this has been amazing .
1	i use it with my nord stage 2 and it works perfectly .
1	works great with my yamaha moxf8 .
1	works great and came in one day !
1	it works but i can not recognized the difference with or without it .
1	works fine with my yamaha keyboard .
1	original yamaha pedal works great .
1	works well with my yamaha keyboard ; like the heavy weight & feel .
1	great keyboard pedal , look up easy , works fine !
1	works great with yamaha stagepas systems for controlling effects on and off !
1	robust , long pedal travel , smooth action .
1	works fine , does what it 's supposed to .
1	emulates my first ever stomp box !
1	industry standard for yamaha .
1	i love these flat fc5 sustain pedals .
1	they are much more durable the standard pedals .
1	my husband loves it !
1	perfect accessory to ypg-235 , though works with numerous yamaha keyboards .
1	follow instructions for proper setup .
1	did n't think it would work for that purpose but it does .
1	opposite of how a normal foot pedal for tattooing does .
1	the is far superior to the pedal that came with my yamaha keyboard .
1	it feels much more like a piano and functions very well .
1	my daughter loves it !
1	she says its just like a piano pedal .
1	much heavier than the plastic lightweight pedals out there ...
1	i am used to a regular pedal .
1	i may order the acoustic style sustain pedal just out of personal preference .
1	it works perfectly and has a nice heavy feel like a real piano .
1	it really feels like a piano pedal
1	received it on time , at good price and works well .
1	it is a very good quality pedal with a lot of resistance
1	just as advertised ... .works perfectly
1	this was for my musical grandson .
1	it is just what i needed plus it got here on time
1	great pedal for the price .
1	my daughter loves it .
1	it has made her keyboard much more usable .
1	tried an off-brand , cherub .
1	bought this one by yamaha .
1	works as it should .
1	i have a yamaha keyboard .
1	perfect gift for our church
1	very good product in terms of the price , make , material and usability .
1	it is best if you can place it on a small rug .
1	works perfectly , i have used for keyboard and guitar pedal control .
1	solidly built , exactly what you would expect .
1	the step response is reliable , and appropriately pressure .
1	i do worry about liquid spills , but have n't had any problems yet .
1	just what i needed .
1	very sturdy and not as `` slippery `` compared to the fc3 .
1	works well with yamaha 's keyboard .
1	very good quality and built .
1	affordable and reliable for heavy users .
1	perfect for my yamaha 235
1	then you just turn it off and on again to reset .
1	works beautifully ! ! !
1	workperfect on my yamaha montage
1	i 've been playing piano for almost a year ... without a pedal .
1	i did n't realize how much i was missing until i bought this pedal .
1	it is very well made and works like a charm .
1	it 's so fun ! !
1	works great with my tascam dp-008 as a punch in/out footswitch .
1	shipped on-time , as well .
1	happy with the product .
1	honestly not a great deal to say about this pedal .
1	it functions , and well .
1	works on pretty much any synth , certainly every one i tried it on .
1	can throw you off when playing .
1	set them both up in our bedroom and the result is amazing .
1	worked well with my nord .
1	otherwise , does the job of sustaining .
1	and it does n't drain the battery too much from my yamaha .
1	simple on off switch that only needs to be pressed once .
1	pros : only needs to be pressed once , long cable .
1	cons : rubber top padding seems to be coming off .
1	i use it with my hammond xk-1 .
1	make it more like a piano
1	what can i say ?
1	i broke an old pedal and needed a replacement .
1	these yamaha pedals are bulletproof .
1	i have two of these and neither of them has ever let me down .
1	better than all the reviews about plastic made cases .
1	took off 1 star .
1	works great on my roland keyboard .
1	almost like playing my old grand piano .
1	just the right pedal for my yamaha ez220 piano.l
1	fyi this pedal is not compatible with the alesis v25 keyboard .
1	feels like it 'll be sustaining my notes for ons to come .
1	got it for my daughter .
1	she is taking piano lessons and needed a sustain pedal for the yamaha keyboard .
1	she likes it and says it works .
1	i think it 's just fine .
1	could n't be happier with this purchase .
1	been using this for several months .
1	no slip , good feel .
1	works backwards but figured out correct way by reading previous reviews thanks
1	this is a classic pedal used by above your average amateurs .
1	even though im using a roland brand keyboard this pedal works awesome
1	great quality , smooth action , works as it should .
1	solid and well made .
1	awesome ... ... . worked as expected and delivered on-time .
1	the price was right and it works .
1	what else can i say ?
1	would buy it again .
1	all in all , it is worth the buy .
1	if using it at home i 'm sure it will hold up .
1	was wrapped nicely , and works excellent on my keyboard .
1	i like the sustainer and it helps me with what i wanted to do .
1	works perfectly with our yamaha keyboard .
1	excellent , just as expected .
1	getting another one for my 6
1	does exactly what it supposed to do .
1	works well with my yamaha p115 .
1	well , this pedal works wonders !
1	it gives it a full resonance that i could not be happier with .
1	i 've been using it for months and is holding up really well .
1	have 2 of them now , working flawlessly .
1	much cheaper than most competitors , too .
1	performs how you would expect it to from the looks .
1	has decent resistance like a real pedal too .
1	needed because one i had broke .
1	works great with my cp4 .
1	this one is a lot better in terms of quality .
1	the yamaha fc3a worked perfectly with my moxf8 .
1	i am pleased with the purchase .
1	it does what it says it would .
1	my teacher says i did good picking this for my yamaha keyboard .
1	it works superb with my yamaha reface cp mini analog electric keyboard
1	it works very well with my motif !
1	this pedal replaces the one just like it and works fine .
1	this is not that pedal .
1	this yamaha sustain pedal fc4a is very durable .
1	it worked as advertised .
1	factory fresh pedal that works fine .
1	good thick cord to last for awhile .
1	it is heavy , sturdy , and does n't move around .
1	works great with the electronic drum we have
1	simple and inexpensive works well .
1	my boys love this pedal
1	very well made with quick shipping .
1	works perfectly and very good build quality .
1	works perfect with my old yamaha keyboard at school .
1	solid and quality product .
1	wanted another because it is so well made .
1	comes with hardware to hook them together .
1	exactly the quality you would expect from yamaha !
1	high quality materials and well made .
1	it has a little stiffer feel than a traditional piano pedal , but works perfectly
1	just a fyi to anyone that maybe looking .
1	this works with my tascam dp 008ex
1	great prices & great service .
1	great gift , well received .
1	comes in handy for keyboard
1	works like it 's supposed to -- perfectly .
1	shipped rapidly and in great condition .
1	my son likes it and it works well .
1	this item is exactly what my grandson needed .
1	and it works perfectly without shoes on .
1	i use this on my yamaha moxf8 synthesizer .
1	the yamaha feels like a piano pedal and so far works perfectly .
1	ca n't ask for more than that .
1	it works , its yamaha , what did you expect ?
1	just like the real thing .
1	came in handy for the grandson
1	great product , much better than the one that comes with the piano
1	what a difference from the silly little foot switch that comes with the piano .
1	what a great value this is .
1	it is well built and looks great .
1	this is a must-have for any keyboard or electronic piano .
1	does exactly what it is supposed to .
1	i like the half damper feature .
1	just started to learn through independent study and online videos .
1	this pedal makes me sound so much better than i am .
1	it 's a lot bigger than the picture ; that 's a good thing .
1	i 'm keeping it when i upgrade to the motif series of keyboards .
1	works perfectly with my keyboard .
1	good weight and feel .
1	works just like a regular piano sustain pedal .
1	much better than the one that came with the yamaha key board .
1	nice item , good value ,
1	pedal polarity did not match my roland keyboard .
1	contacted yamaha and i was instructed to go to keyboard settings and change polarity .
1	pedal looks professional but is a little large for my keyboard .
1	i use it near-daily on my roland fa-06 .
1	fyi it 's very sensitive .
1	had one before cause it was really good so why not buy it again .
1	bought another after this review : )
1	nice and smooth press , no clicking or noise when pressed .
1	does exactly what it is supposed to do and appears to be built well .
1	not cheaply made , should be a long lasting pedal .
1	this is a great pedal !
1	sturdy rugged and works as expected .
1	however there is a solution .
1	this one is just what i was hoping for .
1	it is affordable and perfect for my uses .
1	i bought this even though this is more expensive than other pedals .
1	if you have yamaha keyboard , just buy this .
1	just plugged it in and it works like its suppose to do .
1	i 'll see how long this one lasts .
1	i had a fc3 and that one lasted about 2yrs before it started squeaking .
1	works great with my yamaha ypg-235 !
1	high quality , great performance .
1	the spring offers enough resistance to give close to real feel .
1	mine have held up fine through numerous shows with no issues whatsoever .
1	some people might not like the heavy weight , but i love the heft .
1	no accidental kicking it around with stage antics , and built like a tank .
1	one of the best out there .
1	long throw , and have had several .
1	works fine for our yamaha and nord keyboards
1	my son plays piano and has a full size keyboard .
1	this works great with it .
1	just make sure and follow the directions to plugging it in .
1	arrived intact , works as designed .
1	very good sustain pedal for a very good price .
1	the fc4a is a vast improvement at less than twice the price .
1	i guess that 's what the `` improved '' label means .
1	still do n't know how they do that .
1	solid construction , compact , i expect to have this pedal forever .
1	sustains well and have had no issues .
1	the best price in the market , could not find a used one anywhere .
1	just what i needed , best foot pedal ever
1	it 's an original yamaha pedal -- smooth , quiet , and sturdy .
1	i bit smaller that my huge foot would like .
1	performs as yamaha designed it .
1	now my electric keyboard works like a real piano ! !
1	i am a novice piano player .
1	i 've been taking lessons for less than a year .
1	i do n't have a piano at home , but instead use a keyboard .
1	my instructor suggested i get a sustain pedal .
1	bought this as a replacement for the one i lost .
1	yamaha quality ! ! !
1	the pedal works in perfect conditions
1	works great on roland eg-101 .
1	solid and heavy on construction .
1	yamaha does not disappoint on this one .
1	have had it 4 like 3 years and still kicking
1	nice and accurate pedal .
1	i use it for volumen control and totally love it .
1	works very fine with the korg kronos x music workstation .
1	purchased to use with a yamaha keyboard ... .love it !
1	just what we needed .
1	use this with my alexis sr 18 and it works fine .
1	seems to be pretty solid .
1	so far so good .
1	it is quiet and works perfectly
1	i had also purchased the kurzweil cc-1 to compare pedals .
1	the cost for the fc7 was less than 1/2 of the kurzweil cc-1 .
1	overall , yamaha fc7 wins , hands down , over the kurzweil cc-1 .
1	also thanks to other reviewers , i had no trouble with reverse polarity .
1	attention : unplug the keyboard before plugging in the sustain pedal ! !
1	it 's not a big deal if you do n't though .
1	it does n't slide on a wood floor , either .
1	works great and delivered faster than expected .
1	works perfectly after setting up the yamaha djx
1	excellent buy and fast shipping
1	i 'm using it on commercial carpet and it does n't slide around .
1	was great and thank you indeed .
1	high quality and stays in place .
1	this volume pedal is ideal for control between my effects processor and acoustic amplifier .
1	it is a rugged pedal with plenty of cable .
1	these are great pedals .
1	it sustains with the pedal up , right ?
1	it has reversed polarity because you did n't unplug your adapter .
1	pedal works as advertised .
1	good option to have when needed .
1	helps keep a performance flow when both hands are occupied otherwise .
1	so i think it is essential equipment .
1	i will have to order the model number for casio only .
1	i had no problem returning it and getting reimbursed .
1	perfect should have bought it years ago
1	i am very satisfied with this pedal ordering from amazon .
1	i am giving it 5 stars because it did what it guaranteed !
1	( 1 ) reduce click sound ( 2 ) not slide around .
1	so far it is so good , it does not make any annoying noise .
1	but this new one does not slide around !
1	i put it one top of a carpet , by the way .
1	way better than the plastic , squeaky roland version .
1	this pedal is heavy duty and smooth .
1	only drawback is the weight , it 's pretty heavy .
1	but still hands down the best .
1	a good price and a very good product .
1	it seemed to be a great buy .
1	over the years i have had several .
1	i always go to this pedal as long as the polarity matches .
1	it is particularly great for organ styles .
1	as it is big , rugged , and has a long throw .
1	very happy with product .
1	son lost his pedal in moving and this works great !
1	very rugged pedal , very well made and heavy .
1	works like a champ .
1	highly recommended ; both the pedal and the seller .
1	would definitely buy again .
1	solid and really low to the ground so i can easily stand and play .
1	replacement pedal that works great .
1	delivered on time and as described .
1	nice and does what it suppose to do .
1	simple but perfectly functional ... does what it says ... sustain .
1	the sound from the keyboard is 100 % better .
1	i was very happy with the purchase .
1	just what we ordered and wanted
1	i use two of these to trigger my alesis sr16 for live performance .
1	works great like the last one that our bunny chewed through .
1	great grip on your foot and great price .
1	i bought this to use with an old yamaha spx90 .
1	my only complaint is that it only has one function .
1	the chord could also be longer .
1	i specifically looked for this one .
1	it wo n't go anywhere with a carpet .
1	a high quality sustain pedal without the high price ! ! !
1	delivered in its original box
1	excellent product , thank you !
1	sturdy design and the cord fits nicely inside when packed up .
1	works perfectly as intended .
1	i really love the way this pedal feels .
1	it 's well made , and is very easy to push down .
1	i 'll probably replace the rubber with something that has a better grip .
1	works very well , and was timely .
1	nice solid feeling pedal .
1	long , thick cord with a quality connector on the end .
1	works great as an effects switch with my mg10xu .
1	works great ... good value .
1	does what i needed it to do .
1	feels good to me .
1	note some devices ( my roland rd-500 keyboard included ) need an adapter .
1	a good value for the money .
1	only concern i have is i wish the cord was longer .
1	a nice addition for my use of the piano setting on the keyboard .
1	wish i had gotten one a long time ago .
1	i purchased a keyboard for our winter condo .
1	i love my piano and could n't get used to no pedal .
1	top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
1	pro-level equipment , well produced .
1	extremely useful for live synthesis .
1	you can never go wrong with these pedals .
1	go ahead save a buck and buy it here !
1	works great with neo instruments ventillator ii .
1	i highly recommend it for this application .
1	rounds out playing capability of keyboard .
1	so i ordered extra pots directly from yamaha .
1	sturdy , good quality .
1	works my nord electro 3. wide range of expression .
1	light but not chincy .
1	good sustain pedal for my yamaha keyboard .
1	this is the best expression pedal you can buy .
1	none of the others felt solid , and they lacked quality .
1	one of them , another name brand , did n't even work consistently .
1	the product was delivered on time and works perfectly as described
1	it works perfect good price
1	as advertised and speedy service .
1	this thing is built like a tank and works wonderfully .
1	it works perfectly with my korg kronos and my korg krome .
1	i 've also tried this with a yamaha and it works great .
1	this pedal is one of the best of its kind .
1	best to use with yamaha instruments .
1	nicely weighted & feels great to control .
1	perfect and arrived quickly .
1	these pedals are great .
1	simple , sturdy and functional .
1	it 's just a momentary switch , but functions well .
1	the rubber on both the top and bottom provides good grip .
1	the housing is metal and seems sturdy , in case you are wondering .
1	one of the better quality pedals .
1	still the best expression pedal out there !
1	has to be required to use on some cv value devices .
1	it work very good be back to get something eles .
1	had to buy to replace one that got lost in moving to/from storage .
1	it works like the original pedal ...
1	plug and play with my sons keyboard , easy as cood be !
1	this pedal is exactly that we need for the yamaha keyboard of our church .
1	it is the original item .
1	the price is three times more economic that you imagine .
1	excellent product 100 % recommended seller
1	quick shipment - just as listed !
1	these little pedals never fail .
1	i have had one for over 20 years , and it always works .
1	personally , i will not be buying any more fc4-type pedals .
1	the ones i have that still work will be used at home .
1	music sounding better with the yamaha fc-5 sustain pedal for portable electronic keyboards
1	i wanted a sustain pedal for quite some time .
1	i am satisfied with the product and happy .
1	been using this particular model yamaha volume pedal since the 1980s .
1	the pedal feels good under your foot and it is smooth .
1	if you use more than one , they can be conveniently attached together .
1	i have been using this pedal for the last 15 years .
1	i was using my bands pedal and now i thought of owning .
1	have tried other brands in stores and was not satisfied .
1	i 've had no problems or issues with it !
1	works just like the original one !
1	i should have purchased this a long time ago .
1	exactly what i was expecting , and totally meets my needs .
1	i got it to have it if i needed it .
1	if i was really good i can see the need .
1	but this is a keyboard not an organ .
1	thank you amazon for selling professional music gear on your site .
1	i dread the thought of stopping in my local guitar center to buy anything .
1	anyone that 's had that experience knows what i 'm talking about .
1	received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door .
1	no traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission .
1	this was no exception .
1	the packing was excellent , lightning fast , and the seller kept me informed .
1	does what a sustain pedal is suposed to do .
1	price ok. after a year of using it it still works perfectly .
1	nice feel that mimics b-3 throw .
1	heavy construction seems to hold up .
1	i had to buy a polarity revering cord to use with my kurzweils .
1	i plugged it in and it worked perfectly for our yamaha keyboard .
1	just what i ordered .
1	i bought this to use with my tyros 4 and it worked just great .
1	feels substantial under your foot and has good response .
1	it works perfectly with my synthesizer .
1	this guy is made out of metal .
1	so far so good .
1	have n't had any issues with it .
1	works like it 's supposed to work .
1	serves it 's purpose .
1	so far , this footswitch is working very reliably and is solidly built .
1	i 've found a way around it .
1	this way i avoid this awkward foot position when it 's fully muted .
1	it only took about 10min to switch my brain and use it in reverse .
1	and i 'm not changing back - it works and it 's very comfy .
1	i got it to use with my new nord stage keyboard .
1	it does what it is designed to do .
1	especially for an inexpensive portable machine like mine .
1	it works for me , thank you .
1	it works great with my korg krome-88 synth .
1	will buy from again if i ever lose the pedal during a move !
1	make sure it fits your piano !
1	simple and works as advertised .
1	has multipule uses with other on/off type devices .
1	i would recommend to anyone .
1	build quality was better than expected , very nice pedal .
1	does what i need it to , and makes the organ sounds more expressive .
1	the fc-5 sustain pedal is the one that goes with this style keyboard .
1	the pedal is very durable and functions the way it should .
1	it is a good price for a genuine yamaha pedal .
1	( the issue turned out to be the jack in my keyboard . )
1	we needed this for our son 's outdoor wedding .
1	now i will have it on hand whenever i need one .
1	i had tried to find this online but thought my keyboard was too old .
1	delighted to have it .
1	these do n't need much of a review ; they 've been around forever .
1	affordable , do its job as intended .
1	compatible with my yamaha motif xs 6 and nord electro 3 .
1	it works great , its new , description was exactly what i received .
1	yamaha is better than the m audio pedal by far .
1	there is nothing special about this product .
1	it works like it should .
1	this pedal works excellent with my old yamaha electric keyboard !
1	i use this pedal to advance my tama rhythm watch programmable metronome on stage .
1	this pedal feels solid and works very smoothly .
1	however , be aware that some expression pedals are wired differently than others .
1	google it -- there are some good blog posts on the subject . )
1	when i did that , the expression pedal worked perfectly .
1	i use this while gigging with my mox6 .
1	sturdy , built well , and works just like you 'd expect .
1	gives me the full volume range with good micro-adjustment .
1	bought my husband an electric drum simulator set .
1	i searched a lot before i found this one .
1	this is a great pedal .
1	i can say : it arrived on time .
1	it 's been fun to use .
1	it definitely added a dimension to playing my yamaha e433 that was lacking .
1	a lot more durable than i expected .
1	nice weight to it , feels professional quality .
1	works fine as an attachment to my keyboard .
1	bought this for my daughter 's new yamaha keyboard .
1	worked perfect and the price was right .
1	would buy again if needed .
1	i bought this to use with a steinberg/yamaha ci2+ , from their recommendation .
1	a simple basic design , but well executed .
1	you would have to work real hard to break this .
1	this works great for sustaining notes .
1	i have absolutely no complaints about this item .
1	it sounds great and has no flaws at all .
1	-this sustain pedal works as great as any other pedals out there .
1	good sound - does n't linger after release and no vibration .
1	the pedals worked as advertised on drum kit .
1	it was definitely a worthwile purchase .
1	my grandson plays with the drum kit everyday .
1	no , this pedal does not feel the same as a conventional piano pedal .
1	yes , it does tend to walk away .
1	but it does the job of sustaining notes at a very affordable price .
1	it is also very lightweight and travels well .
1	save heavier pedals for heavier duty keyboards .
1	what can i say about a sustain pedal other than it works great ?
1	low profile , easy to depress ... all i can think of .
1	works s it should and it does n't weigh too much .
1	it could be smaller and a little cheaper , but no big deal .
1	this is a great peddle .
1	but it works perfect .
1	i am glad i got it .
1	i am very pleased with this product .
1	it 's very easy to set up .
1	the pedal is very effective .
1	good price and good product .
1	yamaha is very good .
1	worked just fine as an expression pedal for my zoom 505ii .
1	you need a `` continuous control '' pedal for digitech devices .
1	the price was great .
1	controls volume by default and works well .
1	very large like hammond expression pedals .
1	originally wanted moogerfooger pedal , this was second choice .
1	no polarity switch - would not work with casio .
1	keep swinging and playing music fats waller is the best !
1	got this for my yamaha ex5 in addition to the fc3 and fc7 .
1	i needed the whole set to setup different parameters and control to each .
1	got this guy and it works perfectly with my yamaha ex5 .
1	very sturdy in its construction .
1	great control/motion over the volume unlike other controllers that have a smaller range .
1	yamaha pedal for a yamaha keyboard .
1	this is the recommended pedal for my synthesizer and it works like it should .
1	i 've tried other cheaply built boxes , and they lasted about two weeks .
1	this sustain pedal works great and is better made than others .
1	arrive on time as agreed upon will recommend to friends
1	this met all my expectations .
1	excellent product ! ! !
1	excellent package ! ! !
1	i have no complaints with the product or with your dealer ! ! !
1	he uses it just fine .
1	really it would have been problematic not to have it !
1	i 'm enjoying this pedal .
1	the pedal keeps its position where i set it .
1	i have not used the boost function yet so do n't ask about that .
1	an added bonus is the pedal angle adjustment for using it standing vs. sitting .
1	at last ! ! !
1	i got my new yamaha volume pedal .
1	the pedal works perfect with my electric keyboard .
1	just plug it in and it works .
1	this was a specified gift an individual wanted on her amazon.com wish list .
1	she likes it so what more can i add ?
1	for the money -- very durable .
1	i have two of these .
1	they are built like a tank , operate very smoothly .
1	i like the fortissimo feature ( spring return ) .
1	it is a very good value for the price .
1	the only negative i would give it is big .
1	very sturdy for on stage applications .
1	just unscrew the pedal and swap out the contacts .
1	i 've tried a few volume pedals out there .
1	this is the top of the list .
1	other volume pedals out there feel cheap and plastic by comparison .
1	very wide dynamic range .
1	note that the roland lasted many depressions over 12 years of use .
1	from the photo it looks cheap but it 's very solid .
1	the rubber on top grips foot well too .
1	i bought this to use in my home studio to control my midi keyboard .
1	it does just what i wanted it to do .
1	purchased this pedal for the yamaha ydd40 portable electronic drum kit - wow !
1	really impressive considering the low price .
1	100 % satisfied with this product !
1	i was ready to return it until i read the other reviews .
1	it works great now .
1	thank you very much !
1	i bought this to replace my old one , which had a missing screw .
1	i dig it 's compact form factor and reliability .
1	it worked as expected with the ydd40 yamaha drum set i purchased from amazon .
1	boy did you all come through .
1	less than two days delivered .
1	i purchased the yamaha fc7 for the keyb exp organ module .
1	some people refer to it as a long throw volume pedal .
1	besides the expression pedal on my b-3 it is the best i have used .
1	the price does n't hurt either !
1	i was extremely satisfied with my purchase .
1	overall its a great sustain pedal .
1	this pedal worked great and feels very durable and solid .
1	it acts as a simple *normally closed* switch .
1	i ordered the sustain pedal to use on my old yamaha keyboard .
1	it works great , now i love playing on my keyboard !
1	it depresses notes beautifully and never gets jammed or stuck .
1	this item is exactly what was need for my yamaha keyboard .
1	bought this for my roland juno-g. works great .
1	expression volume sweeps from low to high very nicely .
1	product is made tough .
1	i 'm sure i will enjoy this for years to come .
1	note : i have not tested the yamaha piano like pedal .
1	i actually purchased this to act as a foot pedal for a yamaha y-dd40 .
1	i have n't tried any other foot pedal though .
1	got this thing because of the great reviews .
1	the footpedal works just fine and is a must for any keyboard without one .
1	when lifting the pedal the sustain stops immediately .
1	overall i would recommend the pedal .
1	i plugged it into my yamaha psr-520 digital keyboard .
1	it must be me .
1	but it did not make any difference .
1	may be , i do not know how to make it work .
1	i had ordered another yamaha `` piano style '' foot pedal .
1	it is sitting idle next to this one .
1	is there any screw/nut to be adjusted ?
1	i needed a sustain pedal for my yamaha portable electronic keyboard .
1	thankfully , amazon was able to provide on at a reasonable price .
1	it works very well .
1	if amazon.com has what you need , i would recommend doing business with them .
1	the foot petal works great !
1	i 'm very happy with it !
1	the price for the petal was also very reasonable .
1	i 'm glad i purchased it .
1	the pedal operation is very smooth and well controlled .
1	the pedal stays at whatever volume setting you choose with no slipping .
1	the sustain pedal i purchased through amazon .
1	was easy to install , had plenty of cord , and it works great .
1	i am very pleased .
1	this pedal is made for yamaha keyboards .
1	being made of metal , not plastic , it 's very durable .
1	travel with at least two of these if you 're a yamaha multi-keyboardist .
1	they 're easy to store .
1	built like a tank and does all it 's suppose to do .
1	heavy construction which means it will last for years .
1	i love my yamaha products because there built with quality .
1	pro : the pedal is very sturdy .
1	has got the yamaha quality .
1	yet to find out if it works with an extension .
1	con : yet to find ...
1	fits perfectly with my electronic keyboard .
1	nice and its metal with a rubber top !
1	heavy and feels very quality .
1	if your anything like me , you have gone through a few pedals .
1	nice rubber top , with metal ( no plastic here ! )
1	good , long chord ( but not ridiculously long , which is good ) .
1	quality to cost , this is your best bet , right here .
1	it 's an expression pedal and it works just fine .
1	i got mine used , and it arrived in a dirty filthy state .
1	had to clean it first .
1	so that 's why the 4 stars .
1	consider spending the extra bux anc get a new one for 5 stars .
1	for a basic sustain/momentary latch controller , these little guys are great .
1	the casing is made from metal and feels very durable .
1	plugged it into my piano and it worked with no problems .
1	this yamaha fc-5 sustain pedal works perfectly with my yamaha dgx-200 .
1	the pedal feels very well made .
1	the cord is exceptionally thick and flexible as well .
1	could n't ask for a better made product .
1	this is a great little pedal .
1	i use the fc-5 in conjunction with my yamaha psr-e213 .
1	it plugs in and plays perfectly .
1	it creates a semi-realistic and beautiful sustain .
1	this does exactly what it supposed to .
1	it has a pretty solid build and feels like it will not break easy .
1	if you are looking for some cheap sustain , this is your product .
1	this is only a stupid switch .
1	it works good , push to contact , leave to no contact .
1	this sustain pedal is decent , especially for the price .
1	overall , great buy for the price .
1	this product did the job and works great .
1	this pedal works great with our keyboard .
1	i kept having problems finding it with my foot or having it move .
1	( glue would work too . )
1	i even put little rubber feet on the other side of the board .
1	this setup works perfectly .
1	it will get a great deal of use on stage .
1	it works just as advertised without any trouble at all .
1	quite a strange bug related to a product .
1	overall , this works just fine for me .
1	i 've been using it with my ypt-300 , and it is working perfectly !
1	this sustaining pedal is just what you need with your new keyboard .
1	better off going with a casio pedal if you own this brand of keyboard .
1	this yamaha pedal feels of good quality , and it functions as advertised .
1	otherwise , the polarity is incorrect , and the pedal may not function correctly .
1	my music is a little better but the pedal itself works great .
1	i read the comments about it working backwards and tried some experiments .
1	to fix it just turn the power off and on again .
1	the peddle itself looks fairly well constructed especially considering it 's low price .
1	this is a bargain and certainly fills the bill for me .
1	get used to this and i am sure you will appreciate the bargain .
1	i purchased cakewalk hs2002 when it first came out .
1	there is a lot that you can do for a home studio !
1	this is not for beginner musicians .
1	recording audio and midi so easily is so amazing in this product .
1	you get a bunch of loop writing programs to install as well .
1	i am in 180 degrees of opposition to the `` sour grapes '' reviews .
1	having read the review after ordering i was worried .
1	however haveing spent just a day with it my concerns are gone .
1	for drum loops use `` fruity loops '' ( on the cd ) .
1	cakewalk is as competent a sequencer as any individual musician could possibly need .
1	yamaha is really good at producing good-sounding guitars at low prices .
1	unlike other cheap guitars at the same price , these do n't sound horrible .
1	however , yamaha is merely average when it comes to true guitarists ' guitars .
1	many squier guitars that cost around ... are not that good .
1	another thing about squiers .
1	they are not as well built as some yamahas .
1	their amp jacks tend to get loose every once in a while .
1	another important thing for beginners .
1	the slimmer necks make it easier to play if you 're a beginner .
1	you get everything you need with this package .
1	the guitar book is pretty good although there are better ones .
1	it comes with an extra set of strings and picks .
1	its a good deal , i highly recommend it .
1	granted , you will need pedals to assist you and perhaps a decent amp .
1	if you do n't like it email me at jcsilva1606 @ gmail.com rock on
1	i bought one of these thinking it would be a peice of junk .
1	but it is very sturdy and it sounds good .
1	the best part is it comes with evrything you need .
1	and it stays in tune for ever .
1	i recommend this guitar for begginers and advanced .
1	but the price here is a bit high .
1	but if you go to sportsmensguide.com you can get it for 50 bucks cheaper .
1	i recieved this guitar package as a christmas gift only a few days ago .
1	my first time to play a guitar was on christmas day .
1	the method book is very easy to understand .
1	in my opinion , the guitar sounds and looks great !
1	i am very pleased .
1	the price is highly economical .
1	i have seen many other beginner packs selling for more than $ 300 .
1	it is also manufactured by yamaha , which is a very trusted brand .
1	i love this guitar .
1	it is well built and great if your a beginner .
1	it even includes an amplifier .
1	$ 200 for a guitar and amp : great .
1	it has cool tuning machines .
1	i have a more advanced guitar though now .
1	clear audio instead of ticky like before .
1	i even put it near the engine of my car and revved the engine .
1	did n't get overwhelmed and captured all of the audio .
1	this mini microphone attaches to my voice recorder and is a perfect fit .
1	i 'm using this recorder for acappella singing .
1	bought this item because i needed to improve the efficiency of my recorder microphones .
1	i gave this accessory to my husband as an early christmas present .
1	he uses it through biking to recording our daughter and it does its job !
1	makes the video voice quality all the more amazing !
1	i received this mic in a very timely manner , and it works good .
1	all is well ... thanks..
1	i used it to mic a recital .
1	the sound quality was excellent .
1	i would highly recommend this product to everyone !
1	very nice , very sensitive for the price .
1	hope this helps to anyone interested on buying it .
1	i have made , with this program , over fifteen songs .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	i was plesantly surprised when it arrived !
1	nice construction and awesome sound pickup .
1	i need to buy another .
1	i purchased this microphone just to compare with the mics i own already .
1	what more could you ask ?
1	it 's pretty stable too and not too heavy .
1	like another poster , i use the atr-30 mic for ham radio .
1	the money saved had paid for a good bit of quality coax .
1	and my expensive heil collects dust .
1	give it a shot , you wo n't regret it .
1	it is a great one in this price range .
1	i love the product and in-time delivery .
1	i had no problems with purchase or delivery .
1	i might even get a second one for a spare .
1	this microphone is the best for your money especially from amazon .
1	this microphone is crisp and clear .
1	no static can be heard and is a very inexpensive piece to add .
1	i would recommend it .
1	i needed a second microphone for our karaoke music stand .
1	the sound quality of this microphone is perfect for our needs .
1	it comes with a stand .
1	we did n't need that anyway , but just to let you know .
1	i could n't be happier with my purchase .
1	the mics were just what i needed for my television production class .
1	this is a first class set and as noted is almost too nice .
1	the cymbals are also loud but do have a professional sound quality .
1	do recommend this purchase .
1	by far the easiest cable i have ever worked with .
1	lesson learned , always get a longer roll !
1	this product worked just as advertised with great pleasure .
1	sounds great , a huge upgrade from my old cheapo walmart wires .
1	i used this in my home theater system for all speakers .
1	this was perfect , and cheaper than what could be found in local stores .
1	i used this cable to wire the speakers on my vintage 68 mustang .
1	i bought this stand about a year ago and can not be happier .
1	it was easy to assemble and is easy to use .
1	it is very sturdy .
1	i have kids under 5 and they play on the keyboard all the time .
1	the stand has taken the abuse and never once tipped over .
1	this was a great buy .
1	very easy to put together , adjustable height , and very strudy .
1	not much to it but that is what makes it good .
1	the casio stand is very suitable for the purpose that i purchased it .
1	it was the free shipping that clinched it for this killer and burly stand .
1	this is a great stand for beginners with beginner keyboards to use it with .
1	this is a great stand for the price .
1	but for beginners it 's a perfect fit .
1	does what it 's supposed to do .
1	i 'm surprised to see so many negative reviews for this stand .
1	i use this with my 61-key yamaha psr-k1 keyboard .
1	it is a very stable and sturdy stand .
1	i 'm 5 ' 8 '' .
1	this appears to be the standard size for this type of stand .
1	the product is wonderful .
1	it is sturdy as promised .
1	the problem is the instructions and assembly .
1	i was naive in thinking that it would come already put together .
1	the problem came with the assembly .
1	once , the stand was finally constructed , the next issue was adjustment .
1	i am disappointed in the construction part but the end product is great .
1	blame this one on `` operator error . ''
1	also it is strong and so stable .
1	of course , you need to have all the screws otherwise you are screwed .
1	: - ) anyway , i am happy with the stand .
1	assembly is easy- the instructions , however , are unnecessarily complicated .
1	just look at the picture and go from there .
1	so yeah , the stand is fine , and i recommend it .
1	the product is fine , so i rated it a 5 .
1	i worried for nothing .
1	stand is perfect for my casio ctk-720 keyboard .
1	and what a great price .
1	it is sturdy and does not take up a lot of room .
1	my husband put it together quickly with no problems finding the parts .
1	told me to be sure to give it a rave review .
1	assembly was not really a problem .
1	they logically go together , but my advice : take your time .
1	think the process through .
1	a little bit of rocking , true ; but nothing unmanageable .
1	well , that 's about it !
1	not much to the stand , really .
1	that 's why i 'll give it a *5* .
1	it 's fine ... .
1	got all the screws and went together well .
1	supports the casio keyboard well .
1	i received the stand with all pieces in the box .
1	the assembly was easy and very logical to understand .
1	the instruction manual would be difficult for most people .
1	but since when do you need instructions for something as simple as this ?
1	the stand is sturdy , so it should last a long time .
1	i think the product works great .
1	it is very sturdy .
1	i did have a problem putting it together .
1	the directions were hard to follow .
1	once assembled it is easy to adjust the height .
1	just make sure you have some patience before opening the box .
1	this stand was a perfect fit for my keyboard .
1	instructions were easy to read and item was easy to put together .
1	hightly recommend this product .
1	the instructions were written in engrish ( see engrish.com ) .
1	i do n't have any problems with my knees hitting it .
1	amazon packed this into one of their boxes .
1	all the parts were there .
1	the only gripe i have , it 's a little difficult to put together .
1	i am happy with the product .
1	first , some of the screws are pre-threaded and they need time to locate .
1	this is a sturdy design that takes some simple assembly .
1	it is however versatile and simple in design .
1	this was a great deal .
1	easy to install and works great !
1	it is very sturdy and perfect for our casio keyboard .
1	***the screws are already in place in the stand , when it arrives .
1	the keyboard stand was well packed and easy to assemble .
1	the stand arrived quite quickly , with all the screws in place .
1	it holds the extra weight just fine .
1	i bought this stand for my yamaha psr275 keyboard .
1	i thought it would fit , but it does n't .
1	other than that , it is a nice stand .
1	it 's easy to assemble .
1	i thought they were missing , but in fact they were there .
1	after reading the other reviews i was expecting problems with delivary .
1	it was in perfect condition .
1	( the screws are screwed into the ends of each leg . )
1	overall i was very pleased .
1	i did n't experience any problems at all with this product !
1	it only took a short time to set up , and is very sturdy !
1	i bought it with the psr-175 keyboard through amazon.com .
1	easy to assemble.. very sturdy.. i have 4 kids too.. not a problem ...
1	when i ordered this item , i had serious reservations because of other reviews .
1	i reported this to amazon.com .
1	when they sent the new one , it was boxed up like fort knox .
1	the new stand is sturdy and easy to put together .
1	the scan for media found loads of songs i forgot i even had .
1	i urge you to buy this software as it is outstanding by anybodys standards .
1	the killer feature for me is the super-tagging option .
1	( i suggest the dvd waking life ) .
1	i 've personally begun and abandoned the process many times .
1	once , i think i stopped to watch round 12 of the nfl draft .
1	look , up in the sky !
1	it 's a bird !
1	it 's a plane !
1	you 'll notice that the software has already highlighted its best guess .
1	`` smith_how_come_so_soon_now.mp3 '' becomes `` the smiths-meat is murder-how soon is now.mp3 . ''
1	you even control which fields go into creating the filename !
1	goodness piled upon goodness .
1	from the minute i purchased it i was completely blown away !
1	it 's easy to use and easy to sort your music .
1	my only question about buying it here would be why ?
1	you can download the product directly from their site and it costs less .
1	seems they do that right before an update .
1	musicmatch jukebox 7.0 is an excellent product .
1	i have a very fast burner with buffer under run prevention .
1	the program is properly configured to respond to your specific needs .
1	a true bargain in my book !
1	i just purchased musicmatch jukebox plus and i love it .
1	it does more than just convert audio cd 's .
1	it 's very user friendly and it 's well worth the price .
1	very happy with all aspects of the purchase and with the product .
1	just the keys are not enough if you want to play the big songs .
1	anyway i am satisfied with it
1	ca n't find this at retail stores , even though they sell the keyboards .
1	this adapter is necessary to operate my keyboard .
1	works well to keep your keyboard going without using expensive batteries all the time .
1	just plugged it in and away we went .
1	my granddaughter is three and enjoys her keyboard a lot .
1	now we do n't have to keep buying batteries .
1	she is just fine with the cord ... we were concerned needlessly .
1	ordered this separately from casio keyboard .
1	it arrived considerably sooner than the keyboard i had also ordered .
1	hav n't bought a battery yet .
1	cord is plenty long enough .
1	definitly recomend getting this accessory
1	i bought this for casio sa75 keyboard .
1	its working perfectly fine .
1	i recommend to others .
1	i 've tried it a few times with no problems .
1	a brief inspection proved the worst of my suspicions : a karaoke machine !
1	the woman is 40 years old for crying out loud .
1	what could i do ?
1	what was i to do ?
1	i grabbed the microphone ( a very nice professional-looking one ) and started crooning .
1	this unit is stronger than i had expected for such a lightweight package .
1	it was very simple to assemble .
1	i 'd even recommend this unit for light road travel .
1	we gave this to our nine year old daughter and she loves it .
1	bought this item for christmas .
1	we had lots of fun until the camera burned out .
1	the big river has great sound .
1	the sound really carries .
1	so i plan to buy more .
1	i bought this for my brother .
1	he says it is a very nice harmonica and has a good sound .
1	got this harmonica from my sister last christmas .
1	it 's in very good quality sound and very responsive .
1	hohner knows how to make a nice sounding , quality harmonicas .
1	they have been making harmonicas over 180 years .
1	this is a cheap harmonica that plays well .
1	i could n't tell the difference between them .
1	many famous harmonica players use the hohner big river harmonica .
1	what does that tell you ?
1	the big river is a great playing harmonica at a low price .
1	what more could you ask for ?
1	this was my first harmonica and it still is working great .
1	overall , really good .
1	i recomend it fully .
1	these harps have a nice , bluesy sound .
1	sent these in christmas boxes for kids in other countries .
1	i pray they will find teachers and learn how to play them .
1	this harp is great - sound , quality , everything .
1	the shipping was shockingly fast .
1	all in all , a very positive experience .
1	my husband chose this harmonica for himself .
1	as he has it , he is quite pleased with it .
1	not squeaky and well tuned .
1	i would definitely recommend this to others .
1	this is a good simple harp to start with .
1	it is easy to use and has a good sound .
1	i bought this as a birthday present for my boyfriend .
1	he loves it , and the dog hates it , haha .
1	the harmonica was in good condition .
1	the sound is beautiful , the playing is easy .
1	definitely worth every penny .
1	i learned the song fairly quickly and this harp sounds incredible .
1	this harmonica sounds great !
1	this is a cool looking cheap cable which works well .
1	i bent one of the connectors pretty badly but that was my fault .
1	you 'll be able to hear them rattle .
1	i bought theses to use while practicing with others who use black cables .
1	it 's easier to plug into different amps without cutting someone out by accident .
1	the green cable is good for that .
1	it works exactly as described .
1	and so cost effective !
1	plugged everything in , started up the game and it all worked great .
1	this fender cable is the perfect length for me !
1	sometimes i find it a bit too long but i do n't mind .
1	the build quality is great and i know that it will last .
1	fender cords look great and work just as well .
1	nice way to add color to your rig .
1	i just needed to replace my old cable and this did the job .
1	and its 18 foot length is great .
1	this is a great cable for instruments .
1	everything sounds clear and it 's a good length .
1	the color gets many compliments .
1	be the guy to introduce this to the group and they 'll love you .
1	candy apple red is dyn-o=mite ... will order candy apple green next time !
1	standout color is eany to find on stage .
1	not only are they cheaper but they seem to be holding up better .
1	these are actually very reasonably priced for 18 ' cables .
1	do not use these to connect an amplifier to a speaker cab .
1	you want to use unshielded cables for that purpose .
1	once again fender does n't disappoint .
1	these cables are the best , they improve the sound of my guitar tremendously .
1	it also eliminates some buzz i get when i hook up extra pedals .
1	great cables , ca n't do wrong with a fender .
1	i am fairly happy with these cords .
1	that was the only reason for 4 instead of 5 stars .
1	sounds wonderfu , no static or distortion , love the bright vidid color too .
1	great color and perfect length .
1	my daughter loved it .
1	have n't noticed any interference or too much noise from cable itself .
1	using with line 6 spider ii amp .
1	this is a pretty nice cable .
1	it 's very cheap for the quality of signal it passes .
1	overall , i 'm very happy with this purchase .
1	this is a great cable for all guitarist !
1	sharp looking ... ..sturdy and top quality !
1	looks great with a red guitar .
1	even works fine for drum triggers .
1	well made and it looks great with my candy apple red tele .
1	this was perfect and was fast .
1	amazon comes through again !
1	i like the bright color so i can identify my cable .
1	perfect length for a rehearsal .
1	i would buy again or point a friend or fellow musician the same direction .
1	price is right too .
1	very nice guitar cables from california cables !
1	bright red shows up on stage .
1	they are made very well and should last for quite a while .
1	get yours now at a great price .
1	get a couple for the musicians in your life for christmas !
1	this cord is extremely great quality .
1	i put it through a lot of wear and it always holds up !
1	i would recommend this to everyone .
1	i 've had this cable for several months now .
1	it 's performed well .
1	does n't feel cheap the way some other instrument cables do .
1	the candy apple red color goes well with my guitar strap .
1	the length is ideal .
1	guitars sounds great using this cable .
1	shipping an delivery was very quick .
1	midi cables are one of those things that either work or do n't .
1	this works well and is very affordable .
1	i have had great luck with all the hosa cable i 've purchased .
1	midi music is another world using this cable i can explore it .
1	good cable , good price .
1	it is what it is and does the job .
1	need a cheap midi cable that works ?
1	works and have n't had any problems with it .
1	hard to mess up a midi cable though lol
1	great for recording e-drums into daw .
1	they 're midi cables .
1	no errors and well made ... what else could you want ?
1	do people use midi anymore ?
1	it 's a cable .
1	it does cabley things .
1	not very flexible , would n't buy again .
1	more like a network cable than an instrument cord .
1	gets the job done but meh .
1	pretty basic product , worked how i needed it to .
1	husband is happy with product .
1	ca n't top that combo .
1	who needs all the spaghetti to trip on all over the place ?
1	good price here too .
1	hard to find just 10 ' mike cords .
1	usually longer ones are only obtainable .
1	so , there you go !
1	it has a limited lifetime warranty so it 's hard to beat the deal !
1	good product from a reliable company .
1	received the product very quickly .
1	i am very pleased with the audio quality from the xlr cable .
1	i will purchase same brand in the future .
1	have had zero humming or interference with other equipment that 's connected .
1	what more can i say
1	item just as described ... would buy again !
1	cheap to buy , cheaply made .
1	you get what you pay for .
1	nicely made , long , and no issues whatsover .
1	a very solid cable thus far !
1	it is a cable and it works
1	just standard midi cables .
1	great quality and a nice length .
1	lots of fun when using a real kit .
1	i 've been using it for a couple of months without a hiccup .
1	connects the 'ol doepfer lmk4+ to the usb interface beautifully .
1	like my fist connecting with bad guys ' faces .
1	great but i should have bought longer ones
1	it fits the hole it was made for , and it works as advertised .
1	i needed a midi cable from my edrums to the rock band midi adapter .
1	i use this to connect my mpk midi controller to my roland integra-7 .
1	cool does the job ! , no problems
1	it functions just as well as expensive alternatives from what i can tell .
1	yes loved it perfext timing ! !
1	works great for desktop microphone use .
1	have had no problems with this product
1	great product at a great price !
1	i 'd order again in a heartbeat !
1	i use this for live audio .
1	i bought this microphone for the karaoke system in my house .
1	based upon its price , basically i did not expect much from this one .
1	it 's a good mic .
1	i do n't have much experience with mics in general .
1	other than that , it 's standard .
1	this mic is a very good buy for its price .
1	it is lightweight to handle , but has excellent frequency response .
1	have been using it for a month and have no complaints !
1	this is a well-made full sized microphone .
1	i 'm using it with a digital voice recorder for interviews .
1	seems to work great !
1	this is a decent microphone for $ 20 .
1	it comes with an adapter with it so it fits both sized connectors .
1	the on/off button is easy to use .
1	it 's a great addition , and i plan on using it lots .
1	it 's a midi cable , not much to say .
1	arrived as advertised and on time .
1	it was what it was supposed to be .
1	works perfectly , no complaints
1	if you need a midi cable , this is the way to go
1	good quality spans in place .
1	a quality cable , no questions asked .
1	never had a problem with hosa products and these cables are no exception .
1	perhaps they fixed a problem ?
1	the cable is durable , yet very flexible .
1	that means these cables get some actual road use and they hold up .
1	cheap , but surprisingly good cable
1	does just what i ordered it for .
1	nothing much to say about .
1	get 's the job done .
1	thanks for building this cables .
1	great quality , great product .
1	easy to tell which side is up .
1	i was surprised how long it took me find a 5 prong midi cable .
1	this works like a charm .
1	i do n't know what the odds are of finding another 5 prong .
1	not much to say here .
1	the build is average , but the price is great .
1	cables work as intended .
1	this is my favorite product .
1	i always get many compliments in this .
1	i will definitely buy this again .
1	good cables , exactly what i needed !
1	i 've investigated thoroughly , and it 's definitely a mic cable .
1	3 feet is the perfect length to accomplish this .
1	so for that i give it a 4/5 but i 'm still satisfied !
1	never had a problem with hosa cables .
1	do n't like the name .
1	works as its supposed to
1	the only way i will buy my cables in the future .
1	they work just fine .
1	works great and fast delivery .
1	work great , just get them man
1	these are just what i needed to make connections .
1	ca n't go wrong with hosa cables .
1	they hold up well .
1	cheap enough to have extras too .
1	no issues with this purchase or seller .
1	stands up to stage use for years on end .
1	i 've owned and lost a few of these .
1	works fine with yamaha keyboard and digital drums
1	nice strong and flexible cabling .
1	met my needs for length from my midi keyboard to my computer midi interface .
1	cable seems to be well built of quality components .
1	mounts and works well .
1	very great quality cables !
1	i bought a bunch and they all function perfectly .
1	and at this price , ca n't go wrong .
1	fits like a glove & works like charm ! !
1	good cable , no noise as of yet
1	great cables at a great price !
1	clearly better quality than other low cost cables i 've bought through amazon .
1	relatively heavy cable ( about 1/4 inch outer diameter ) .
1	these cables are built well .
1	i would recommend them .
1	this distance needs to be kept short and this cable worked out just fine .
1	terminal ends seem real solid and the cable itself is of good quality .
1	sound is really nice when hooked to karaoke machine .
1	love that it has on/off button .
1	works like a mic .
1	works great - has the extra voltage pin required for voodoo labs ground control pro
1	fine , as expected and came fast .
1	workes prefectly , great price !
1	so far a good quality cable , have had no issues
1	nice cables without spending a lot .
1	this xlr cables are great and provide excellent sound quality .
1	cables work fine , very flexible..
1	work fine and the look is very dignifying .
1	it 's a mic cable .
1	two connectors linked by a length of cable .
1	what more do you want ?
1	i love the metal connectors and the insulated cable .
1	easy to handle and sing your heart out .
1	this little microphone exceeded my expectations .
1	it improved the casset 's sound quality mightily .
1	i am more than pleased .
1	my only suggestion is that you purchase a foam to cover the microphone .
1	love this microphone use it for my voice recorder nice sturdy heavy .
1	i was worried about how cheap it was .
1	but the quality is that of a $ 50 midi cable .
1	should have bought this one in the first place .
1	works great with my m-audio midi keyboard .
1	simple , good price .
1	works for me just fine .
1	great product as expected from hosa .
1	quick delivery thanks to the seller and to the very affordable amazon prime service .
1	thanks again for making me a happy customer !
1	the cables are what i need , we 'll constructed and fit snug .
1	i like my purchase and recommendations for all .
1	used this between a wireless microphone receiver and an amplified speaker .
1	just what i needed .
1	it 's a mic cable by hosa , what else can i say ?
1	hosa has been around for a long time .
1	cable seems well made , we 'll se about durability .
1	i use this hosa pxf-110 unbalanced interconnect cable , xlr3f to 1/4 in .
1	it 's working very well .
1	good price and shipping on time .
1	this item is as advertised .
1	would recommend product and store front too .
1	wanted rean connectors ( long story ) , but they do the same job .
1	they serve my purpose very well .
1	this is a good cable for the price and it got here early
1	works just like they are supposed to .
1	i got this to connect a few audio processing effects to my audio interface .
1	the cable is worth buying .
1	happy with the whole transaction , will buy more
1	it is an xlr microphone cable .
1	they are well built and will last .
1	miidi cables do n't have to be fancy .
1	get the length that best reduces your cable clutter .
1	they are good midi cables .
1	well built and they last .
1	you do n't need fancy cables for midi
1	i needed this cable for a project !
1	good product delivery on time
1	great length to connect my midi controller to my computer .
1	fits perfectly into the 5-pin din jack on my korg volca bass .
1	the cable works as exspected .
1	thats abvery minor issue tho
1	did what a cable is supposed to do .
1	good quality - good price - well packaged
1	a great cable for the short distances .
1	not much to go wrong here .
1	bought these for connecting a dual wireless microphone receiver to my mixer .
1	easy and quick setup without a mess of extra cable laying around your gear .
1	this cable was tust length i needed to fit in portable mixer box .
1	the cable is exactly as advertised .
1	it is a good quality cable and performs perfectly for me every week .
1	it 's cheap and it works .
1	these work very well for my midi setup
1	worked great for my needs !
1	i purchased two of these for a karoke system and they work great .
1	purchased this mic for kareoke hobby on weekends .
1	the mic has a great sound , feals heavy duty .
1	no batteries needed and great price !
1	buy it and you can spend time interesting .
1	bought this for my daughter to use for karaoke .
1	excellent volume and seems quite sturdy .
1	fantastic price and great quality .
1	i luv to karaoke and this worked wonderfully well with my karaoke/p.a .
1	great unit , works very well .
1	works well with sdp-6 and beatbuddy
1	works great , saved me a trip to guitar center .
1	not a lot to tell , it is a midi cable .
1	but it is constructed well with metal ends , and was reasonably priced .
1	i would buy it again .
1	i would recommend a minimum 10 ft cord .
1	i would have gotten the 15 or 20 ft cable if ordered again .
1	use this unbalanced cable , not a balanced one if connecting to a mic .
1	it works just what i needed
1	got just what i expected .
1	this is great for my microphone .
1	i have the ddj sb2 and i love it .
1	this cable is good .
1	so do n't expect magic .
1	it 's nice being able to consolidate the equipment and cable clutter .
1	i would recommend this to anybody .
1	the cable fits snugly into the receptacle .
1	seems to handle audio just fine so i find it acceptable .
1	happy to place it in my kit .
1	solid mic cables at an affordable price .
1	i use these to run from my mixer to jbl powered speakers .
1	sound is clear and no problems so far
1	hosa products are a good bang for the buck .
1	strain resistance seems like it should hold up well under medium duty use .
1	i have never had a problem with hosa cables .
1	i use them for everything in my home studio .
1	well made and i 've never had one fail .
1	these cables work fine with powered speakers that have xlr inputs .
1	xlr microphone cables are line-level and work fine with powered speakers .
1	xlr mic cables can be used with powered speakers , but not passive speakers .
1	xlr speaker cables can only be used with passive speakers .
1	most xlr cables available on amazon are microhpone line-level , including these .
1	i have mine connected to my m-audio keystation pro 88 and focusrite scarlett 18i8 .
1	no signal errors are showing up .
1	no problems and everything as advertised .
1	does what it does .
1	what else could i say ?
1	i bought this cable as a shorter replacement .
1	leads me to wonder about its longevity .
1	these deliver that so far .
1	arrived in two days connected to my keyboard and works perfect .
1	great product at a great price !
1	it 's a midi cable and it works
1	finally a short midi cable !
1	still rockin ' 2 years after purchase and working perfectly .
1	works perfectly after a year !
1	i bought these to go from my board to the amp .
1	we use them for a mobile church so they take a beating .
1	they are still going strong .
1	the xlr adapters are made from stronger steel than other cables .
1	i would recommend this to anyone looking for a cheap audio recording solution .
1	i like hosa and rapco cables .
1	never have any complaints on the quality and reliability .
1	will definitely purchase more as needed .
1	this is of high quality , and is exactly the size i need .
1	detail is good taken care of .
1	perfect short xlr cable .
1	i needed something short for a run from a desktop mic to a mixer .
1	fittings seem to be high quality .
1	the 3 ' cable is perfect .
1	so far , no connection issues .
1	sound quality is good .
1	less likely to trip over long cables .
1	pretty good for the money but not a top end cable .
1	however for the price point this was pretty good
1	using to connect microphone to analog mixer and it functions very well .
1	good product for price .
1	lighter duty , great for home use , not recommended for professionals .
1	good price , great delivery !
1	does what it says on the tin !
1	perfect for what it is !
1	the cable jacket is nice and soft feeling .
1	it is not that hard and stiff pvc coating .
1	it plugs in secure and it works .
1	perfect , sturdy , and stable .
1	i needed a rigged cable that is n't easily broken and looks really nice .
1	great response time with each keystroke .
1	great cable , great quality !
1	they are working really well thanks
1	strong cable , suits my needs .
1	no complaints as of today .
1	would work great on any karoake machine i would imagine ! ! !
1	so after that is all said i would really recommend this product .
1	works great , cost was great , shipped quickly , fantastic !
1	not using it professionally but i bet it would do just fine .
1	add a pop filter , and you 've got a decent microphone .
1	it does the job .
1	proper length , quality is good .
1	great midi cable , reliable .
1	it does what it needs to do .
1	been using for gigs on my midi foot controller and it 's been reliable .
1	i adore hosa mid-310 black 10 ft. midi cable and have had no problems .
1	my rc300 sent tempo info to my sr16 right away
1	these are great and inexpensive cables .
1	they are well build and inexpensive .
1	i will purchase these cables again .
1	just needed to go from the mixer to the cordless mic piece .
1	long cords are a mess .
1	much like other hosa products i have purchased , these are solid cables .
1	i am using to run mics to a mixer .
1	these are quality cables with clean sound .
1	i would recommend this product .
1	great non-kink cable , no noise , great connectors .
1	this was exactly what i was after .
1	before i used a 20 foot cord to go about 12 inches .
1	good music to all !
1	each one has worked flawlessly and been the best value .
1	i look for hosa when i look for audio cables .
1	it was perfect for this application .
1	i have n't used the cables long enough to comment on durability .
1	needed a shorter cable .
1	could n't find one locally but found one here on amazon .
1	it does what is expected of it .
1	the cord is nice and flexible .
1	moldings around connectors are going to work out nicely .
1	not sure how long it will last with regular use .
1	but i will update this at that point .
1	packaging was of good quality as well .
1	excellent service and the midi cables are great .
1	i will be in touch .
1	works great , shipped fast !
1	this cable is very good quality .
1	i would recommend this as a serious studio cable .
1	it 's a sexy cable .
1	does the trick for my home studio .
1	works just like it intended .
1	good length , and did n't gouge me on price .
1	the cables were fine .
1	very well made , felt solid , and fit the port very tightly .
1	sturdy construction no complaints what so ever .
1	fast shipping item as described .
1	works great , does n't look cheap
1	this item fits the bill for that .
1	i tested it with several microphones and the audio quality seemed adequate .
1	the volume level was perfectly adequate as well .
1	so from a technical perspective , it worked perfectly .
1	the build quality of the product is also good .
1	it works for that purpose .
1	trs stands for `` tip , '' `` ring '' and `` sleeve . ''
1	note : the wiring diagram reflects the cable 's internal wiring .
1	a sticker labels `` pin 2 hot . ''
1	it did the trick .
1	it would probably work , just no real stereo effect .
1	does what it 's supposed to !
1	a good affordable replacement .
1	working well so far .
1	they worked and arrived as scheduled !
1	works exactly like it 's supposed to , not much else to say !
1	i 've been more than happy with this cable .
1	so far it has functioned flawlessly !
1	thank you ! ! !
1	timely and i got exactly what i wanted .
1	no issues , works as expected .
1	the cable is soft , flexible , and easy to manage .
1	the metal connectors and strain relievers are sturdy and fit well .
1	not the best on the market , and not the worst .
1	hosa is a go-to brand for decent quality at a fair price .
1	ca n't go wrong .
1	work well and as it should .
1	the midi cables are just what i needed ... thanks !
1	great price , alto go !
1	i purchased as gift ; my friend loves it .
1	he had it for a month now and it works as expected .
1	and it really looks nice ;
1	my daughter loves it .
1	plug it into an amp and away they go !
1	we 've had it for a year now and it works as expected .
1	i bought 2 of these for an outdoor pa system at a baseball field .
1	for the price , they were fantastic .
1	quality built , nice acoustic performance , long cord .
1	quick shipping and the item is in great condition .
1	way worth the price !
1	highly recommend this seller to any/everyone ! !
1	i would have given it 4 1/2 stars if i could .
1	very sturdy cable without any feedback .
1	i would buy this product again in a longer length .
1	cable was perfect for my needs .
1	replaced a defective one .
1	worked fine , but it 's a little thin
1	this cable is perfect and the quality is great .
1	i usually pay over 30 dollars for this type of cable quality and length .
1	i give it a 9/10 .
1	i highly recommend this cable and most of the hosa products .
1	use it every week at gigs .
1	solid , no problems with the solder joints .
1	a good quality cable at a very good price .
1	no complaints , great value .
1	no problems at all with this cable , very high quality !
1	nice solid cables , with excellent support at the ends .
1	there are times when a short mic cable is needed .
1	in my case , i use it for my wireless receiver to the mixer .
1	the quality is real good and the connections are snug for a good connection .
1	i have never had trouble with hosa ,
1	luckily this one is also durable and cheap .
1	would n't hesitate to buy another if i needed it .
1	could n't find better at this price point .
1	perfect for my midi guitar pedals .
1	this is all you need for a good midi cable .
1	this deal exceeded my expectations !
1	the lenovo t420 was a great deal at the low price offered .
1	the pc was in great condition and worked perfect .
1	i added another 4gb ram to max out the ram at 8gb .
1	this will be a super laptop .
1	shipping was very fast .
1	i would recommend buying from this company .
1	excellent , durable , great quality
1	just what i needed .
1	no need for any setup .
1	just remember midi out goes to midi in .
1	and midi in goes to midi in and every thing just works !
1	hosa products are the only i trust for live performances .
1	these are really long , and they work .
1	what else is there to say ?
1	best midi cable i 've used
1	this is a simple but a little unusual adapter .
1	first , it 's construction is pretty light weight .
1	second , the adapter only has a one foot in length cable on it .
1	it pays to shop around !
1	great product , great service will order again if i have a need .
1	better than average quality for this price range .
1	just fine - like the picture shows .
1	this midi cable works perfect !
1	pretty heavy duty jacks .
1	great functioning cable ; perfect length needed for my application .
1	spend the extra few dollars and go the pro route .
1	i use them in the studio but they would work well on stage .
1	i believe the same to be true for their pro audio cables .
1	it looks really nice .
1	it 's one of the best midi cable i have ever seem .
1	you need a 10 foot midi cable ?
1	well , this one is just that .
1	it 's a cord , and it works .
1	the metal connectors have a quality look .
1	they are also pretty flexible .
1	get them , you 'll be happy .
1	the metal connectors have a quality look .
1	they are also pretty flexible .
1	get them , you 'll be happy .
1	good quality for the money .
1	just what i needed .
1	had no problems with this cables .
1	just what i needed .
1	for my purposes this worked out great .
1	perfect size for connecting multi-vocal effects units .
1	well made connectors , quickly shipped and durable .
1	for that , it does well .
1	it suits my desktop recording needs perfectly .
1	i would definitely order other cables made by hosa .
1	all in all a very good cable .
1	sound quality is clear and i hear no extra noise or hiss .
1	i would buy these again in an instant if needed .
1	no need for a long review but it works .
1	i haved used them all and still prefer hosa .
1	i am hard on cables .
1	i have yet to have a hosa cable fail me .
1	i actually use these for my mic cables and to run powered speaker signal .
1	these cables are rugged and well made .
1	they snapped in easily and were the perfect length for my home theater setup .
1	excellent cables for the money !
1	it 's a cable .
1	no weird noises in the background caused by it .
1	what more can you ask for ?
1	it works , and arrived quickly .
1	just a cable that does what it should .
1	great quality at a great price .
1	recommend them to anyone .
1	these cables work well , even in very warm situations .
1	it gets quite hot back there , but the signal stays true .
1	i would buy these again .
1	great price good selection .
1	fast delivery as always .
1	i 'm very pleased with this microphone .
1	the volume level is good .
1	it 's a quality microphone at a reasonable price .
1	for just $ 15 , this mic is a bargain .
1	it picks up my voice clear and loud !
1	do wish the wire is a couple feet longer though .
1	i personally have 3 microphones that range from $ 5 to $ 200 .
1	shipping was on schedule so no complaints here at all .
1	this is a great cable ... a little smaller in diam .
1	this thing is built like a tank .
1	the connectors are made with a chunky metal jacket that 's smooth and bright .
1	oh ... the connectors are heavy .
1	the soft limp cable bends easily and has a quality feel .
1	however , the shield is not connected to the metal jacket around the connector .
1	perhaps this is to prevent ground loops between metal-cased instruments .
1	the rubber strain relief on each end is n't designed to prevent wire pullout .
1	a simple metal crimp holds the cable tightly .
1	while lesser midi cables may have only three conductors , this one has five .
1	the two extra lines carry 5-volts from one instrument to the next .
1	some gear use this to detect when other gear is connected .
1	the plugs fit nicely into midi jacks .
1	it 's a firm and solid connection with very little wiggle .
1	the shiny metal makes them easier to locate behind a dark rack or synthesizer .
1	there are never any missing/stuck notes or noticable latency from first instrument to last .
1	the aforementioned `` floating '' metal jacket does n't degrade the midi signal .
1	a tiny kvetch ... the screw on one connector appeared to be slightly crooked .
1	i thought initially that it was loose or cross-threaded - it was neither .
1	the screw-hole was not chamfered neatly all the way ` round .
1	this affected nothing electrically or mechanically , so i simply screwed it back in .
1	the screws on my five other hosa midi cables were both straight and tight .
1	four stars for performance and quality - with one extra for value .
1	they are quite inexpensive for what you get .
1	i 've spent many hours happily clogging midi streams through these .
1	stop reading and buy some so you can too : - )
1	much nicer than the cheap plastic ended midi cables .
1	looks and feels better , but also locks into place a bit better .
1	i made my first song on garageband using these .
1	what else can i say .
1	hosa cables are as much a part of my music as the sounds themselves .
1	i 've used these cables for years and they 've always performed 100 % .
1	these cables function great for the intended use .
1	i like the quality of the connectors , and the flexibility of the cable .
1	there is no memory effect to deal with in these midi cables .
1	would recommend these cables to anyone , especially at this price point .
1	only works if you also have the 25 ft stereo headphone cable too !
1	works great with my gh5 ( for such a cheap price ) .
1	i 'll review again , if anything changes .
1	worked perfectly between an external microphone and camcorder .
1	it 's very useful to hook up my mic to my yamaha mox8
1	i miss this thing .
1	it was stolen along with other equipment .
1	great little strong adapter .
1	well it 's a midi cord so it connects two midi ports .
1	exactly as described and they work fine .
1	best price for midi cables this length that i could find .
1	not much else to say really .
1	an excellent value for the money .
1	the cables arrived one day after ordering .
1	i only asked for two day , but hey i am not complaining .
1	thick cable , great sound quality and good quick/secure connections .
1	3 ft is good size for on camera connections with zoom mic .
1	the build quality seems good , with descent-quality connectors .
1	i have used it to patch together audio gizmos .
1	the hosa xlr cables are affordable and very heavily made .
1	i have a large mixer and rack and cables everywhere .
1	i decided to purchase shorter cables and the hosa cables 5ft measurement worked perfectly .
1	you really will not be disappointed with these .
1	i was having problems with noise in a recording system .
1	replaced a 15 ft generic cable with this and the noise is gone .
1	the connectors are well made and heavy gauge .
1	this is actually a pretty nice cable .
1	i honestly was not expecting something so solid at this price .
1	i am going to buy a third !
1	good length - i can stretch it anywhere in my home studio .
1	hosa produces my favorite midi cables .
1	recommended purchase for your midi setup
1	i 've been using this cable for a few months with no issues .
1	solid construction for an economy cable .
1	does n't have the fancy name , but suits the purpose .
1	works like a charm .
1	just what i needed .
1	came quickly as well .
1	works like a charm .
1	just what i needed .
1	came quickly as well .
1	great cables ; these are very sturdy , high quality midi cables .
1	ca n't beat them for the price .
1	great cables ; these are very sturdy , high quality midi cables .
1	ca n't beat them for the price .
1	this is the exact reason i wanted this cable .
1	it 's well made .
1	see the photos i took of the cable gauge .
1	i use it to connect my mic to my dslr .
1	arrived quickly and as expected .
1	great product for the need .
1	does a good job .
1	it 's got a nice clean feed .
1	i 'm sure it would work well with dslrs as well .
1	it also was not as long .
1	works exactly as described .
1	an excellent cable connection between professional xlr microphones and consumer camcorders .
1	hosa makes very high quality cables , no line hum or hiss .
1	have no complaints thus far .
1	does exactly what it is supposed to do .
1	cable is high quality .
1	it is great product , works , no issues .
1	it was shipped on time .
1	i wish the attachments were a bit stronger .
1	great cable and works flawless on a number of keyboards .
1	great length for flexibility and they work great with my equipment .
1	seems well made and connected smoothly .
1	i twitch stream , and this works beautifully .
1	so easy , simple to setup , works perfectly .
1	hosa is a trusted name for audio products .
1	this cable appears to be well built , from quality materials .
1	this new cable fixed the issue .
1	good cable no complaints or problems .
1	if you do n't have one , now is your chance .
1	i wish i had gotten mine 15 years ago !
1	good cable , great price !
1	this is exactly what i was expecting .
1	the quality seems ok.. i am using it daily with no problems .
1	great product , performed as advertised .
1	great product , performed as advertised .
1	and a good price ... .
1	well built , not shoddy .
1	good connection despite the length .
1	just what the doctor ordered !
1	not a deal breaker though .
1	perfect , thank you .
1	it works great i use it to plug additional mic for interviews .
1	i already had one , but got another for a two-camera setup .
1	wonderful cable that is possibly too short depending on how you 're using it .
1	what 's there to say ?
1	this cable works with no noticeable latency .
1	it fit my needs perfectly !
1	sturdy cable , works great .
1	it works and it 's cheap and fair priced
1	i use it to plug my casio cz101 into massive and it works great
1	just what i needed .
1	now i get better audio on my videos using an external mic
1	a little short for my liking .
1	this is so useful for those who is too lazy to connect .
1	just as advertised , and fast shipping !
1	bought these and rewired to use with our red camera .
1	well made and inexpensive .
1	exactly what we needed .
1	i had purchased another product that had a cord like this in it .
1	it is much better than the one i got with my prepaid set .
1	i would recommend this product !
1	works well , is long .
1	worked great and the price is right
1	great price and does the job !
1	excellent product , very happy with it
1	misinformation is put out on this site , sometimes even by a vendor .
1	does just what it 's supposed to do .
1	it was slightly too short for my needs .
1	i ordered another one , this time two feet .
1	fortunately they 're quite inexpensive .
1	this worked well to solve a problem on a sound board
1	does what i expected .
1	i wanted to try out my xlr mic going directly into my mac .
1	it works and that is why i purchased it
1	hosa are basically the industry standard and it 's not easy to see why .
1	they 're very well made to stand up to the rigors of any studio .
1	works ... what else need be said ?
1	cheap priced midi cable .
1	does what it 's intended to do , and does it well .
1	will buy again if i ever need another midi cable .
1	nice and tight with the midi pro adapter..works great !
1	nice price and works perfect for my mic .
1	this replaces a very old adapter i had been using .
1	handy to have and something i use a lot .
1	this cable seems to mainly be to connect a xlr mic to a camera .
1	short , i know .
1	it 's a good product
1	just what i wanted and it performs perfectly
1	i needed this cord to connect a boom mic to a canon vixia camcorder .
1	it is a slightly flimsy cord though .
1	this is well made and works well .
1	worked perfectly for my use with a neewer brand boom mic .
1	the adapter is very well made , it 's a very good deal .
1	mates my drum machine to my keyboard rig .
1	used this to connect my simmons drum kit via midi interface for rock band .
1	exactly as advertised and arrived very promptly
1	very happy with this product !
1	i prefer these over the metallic ended ones .
1	it is easier to plug in and they work great .
1	another great deal from hosa .
1	i 'll being buying more of there products for sure .
1	works great for my dslr !
1	works prefect using a rode ntg with my canon 70d .
1	i like the 90 deg angle mini-plug to keep it from getting a short .
1	perfect for desk top use with my lap top computer .
1	i 'm happy with it .
1	nothing to get tangled , misused , or confused .
1	more products should be like this .
1	this is perfect for the go pro !
1	this cable is sturdy and does its job perfectly .
1	this belongs to my husband , have n't heard any complaints !
1	helps me with what i need to do
1	it does exactly what i expect it too and its a great price !
1	great cable for the job .
1	its a midi cable .
1	work great for connecting one of my wireless mic systems to my cameras .
1	high quality & cost effective .
1	exactly what was needed .
1	no real problems yet , will update if they arise .
1	i also enjoy the freedom with 15 ft. of cable to roam .
1	a standard hosa piece .
1	product exceeded expectation and was delivered as promised !
1	great product ... many thanks
1	no complaints , works as should & very useful , also a great price .
1	good quality cables at a good price .
1	cheap , reliable midi cable .
1	would buy more if i had more instruments to use them with .
1	works as it should .
1	midi doesnt need anything fancy .
1	just buy it and move on ! !
1	works like it 's suppose to .
1	good build quality , works well for connecting to my dslr for interviews .
1	this worked great for my rode ntg2 to my panasonic gh4 .
1	just what i needed !
1	the earphone port on an ipad doubles as a audio input .
1	just what i was looking for .
1	exactly what it says it is , works great .
1	as stated and as expected .
1	needed for camcorder mic .
1	excellent microphone adapter for my pyle pdmicr42bk microphone .
1	this is not for a phantom powered condenser mic .
1	hosa makes good stuff .
1	it 's strong , well priced and it works with all my synths .
1	thank you for the invention of midi and also for this cable !
1	i can now use my dx21 with my computer again
1	it 's strong , well priced and it works with all my synths .
1	thank you for the invention of midi and also for this cable !
1	i can now use my dx21 with my computer again
1	exactly what i needed .
1	seems very sturdy & well made .
1	i 'm sure there wo n't be any issues or problems with it .
1	top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
1	not much to describe here .
1	cables are 5 foot and work to connect my keyboard to my midi processor .
1	appears to be well made .
1	i 've been looking for this forever !
1	excited about filming at nyfw with this easy to connect mic cord into my dslr
1	audio sounded perfect with my shotgun microphone .
1	just shows how great of a connection the audio jack has !
1	great purchase , works as expected
1	it gives a very clear signal , with little to no distortion .
1	works as described and not 100000000 $ like all the other adapters .
1	does the job and for a great price !
1	one snag i ran into it how the wire itself is not one foot .
1	maybe altogether , but not the wire .
1	just something you may want to consider .
1	perhaps include a short extender in your order just to be safe .
1	just what i wanted .
1	not sure how long it will last but it works
1	this is the one i want to buy .
1	it 's works great !
1	did the trick but looks cheaply made
1	useful and handy works as intended
1	outstanding quality , solid , no lag cable .
1	it 's a freaking midi din cable .
1	good value , especially if you have prime !
1	get to tha choppa !
1	the ends fit very well on both the fast lane and my korg .
1	thank you amazon for selling professional music gear on your site .
1	i dread the thought of stopping in my local guitar center to buy anything .
1	anyone that 's had that experience knows what i 'm talking about .
1	received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door .
1	no traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission .
1	thank you amazon for selling professional music gear on your site .
1	i dread the thought of stopping in my local guitar center to buy anything .
1	anyone that 's had that experience knows what i 'm talking about .
1	received it in just a couple days in flawless condition right to my door .
1	no traveling around and haggling with vultures who work off of a commission .
1	no details to share .
1	they 're solid midi cables .
1	what else is there to ask ?
1	sure , but that 's always the case with anything .
1	what else is there to say ?
1	it 's a midi cable .
1	it does n't have bad bo .
1	it does n't sneak out at night and prey on young children .
1	it 's a decent cable .
1	this did just what i needed .
1	it is nothing special , it just works .
1	the connections seem substantial and the cable is strong but flexible .
1	good quality , fair price .
1	connected it right up with no problem ... thumbs up ...
1	purchased this product for my canon 70d & rode reporter microphone .
1	it took 2 weeks to arrive from us to istanbul , turkey .
1	( which is pretty fast ) .
1	strongly recommend the product .
1	definitely worth the price .
1	all items were delivered as promised .
1	works well for my purposes .
1	i use it for recording drums when i need more versatility .
1	all other midi i record through direct usb .
1	what can one say about two cables ?
1	this cable has work great .
1	no issues despite the length .
1	happy with its performance .
1	i have relied on hosa quality for 20 years .
1	high end cable snobs may disagree , but never a problem here .
1	these are my favorite cables .
1	the cable is flawless and a great bargain .
1	there is no latency - would have to be waaayy longer for that .
1	price was right , easy to install , arrived quickly .
1	hooked it up and it has worked fine ever since .
1	the cable simply works and it is very sturdy .
1	exactly what you 're looking for .
1	definitely a good price !
1	its a xlr to 3.5mm cable .
1	used for a gaming mic on a pc .
1	it works as expected , and seems well built .
1	not a lot can be said but it works.. no complaints .
1	the product is exactly as described .
1	like all hosa products - solid connection
1	this is the 2 foot cable and it 's length is perfect !
1	5 stars from me !
1	but it works well ! < < <
1	this is well made , has held up well , and works as advertised .
1	great price as well .
1	it came on time and works great .
1	works great , fits tightly , and ... uhhh ... midis like a champ .
1	midi signals fly through it like they might through a more expensive one .
1	works fine on my yamaha dd-65 to connect to my sound card .
1	squirt midi in one end , midi come out other end !
1	decent quality cable , not super heavy duty or anything .
1	what else is there for anybody to expect from a molded midi cable ?
1	it works as advertised .
1	perfect for my shure sm48 and sm58 mono mics .
1	it is vary - good !
1	great and handy product for attaching pro mics to my dslr & video cameras !
1	it works with no noise .
1	internet search for `` microphone phantom power '' for more information .
1	audio sounds great through this adapter !
1	perfect for interviews or whatever else .
1	good reasonably priced product .
1	i ordered eight of them to connect our wireless mic set to the mixer .
1	they are a very durable cable and they work very well .
1	i need a shorter cable and this fit the bill perfectly .
1	it arrived just when it was expected .
1	i rate this product five stars !
1	the price is great !
1	i would recommend this product to anyone who needs pro cables for pro sound .
1	hosa technology is great !
1	in the wrong hands , this cable could rule the world !
1	hosa pro cables do the job very well as expected .
1	high quality , well built .
1	i would suggest it .
1	it 's a great midi cable !
1	it plugs in here , it plugs in there , it transfers data .
1	what more do you want ?
1	what more amazon ? ?
1	connected my midi devices very well .
1	used to connect my roland td-11 to the rock band midi adapter .
1	it 's just a cable , after all !
1	i used these to connect several midi modules to my allen theater organ .
1	the perfect length , and decent quality .
1	it works , no worries .
1	the cable is well made .
1	the ends snap into place well .
1	and for my application the signal path is silent .
1	for any connection from racked sound modules , this will be perfect .
1	let 's you convert mono mic input to dual speaker output .
1	this work well for my camera and microphone setup
1	great for my handycam .
1	good size came on time and it fits oerfext
1	got the job done , was a little shorter than expected .
1	please look up to see if your mic is stereo or mono
1	product arrived as expected and works fine
1	this fender 10 ' red guitar lead is stylish and relatively noise-free .
1	i have a mogami and ca n't justify the price .
1	this one works as well and sound as good .
1	the colour matches exactly with my guitar ( candy apple red ) .
1	the quality of parts is also solid and feels great when touched .
1	not a long cable so pay attention to the length .
1	too early to tell about longevity .
1	they look nice and work great so far .
1	will follow up if anything changes !
1	there 's nothing much to say .
1	not your best option out there .
1	good quality , fast delivery ! ! !
1	wish i wouldve got a long cord
1	this one is a good product and works just fine
1	works pretty well surprisingly for what one pays for it .
1	pretty durable and connects nice and tight .
1	you wo n't regret it .
1	i am thoroughly satisfied by this cable and shipment service .
1	this cable is very useful for my small home studio .
1	good price and good service !
1	used with the xbox360 midi adapter .
1	hosa , always the company to go to for those speciality cable needs
1	serves a purpose , solves a problem .
1	very well packaged and performs as described .
1	nice cable for video camera shotgun mic .
1	works great , although you still have to remove a ground sound
1	great product that meets my needs .
1	that cable also cost twice as much for a much shorter length .
1	exactly what i needed .
1	nice , just what i wanted .
1	worked perfect for me on an important shoot .
1	make sure you know what this does .
1	dont get the wrong one .
1	good product and it works well with my video camera .
1	what can you san about a cable that does its job .
1	this item arrived on time and was exactly as advertised .
1	perfect length for attaching a shotgun mic to the hot shoe of a dslr
1	have n't had any problem .
1	i used it for my road mic to hook up to my sony camera .
1	technology or parts fail once and a while .
1	exactly what i needed and thought i was getting .
1	worked well and cable material/length was just as described .
1	it 's a well made xlr cable .
1	lightweight cable with very good connectors .
1	very much the same cable you would pay 20 $ plus for .
1	has been working for many jams ! !
1	you ca n't go wrong with hosa cables and connectors .
1	i use my hosa cables for patching between wireless receivers and my mixing board .
1	`` 0 '' failure rate with moderate to heavy use .
1	it works very well !
1	i would recommend this !
1	connects well and easy to use and yeah its good
1	there were no problems .
1	the build and quality were what i expected .
1	i would buy this again if i had to .
1	just bear in mind this is for a single cable .
1	what else is to be said ?
1	just what i needed .
1	good quality from hosa .
1	great price and great quality .
1	i will be purchasing more items in the future .
1	worked perfect , minimal interference would buy again .
1	this was a replacement cable .
1	worked great , had no issues with it !
1	great mic cable at a great price .
1	does the job very well !
1	i 'm really happy with the build quality of this cable .
1	wonderful fit with my shure beta 87a microphone .
1	this is one of the best connectors that i have ever used .
1	it 's seriously great .
1	it does n't rattle around at all , and it supports awesome quality sound .
1	does what it 's supposed to do .
1	the product is good condition , no probleme .
1	first item was defective , but freely replaced by amazon .
1	does what it says .
1	i 'm using with a panasonic g-3 dslr , and it works perfect .
1	i could only wish for a few more inches of wire .
1	it is 5 feet long .
1	it is a midi cable .
1	there 's not much else to say about it !
1	they 're super cheap but made with quality and work like a charm .
1	not sure what else you would need from a midi cable ...
1	i would definitely recommend this cable to anyone who needs an inexpensive midi cable .
1	perfect for out application and not a problem at all .
1	connected my wireless mic 's to the mixer and works fine .
1	it 's a 5 foot long midi to midi cable that functions perfectly fine .
1	excellent product and seller .
1	it works and it is not flimsy .
1	not much more to be said about a cable adaptor .
1	very nifty cable and works weel with the azden sgm-2x cardoid shotgun mic
1	works well with the hook up for my video camera and wireless mic .
1	which is amazing in its own right .
1	this cable resolved the issue and it works very well .
1	it worked well with my mic and the price is very good as well..
1	already tried it during a recent wedding .
1	very happy with my investment .
1	just what i needed for the pa .
1	no problems so far after about a year
1	i stand behind these cables .
1	i own several hosa patch cables and they have n't let me down yet .
1	also got a stand together i can put this vocoder any where i want .
1	have had absolutely no issues of any kind.. no noise , no static nothing
1	hosa cables have worked well for me and are a fair price .
1	i had no issues with these cables .
1	i unpacked them , plugged them in and viola , music .
1	these cables were purchased to connect my studio monitors to my multi-channel sound card .
1	it did the job perfectly .
1	i am using this for a foot switch for my guitar amplifier .
1	well built , no extraneous noise , cable is flexible .
1	i was a bit hesitant to order this cable .
1	it was 'offered ' with a recent purchase .
1	the cable arrived in the standard hosa packaging .
1	this is a plus ... the cable itself works just fine .
1	this has not proved to be an issue .
1	do n't be shy of the 'plastic ' connector .
1	it also worked perfectly in protools via midi keyboard .
1	got this for my yamaha ex5 keyboard to connect to my motu audio hardware .
1	they work great and built well also .
1	these cables did the trick for my access virus synth .
1	i 'd pay that again if i ever needed a replacement .
1	the length was more than enough for stacking the units even without special stands .
1	i am using these as midi interconnects for my synths ' midi thru ports .
1	they worked first time .
1	the cables are perfect .
1	the cables are great .
1	good quality and the angled plug is great for remote miking digital cameras .
1	i would recommend to a friend .
1	i need to carry multiple adapters .
1	there are two types of xlr to 1/8th .
1	read the specifications before ordering .
1	their explanations are excellent .
1	works as advertised , received it promptly .
1	i have to say , this is a very good cable .
1	i plugged this to my behringer microphone and use it for interviews .
1	sound is crystal clear and there is no ground , static or noise .
1	it makes good contact with the mic .
1	it is a real bargain !
1	i highly recommend it .
1	simple : it does what it says it does .
1	at a great price : )
1	then into a 40 channel high end mixing board .
1	our problem was not enough gain using this setup .
1	this gave our sound man superb control he did not have earlier .
1	packaging was retail quaility was better than expected
1	works great and seems to be made well .
1	quality economical way to end up with four properly terminated cables .
1	this is a high quality product .
1	works with microphone as intended .
1	i am very happy with it .
1	item was received as described and works well .
1	the product performs as described .
1	i enjoy using the product and use it frequently .
1	i own several of these and love them .
1	i highly recommend this adapter to any visual or audio professional .
1	also check out hosa 's sinlge xlr to double xlr splitter .
1	no issues..nice and heavy cable..good value for the money .
1	no audible distortion for home use .
1	worked fine with pa , phone , computers etc..
1	it does it job and does it cheaply .
1	the aux plug is a little cheap , but still working fine for me .
1	does exactly as it describes .
1	i 've been a fan of hosa cables for some time .
1	good cable and great price .
1	better quality than a lot of other similarly priced cables
1	good cables , i used this to connect a eq to a crown amp .
1	i purchased four of these .
1	all four came in original store package with some minor damage on the package .
1	the product inside the package was 100 % in perfect working order .
1	i asume this is why they were so cheap .
1	their loss my gain .
1	i have a collection of cables already from this store ! ! !
1	! ... .thanx , `` spiderman $ $ ''
1	midi midi midi midi midi midi
1	very inexpensive but does the job well .
1	pretty excellent midi cable for it 's price .
1	i have no problems/issues every since buying this 6 months ago .
1	i am a first time user of midi .
1	definitely no complaints about this product .
1	great for my handycam .
1	have had it for over a year , still working exactly as expected .
1	good basic accessory , well built .
1	i keep this and a dual-xlr version in my kit at all times .
1	awesome little cable to use on a dslr .
1	this is for mono use so be carefull for post editing .
1	i use this to connect a mic to my gopro 3. works great !
1	good quality for price .
1	came on tome , used it with no issues .
1	it 's a perfect means of using a hand mike with a dslr .
1	the audio comes out crisp and clear equally on both channels .
1	i used this to connect a lavalier microphone to the 7d camera .
1	it is long enough so that you can be away from your subject .
1	i needed a way to use my wireless mic through my recorder .
1	i am very happy with it .
1	i generally use this with my sennheiser lav mic system when i film events .
1	works well with sure microphone , just as advertised .
1	it 's ok , like i was expecting .
1	solid build quality , seems very durable .
1	short and sweet , just what i was looking for .
1	this is a cheap midi cable that works like a champ .
1	people walk on them .
1	this midi plug is perfect .
1	i even bought 2 right away because of the price .
1	i bought three of these inexpensive cables to hook up my keyboards and interfaces .
1	and you ca n't beat the price !
1	it 's a cable for midi that 's short !
1	there 's not much else to say about it .
1	it works as well as i would expect !
1	quality cables at a great price !
1	would order again next time i have the need for midi cables .
1	i needed this connector or my camera .
1	i would tell anyone to get this great product .
1	i have no reason not to expect proper results from it .
1	i recommend this seller .
1	when you need this , but do not have it , you feel it !
1	i use this cable to connect my microphone to my computer .
1	so it was n't the cable 's fault , just my own personal issue .
1	overall , this cable is well built and simply works
1	this is one of those , it is what it is posts .
1	works well to connect xlr to mic input on consumer camera .
1	it 's a cable what else i can say ?
1	it 's a cable .
1	it works just fine and dandy .
1	obviously you 'll need a microphone , this cable and internet access .
1	that will replay anything the microphone is picking up .
1	i used this for school .
1	what can i say ?
1	it holds up to pro application .
1	items arrived on time .
1	i used every week without a problem .
1	i used it for church .
1	i used this to connect my azden mic to my canon 5d mark iii .
1	sound turned out excellent in theaters .
1	solid reliable midi cable .
1	i plug it in and i 'm ready to go .
1	no hassle no problems and i 'm ready to make music .
1	i use this to connect my keyboard to my voicelive touch .
1	works great , no problems .
1	what else could you ask for ?
1	the product met my expectations .
1	it was expertly packaged and promptly shipped .
1	i am overall very pleased with this purchase .
1	otherwise , it 's just what i was looking for !
1	midi cables in the local music shops are outrageous .
1	yet they want as much as a monster cable for them , ridiculous .
1	i will be back to buy more if i need it .
1	do n't buy the hype when purchasing digital cables .
1	the one from radio shack seems more robust .
1	if you need a midi cable this buy this .
1	or go to radio shack for one .
1	i 've had good luck with hosa cables .
1	midi , patch , etc .
1	have n't encountered a bad one so far .
1	yes , i can say how i like it with the stars .
1	i do not like to be required to write more
1	it 's a midi cable .
1	i have n't had any issues with it .
1	the rubber grip near the edges is a nice touch .
1	works with canon t3i to any xlr microphone .
1	great quality and no reason to give it anything less than 5 stars .
1	not sure if it mixes down to stereo or just mono or mono stereo .
1	will update review when i figure that out .
1	researched reviews you can trust , cody tubbs tubbs media productions www .
1	appears to be reasonably well made , for hosa that is .
1	i really like this thing .
1	wish i would have thought of this one .
1	great bang for your buck !
1	it works fine for the handy type recorders .
1	but forget hooking this directly to a pc .
1	way too much noise .
1	i needed this cable to attach my samson microphone to my olympus digital recorder .
1	i rated 4 star because this product works the way it suppose to work .
1	nothing fancy , just a nice , solid , well-made cable .
1	some would say yes and some would say no .
1	the connectors are solid and well-molded .
1	they have good strain reliefs .
1	the cables are thick and comfortably pliable without being wimpy .
1	it 's very durable and it worked without a problem .
1	the cables work as they should and the price was great too .
1	make sure you get the proper length of cable for your needs
1	works great for connecting my midi drums to my interface card .
1	cable is of decent quality and reasonable length given the cost .
1	i 'd probably grab a couple more just to have handy .
1	good build quality , and it does its job quite well .
1	you ca n't go wrong with it .
1	well , it works fine .
1	connectors fit firm and there is no play .
1	i thought that the cable itself would be 1 foot .
1	the entire thing including the xlr connector is 1ft .
1	the cable itself is only 7-8 inches .
1	you ca n't go wrong with this cable at this price point .
1	but it works splendidly !
1	but in my case it was just right .
1	still 4-stars , but found another use .
1	i have a few hosa cables .
1	they do the job .
1	there is no quality loss , and there is no volume loss .
1	i suggest buying a longer cable .
1	you can always shorten it by wrapping it up .
1	it was as described well and it works fine .
1	what more can you ask for when buying a cord ?
1	exactly as described , well made , does its job perfectly .
1	i have had no problem with it .
1	i bought this to use with the rode ntg2 and a canon 5d mk3 .
1	but time will tell .
1	i mount both items on mini tripods with this short cable connecting them together .
1	it 's a great match for the application .
1	we needed this adapter and this was the cheapest and most professional replacement .
1	justice for kurt cobain .
1	works as it should .
1	it 's long enough to fit easily from the microphone to the camera body .
1	value is excellent for the price .
1	right out of the phantom power , to the extension , to the pc .
1	i 'm all set .
1	i do recommend a f/m 3.5 extension like i said
1	system < /a > & nbsp ; into something more useable .
1	another reason why i love this is it 's noise free .
1	firm fit , solidly molded ends , reputable branded cable .
1	seems like it 's good quality , too , and stays well connected .
1	have have no problems using these to line up all my gear .
1	like totally awesome dude !
1	these cables are built well and you simply ca n't beat the value .
1	a great addition to my home studio .
1	such low noise ratio .
1	so happy this thing functions so correctly !
1	does exactly what i needed it to do .
1	hosa makes great cable products
1	these midi cords have worked great for me .
1	have been using them now for about a month .
1	this cable works for its intended purpose , and does it well .
1	does what it is suppose to .
1	i use this to go from a maschine to a midi keyboard .
1	usb is faster so if you can do it that way , do it .
1	but this is a great product for the price .
1	the ends of the midi cable look and feel like quality .
1	if you need a one-foot midi cable , this is certainly one of those .
1	i used it to connect the midi-pro box to my rock band squier guitar .
1	this cable worked as expected .
1	it seems to be very good quality .
1	i always get great service at amazon .
1	nothing crazy , nothing special , just doing its job !
1	what important is to manage your money properly .
1	this cable works very well for my midi devices .
1	it was a great price and connected to all my devices .
1	it was long enough for my needs .
1	purchased 3 of these and all work fine .
1	no manufacturing issues , appears to be a good quality product .
1	quality sounds good from a first impression .
1	as long as it holds up , i 'm satisfied with the purchase .
1	high quality and with great shielding !
1	buy it , you 'll love it .
1	this is my first xlr cable , so i ca n't compare it anything .
1	compliments my vixia r40 when i want to use an external mic .
1	it works , what else is there to say ?
1	i have a panasonic g6 , which works great for movies .
1	built in mics are good , but nothing like external mics .
1	good price , very solidly built .
1	this item is not a mono balanced xlr to a stereo unbalanced mic cable .
1	pin # 3 then ties to pin # 1 with the ground wire .
1	item worked very well .
1	just plug & play , works like a charm !
1	i purchased a shotgun mic and the chord was too long for my dslr .
1	get yourself one today !
1	this works just fine due to the short wire .
1	no extra wire to deal with or hasel with .
1	it is a 1/8 '' stereo ended angled plug on one end .
1	i would recommend this product to anyone .
1	it works fine and is as advertised .
1	no complaints and the price was great .
1	yes , i would recommend this to others .
1	it did exactly as advertised .
1	ca n't lose with this product .
1	well - this is the one .
1	otherwise - they do what you 'd want and expect them to do !
1	2. stuck with xlr shotgun mic and various other xlr handhelds .
1	5. got perfect audio .
1	got a bonus from the client .
1	as advertised ... well made .
1	i 'm quite happy with these .
1	works perfectly for my needs .
1	have 2 of them - left and right - and it sounds great .
1	delivered quickly and works as described
1	quality cables , nuff said .
1	it is a cable .
1	the build seems sturdy and without obvious defects .
1	i purchased 3 of these model , they all have worked great .
1	the product was as described on the web site .
1	i recommend it for the rockband midi box .
1	what can i say ?
1	these midi cables do n't cost much but they work very well .
1	it 's a midi cable .
1	much cheaper than guitar center , best buy etc .
1	i needed it to connect my native instruments maschine to an akai mpk49 .
1	this is perfect for what i was looking for .
1	great , long cable at a great price !
1	i use this for recording with pro tools and midi
1	this cable does the trick , and it was cheap , cheap , cheap .
1	i consider that a win .
1	the quality is good .
1	nothing to complain about .
1	and the shielding cable seems fairly thick .
1	it was a few dollars cheaper than the same thing at best buy .
1	hosa makes great high-quality cables , and this midi cable is another shining example .
1	they 've been tossed around and mutilated in all sorts of bags and cases .
1	bought this for the short length and it is perfect !
1	well made , xlr 3 pin adaptor to mini .
1	this works perfectly with the dynamic microphone and camcorder i bought on amazon .
1	i like this cable for a very special need .
1	also be careful on which microphone you use .
1	this little hosa xlr does it for me .
1	and i really like it 's neat , stylish design .
1	used between our digital video camera 's mic-in port and the wireless mic receiver .
1	so for this application , this cable is highly recommended .
1	this one feels sturdy and fits well in the sony a57-slt jack .
1	i am happy with this purchase .
1	cable helps me record onto my laptop .
1	works as it should .
1	minor clean up in post .
1	this adapter works well and was a really good price .
1	much cheaper than many i have seen in the past .
1	i can confirm it 's compatible with the red epic and scarlet .
1	it so far as worked flawlessly .
1	could n't ask for more .
1	i bought this for use with rock band 3 pro instruments .
1	for this purpose , it is perfect .
1	it stays connected and the quality seems good .
1	it does its job with no problem so far .
1	i needed a cheap , midi cable and this product delivered .
1	connections feel solid especially for the price .
1	i would n't call this thing highest quality but it definitely is n't cheap .
1	cable has a good thickness and feel to it as well .
1	i already purchased another .
1	i would definitely recommend to others
1	work it as is and good price !
1	not much to be said .
1	it 's a midi cable , and it works just fine .
1	the quality seems about right for the price .
1	this is all you need for a good midi cable .
1	the cable itself is soft and flexible , has about a half-inch bend radius .
1	i use these cables to connect my midi controller keyboard to a synthesizer module .
1	have n't had any problems , seems to work perfect .
1	this is a great little cable .
1	i bought this microphone for use in an it department for occasional audio recording .
1	it certainly does the trick .
1	the cable is of good quality wire , and the connectors are well constructed .
1	very simply , this connector will not introduce hum or noise into your setup .
1	being a dslr shooter comes with its advantages and disadvantages .
1	obviously audio is the main problem that we all face .
1	this little guy took control of the situation and slapped it like a pimp .
1	cable arrived a day earlier than expected , and works exactly as advertised .
1	a really fine hosa product that exceeds expectation at a great price .
1	this item performs as advertised .
1	low noise and great durability .
1	works perfectly to power my system !
1	fast shipping and high quality cable .
1	thank you fit find on microphone it just what i wanted
1	i just wish the xlr connector was neutrik !
1	instead of the 1 ft. for my dslr shotgun mic .
1	it is a little tight .
1	this product corrects that by sending the mono signal into both stereo channels .
1	just received this cord and it seems to work as expected .
1	what can you say about an adapter cord ?
1	clear audio for the price on a canon dslr and i highly recommend it .
1	i got a 15ft one .
1	just buy it , you know you want it : )
1	works the way it 's supposed to .
1	90 degree trs is a nice touch .
1	the hosa angled 1/8 stereo to female xlr cable is pretty great .
1	why is it pretty great ?
1	plus , this one is angled .
1	reasonably priced , works as advertised , and ships quickly .
1	with only one exception , this cable is not designed for a stereo camera .
1	this cable is a balanced cable .
1	this is not that cable .
1	i do n't really know what else to say .
1	the wiring seems fine , though a little on the fragile side .
1	with normal home/amateur use , this will work fine .
1	for what it is , it 's actually just fine .
1	this is exactly what i need for my shotgun mic .
1	quality and construction are decent and it does its job .
1	huge improvement in audio quality .
1	this cable for the price you can not go wrong .
1	it has not failed me one time since i have purchased it .
1	( about a year ago . )
1	use this in conjunction with my samson headworn system and it works very well !
1	it does ok for what it is so i gave it 4 stars .
1	just the right length to reach the ports on the camera .
1	no hissing sounds what so ever .
1	i could not be happier with this purchase .
1	the weight and angle of this cable are perfect !
1	the price is right too !
1	bought this in conjunction with my mackie thump .
1	i use it to plug in my iphone .
1	very good construction and materials .
1	i was able to record into both pro tools and audition with no issues .
1	the mic has an xlr output and the recorder a stereo mini mic input .
1	the adapter works just fine .
1	best cords ever , heavy duty quality ...
1	great price great , product .
1	worked exactly as it was meant to , without any static or noise .
1	has lasted for almost two years now and still use it once in a while
1	it is ideal for connecting a shotgun mic to a dv camera . ''
1	if you are using a mono microphone , you are looking for the xvm102f .
1	it handles the stereo separation quite nicely .
1	it 's even capable of phantom power , if you need that .
1	bought this for my canon t2i .
1	works perfect and great quality .
1	i ordered this to use regular stage microphones with the tascam dr07 digital recorder .
1	dynamic mics just do not put out enough for this use .
1	perhaps it needs a stereo xlr condenser mic .
1	you just have to make sure the plug doesnt get pulled from your camera .
1	it has worked flawlessly the first few weeks that i have owned it .
1	i use nothing but hosa cables in my studio .
1	i highly recommend using hosa .
1	worked well felt a little cheap .
1	yes it works great !
1	needed new interconnect cables for my studio and these work perfectly .
1	good product at a good price .
1	good cables and length .
1	the gauge is a little on the thinner side .
1	we shall see if they hold up with time .
1	good cable , better than the one the mic i got came with .
1	hosa makes great cables - no exception here .
1	high quality , has withstood the rigors of mobile/wedding dj use .
1	as advertised ... hosa products are always of good quality/design .
1	use this to connect my ipod to a bose l1 live sound/stage pa system .
1	just what i needed .
1	these are cheap cords they break after a month !
1	works great , very affordable .
1	your basic xlr to 1/4 trs cable .
1	no issues , works fine .
1	quality cable for casual use .
1	perfect for studio use .
1	as far as quality goes ... ... .so far , so good .
1	i needed this for something pretty specific and it got the job done .
1	arrived on time in good condition , and the price was reasonable .
1	ca n't ask for much more than that .
1	these are the cables you need to connect the xlr outputs to powered monitors .
1	does what it 's supposed to : )
1	works great and looks good .
1	i 'm using the non-balanced version of this snake .
1	it 's nicely made and works fine .
1	very high quality wiring and casing ; decent connectors .
1	works wonderfully to connect my mixer to a personal-mixer monitoring system .
1	very good cables at a great price .
1	the colors are what really set these cable connections apart from the others .
1	i have the trs version of this and it is of good quality .
1	it seems pretty durable for the price you pay
1	made very well , has a good strain relief on trs plug .
1	good fit and finish .
1	am very happy with these cables .
1	the price was excellent .
1	the products meets all my expectations .
1	i would recommend the products to others for purchase .
1	hosa cables ca n't be beat for the price .
1	i highly recommend it .
1	as cables go this is a good product at a great price .
1	would not hesitate to purchase more items from this manufacturer
1	cable is well built and performed flawless with our in ear monitor system .
1	would gladly purchase again !
1	this works well and i love the color coding .
1	just what i needed and expected .
1	exactual what was needed .
1	amazing solution for my rackmounted guitar effects .
1	this does the trick .
1	seems very sturdy/ durable .
1	price was not excessive .
1	the only snake i 'll touch .
1	works great on my electric drum set .
1	great set of wire .
1	less of wire to deal with love them told my friends
1	perfect cords , i am very happy .
1	just as expected , great
1	great product for the price .
1	does what it 's meant to do .
1	durable cover , good color coding , and a good price .
1	used to interconnect moog synthesizers to mixers and effects generators .
1	great value in lower priced cable .
1	great deal , and great sound .
1	perfect for attaching a motu896 to my mixing board .
1	i 'm so happy with this cable !
1	my favorite cable company !
1	they work perfectly and i have n't had any problems in over a year .
1	if i need something similar in the future , i might get this again .
1	i 'm now going to use these in my studio setup .
1	will provide update once everything is in place .
1	perfect for my limited home studio needs .
1	i 've used many hosa products and only a very few have failed .
1	and that was only after a few years of use .
1	the package arrived quicker than expected , and without damage .
1	this cable snake was a welcomed addition to my recording studio .
1	and the price was a good deal for the hosa cable brand .
1	yes , i would recommend this cable-set for anyone on a tight budget .
1	quality of the cords not top-shelf but do a basic job .
1	anyhow , for this purpose , this works perfectly .
1	used it for recording going from my interface to the mixing board .
1	great for running an interface to a mixer , or a mixer to amplifiers .
1	works as expected ! !
1	it 's a lot better than having six separate cables .
1	looks good and sounds very good !
1	excellent product ! ! ! ! ! !
1	nice cable , fast shipping , reasonable price .
1	great cable for little money .
1	hosa cables , once again , rock on !
1	durable , long , and amazing !
1	good cable for the price .
1	love the canvas wound cable .
1	has a very sturdy feel .
1	works well as a guitar cable too .
1	hard to tangle and stores well .
1	really like it : ) and it is pretty long ...
1	love this cord very durable and great connections
1	shipped promptly and arrived just as advertised .
1	worth the extra cash .
1	my older cheapo cables feel like junk next to this guy .
1	this is a very well made cable and the tweed wrap looks too cool !
1	good quality chinese instrument cable .
1	for an amateur/practice cable you ca n't really beat this value .
1	nothing negative to say about it .
1	i like the cloth covering .
1	item as described ... ..
1	exactly as expected , works great .
1	should last if i take care of it .
1	super reliable and durable .
1	cables work great and look great .
1	not as stiff as other cables i 've used .
1	i bought them for my son and he likes them .
1	seems to be holding up ok
1	thick , well made , does n't tangle bad .
1	has n't given out yet .
1	best guitar cables ever .
1	exactly what i expected and cheaper than monster cables .
1	it 's been awhile since i purchased this cable and still working great .
1	by the way i use it for live performances .
1	very dependable high quality music cable that 's highly durable and flexible .
1	hosa produces high quality dependable cables
1	great quality product from a great seller .
1	nice and clean sound .
1	exactly what my husband wanted .
1	pretty darn good for the money .
1	i have 4 of these cables in my studio .
1	i am very pleased with the quality .
1	ca n't beat the price .
1	this seems to be very well made and durable .
1	looking forward to years of music from my daughter .
1	good looking cloth cable has lasted many years .
1	am still carrying it with me to gigs .
1	it looks so classy .
1	high quality cable , worth it ...
1	works great , and no noise when used for recording !
1	this is such a great cable for your guitar .
1	i use it for my for my electric acoustic guitar .
1	it is very durable and it accomplices the color of my guitar .
1	good , quality cord .
1	keeps the band playing .
1	no kinks it seemed to work so far
1	so good and yet so affordable !
1	still works like new after a long time and lots of use .
1	goes great with my peavey classic 50 .
1	not a bad price and i like the woven wrap and the metal plugs !
1	good design and workmanship it appears !
1	great deal if they last 6-10 years !
1	exactly what i wanted for a fair price
1	very happy with this cable .
1	solid construction and should last a long while under normal use .
1	ca n't beat the price either .
1	good cable , not a cheap one .
1	i have 3 of these , all are still working well , no problems .
1	like the way that it looks .
1	it does get a little tangled sometimes though .
1	seems to be holding up pretty well so far
1	i think they work great .
1	hard to beat for the price .
1	excellent 18 foot braided cord that am pleased with .
1	uality cable with no hum .
1	does not kink up easily .
1	bright , full tone .
1	a definite improvement over my previous ( and not at all cheap ) cord .
1	perfect , exactly what i was looking for !
1	totally worth buying to get free shipping nice product
1	sounds good , looks good , feels good .
1	awesome product work great no noise would buy again
1	i really like the classic look though it is a very modern shielded cable .
1	they are the old kind with noisy ballasts .
1	this cable just does n't let that stuff in , though .
1	very good shielding for $ 16 at18 feet .
1	this is a pro cable ( gauge question aside ) at consumer pricing .
1	buying two more today .
1	nice ... especially for the price .
1	i will buy more .
1	i purchased one several months ago to use between my bass and pedal board .
1	a quality cable that if it ever fails i can easily repair it .
1	good quality cord , good price .
1	get a few and keep them on hand for when you lose one .
1	these are repairable if you know what to do .
1	comparable to a quality shop cable .
1	excellent shielding ... .check !
1	excellent flexibility ... .check !
1	excellent strain relief ... .check !
1	this is not a cheap cable ... .it 's a quality cable sold inexpensively .
1	gets the job done cheaply and it looks great .
1	i 'm using it around the house , so no gigging or heavy abuse .
1	very well made cable .
1	i lose cables like it 's nobody 's business .
1	they totally worked fine and i lost them like a month later .
1	for a good length cable under $ 20 bucks , i absolutely recommend it .
1	better then the old rubber coated ones i have had for the past ten years
1	it 's simple , it 's inexpensive and it works well .
1	looks great with my natural wood body bass guitar .
1	love the right angle plug too !
1	got this with an amp and guitar .
1	goes together like pb & j with my tweed strap .
1	no issues to report .
1	just a really great cable .
1	great cable , great price .
1	seems very durable , would recommend .
1	nice cable , stays tangle free for the most part .
1	good quality and performance .
1	works fine , no noise at all .
1	so far so good : )
1	does the job needed .
1	good looking cable which appears to be well put together .
1	much nicer than traditional black rubber coated cable .
1	nice affordable cable for my son that abuses his stuff .
1	good quality for a great price .
1	good sound and good price
1	this thing is the real deal .
1	super well made and does its job like a champ .
1	same sound quality as my expensive monster cable
1	very flexible & will not kink try it .
1	just like it was advertise online , thanks .
1	great quality , retro look .
1	great cable , great price .
1	the serviceable connectors are a definite plus .
1	good cable , great look , and so far has held up .
1	even if it breaks its repairable , so its a great deal .
1	i 've been using it everyday !
1	i love this cable .
1	it is very flexable and does not tangle as i move around the stage .
1	looks good with my fender ramparte .
1	great cable for the money .
1	outer jacket looks very cool .
1	no problems at all .
1	would recommend this cable to anyone .
1	good product , well made .
1	packaging was short of 5 stars though .
1	i stumbled on to this item .
1	i asked a person in the know what they thought about it .
1	love the right angle input .
1	nice construction and perfect length for playing around the house .
1	a pro could use this and be pleased , clear sound , no distortion .
1	her other cable just got broke .
1	looks much better than plain old black .
1	beautiful looking cable -- perfect for acoustic-electric instruments .
1	works great , sounds great .
1	seems very well put together .
1	good cable for the money .
1	not sure about longevity ? ? ? ? ?
1	good price fast shipping .
1	good quality cable , good connectors , amazing price .
1	great cable and the look is awesome .
1	great construction , great looking , great sound !
1	great cable for the price and do n't tangle up easily like most .
1	this guitar cable is very nice .
1	it looks high quality and has the white ends .
1	fantastic deal for this cable .
1	this was purchased as a replacement cable .
1	it was packaged professionally and shipped expediently .
1	will use seller again .
1	cheap and good texture rubber that does not get stiff .
1	only time will tell how well the soldering is .
1	sounds fine to me .
1	works like it should .
1	replace old frayed cord , so i can play again .
1	this is truly the finest instrument cord at a wonderful price .
1	i never knew i could sound so good !
1	at the purchase price , i could not pass up the insane deal .
1	the product is top quality .
1	try it out at guitar center to see for yourself .
1	i love the tweed design .
1	the cable is exceptionally long , almost too long for my needs .
1	it is very high quality , sturdy , and looks great .
1	so far it has held up well .
1	low noise , solid feel .
1	low noise and works great with various electric guitars .
1	sounds great and the wrapping allows me more movement and less binding and tangles .
1	works great for bottom plug in on prs .
1	not so great for angled receptacle on strat .
1	cable does tend to make vertical loops on floor for tripping unsuspecting feet .
1	overall quality is good and would give 5 stars if not for kinking tendency .
1	i like this beautiful cable .
1	great price /performance relationship .
1	compared with other cables that i owned it has a low tendency to twist .
1	not a bad starter !
1	works for my jay turser guitar and amp .
1	love this for playing my electric guitar .
1	a must if you need to have some moving ability .
1	great cable that is well designed .
1	high quality look and feel , works perfectly .
1	does n't get bound up in knots like an electrical cord .
1	it behaves itself and coils up nicely .
1	looks great with my j-45
1	this seems to be a well made cable .
1	i just ordered another one .
1	it still looks fairly new .
1	folds down nicely w the velcro strip .
1	what a great deal on a stylish cord .
1	hosa makes great cables .
1	sometimes the photos do n't match the description .
1	my husband was thrilled and i 've had no complaints .
1	he 's a happy man which makes me a happy wife .
1	great high quality cable .
1	super , super flexible cords .
1	and a good price .
1	i 've always favored these tweed-type cords over the rubber ones myself .
1	the one angled end works well with my telecaster too .
1	good choice if you like the looks .
1	now we 'll see it it lasts .
1	looks good , works well , quite functional and nostalgic .
1	then coil it in the diameter it wants to be coiled .
1	i prefer woven cables for looks .
1	they have a nice stage presence .
1	hosa has been a very reliable brand for my cables .
1	great cables , inexpensive and have already a few shows on them .
1	hurry up before they raise the price on these ...
1	cord does its job .
1	give you a classic vibe with no additional noise .
1	very happy with it .
1	so i wo n't knock down my rating for something that has always happens .
1	i needed this for my jazzmaster that has a front face input .
1	quality cable at a good price .
1	i really like the length and the angled plug .
1	perfect for practicing at home and playing small shows
1	this cable is amazing .
1	i love the quality , the look and the tweeded mesh texture .
1	there does not seem to be any noise introduced by the cable .
1	i use this cable on a regular basis .
1	i prefer it over my monster cable .
1	i see no signal difference between the two cables .
1	save some money and go with this one .
1	i needed a right angle cord for my vintage silvertone semi acoustic guitar .
1	this fit my need .
1	great cable for the money .
1	great gear for the price .
1	a very nice guitar cable with tweed jacket that is 18 foot long .
1	i bought this cable because i could n't find any of my old cables .
1	it lays pretty darn flat now and looks great .
1	great price for a solid cable .
1	great quality , and have lasted quite a while , look great too !
1	only issue is that they will not straighten out , and kink up easily .
1	what can you say -- hosa makes great cables at a great price .
1	this cable is well makes and is very quiet .
1	connectors are of high quality .
1	does a nice job for little money .
1	great for beginner student or just have an extra around the house .
1	wires are as good as the connections they make .
1	this cable works fine and is doing the job it is designed to do .
1	this cord seems to hold up quite well .
1	they are decent cables .
1	tangle very easy , have to unplug and straighten out often , but they work
1	good quality , nice sound
1	no bells or whistles just a cable for a good price
1	good for what i wanted
1	i use it with my amt e1 effect .
1	and my jackson guitar .
1	it fits them pretty well .
1	sound quality is very good .
1	looks really cool and sounds great .
1	i like them a lot .
1	really nice tweed wrapped guitar cable .
1	i will definitely be buying more hosa brand cables in the future .
1	highly recommended for home or small gigs .
1	good cable for the cost .
1	been using this one daily , works great .
1	i 'm close to my amp so i did n't need it very long .
1	good quality cord , i recommend .
1	worked great for my guitar needs .
1	works as it should , nice material
1	quality , withstands being lugged around many stages in all weather .
1	i love these cables .
1	they are still perfect and they get used for many hours each day
1	these are currently my best cables i own .
1	i play strictly at home .
1	i have had no issue with the cables disconnecting .
1	not sure how it will last though .
1	even premium cords do wear out .
1	great cable that looks great and functions properly .
1	connectors are very good and cable appears to be well made .
1	best advice - lay it out down the hallway when your not using it .
1	it 'll straighten out faster this way .
1	best guitar cords for the price .
1	i am only getting hoza from now on .
1	i love the high quality insulation of the ends .
1	i have never seen that before and it is wonderful .
1	i use this for my practice rig .
1	i enjoyed the cable from that perspective .
1	i probably wo n't use this for my gig rig .
1	it works but seems to add some ambient noise .
1	also , there are no wraps .
1	works great for my practice rig .
1	hey , i gave it 4 stars .
1	works great - good quality
1	no static or feedback .
1	the product was great for the money i would recommend and purchase again
1	sound seems as good or better than our old , now broken cable .
1	great cable at a great price !
1	love the tweed jacket !
1	it gives the cord extra protection from getting stepped on .
1	love the movable velcro wrapper .
1	can also use it to wrap around shoulder strap for extra security .
1	love the reinforced end connectors .
1	penny for penny , the best cable i 've ever owned !
1	both plugs sleeves were slightly loose but i tightened them up ... no problem .
1	all in all a great cable ! !
1	exactly what i expected .
1	i will be ordering more .
1	now my other cords show how cruddy they are .
1	it 's a guitar cable , it works .
1	not a whole lot else to say .
1	i like the woven look , but that 's just personal preference .
1	would recommend it to others !
1	really and outstanding quality cable at an affordable price .
1	the cloth is decent quality .
1	perfect length for personal practice use .
1	all around very pleased for the low price .
1	it disconnects easy , so not a very good cable for gigging with .
1	overall good value for the money .
1	nice cable with good flexibility and stylish , too .
1	looks good with tweed amp .
1	what else can you say about a cable ?
1	works as expected , great price
1	bought to run sound to a mixer from my sapphire pro 40 in church .
1	works great with my quad mike receiver
1	hosa makes quality cables .
1	i am very satisfied with this product .
1	the description was on point .
1	i would recommend this product .
1	this item is as advertised .
1	would recommend product and store front too .
1	wanted rean connectors ( long story ) , but they do the same job .
1	cable is black , end is silver , and strain relief is white .
1	cables are definitely a thing gauge , but seem to be holding up well .
1	great for the price .
1	wire works great and it is very high quality
1	five stars says it .
1	this cord is quite lightweight and resists getting twisted up .
1	the connector swivels are smooth and firmly mounted .
1	i ended up with this 18 ' tweed cable and am very happy .
1	it looks and sounds nice .
1	the price from amazon was great for the quality ( prime included ) .
1	i own another shorter hosa cable ( non-tweed ) that connects pedals to amp .
1	for stationary connectors , you could go with plastic and save a few bucks .
1	great price and solid quality .
1	the pins were loose when they arrived .
1	i just tightened them and away we went .
1	perfect to connect a keyboard to the mixer .
1	great guitar cable for anyone who needs as righty angle plug .
1	we use it for the fiddle and it works like a charm .
1	good looking chord too .
1	i got this a couple months ago and love it .
1	it does n't have much bend memory which is ideal for a cable .
1	sound is fine ... i have n't noticed any lack or frequency .
1	everything seems well built here and has been working for months without any problem .
1	works like it is supposed to !
1	the 90degree angled jack works great on the guitar end !
1	cables like this get lots and lots of use and abuse .
1	a+ quality , good flex and looks good and works great .
1	gets the job done .
1	seems to be well made .
1	very happy with this purchase .
1	this is a freaking awesome cable .
1	using it with a sawtooth amp and plugging into an epiphone and a washburn .
1	works better than 2 other ones i bought
1	great cable for the price !
1	i particularly like the right angle plug .
1	it works well on most guitars except strats and strat style guitars .
1	this cable is far more flexible than plastic coated cables .
1	i 'm very pleased with it and recommend it .
1	great value , hard to improve on .
1	unique look , flexible , quiet .
1	i received my cable this morning and could n't be happier with my purchase .
1	first of all the delivery speed was amazing .
1	i placed my order about 48 hours ago .
1	seems to be good quality and looks nice .
1	only time will tell how good the materiel 's are .
1	for the price point i can not find 1 flaw with this .
1	very nice cable and far nicer than the old rubber coated cables .
1	looks smart , works well , and priced right .
1	i used wireless for gigs but this one i used for practice .
1	very nice , cheap and reliable .
1	love the material , and love the vintage feel/look of it .
1	i 'll be buying a few more soon .
1	nice tweed cloth sheath .
1	very pliable , comfortable on the hands .
1	phone plugs good/better quality , nice durable chrome/nickel finish .
1	it even has an integral cord wrap for storage , was n't expecting that .
1	i use the 18 footer from my stomp box .
1	ends come loose easily , but it works perfectly after 8 months .
1	good cable it works for me !
1	just a great quality cable .
1	good price for great product
1	work fine so far .
1	great ( maybe a bit thin )
1	i own several hosa cables , and they seem to be very good value .
1	this cable seems to be well made .
1	used several times a week with no problem .
1	excellent for use with a portable device and powered speakers .
1	these are very strong and very flexible too .
1	works well with no issues .
1	we have used these cables for a while and they have been very reliable .
1	it was a gift .
1	nephew 's friend loves it .
1	nephew was very happy to get it !
1	they are pretty rough on cords and this one should last .
1	good quality cable ca n't be beaten for the price .
1	great cable so far .
1	this was purchased for my teenage son .
1	it works great and was very inexpensive .
1	i would recommend this product from beginner to expert .
1	it is not a coated tweed jacket like some of the pricier cables .
1	simply use a little care , though and it 'll be fine .
1	it is not a coated tweed jacket like some of the pricier cables .
1	simply use a little care , though and it 'll be fine .
1	but in the case of this hosa cable , that ai n't the case .
1	i like the extra-long strain reliefs .
1	works well with my home studio gear .
1	nice cables for limited space or studio monitors .
1	working great so far .
1	really outlast higher priced cords .
1	would recommend this cord to anyone .
1	i 'm reasonably gentle on my gear .
1	they 've been reliable through numerous gigs and all the practices between .
1	i would confidently recommend these to anybody looking for a quality product .
1	you may want to consider some wireless system if that 's your case .
1	i 've used hosa for years , they have never let me down .
1	all their cords are quit and are quality produces .
1	i have never had a hosa go bad on me .
1	excellent guitar cord with no static background heard while using or moving about .
1	awesome product and reasonable price .
1	this cable sends sounds to my amp perfectly without distortion .
1	it 's worth spending a jackson , imo .
1	bought several for home studio .
1	well-built , if not a bit pricey .
1	it is awesome and beautiful and i love it .
1	this gives me a classic look to my guitar/amp set up .
1	i 'm quite satisfied .
1	i bought a guitar cable and an xlr mic cable to match .
1	works as good as anything out there and has the old class .
1	though i 've only had it for a couple weeks
1	heavy duty and at a bargain price .
1	i would recommend this .
1	i bought a budget guitar and did n't like it .
1	the hosa gtr-210 guitar cable is legit .
1	this is the best cable i have ever had .
1	it feels very sturdy and the quality of sound being transferred is very high .
1	there is no unnecessary noise or unwanted distortion .
1	if it were to break on me , i would buy it again !
1	bought this for my son .
1	he says its brtter than the one that came with his guitar .
1	he plays his electric more than acoustic now .
1	good quaiity audio cable worth the money ... great price
1	i have been using these heavily and they have shown minimal wear and tear .
1	great cables for the price
1	it 's a simple cable .
1	what more can you ask for !
1	is long and awesome .
1	pretty good , came as promised !
1	great cord for the price .
1	easily $ 20 at the music shop .
1	works fine so far .
1	came on time and well packaged .
1	good utility guitar cable at a competitive price .
1	basic , simple , works well .
1	no feedback , great cable so far .
1	standard guitar cable for a good price .
1	the plastic jacket can be half the length than it is .
1	this is a well made cable .
1	for under ten bucks ?
1	seems good quality , works perfectly so far .
1	good wire for the money .
1	shipped fast as well .
1	i 'm not a rocker .
1	it does what it should .
1	i 'm able to hear my music out of my amp .
1	the chord is the right size for what i do .
1	no problems after months of use .
1	it is great for a beginer
1	works perfectly so far .
1	what can i say , it does what i need it too !
1	now if only i would practice more and not be the suck .
1	do n't expect a mogami quality input , but this sounds good enough .
1	durability is debatable , but you definitely get more than you pay for .
1	plug it in ! ! !
1	easy to connect for a beginner .
1	seem a little soft , but so far have worked well .
1	purchased several and quality very consistent .
1	so far so good .
1	it 's pretty good for some things , but not for other things .
1	that 's all i 'll say on it .
1	quality seems good so far .
1	seems to be a nice cord .
1	i think it is a good price for what you get .
1	i keep two of them in my pedal board case .
1	also bought on amazon .
1	for the price it 's good but it feels cheap and low quality .
1	good quality , works as expected .
1	good cable but have n't walked on it enough to say more .
1	in short worth the money .
1	looks great have n't used .
1	good quality for the price
1	very high quality cable , excellent connection & sound .
1	great cable reinforcing at both ends .
1	solid feel , good sound !
1	i 've used hosa in the past and it 's been reliable .
1	it looks like they 're using switchcraft connectors on this cable .
1	so far , so good .
1	if it fails , i 'll be back to let you know .
1	will order again when i need another cable .
1	this is a good cable at a good price .
1	i purchased it for my roland drum set .
1	it 's a cable , it 's cheap , it works .
1	works as expected with my keyboard and lexicon i-o/22 .
1	i ca n't notice any added noise or interference and the connectors fit well .
1	value , the working mans cable .
1	i have hosa connecting 95 % of my home studio .
1	you ca n't go wrong .
1	reasonably priced and they work fine .
1	i just ordered three more of these .
1	this is a good , basic quality midi cable .
1	i would definatly recommend .
1	great product to hook up to a guitar
1	good length , soft flexible cable .
1	seems to be holding up to rigors of weekly gigging .
1	time will tell if this was a wise investment
1	nice guitar cable for a good price
1	nice cable , good value for the money
1	the product i received was exactly as advertised .
1	connection is strong , and the sound comes through clear .
1	love this cable it heavy and works great for gigs
1	a very supple well made instrument cable .
1	i would recommend it as hosa makes nice cables that work well .
1	i 'd recommend any cable made by hosa .
1	no problem with seller !
1	the amp was a christmas gift , the recipient was very happy .
1	very good quality cable , perfect length .
1	very happy with this purchase , and i 'd definitely buy again .
1	good quality and length .
1	nice for a stereo connection i/o to o/i
1	what can i say , there cables .
1	good price for good product .
1	would order from seller in future .
1	quality , and better than fiddling around with two cables .
1	hosa cables are pretty reliable and these are no exception .
1	good quality cable , does exactly what it 's supposed to do .
1	as a professional musician i need what i need for live concerts-not obstacles .
1	bought it to connect my roland foot switch to boss dr3 .
1	always impressed and satisfied with each purchase .
1	i very seldom give 5 stars..all good !
1	these are high-quality and appear to be solid .
1	good , quality , well-made cable .
1	best price i could find for the length .
1	this is a midi cable so it either works or it does n't .
1	great cables at a great price .
1	it is a very cheap , reliable solution .
1	great product ... ... ... ..perfect for what i needed in my recording studio
1	works as intended connecting my korg keyboard to my audio interface
1	i 've used hosa cables forever and never had a problem .
1	this is no exception .
1	no communication dropouts and the connectors fit perfectly in my gear .
1	tough , durable and economical to use that i give .
1	100 percent recommended for the purchase of this product .
1	this product was just what i wanted and super fast shipping .
1	works well and serves it 's purpose .
1	great purchase , quick delivery would recommend
1	works very well , and seems quite durable .
1	great for the price .
1	hosa is inexpensive , this is true .
1	but , i do n't mind that .
1	it does the job .
1	i should have gotten a longer one .
1	cables are cables , they work .
1	perfect length when moving around and offers great sound quality .
1	3 years later and this cable has still held up perfectly well .
1	nothing too exceptional , just great .
1	not bad but a bit shaky .
1	plugs right into my guitar .
1	easy to replace old strings and sound great
1	no noise from the cable and sound is n't degraded .
1	grest price , minor cosmetic stuff , but it works well .
1	he says it 's perfect and he loves it .
1	these are exceptionally good cords for the price .
1	wire is a bit weak , but it gets the job done .
1	when the cord arrived i realized that i bought the wrong style .
1	the quality seams good .
1	i will get some use out of with my ovation .
1	never used it , but looked like a solid cable .
1	these are great cables .
1	great cable at a great price !
1	great for the money and work well
1	just what i needed- movement with a quality amp cord .
1	love the cable , my mistake , i ordered two , only need one .
1	can you credit or give me credit .
1	this is a great , cheap cable .
1	bought for my daughters to learn guitar with their mini squier strats .
1	no problems or concerns with these cables as of yet .
1	no noise from these cables at all !
1	very solid and very quality from the jacks to the wires .
1	bought a couple then bought a couple more !
1	i am very satisfied with these .
1	works well and affordable price .
1	havent had any issues and i have abused the guitar cable quite a bit .
1	have n't had any problems with it breaking down
1	works great , no problems .
1	i did n't have any problems with the cable .
1	no buzz , nothing broken .
1	good product for the price and delivered earlier than promised .
1	it works , what can i say .
1	mine is still going strong .
1	i have used more expensive cables that were not as good as these .
1	i have no complaints at all .
1	will buy these in the future .
1	my son loves this cable .
1	no issues and solid construction .
1	i have several of these now .
1	i like the white sleeves that support the wires behind the connectors .
1	the best feature for me is that they are shielded well .
1	i have not experienced any buzz or hums through my speakers with these .
1	cheap fix ... .works fine ( for now ) ...
1	thank you ! ! !
1	timely and i got exactly what i wanted .
1	not very long cable but good .
1	it came as described and works just as you would expect .
1	i pluged the cable into my guitar then into my new marshell amp .
1	nice for the price !
1	also at a great price .
1	it 's good just that it bends fast
1	the price is much better than other cables of similar quality .
1	will definitely buy these again as needed .
1	the price is right and the quality is there .
1	no issues with them at all .
1	used for any other instrument needs , not just guitar .
1	these are really awesome cables .
1	i ca n't seem to break them .
1	it works.. that is all
1	great product and great service !
1	for price point ca n't be beat .
1	solid durable cable with decent quality connectors .
1	the cable sounds great .
1	it is very light although solid .
1	decent enough -- not high end .
1	i 'm always looking to save money on music gear without losing sound quality .
1	so far i have ordered 3 of these and definitely recommend them .
1	sturdy , inexpensive and easily fixable .
1	exactly what i needed , works very well .
1	work as it should .
1	great cable holds up very nicely recommend for anybody .
1	great product , reasonable price .
1	it 's a cable and it works .
1	not a lot you can say .
1	it was the right length and worked fine .
1	2 straight 1/4 '' guitar plugs and a 10 ' shielded cord between .
1	i love this cable .
1	i was expecting it to break .
1	very nice cable for the price !
1	hope it lasts many years !
1	bought this cable in 2013 and it 's still working perfectly with daily use .
1	work great for price good quality
1	not sure of the quality but works fine for my sons beginner guitar setup .
1	if it breaks i will dismantle and add some pictures .
1	inexpensive cable that works great .
1	works well , thick and flexible cable .
1	that 's why it got 4 stars from me .
1	have n't had any noticeable trouble with this product .
1	does what it says .
1	this cable has worked fine for me with no problems .
1	i 'm using it to connect an inexpensive keyboard to a laptop .
1	reliable product , a little snug
1	exactly what i wanted !
1	yeah , cheaper than the rest and great quality .
1	lightweight and still tough .
1	so far so good .
1	took it on the road and have had no issues .
1	seems to be of good quality .
1	i like the quality of this cable .
1	hosa makes great , low cost , guitar cable .
1	i am very impressed with my purchase .
1	definitely recommend to all of you dj 's and guitar players .
1	cheap but gets the job done .
1	cable is good , shipping sucks .
1	even if you are prime .
1	no buzzing , hissing , anything , even on max volume .
1	imo , a solid cable .
1	have n't had any problems with it .
1	bought this to go with an amp that i got my son for christmas .
1	it came as it should have and did what we needed it to do .
1	delivered on time and as described .
1	working great so far for my niece
1	nice solid cable - works as expected .
1	cheap cables that hold up well .
1	this cable sounds great , have n't had any issues with it at all .
1	the price is excellent and it arrived quickly
1	individual cables seem to be of good quality .
1	like these , did what i needed it to do .
1	i would order again if needed it .
1	easy to use and as decribed
1	just what i needed .
1	exactly what i needed to connect to my daw
1	great cables at a great price .
1	it fit my needs exactly .
1	for the price this products is great .
1	it performs the task it was made to do .
1	though one may pay more for this product , none will be any better .
1	this seems like a nice professional cable .
1	hosa has always been a good choice for the money .
1	all of my personal gigging cable are hand made .
1	they seem to be fine for general use .
1	i even used them for a gig we played and it worked great .
1	inexpensive , and good quality
1	it was a gift but it was just what he wanted
1	not much you can say ... it 's a guitar cable .
1	cheap and well built .
1	arrived quickly and works as advertised .
1	well constructed and seemingly durable .
1	i purchased this for my nephew for christmas .
1	i ordered this three days before christmas and it arrived christmas eve .
1	this cable is taking an absolute beating .
1	works just as it should .
1	it 's good for the price .
1	it 'll get the job done
1	works great for my purposes
1	great cable for the money .
1	great cable would buy again
1	works great , no problems .
1	it 's well made and i received it on time .
1	i did n't know what i was looking for .
1	for the price , the product works perfectly .
1	if he continues to progress , a better cord may be in order .
1	solid quality with no degrading of sound quality so far that i can tell .
1	everyone needs an extra cable for hooking up amps or pedals .
1	no problem with this cable .
1	purchased many of these cables in different lengths .
1	have yet to have one problem with any of them .
1	however , they have n't helped my ability to play a guitar one bit !
1	it is a 10 foot cable .
1	it allows my son to stand approximately 10 feet away from his amp .
1	what else is there to say ?
1	great price , it works .
1	what else do you need ?
1	high quality material , great price , works perfectly .
1	arguably the best cable i 've ever bought , especially for the low price .
1	this is a good cable for the money .
1	beware , the 90 degree ones are n't recommended because of connector failure .
1	good sound from out amp and works perfect with my sons electric guitar .
1	they are a good value and shipping is pretty fast .
1	good stuff ... great service !
1	makes for a very happy husband .
1	the soft rubber insulation picks up dirt but that 's expected .
1	just treat it well and it 'll do it 's job .
1	and it is a guitar cable .
1	a guitar cable ; even the chinese ca n't fudge this up .
1	that being said ... it works as it should .
1	but i feel really dirty because i bought it .
1	two months after receiving the contract ; woops !
1	every chinese citizen loves their own homeland .
1	china is full of freedom and love .
1	there is not one single occurrence of homosexuality that is found in western societies .
1	our great society has no tolerance for such immoral nonsense !
1	our workers work to make the great and powerful china more powerful .
1	the imperialistic united states shall crumble upon china 's great might .
1	america will be no more .
1	america will become china , and china will reign forever .
1	the choice is yours .
1	lightning fast shipping at a great price .
1	cheap , soft ( easy to handle ) and works great !
1	it is amazing , since it 's universal and just amazing i just loved it
1	i think these are the best guitar cables for your buck .
1	swapped it out with the hosa and now sounds is unbelievable clean .
1	super happy with hosa cable .
1	it is very good !
1	no noise in line .
1	it 's a cable .
1	great for music instruments and strangling those that do n't like your music !
1	no issues with these instrument cables .
1	hosa has always impressed me with their quality and price points .
1	i will never spend $ 30+ at guitar center for cables again .
1	could be better , could be worse .
1	sounds good for the price and lasted a while with intense use .
1	it 's an essential item if you have an electric .
1	it 's not very long , but i did n't need a long cable .
1	transmits the sound exactly as expected , all at a great price !
1	this cord is great , works as it should and is really durable .
1	just what i needed ! !
1	nice , strong and looks longer than it actually is hehe .
1	i am happy with this purchase , it does and performs very well .
1	would buy from this company again .
1	good construction , solid connection .
1	the cable works fine .
1	the sound is good and i have never had any difficulties with them .
1	you can input two sources into one channel .
1	no humming or distortion .
1	no overwhelming plastic smell .
1	nice metallic finish on fittings .
1	easy to open box .
1	it does exactly as described .
1	it helped me assign 2 microphones onto one channel on my dj mixer .
1	looking forward to many more uses .
1	works just like it should .
1	affordable guitar cable that gets the job done .
1	my husband plays a lot of guitar and goes through a lot of cords .
1	this one has no complaints from him so far .
1	well constructed specially around jacks .
1	it cured my humming from e guitar .
1	it arrive very quick .
1	great product , great service .
1	time will tell whether it is durable .
1	so far so good .
1	good quality for the money
1	this product work just the way i expected .
1	i use it to play my electric guitar and keyboard .
1	it has a crisp sound and the cord is tangle free .
1	i recommend this product to anyone who is looking for an amp cord
1	ca n't complain it works just fine .
1	great cable - no noise .
1	thick heavy cable yet soft and easy to work with .
1	i 'll be getting more of these .
1	great ! ! ! ! !
1	still in use 1 year later
1	this little cable is pretty nifty .
1	the results where very pleasing .
1	stll for $ 9 , you cant beat it ! !
1	and will a great piece of gear to have especially in a podcast setting
1	they are hose quality and work fine .
1	works great with my berhinger x32 board .
1	it does the job ! !
1	exactly what we needed , delivered on time and works fine .
1	just what i was looking for !
1	this is an excellent guitar cable .
1	it has a tight connection , minimal buzzing , and makes a great sound .
1	definitely recommend this cable .
1	i just got a new guitar and needed some cheap accessories .
1	this cable looked like a steal at under $ 10 .
1	especially since it had such great reviews .
1	let me tell you why .
1	( you can see the white sheathing in the amazon photos ) .
1	otherwise , the cable is very good for the price .
1	i though i would give this a try .
1	the price was reasonable .
1	i was not disappointed !
1	very flexible , and coil easily .
1	also , unless i am crazy , it seems like my guitar sounds better .
1	item as expected , great value .
1	no noise says it all for me .
1	great price for a high quality cable .
1	for something so simple , guitar cables can be very expensive .
1	but not everybody needs top of the line , studio quality cables .
1	cables are just right .
1	like the secure and flexible connections .
1	solid enough for semi-permanent set up .
1	item is as described .
1	exelent , i love it
1	these were cheap and i needed some cables for my fx loop .
1	these did the trick , and they are also good for general use .
1	great for the price , ..no issues for now
1	works very well for church
1	i use this every day
1	this item is high quality .
1	cheap and does the job
1	nice sound , no connectivity issues .
1	great value for the price , and i received the mechandise quickly .
1	this cable has been working very well all the weeks since having bought it .
1	will it last for years ?
1	probably , but not absolutely sure .
1	the plugin jacks are 100 % serviceable .
1	the covering feels like real rubber and is 100 % flexible and kink-free .
1	there is zero signal loss , or distortion through this cable .
1	you could n't expect better quality from a cable costing 5 times as much .
1	this amp cable fills that bill , perfectly !
1	really nice supple cable .
1	these are very handy when needed good quality for the price
1	works perfect no issue .
1	this thing worked perfectly .
1	no loss in balance that i can tell .
1	good product and a good price .
1	not bad and better than spending a ton of money at guitar center .
1	well made cable , the ends stay tight , and sound is pretty clean
1	removed it from the packaging , plugged it in , it worked .
1	no problems at all .
1	very nicely put together cable .
1	i was surprised at the quality for the price .
1	long and lean , just like daddy !
1	good length for my keyboard to my amp , and looks pretty .
1	nice cable for the reasonable price , even better then i expected .
1	had it for around 7 months , it 's been a great cable .
1	have had no issues with it .
1	good cable received in 2 days !
1	would purchase again and possibly get longer length if offered .
1	great cable for the price shrink tubed connecter makes for a high quality cable
1	keeps it surround sound when only connected to one channel .
1	should have gotten this long ago !
1	serves the purpose i purchased it for .
1	i would purchase again .
1	does what its made for
1	this works great for 2 identical microphones when singing karaoke .
1	you need extra software if you are connecting directly to your tv .
1	quick delivery , exactly as described .
1	product performed as advertised .
1	perfect as described ! ! ! !
1	chords are thin and flexible but have held up well .
1	great price , great value !
1	good cable , good price .
1	looks sturdy enough to last .
1	who is editing my reviews down to one or two words ?
1	sound quality is just as good with the splitter .
1	would give 5 stars but have yet to use this item yet .
1	very fast shipping nicely packaged .
1	item made looking very durable ... sure it will do the job as designed .
1	needed to record 2 different microphones using my ux2 and this did the job !
1	very reasonable price for what it does : ) .
1	product works great ... no issues at thus time..
1	satisfied with this instrument cable
1	great cable - great value - it rocks !
1	works great with our peavey and fender amps and guitars .
1	very flexible and does n't tangle easily .
1	should have bought more when they were on sale .
1	it works my acoustics sings
1	wonder how long they 'll last
1	exactly what i expected .
1	works exactly as i thought it would .
1	a great product for a great price .
1	could n't be happier .
1	two thumbs up on the cables and the price !
1	my first time buying this brand , but wo n't be the last .
1	good cable well made .
1	worked well and arrived on time .
1	well built , worked as expected .
1	i 've had these for about a year and they are still working perfectly !
1	just as described - so far - really great purchase !
1	sounds great with no hum on the skype test calls .
1	in this applicationsame mic , same source , same input levelsit works just fine .
1	great now i am in stereo !
1	does n't feel cheap , does the work !
1	i got this wire to hook up my smart phone to my keyboard amp .
1	i 'm impressed with the quality .
1	i use it about every day to play along with songs on pandora .
1	no problems at all .
1	this cable is well worth the price .
1	its simple , does what it needs to without any extra bulk or noise .
1	does n't affect anything , just a personal preference .
1	i 'm very pleased with this cable .
1	works well for that purpose .
1	it certainly beats a 1/8 '' to 1/4 '' adapter .
1	nice purchase and would buy again .
1	sounds good enough for my ears
1	i do wish i 'd bought a longer one , but it works great .
1	good cable , seems well made .
1	we use it in our school when we have a debate , its amazing ,
1	so far , it works great .
1	very convenient xlr splitter .
1	does what it 's supposed to do ... .decent quality for the price .
1	very happy with this .
1	great value , buy it !
1	works very well , good quality for the price
1	good cable for the money
1	and they use soldered connections , so they can be repaired .
1	good quality cable and fast shipping
1	great cable , long lasting and removable ends
1	i have several of these cables and have had absolutely no problem with them .
1	who holds on to a receipt for a cable ?
1	recieved ok. satified with service .
1	works good for that price..
1	i use this for mobile video shoots that needed to accommodate 2 microphones .
1	this did the trick .
1	working well as expected .
1	pricing is even greater .
1	i like it , it serve the purpose , and i will buy more .
1	shipping can be better , it was shipped late .
1	works great ! ! ! !
1	i ca n't believe it was so cheap !
1	this product is exactly what it says it is , and with good quality .
1	so far so good , i would recommend this !
1	what can i say , this cable worked .
1	i have n't had any buzz or distortion .
1	the connectors seem durable .
1	i am very happy with this purchase , and would recommend to anyone .
1	i actually recommended it to two friends already .
1	we all need extra cables in a pinch .
1	5 stars , an excellent value !
1	this little adapter worked like a charm !
1	i got this to plug three mics into my usb interface instead of two .
1	best bang for the buck !
1	exactly what i needed for my box ... love the quality and price ...
1	works well and is of good quality .
1	works like it should .
1	just what i needed .
1	very good quality cable .
1	good quality cord for the price .
1	it does n't get tangled easily like the hard cables do
1	amazingly , the product works perfectly , i recommend it to everyone .
1	great cables and work as expected !
1	perfect solution for small problem .
1	works exactly as expected .
1	great product at a great price !
1	i 'd order again in a heartbeat !
1	works as described i actually use these for splitting off from a battery .
1	the battery cover i have for my 12 volt battery has a compatible port .
1	good product and heavy duty
1	been using 2 of these for a year with no problems .
1	been using these since i got them .
1	i have no issues with them thus far .
1	standard 1/4 '' instrument cable .
1	does what it needs to do .
1	i have some friends that use and like this cable as well .
1	i 'll definitely be buying it again .
1	very useful , a nd good quality
1	if your low on inputs and need another vocal this works great .
1	the short cable lengths between the connectors are great for interconnecting various devices .
1	no clutter , just clean solid connections .
1	they just work and that 's what you need .
1	great cable very durable definitely worth every penny .
1	works good ... ..order again
1	well-made cables for the price .
1	no `` hum '' .
1	plugged right in and has worked perfectly .
1	just what i needed !
1	no noise issues , no quality issues .
1	i use this cable out of a pedalboard and straight into the amp .
1	this cable produces a very responsive signal .
1	it works very well .
1	perfect , as described and great quality
1	quality piece of kit .
1	good price for a well built cable .
1	quick delivery and quality product
1	it does what it 's supposed to do .
1	love this product for splitting 2 microphones into one channel .
1	great quality , works perfect .
1	very happy thanks : )
1	i tested it and it works for my purposes .
1	also sent it into my qsc powered speaker and sounded great there too .
1	i 'm linking to pics of the box i just received .
1	very pleased with my purchase-jm
1	very good to my activity , thanks !
1	worked as hoped , and is still working !
1	i use it to play my i rig through my amp works great !
1	well made and plugs in tight
1	great to connect to laptops and ipads
1	i do a lot of purchases on amazon.com .
1	i get fair prices on what i find on it .
1	plus free mailing , and no tax as well .
1	you plug it in , and sound comes out the other end .
1	i bought it to get free shipping on something else .
1	figured you can never have enough quality guitar cords .
1	looks and feels sturdy .
1	clearly feels cheaper than my others but it does the trick , nothgin special
1	this works great when i have limited microphone channels and multiple microphones .
1	will be using this a lot in the near future !
1	it delivered decent sound without distortion .
1	it served my purpose .
1	craftsmanship is ok but am wary the cable might give in sooner than later .
1	but overall , an a ok product .
1	this cable works perfect for it 's use .
1	suggest using two of the same mics for balance .
1	hosa products have always been quality
1	what can i say ?
1	what more can i say .
1	ran out of room on my 10 channel mixer .
1	i needed to hook up one extra mic .
1	this y jack xlr did the trick .
1	i have over a dozen of these y-adapters .
1	all of them have performed as expected .
1	i have no complaints about any of them .
1	high quality item well made and perfectly fits my need
1	for $ 20 , this little guy does the job .
1	picking up another to mute a new live source .
1	it works and is relatively inexpensive .
1	eliminated 60hz ac hum !
1	standard high-quality hosa adapter .
1	great switch for microphones that do not have one .
1	good length , nice quality .
1	the cable has worked great .
1	been having a problem with connectivity on the guitar .
1	fixed it , but the issue is internal .
1	otherwise , power cable on bass has been a good buy .
1	these cables are great .
1	they work great , and sound fantastic !
1	my guitar is perfectly clear and has a great tone to it .
1	super cheap cable , does a super job .
1	still going strong today .
1	it 's a no brainer to buy one !
1	i 'll definitely purchase more ( if i have to ! ! )
1	would buy it again .
1	awesome to find what you need for such a great price .
1	i am playing a fender stratocaster plugged into a peavy amp .
1	nice- does what it 's supposed to .
1	no frills , no problems .
1	i can finally hear my music !
1	does what it 's supposed to .
1	sometimes you need this kind of cable .
1	its a cable it works
1	a very good cable and a good price
1	very nice cable i 'm so surprised that it costs this much .
1	i 'm getting more if it so i do n't run out
1	great price for this product
1	item was lighter than i was expecting but still works well
1	cord works great for my middle school student
1	seems to be good quality
1	if you use xlr equipment , just buy it .
1	do n't get caught without one !
1	perfect for the job .
1	fits perfectly and does n't make any noise when turning on/off .
1	i happily recommend this product .
1	i like it so far .
1	not using for original desired application but working great elsewhere .
1	cable and boots are of good quality .
1	very happy , work well
1	cord works great and it seems to be built to last
1	that way i can play for family and friends at family get togethers .
1	i can then play along with the music to check my timing and rhythm .
1	also , the bass sound more natural bouncing around the room .
1	what else can i say except it perform exactly as it 's supposed to .
1	very durable , thick cable is well made .
1	get this and you 'll be prepared for any venue .
1	it works as intended and seems to be a decent quality .
1	i wish there was a longer option though .
1	it 's length limits some live situations .
1	i bought it to use with my korg ms-20 mini .
1	great cable at a great price
1	works as good as the expensive ones .
1	cheap , decent quality , and good sound .
1	good cord does what it is supposed to and the price is excellent .
1	one of my `` hope i wo n't need it '' gadgets .
1	kind of heavy but it dos the job .
1	worked well for what we needed .
1	the piece i was looking for my krk speaker hook-up to my phone
1	easy to route around desk .
1	fast shipping product as expected .
1	works great so far .
1	have only used a couple of times .
1	great cable , great price
1	love the material & workmanship these are mad from !
1	this was bought for a thirteen year old boy for his guitar .
1	works just as nice as his father 's more expensive cable .
1	i 'm happy with this product .
1	good cable for the money .
1	hosa is the best !
1	( eliminating the separate adapter piece eliminates so many potential weak/failure points . )
1	works great in my classroom .
1	just what i needed !
1	exactly what i needed to upgrade my system .
1	a shame they do n't make them in the usa anymore .
1	what 's there to say ... they 're banana plugs .
1	the right part delivered fast at a good price .
1	what more can you ask for ?
1	requires very , very , thin screwdriver .
1	as expected , no issues with fit , etc , will buy from again
1	real help , much cheaper than buying a new mic with a switch on it
1	i love hosa products !
1	i 've used these multiple times and have had no issues .
1	not much to say here , works perfectly and fast shipping .
1	would n't hesitate to order again .
1	it 's a really nice cable !
1	works fine at a great price .
1	wonderful cable , exactly as advertised
1	great for the money , quiet , no buzzing .
1	does what they advertise .
1	hosa cables are always a good choice .
1	it worked fine but i prefer gold tip
1	used this to properly record sounds from a tablet app -- worked flawlessly .
1	very solid and works great
1	works perfectly , no troubles at all .
1	allows unused microphones to be switches off so-as not to pick up ambient sound .
1	connections are strong and the switch action is good .
1	no interference sounds , no click or pop when switching .
1	have n't had a chance to use it yet .
1	i 'm planning on it working as intended .
1	just what i needed !
1	but there is none !
1	these cables work great for me .
1	so far so good .
1	high quality and servicable .
1	nice cable , especially given the low price .
1	do n't be fooled by the pictures however .
1	it is more like tape .
1	if it had some type of strain relief this would be five stars .
1	the plug ends insert and stay .
1	no weird electronic sounds generated by the plugs losing contact .
1	ten feet is great for practice .
1	if it breaks it 's made to fix !
1	these have had no issue handling 100 watts of rf .
1	perfect for timing system cables .
1	use in the colorado time systems touchpad and pushbutton repairs .
1	easy and fast on deck repair .
1	easy to use and assemble !
1	good dual banana at a fraction of the cost of pomona .
1	they do cost a bit more .
1	great , as expected .
1	nice cable , well made .
1	excellent fit and construction .
1	works perfectly with lyxpro balanced xlr cable .
1	this works as expected and got the job done .
1	happy with the price and quality .
1	works fine no problems for cable gender modification
1	did exactly what we needed .
1	so far so good : )
1	serves it 's purpose .
1	thick , high quality , cable.. a+
1	best deal you 're going to find for this price !
1	top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
1	a great buy no static
1	great quality and very long
1	not much to review here ... is wired properly and it works .
1	great cables for a good price !
1	these cables were just what we needed .
1	really , it does .
1	well made , worth every penny
1	this cord works perfect and the price was reasonable as well !
1	have n't had any issues with it .
1	definitely worth the price .
1	good and working well so far
1	it is clear and no buzz .
1	no problems after a year
1	excellent cable for the price .
1	it 's a cable , it works , it 's cheap
1	i 've had these since january 2014 and have n't had any issues .
1	this came in very handy when i needed it .
1	great product , quick service
1	good quality adapter made by a tip top maker .
1	came in quality condition and works as advertized .
1	it was all i needed and am pleased with it .
1	it is of a good quality way
1	definitely would buy another one next time .
1	i get consistent connections , and no stray signal interference .
1	my problem is that i keep stepping on the cable .
1	gets the job done .
1	i do n't notice any static or popping .
1	excellent quality , works perfect
1	it does what it 's supposed to do !
1	what else do you want me to say ?
1	great for the price .
1	product arrived when promised and serves the intended purpose .
1	i would purchase again .
1	.i was surprised to see it is trs .
1	that is a plus for me .
1	switching between xlr and 1/4 inputs ... because , i only have one mic .
1	it has held up , so far .
1	... it is not , loose or floppy .
1	it is solid . !
1	works as designed too ... great adapter .
1	thank you very much .
1	excellent and works well with our mics .
1	if you need it you know what its for .
1	they are the best deal going on instrument cables .
1	great product i will buy again if i need too ! !
1	does the job and is inexpensive ! !
1	works well , no complaints
1	seems a little flimsy , but is working perfectly so far .
1	i have used it for a few months now with no issues .
1	for the price , you really ca n't go wrong .
1	these cables are keepers !
1	*** i hope this review was helpful for you .
1	perfect to plug my phone into my amp to play music at parties .
1	perfect , brand new in package and shipped faster than expected .
1	i use it to play music from my android phone to a guitar amp .
1	the only product that actually keeps a stereo signal to my headphones .
1	this cored did the job and i would buy from this company again .
1	a good quality cable and at a reasonable price .
1	it seems to fit well and not be loose as some cables are .
1	this is a good cord .
1	great price , great product .
1	just what i needed !
1	and for a good price , too !
1	so far so good .
1	seem to be very high quality cables .
1	thanks it works perfectly too
1	pros : - built rock-solid , will probably outlive me .
1	works well , but loose fit and i wish it was much shorter .
1	works like a charm , great build quality .
1	was great for what i was running
1	i 'll probably come back later and give it five stars ... lol .
1	what more can i say
1	quality piece of kit .
1	i 'll be back to buy more as i need them .
1	great quality and serviceable connectors if needed .
1	love the product , works perfect
1	works well , good deal thank you
1	had it for a few weeks .
1	nice cable for the price .
1	i do n't know the difference between a good and bad patch cord .
1	this one has n't given me issues so 5 stars it is .
1	quick delivery and quality product
1	great product , great price .
1	i ca n't believe a cable can cost this little and work so well .
1	well built , works fine , no hum .
1	no complaints works fine .
1	solid construction , especially the reinforced bits near the ends .
1	the jacks themselves look indestructible and is serviceable .
1	so far , so good .
1	not bad for a budget .
1	not for high impedence though .
1	clip is a little heavy , but very well made .
1	works perfectly as an inline on/off switch .
1	no buzz -- good tight-fitting connection .
1	ordered for use with dmx and it worked great .
1	( not claiming you should use it for that though )
1	excellent quality as you would expect .
1	work too great at my first concert .
1	excellent , great buy , will recommend to friends and family .
1	i 've purchased this cable four times now .
1	used for outputting out of a pa to a zoom h1 for wedding toasts .
1	enjoy all my free 3.5mm to 1/4 inch cables , wedding places ! ! !
1	quality , just what i needed !
1	perfect extension cable for my computer speakers .
1	it 's a cable .
1	worked out of the box .
1	works great and is of great quality .
1	does n't colorize my tone in a negative way at all .
1	good price for a well built cable .
1	you 'll like them .
1	very nice cable , i definitely recommend if you need a new cable .
1	they seem to be working really good for me.. thanks guys .
1	seems well built , not tested yet tho .
1	worked as promised , good quality
1	this is a must have if your headset mic does n't already have one .
1	good thing i did .
1	it 's a life saver .
1	and a total steal for the money .
1	looks good.. time will tell..
1	worked like a champ !
1	replacement item , works as expected !
1	this cord works great !
1	the outer insulation is a silicone-feeling rubber making it very flexible .
1	does exactly what i wanted .
1	delivered on time and works without any problems .
1	does the job at an affordable price .
1	i have no issues with build quality
1	great seller , also .
1	i 'm very pleased with it , especially for the price .
1	my old cables were falling apart so i bought this as a replacement .
1	a good cable for any electric guitar .
1	durable , lightweight.. nice on the wallet..
1	it 's a cable !
1	found a quick fix .
1	does exactly what it says .
1	got rid of the ground loop noise in my setup .
1	great product and great price !
1	seems to work well .
1	good as it should be .
1	just as i wanted and ordered !
1	great products and works as described .
1	works like a charm sometimes you have to change a connection !
1	use these every day in the dance studio , the work great .
1	good quality , definitely recommend
1	good wires for the money .
1	i use it with a morse code paddle .
1	i have n't had a problem with high power rf causing problems .
1	it is a bit longer than the 3 feet advertised .
1	the cable is durable and very flexible .
1	i have noticed no induced hum or crackle noise while using the cable .
1	i will purchase additional hosa cables in the near future .
1	a nice cable with appropriate reinforcing at major fatigue areas
1	no popping or buzzing good quality
1	i 've always used these , they 've worked great in the past .
1	this one does too .
1	very decent cable at an extremely good price !
1	try looking this up at monoprice !
1	quality built cable , no feedback or issues with it cutting out .
1	it works and is a good value .
1	i mean there is really not a lot more to say ,
1	arrived quickly , and in good condition .
1	price was reasonable too , so thanks !
1	awesome product , awesome seller !
1	it 's an adapter .. it works.. price was fair imo
1	this worked great and removed the hum and is a great cost effective solution .
1	bought the wrong adapter , but it seems to be good quality none the less
1	great for any wired or headset mic w/o an on or off swich .
1	quality hardware , repairable .
1	i previously bought a fender cable ( 30 bucks ! )
1	and it started crackling and popping .
1	this runs through pedals cleanly and into my amp .
1	what else could i ask for ?
1	cheap does n't have to mean cheap ; )
1	good quality cable and sounds very good
1	hosa makes good stuff , this is no exception .
1	wish speaker would have come with the cable .
1	great product and purchase .
1	i like very mucho !
1	best cord to use .
1	1/4 '' adapter to a 1/8 '' cords do not work well .
1	sound is fuzzy and sometimes will not work at all .
1	these work the best to get what you want done !
1	this was a great buy and you should take advantage as well !
1	the ends of the plugs seem to be of high quality
1	great cable with quick delivery !
1	only complaint is the size which is my fault .
1	works good and great value !
1	i needed a replacement cable and this is perfect .
1	good price and it can be taken apart .
1	this works better than expected .
1	point is that it works for sure !
1	happy with the product .
1	works as advertised and is very lightweight with a clip for your belt or pocket
1	i am very happy with the cable .
1	no issues at all .
1	most people 's ears just are n't that good .
1	a good product a little more than what you pay for it .
1	very good quality with a good finish , works good .
1	just what i needed for the application .
1	great price and fast shipping .
1	use this between my drum machine and the amp .
1	should last a long time .
1	it is just the right length .
1	definitely recommend , would order another if need one .
1	i will be buying more .
1	the jacks feel solid and do not unscrew on accident .
1	i have not used it long but works for now .
1	it 's a cable .
1	high quality cable and it 's long enough to reach quite a long way .
1	as promised , it changes genders so a cable can be tested .
1	works for the intended purpose ...
1	very very fast shipping to hawaii and the product was more than perfect !
1	( thank you ! )
1	fast delivery , fair price .
1	seems to be made well and is easy to use .
1	no apparent distortion or change in audio input when using this product .
1	it worked ! ! ! !
1	just got back into it .
1	this did the trick .
1	really good pricing for quality of the cable !
1	realtively inexpensive patch cable for electric guitar .
1	ca n't beat the quality for the $ $ .
1	no crackling , solid connection .
1	loved the item and would buy another .
1	i have found hosa cables to be an excellent value .
1	i will probably get a couple more.shipped fast and packaged great .
1	works great and best price online
1	needed it quickly and received .
1	very good quality cable !
1	perfect product for my berhingerx32 board .
1	works great with mp3 hook ups .
1	working well , fits most iphone cases but the really tight ones
1	just what i was looking for 3.5 mm trs to 1/4 '' trs single cable
1	it works , end of story .
1	so far so good .
1	does what it 's supposed to do .
1	we 're using this in line between a wired headset mic & the board .
1	well made works perfectly .
1	good for guitar players !
1	exactly what i wanted and arrived on time .
1	this a good value cable for guitar or other applications .
1	will recommend these cables to my friends , and will purchase again .
1	this my second hosa guitar cable .
1	( the other one is shorter . )
1	like my first hosa cable , this is a high quality item .
1	i 'd definitely buy more cables of this brand .
1	its a good cable and worth the price .
1	i would buy again if i had to choose .
1	bought another i liked it so much .
1	cable is cheap in price but great in quality .
1	the cable is logn enough and does the job in my man cave .
1	did n't want to spend a lot of money .
1	the sound is good and connection is tight .
1	i can also change this cable with my kareoke so it works for me .
1	never shop at ( unnamed major guitar/bass/drums/accessories store ) for this type of item .
1	this is a fine and inexpensive cable for practice use .
1	when i first got it , one end was partially unscrewed .
1	i 'd guess it came loose during shipment .
1	what the heck , just tighten it up .
1	after all these years of playing i had never thought of that before .
1	also , when it was brand-new i got some static noise through the amp .
1	unplugging the cable and plugging it back in cleaned things right up .
1	overall it does what it is supposed to do and is a good value .
1	really , you should just buy a whole bunch .
1	works great from my i pad to amp
1	i have it connected to my laptop from my 24 channel mackie to record .
1	although that is my fault and i can not hold it against the product .
1	now they sound the way they should .
1	( silent when nothing is playing )
1	it fit the bill perfectly .
1	this worked without gender reassignment surgery and it 's very high quality .
1	works exactly as described .
1	just what i needed .
1	please check with your mic manufacturer ...
1	much lighter than i expected .
1	seems like solid craftsmanship .
1	i plugged it into my mic and it 's perfect .
1	great adapter for me in studio use and will buy more if needed !
1	well worth the money .
1	genuinely pleased with my purchase .
1	going to buy more .
1	would buy longer lengths next time around
1	seems built pretty well , and sounds good .
1	ca n't beat it for the price .
1	overall this is a solid cable and the pricing is where it should be .
1	looking it over , i was very impressed .
1	this really looks like a nice , quality cable !
1	good , thick cable and the connections seem solid .
1	i 'm very happy with this cable .
1	would i gig with it ?
1	maybe - but i 'd carry a few extras , just in case .
1	at this price , that 's an easy thing to do .
1	great cable and great value .
1	just what i was looking for in a cable and price was great too .
1	it 's a cable .
1	i do n't get any hum , and it works fine .
1	this cable is durable , inexpensive and an excellent value .
1	it is nice and long with good flexibility and i would reccomend it .
1	got a replacement within a week .
1	works well to connect my ipod to an amp .
1	even will do iphones with cases on them !
1	i used this to play music from my computer/phone to my guitar amp !
1	( put it in the headset plug in ! )
1	ehhh might want to go with a gold counterpart .
1	otherwise this is a functional cord !
1	if you 're simply into quick cheap functionality , this product is for you !
1	bought this cable to plug a keyboard into a pa system at our church .
1	no complaints from me .
1	bought this for my daughter along with her new guitar .
1	it seems to work well , no issues in the first couple of weeks .
1	i plugged this in to my guitar and amp and it sounds clear !
1	for the price it 's great and very good quality !
1	it will not save your life but its not supposed to .
1	for the price , this is a good guitar cable .
1	nothing negative about it .
1	it 's a cable .
1	however , it works well .
1	this is an excellent price for good cables .
1	shipping was fast and free !
1	great cables for the price .
1	had them for a while now and no problems .
1	seem to be shielded well also .
1	works really well , and comes at the right price .
1	the cord is reliable and clean sounding .
1	i like it and have used hosa products in the past with confidence .
1	hopefully this review will be usefull to you .
1	great well built great price fast shipping
1	good quality for money .
1	good to have in your problem solver bag .
1	these gender changers are essential tools .
1	wish they could be smaller , but these are definitely solid .
1	wires are as good as the connections they make .
1	this cable works fine and is doing the job it is designed to do .
1	firm fit , good build quality , and the price was right .
1	you ca n't really go wrong if you need a new guitar cable .
1	keep a few of these around as spares .
1	you really ca n't have too many of these cables .
1	i 'm always losing them .
1	this was a christmas gift for my husband .
1	he actually picked it out , but i made the purchase .
1	it was exactly what he wanted and he 's happy so i 'm happy !
1	this is a good solid cable with no problems .
1	quality is above-average and they 've held up well since i bought them .
1	the cables were long enought and seem to be of good quality .
1	well made and functional .
1	pluged right in and was ready to go .
1	will probably last me for a while if i keep it from twisting .
1	seems to do the trick .
1	does what it 's supposed to do .
1	cable is well built and durable .
1	no hum ; worth the money
1	came quickly and serves its purpose well .
1	exactly as expected performance for the item ordered .
1	will purchase more hosa cables .
1	jacks are nicely finished and well polished .
1	very flexible , solid and quiet .
1	nothing special - just a regular instrument cable .
1	decently durable , decently inexpensive .
1	nothing particularly special though .
1	at least hosa is a brand name that i 've used before .
1	this is your basic , black electric guitar cable but it works great .
1	nice and rubbery and 10 feet is long enough .
1	in my opinion it does not hurt to have extra guitar cables around .
1	from experience they tend to just die without notice .
1	i have a feeling this one will last a long time .
1	it is built sturdy and sounds really good .
1	i recommend this product .
1	great cable , but how can you mess this up ?
1	just what i needed at the time !
1	this is well made and just what i needed !
1	have not experienced any issues so far .
1	hooked up sound board to computer works well
1	does exactly what it 's supposed to .
1	fast delivery great price superb product i will buy it again !
1	great value and works perfectly .
1	bought this cable for my daughter to use on her bass guitar .
1	nicely made of high quality cable .
1	they are superb quality for the price !
1	i highly recommend them for practice and home use .
1	i bought two and use them every day
1	this is a very nice cable for the price .
1	i already bent one end of it though , fortunately it still works fine .
1	inside the phono connector the wires are covered by white shrink plastic .
1	have n't noticed any hum or crackles .
1	for sure a good buy .
1	i would order another one .
1	solid metal tips protect the jack from breakage or splitting .
1	g'head , give it a whirl .
1	needed a long cable for a guitar .
1	not a professional guitar player , but the sound i 'm getting is good .
1	nothing bad to say in my opinion it 's a good manufacturer quality cable .
1	came as expected no problems with it .
1	good product for the purpose
1	great product , fast delivery .
1	100 % noise reduction ! , love it ! !
1	now , i can take any xlr cable that is handed to me .
1	we plug this into the video camera in front of the audio cable .
1	this came exactly as expected .
1	would spend the money again in a heartbeat .
1	this appears to be a solid cable and good quality .
1	i have not had it very long so longevity is always a question .
1	i see no reason not to buy this cable again if another is needed .
1	good cable , as good as any expensive brand .
1	thick , a bit stiff and seems to be shielded .
1	no complaints at all .
1	no problems so far .
1	there are cables you can buy for way more money .
1	this did the job with no issues found .
1	this is a very high quality cable , especially for the price .
1	ordered this cable to replace a monster guitar cable that is shot .
1	for the money , it 's a great deal .
1	good construction , sturdy , no problems so far .
1	overall , would definitely buy another and would definitely buy it from amazon .
1	prime delivery makes this thing a no-brainer .
1	use it for practicing guitar at home .
1	great cable well worth the price !
1	delivered on time and as described .
1	perfect for what i needed .
1	just as described and at a great price .
1	does its job good , cable is nice and long , decent quality .
1	awesome quality at am unbeatable price ! !
1	never had a problem with these .
1	t only one i use .
1	i would recommend this product to anytime .
1	great , high quality cable !
1	have n't had any problems .
1	it feels reliable and without adding noise .
1	great cable for the price .
1	good length for playing around in my house .
1	would recommend for those practicing or having fun .
1	i just purchased this cable for my bass .
1	it is n't stiff at all , and moves about very easily .
1	this is good cable .
1	excellent 1/4 '' plugs .
1	grade a+ cable at a very affordable price .
1	definitely going back for more .
1	the 25 ft. cable was only a couple dollars more than 10 ft .
1	works well and seems to have no feed back problems
1	perfect for what i need
1	good product and swift delivery - thanks !
1	i would buy again .
1	nice patch cable to use from cd player to mixer
1	another quality hosa product !
1	the 10 ' cable allows is the same length as most guitar cables .
1	it does n't force me to be super close to the amp .
1	i can scoot back and and comfortably play and use my pedals without interference .
1	the construction appears to be rather durable .
1	i have n't noticed any noise interference while using the headphones .
1	what more can i say .
1	the cable works perfectly for my needs .
1	i needed this to use a 1/4 out to 1/8 in .
1	paid 5.95 for it and it so far it works great .
1	i figured i had nothing to lose .
1	i will never do that again .
1	hard to day too much , but it works great .
1	no issues to speak of .
1	it does the job perfectly well
1	great non-kink cable , no noise , great connectors .
1	that 's all i need !
1	i 'm big on strain relief and i love these .
1	well made , sturdy with good connectors .
1	much less expensive than cables at music stores of the same quality .
1	excellent cable for the money ( about $ 8 ) .
1	this is ma very well made instrument cable .
1	this is ma very well made instrument cable .
1	i thought i would get what i paid for .
1	i had no problems with this chord , it works perfectly .
1	been using them for 2 months now and i 'm completely happy .
1	this product does exactly what it is supposed to do at a decent price .
1	i have absolutely no complaints .
1	this is my first experience with the brand and i am not disappointed .
1	used to hook-up my external speaker to my ham radio .
1	fit the bill just fine .
1	it works as advertised and i am happy with the purchase .
1	good service delivery like they advertised prime customer .
1	got it in plenty time and was just as shown .
1	i would recommend this to a friend .
1	the other one 's been doing okay so far .
1	we use these at band practice for mics that do n't have switches .
1	that 's about what it is .
1	hard to argue with the price .
1	good to have in you bag of adapters
1	i would n't recommend this adapter for power transfer between xlr cables .
1	every musician should have a converter in their arsenal .
1	works perfectly as a connector to make my microphone setup possible
1	this works really well for me .
1	feels well made and sturdy .
1	i got this cable for the cigar box guitar set up i put together .
1	plugged in with lots of violent movement and no complications .
1	worked like a charm .
1	it came as described by seller and even came a day or two early !
1	i would recommend it to anyone !
1	played several gigs with it .
1	seems to be pretty reliable comparing to other units on amazon .
1	hard to beat for the price .
1	is doing better then the stock cable that i had .
1	no problems and would recommend
1	no scratchyness if touched .
1	im using it between my mixer and large speaker .
1	very clean sound.i would recommend definatly
1	it does cable things quite well .
1	14 more words required .
1	duck cat moose gator pig eagle fish dog hedgehog goat sheep .
1	does what it says it will .
1	much better than dealing with adapters .
1	perfect for the estereo channels in the qsc touch mix
1	works great , seems to be sturdy enough .
1	does what 's it says
1	good adapter for karaoke player for microphone
1	works as advertised and appears to be well-built !
1	does the work it was made for .
1	well made and noise free .
1	a dab of locktite blue will fix this as well .
1	i 've got probably 30 hours of practice time on it now .
1	no noises or crackling to speak of .
1	wish i had bought a longer one but that 's not the cables fault .
1	very nice for the price .
1	they come unthreaded fairly easy though .
1	but if you do n't move them around , should be fine .
1	top quality , heavy cable with well made ends .
1	they are a hosa product , they are high quality .
1	cord worked perfectly for my keyboard .
1	i have noticed no reduction in quality of the sound .
1	the r/l channels are passed through with no issue .
1	the cable does not feel cheap as some other audio cables do .
1	tl ; dr : it 's a good stereo 1/8 to 1/4 cable
1	i got this around january 2013 and it still works .
1	i would definently reccomend it
1	not much to say here .
1	use these every week , several times a week as a gigging acoustic musician .
1	no hum , no worries .
1	... for the most part .
1	this cable is affordable and sounds decent .
1	good quality guitar cord .
1	very low noise , repairable , effective strain releaf , thick rubber cover ! !
1	this is a great buy , under 10 bucks for a quality cord .
1	of course i just got it..it might not be durable but it looks durable .
1	if i change my mind about anything i will update my review .
1	for now , i would say , buy one ! !
1	plugs into the amp just fine .
1	also plugs into the guitar just fine .
1	have not had any issues with it .
1	for the price if they work then they are a bargain .
1	a handy thing to have around the studio
1	yes , does what intended for .
1	i really need a black one ! ! !
1	and your product is nice .
1	my email is : zkd02 @ hotmail.com
1	i needed this for my microphone cord and it seems to be working great .
1	great it came quick i love this product
1	great it came quick i love this product
1	great product , sturdy and we 'll built .
1	as advertised , good sound , no complaints .
1	buy it if you need 10 or so feet of moving around .
1	it 's a classic movie everyone should own .
1	the cable works and the quality looks good .
1	have not noticed any feedback problems or interference from other electrical devices .
1	i am not hard on cables .
1	this one seem to perform just fine .
1	no buzz , and/or other noises noted .
1	i have several of them and they have all performed well .
1	is a fairly high quality cable with good shielding .
1	the material is not stiff , got it ? , good !
1	it 's a `` cheap '' cable in price only .
1	i 've used it once and it seems to be of good quality .
1	no excessive buzz or noise when played through my small guitar amp .
1	hopefully it is durable .
1	high quality shielded audio cable integrated into live streaming av setup .
1	no problems to date .
1	using to connect my motif xf8 synthesizer to a logitech z5500 speaker system .
1	works great , no buzzing or pops .
1	even on the shoebox amp , it still sounded great .
1	these are good cables at a good price ! !
1	no loose connections and the sound is great .
1	i bought it for my son -- it 's nothing fancy .
1	not much more i can say about it .
1	nice and solid guitar cable for the price .
1	i did n't know the hosa cable before .
1	somebody said on line he preferred hosa cables .
1	i agree with him .
1	i expect to get years of service out of it .
1	but it has been great so far .
1	recommend this product to any beginner player !
1	works like a charm and its nice and cheap .
1	ca n't go wrong with this product !
1	these connectors are hard to find the quality was great at a fair price !
1	been using it a few weeks and no problems whatsoever !
1	great addition for mics w/out switches .
1	does the job that i need it to do ... nothing fancy just efficient .
1	does the job it was made to do .
1	i installed the ground lift and the problem was gone .
1	very effective and sturdy .
1	works as it should .
1	i can use a mic in a 1/4 '' female on my amp .
1	it serves the purpose .
1	works great for connecting a laptop to a sound amp for karaoke setup
1	after 2 years of profuse use , still works great !
1	i like this brand .
1	have bought a variety of cables from them and will buy more .
1	good quality and arrived very quickly .
1	fast ship and just what i needed..
1	the plugs are little longer than they have to be .
1	it did but it is great to have on hand .
1	i bought two and they work great !
1	well made and built to last .
1	do n't be fooled by the low cost .
1	this is a quality item .
1	buying this hosa cable was a positive , non - frustrating experience .
1	the quality is great .
1	the price is great .
1	this cable is a keeper at a throw away price .
1	no problems so far .
1	no better deal can be found !
1	i do n't hear a lot of feedback through my monitors using these cables .
1	all in all , a great product for the money .
1	i 'd buy one again .
1	i 'm pleasantly surprised with this cable .
1	it 's decent sound and decent build quality , for a good price .
1	so i got this , fits snugg
1	a quality cable for a great price ! !
1	i have been using it for months now and have had no issues .
1	its good for short distance only .
1	not too long or not too short .
1	not a has-tied to trip .
1	what can i say , this cable works very well for the price .
1	really great sound in a really well made cable .
1	use it for my bass , no problems whatsoever .
1	i own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there .
1	i 've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so .
1	i own lots of hosa cables they are cheap and quality is there .
1	i 've only recieved one bad cable out of around 50 or so .
1	i should order a couple of spares !
1	i bought this to practice playing my les paul with my fender amp .
1	this cable snaps in both ends perfectly and the sound is pretty good .
1	great quality for the price .
1	this is a new and defect-free instrument 25 feet cable from hosa .
1	the outer cover appears and feels to be made from rubber .
1	using several of the hosa cables with no adverse static or noise .
1	arrived on time and performs as you would expect .
1	worked like a charm for the casio privia i borrowed over the summer .
1	it 's so good for me .
1	arrived in two days .
1	super happy about that .
1	no hum , no static , well built .
1	label was upside down , off was on and on was off .
1	not a big deal .
1	they 've worked great .
1	customer support for the audio interface suggested this product .
1	i was skeptical but it completely fixed my problem .
1	hosa cable gtr210 guitar instrument cable - 10ft .
1	i 'm very satisfied with my purchase .
1	works exactl as descri bed and came super fast !
1	awesome product and selller .
1	they came through super well for us
1	good product at a good price .
1	have used it multiple times and works well with my guitar and speaker .
1	great to have when friends come over to jam .
1	i would buy more if i needed them .
1	clean , noise free and well made .
1	i 'll be buying more of these as my older chords die .
1	great value for a 20 ' cable .
1	this was most cost effective for a cable to use at home .
1	i would purchase again .
1	i use it at home for practice .
1	it is easy to manage and works very well .
1	quality wise , it was much better than expected .
1	perfect for my audio needs
1	very durable material and am very pleased with how well it works
1	a great price for a good name cable .
1	convenient 3.5 to 1/4 cable .
1	very nice transfer sound data !
1	perfect for live gigs .
1	son said it 's what he needed to do the job ! !
1	worked like a champ !
1	fits a little loose but works well
1	product arrived as expected .
1	these do a single job , and they do it well .
1	in short : if you need them , their fine .
1	they could just be more classy in their physical design .
1	unobtrusive packaging , rich corinthian rubber , beautiful plumage - it has it all !
1	for the price , this works really well .
1	i see no faults .
1	it can unscrew pretty easily , but this is hardly a problem right now .
1	i have not had any issues with it so far .
1	good quality , flexible 10 ' cable .
1	good screw-on connectors , the terminals are protected by a heavy shrink-wrap covering .
1	repairing or replacing the connectors should be easy with a little soldering skill .
1	good length for practicing , but probably too short for performances .
1	everything arrived in a timely matter and in good shape .
1	thanks was a christmas gift ... .. ... . ... . ... ...
1	5-string active bass , no issues with signal or tone .
1	it works great , no problems .
1	never the less , it worked flawlessly .
1	good luck and good music to all !
1	my macpro has a toslink out .
1	add the hosa and my world is suddenly perfect .
1	bought for my hobby and is heavy duty & built good .
1	works great , no problems whatsoever .
1	it has given me no issues .
1	no pop , no snap , sounds great !
1	great for the price too , i 'm very happy with this purchase .
1	works in a tight spot ... be sure you do n't need it longer !
1	so far so good on this cable .
1	i use it just for practicing at the house .
1	needed an inexpensive cable .
1	it 's a cord ... it does what it needs too .
1	high quality and its 10 feet long longer than my old one .
1	the plugs are nice too .
1	the cable is nicely made , but did n't do what i wanted .
1	i wanted to plug my electric ukulele into my laptop .
1	i think the stereo 1/4 '' plug is the problem .
1	did exactly what i needed it to do !
1	pros : easy to find , easy to buy-on amazon .
1	works cons : none so far .
1	very useful when providing audio in many different places .
1	used with hosa 20 ft snake .
1	item exactly as described and delivered very quickly .
1	i use this every gig !
1	this is a great switch that does not pop when the mic is opened .
1	good quality for the price .
1	good price , good quality and works great .
1	no problems with it so far .
1	would definitely recommend it .
1	received in a timely manner ! ! !
1	i 've used it many times with my les paul .
1	good quality also for the price of it .
1	i would buy another with quality this good .
1	the cable works well and is a good value for a decent quality cable .
1	solid product for the price .
1	reinforced ends are a welcome addition .
1	what else to say to fill twenty words ? ? ?
1	it 's a guitar cable , not that complicated a thing .
1	hosa guitar cables work great .
1	never had any problems with them .
1	i own several of different lengths and they all sound perfect .
1	this cable works great with my acoustic-electric guitar .
1	great for recreation and great quality .
1	very positive experience ... \m/
1	it does what it claims to do .
1	not pro quality but at that price it does its job well
1	works like a cable should
1	my dad is loving this adapter .
1	this is one of his favorite .
1	my dad is loving this adapter .
1	this is one of his favorite .
1	good quality and performance for non-gold plated contact product and i 'll buy more .
1	i 'm not willing to pay the premium for gold plated versions .
1	just what i needed .
1	great if you can still get them ! ! !
1	i was unaware of this when i bought this adapter .
1	used it for a mic cable extension .
1	for the price , fantastic .
1	but for seven bucks it gets the job done .
1	recommended if you are doing the `` beginner '' thing and testing the waters .
1	otherwise , spend a few more bucks for something with higher chances of lasting .
1	and boy was i impressed .
1	zero issues with this cable so far .
1	i 'll update this review if/when it breaks .
1	caveat : i do n't perform on stage .
1	these are strictly for home use .
1	the plugs fit tight and are reliable .
1	what more can i say ?
1	buy hosa and i do n't think you 'll be disappointed .
1	this certainly fulfills the requirements .
1	works just fine for me and what i need .
1	i did n't need anything fancy .
1	just a connection to a little fender amp i have .
1	with strong clear sound at a great price .
1	works great on my 100 watt amp .
1	almost compares to a monster cable .
1	and with its length its plenty of room from your guitar to amp .
1	received in a timely manner , and it works great solid quality also !
1	highly recommend this product , and will shop from them again thank you !
1	cable came at a very good price .
1	am very pleased with these cables .
1	good quality product and low price .
1	the cable is very flexible and connectors seems good quality .
1	this cable disproves the notion that you get what you pay for .
1	it 's quality outweighs its price .
1	let 's face it , a cable is a cable is a cable .
1	but the quality of these cables can vary greatly .
1	the quality appears good .
1	it does not feel cheap at all .
1	the signal is super clean .
1	i would definitely buy from hosa again .
1	i am pleased to say that it is a solid piece of equipment .
1	no buzz whatsoever and it appears and feels to be of very sturdy construction .
1	i 've seen and used some better cables but not at this price point .
1	and i 've certainly seen quite a few worse !
1	this is a pretty good sweet spot , in my opinion .
1	fast shipping & great products and good price !
1	very satisfy for the performance and the nice price with excelent stereo quality .
1	well built and works .
1	great but ended up not needing it ...
1	fi the bill perfect , you saved outdoor movie night !
1	this is a must have in my video bag .
1	no noise or issues that i 've seen .
1	you 're in good shape with this adapter !
1	works as expected ! !
1	i wish i had a soundboard that only had xlr .
1	this works , you should not need it .
1	love it : - )
1	this item arrived on time and was exactly as advertised .
1	exactly what i needed and good quality .
1	used to plug my mic into my amp .
1	got the wrong one but it 's a good item
1	excellent product , got the job done .
1	works extremely well for my purposes .
1	it works like it should .
1	excellent product and seller .
1	works well in our applicatio , good price .
1	sometimes they are the only cables with what i need .
1	i received it quick fast do n't have to wait too long .
1	i always have loved hosa cable .
1	i did n't expect any less than what i got .
1	i love simple equipment .
1	no noise on switch movement .
1	everything i expected ! !
1	does what it says ... .seamless connectivity
1	works great , though one side fits a bit tight .
1	my super 55 need and on/off switch
1	as advertised , new , clean and high quality
1	versatile adaptor for 1/4 inch connections .
1	got here and looks good
1	well made inexpensive cable .
1	this is a quality patch / interconnect cable .
1	it works , what else can i say .
1	a bit bulky but they work as expected .
1	the clip to attach to your clothing or a pocket is high quality .
1	i use with a shure headphone type mic .
1	received very quickly , pleased with item , works great
1	works great , made of metal for low z mics..
1	tight fit and seems solid
1	as described , fast shipping thank you
1	they are clean , they work and arrived on time .
1	need i say more ?
1	seems to be of good quality .
1	low to no noise .
1	connecting ends are quality too .
1	perfect match for connect my mac to my cube 30 .
1	works like a charm .
1	does the job at an attractive price .
1	good product and timely delivery !
1	works great for our school show .
1	cheap , works great .
1	it 's a perfect last resort in any live or recording situation .
1	hosa always has good products .
1	this is no exception to that .
1	good , solid lock-up , and it functions as it should .
1	i own several of these and they all behave the same way .
1	you 're just going to notice a tiny slant when using them .
1	the switch is quite and smooth .
1	all my wires , cheap and expensive , link up well .
1	they are also very light weight .
1	much needed , life saver ! ! !
1	labeling is so counter intuitive .
1	good quality , works great .
1	no problems so far .
1	not much to review .
1	a nice combination and easy way to get the output to any amplifier .
1	wonderful sound and durable .
1	good length , as well .
1	what can i say , hosa makes a wonderful product that works every time .
1	i use it for testing same gender cables with my beringer tester .
1	this was an interim solution until my custom insert cables arrived from the supplier .
1	used to put a mic into an effect pedal or amp etc .
1	i am pleased with the performance and build .
1	its affordable and it works .
1	and it was deleivered on time too ...
1	i do n't find this to be an issue .
1	tl ; dr it works perfectly .
1	it helps combine the sound into one audio track , which works for me .
1	solid , quality product .
1	this product comes in handy .
1	i can not tell the difference in sound quality but it is good .
1	the only problem i have is that the cables are too thin .
1	the could have been a little more thick .
1	it does what it 's supposed to do .
1	good for the intended application .
1	does the job - well !
1	works great , love it
1	perfect for what i needed.. the work great .
1	nice and durable adapter .
1	fits really well with my microphone .
1	fast shipping and item is as described .
1	will buy more in the future .
1	this is good , packaged well and came as expected .
1	why do n't you get prepared for social and political unrest !
1	great price for a specialty product .
1	it works as expected , and is constructed well .
1	i 'm expecting it to give me years and years of service .
1	this has come in handy many times in my studio z108.net .
1	we love having it around .
1	good quality affordable price .
1	not bad for a hosa cable .
1	no complaints on either the product nor the shipping method
1	this cable solved my problem .
1	really clear sound now on my tracks .
1	works great , high quality wire .
1	it works very well .
1	just not what i needed in my particular situation .
1	thanks for having a source for small and very special items .
1	i had a helpful volunteer run 500 feet of xlr cable backwards .
1	pulled out the adapters and saved the day .
1	i have also recommended the male to male adapters .
1	i would recommend these to a friend but none of my friends use them .
1	it works fine at this time .
1	i would recommend to others .
1	it is a very good option for mics w/o an on/off button .
1	it does well what it is supposed to do .
1	reason for four stars : it could be a bit smaller .
1	delivery was prompt and price was fine
1	works perfectly , highly recommended
1	it 's a cable .
1	it feels appropriately rubbery .
1	it works like you would expect .
1	love this , good deal , works great on behringer , bass modeler !
1	does the job dope ! !
1	it 's a switch .
1	not much else to be said .
1	goes from xlr female to balanced 1/4 inch .
1	i can use other hose adapters i purchased to change gender too .
1	no issues and works fine for what we needed .
1	for the price , ca n't beat it .
1	just what i needed .
1	fits perfectly on my microphone cable .
1	i bought a lot of these adapters that seem to work with no frills .
1	they work as they should .
1	great fit for the cables !
1	just a basic female xlr to 1/4 inch male adapter .
1	its an xlr splitter.. does what it should : )
1	perfect for what i needed
1	not much else to say about it !
1	great cable y connectors .
1	works just fine for my needs .
1	these have been very helpful .
1	this adapter is perfect for everything .
1	i use this for all my equipment when i need to improvise .
1	works like a charm everytime .
1	hosa audio connectors are some of the best in my opinion .
1	rugged all metal construction and no hum or noise .
1	these are a great item for any audio engineer 's gear box .
1	was shipped to my house the very next day .
1	i purchased this to work with my ion system and my shure mic .
1	arrived as expected , very solid great fit .
1	it works ! ! !
1	using cable every day ( 4-8 hours ) for 4 months or so .
1	works fine so far .
1	thank you very much .
1	a good cable for a decent price !
1	made my life so much easier !
1	this did the job beautifully !
1	exactly what we needed , delivered on time and works fine .
1	great , in a pinch .
1	fast ship and good connections
1	does what i paid for it to do .
1	these did the trick .
1	they are well constructed and solid .
1	i used them to change the genders on our snake to feed the mains .
1	this allowed me to connect my xlr mic to my camcorder .
1	i was surprised how much i had to search for such a simple product .
1	the price was right and the quality was excellent .
1	i will definitely tell my band friends about using this store .
1	i would recommend this product to anyone .
1	no complaints so far .
1	works perfectly , great price , handy connector .
1	would recommend to all who need this kind of connector .
1	and did i mention the great price ?
1	works as anticipated ... great accessory for my business needs !
1	sounds go in one end , and come out the other .
1	exactly what i need .
1	excellent product , very happy with it
1	did n't work for what i needed i guess but the cord seemed fine .
1	the cable works great !
1	works perfect , thanks .
1	good product at a fair price , what 's not to like ?
1	it does the job and is very solid .
1	a must-have for customizing your cable length .
1	much cheaper to replace this if it breaks then the amps control .
1	none of that with hosa .
1	as the title says , it works .
1	but , no issues besides that .
1	could be tight fitting into certain places on a pedalboard but works great overall .
1	nice adapter and it works great .
1	if you are in need of xlr to 1/4 '' adapter this one works !
1	note ; combining signals is a different matter all together .
1	in that case you do want some sort of tranformer isolation device .
1	they also have amic level unit just like it .
1	but for splitting , have no fear .
1	your signal integrity will be fine and your devices will be safe .
1	the 1.5 foot cable is very short but that is what i wanted .
1	plan to get one more .
1	does the job nicely .
1	great quality aaaa+ would buy again !
1	great cable for its price .
1	just what i needed .
1	good quality fast shipping .
1	not mad at all .
1	well made , solid construction .
1	this one was done right .
1	do n't use them much but very nice to have a few around .
1	great price , and fast shipping !
1	will most likely order again .
1	shipped super fast and it matches the description just as stated .
1	couldnt be more happy with choosing this !
1	i does what it should
1	these are well made and connect solidly .
1	quiet -- no hum other noise problems .
1	inexpensive solution to send one audio source to two recorders .
1	perfect to chain multiple speakers !
1	sometimes you are only given one output and these works great for those occasions .
1	it 's a splitter .
1	cheaply made and extremely useful .
1	this is a must for wedding/event videographers .
1	i guarantee it will save your behind on numerous occasions .
1	just be careful when handling/storing this adapter outer walls bend easily .
1	hosa seems to be a good brand .
1	used for school plays for feeding boom box or computer audio into audio mixer
1	perfect for my needs !
1	does what it should do .
1	nothing else to say really .
1	works like it is suppose to .
1	looks like a quality cable .
1	not the highest quality , but a great value for the price .
1	works as designed fits snugly into the jacks i use it with .
1	this cable allows me to run my amp/processor/guitar straight to my laptop for recording .
1	the quality is good , does not really add any unwanted noise .
1	for the price , definitely worth it .
1	this does exactly what it needs to do .
1	or some other audiophile type stuff ?
1	good solid quality and does what is it supposed to do .
1	6 more words to do ha !
1	dirt cheap , it works just fine .
1	i would recommend this quality product and buy additional adapters the vendor .
1	the product arrived on time and worked perfectly .
1	very handy to have a few of these lying around .
1	i remedied this by adding a label with electrical tape .
1	it 's amazing how much adapters like this used to cost .
1	i manage a classic rock band .
1	i recently ordered a bunch of stuff to replace aging gear .
1	cables , mics , stands , snakes , etc .
1	we have now been out on a couple of gigs with the stuff .
1	it is all good quality and working fine .
1	does exactly what i expected it to do .
1	it did everything i hoped it would do
1	works as advertised , nothing more , nothing less .
1	top , ,amazon seller , ,10/10 , ,big , ,thanks , , ( )
1	the cable worked perfectly , no flaws or issues , over 1 year later
1	fast shipping , great quality
1	as described , good product
1	very happy with the product , even though not made in usa .
1	i would recommend it to anyone who is looking for gear .
1	what else can i say ?
1	if you need an xlr gender changer , this ca n't be beat .
1	now i can record with 6 channels , and monitor with 2 .
1	( it 's an 8 channel xlr snake ) .
1	why do i go through all that you ask ?
1	hence the word adapter ... : -p i love it .
1	my mistake , not theirs .
1	you can not tell theres anything there except the mic and you .
1	these are so cheap on amazon .
1	hosa makes the best adapters , insert cables , etc .
1	you can always count of them .
1	thanks ... ... ... ...
1	works great for us .
1	works great for my needs
1	this works great for me .
1	i never touch their mixer and just handle my own mix .
1	worked just as expected .
1	not bay for the money
1	the first tracks we layed down are good sounding .
1	splitter works just fine for my needs
1	i have used this for over a year and it works great .
1	i am able to talk to my co-announcer without covering up my mic .
1	this little inexpensive on/off switch is great .
1	also , i worry about the connection long term .
1	i use this with a wired headset while playing drums .
1	this is exactly what i needed and it works perfectly .
1	does the job well .
1	as another reviewer mentioned .
1	his review was recent so i did the same ( thanks ! }
1	with the same desired result .
1	they should note it here .
1	great value for this high tech cable .
1	very pleased with it !
1	needed for my church audio system to input mixer audio into the camera .
1	the cable works great !
1	worked great and i even hooked up my phone to the amp
1	exactly what i was looking for .
1	use it with a shure hardwire personal monitor bodypack on live stages .
1	these are light and do the job just fine at a great price .
1	i 'll order more when i lose these .
1	opened one additional input for me .
1	connects an ipad , ipod or iphone to a pa system
1	the cable works fine despite that it has molded plastic connectors at both ends .
1	just what i needed to make some connections in our church 's sound system .
1	this product is really high quality and has n't messed up once .
1	just what i needed ! ! !
1	perfect length and reliably built !
1	just what i needed .
1	just what i needed for connecting any mini plug to 1/4 inch .
1	for the price it 's doing it 's j.o.b .
1	i will keep it for find another use for it one day .
1	exactly as ordered and of good quality .
1	works well and no noise
1	this is a very handy item .
1	i used it to hook up cordless microphone to preamp to my dslr .
1	good items and arrive on time
1	i have no problem with this
1	just what i needed .
1	good quality from hosa .
1	been using these for the past 12 months and no issues .
1	they work well with my steinberg ur28m interface and the quality is very good .
1	great back up to my whirlwind .
1	works perfect no issue .
1	hosa makes affordable cables that work well .
1	will last long if treated well .
1	i used this for school to connect various devices to our school sound system .
1	works great , no problems with anything .
1	everything as described , thank you !
1	price is right , buy it , great value !
1	works fine , sturdy enough .
1	y cables , too lazy to make my own .
1	just what i thought it would be .
1	works perfectly , sound quality is great and i get to distort my drums !
1	^_^ as always prime shipping lives up to it 's reputation !
1	this cord is exactly what i needed and works great .
1	this cable will keep me from loosing the adaptor .
1	just what i needed .
1	hosa cables are of good quality .
1	great product ! ! !
1	perfect for what i needed .
1	ca n't go wrong with hosa .
1	trusted for many years .
1	that 's what i 'm talking about .
1	bought in 2014 still works great .
1	we use it every weekend .
1	these are simple and awesome .
1	i use them every day on my radio show .
1	love the quality and price ...
1	it 's a cable .
1	otherwise not a lot to say .
1	i like when items are exactly as described .
1	very happy with this purchase .
1	it is what is is .
1	i 've had no problem with it .
1	prefect length for a headphone replacement cord and well made .
1	using this cable to sync my pocket wizards with my studio strobes .
1	so far so good , good solid connection without any issues .
1	these cables are perfect and very easy to use .
1	just plug your iphone to the speaker and its works amazingly .
1	came fast - came well packed - well made - very professional quality
1	useful , even if i replace the femal xlr to male
1	they do n't feel cheap .
1	they do n't feel like they 're about to break when you touch them .
1	they work beautifully as is .
1	buy them if you need them .
1	exactly what is should be !
1	another great product from hosa !
1	does what i need it to do
1	very useful for a patch cord in my studio
1	this adapter cable fills my requirement exactly .
1	i appreciate the availability to find the variety of unique patch cables here .
1	very good quality and fits without any looseness or popping sounds .
1	it looks to be well-made and it works fine with no noticeable noise .
1	larger diameter ) plastic case to fit tightly into the socket .
1	that 's not the cable 's fault , it 's apple 's ...
1	i do not notice any audio issues with it and its a thin cable .
1	easy to wrap up and keep with your supply of cables !
1	great price and supper fast shipping .
1	so far so good ; it seems to work fine .
1	i 'm glad i got the long one .
1	sometimes i need to extra length .
1	had to get a replacement .
1	these cables work like a charm .
1	i would recommend this product and the company hosa cable to everyone .
1	thus far the cable has performed well with good fidelity .
1	for occasional use i would purchase this cable again .
1	so useful for connecting electronics to amps or mixing boards or pa systems .
1	came quick , good quality and nice long cord .
1	sorry for the late review however i was very pleased with this purchase
1	needed these to split out my amps in my rack from my driverack pa2 .
1	so far so good , it 's definitely a great product for the price .
1	it does the job you need it too and does n't break the bank .
1	lots of reviews here complaining about the quality and length of the cables .
1	both are valid complaints , but not for the price of this product .
1	it 's worked for me as i have plenty of spare cable .
1	get it , use it and remember how much it cost .
1	perfect to split mono mike into xlr l-r pre amp .
1	as a semi-pro dj this is good to have .
1	have used it daily for over 6 months now and have had no issues .
1	i would purchase this cable again .
1	10 ft is great stretch for some of my speaker and mic needs .
1	cable thickness is great for those worrying of pinching .
1	for the price , it works well .
1	if you need something more quality , it will cost a lot more .
1	i have had no problems with mine .
1	i would buy it again .
1	i use this for my headphone amplifier .
1	seems to work well .
1	i have no complaints .
1	it is compatible with my headphones .
1	came on time and work great .
1	have a great gain area before feedback .
1	use them about once a week and sometimes even more .
1	worked exactly as i expected .
1	simple to use and the seller got it to me really fast !
1	works great , seems to be sturdy enough .
1	arrived fast and works great
1	the foh can hook up to the other side and do their thing .
1	.good price , handy adapter .
1	seems built well enough but not terribly heavy duty
1	i think the zoom h4n is a very good product .
1	sent my audio via stereo , like i needed .
1	5 stars , no hesitation .
1	good price packaged great and shipped fast what more could i say .
1	put it to test use and it seemed just fine .
1	i hope it will hold up but other than that im super happy .
1	i will order from this seller again soon as they have great prices .
1	the auxilary side doesnt fit my samsung galaxy s4 phone case .
1	would be a 5 star if it did fit .
1	however i can hear a `` hum '' sound when song playing is done .
1	that 's why i deducted one star .
1	this cable seemed a good combo of quality and price .
1	i use it to plug my phone into my amp for pandora .
1	provides a nice clean sound ,
1	works perfectly for what i need it for !
1	hosa makes great products and this is another example of their quality .
1	note that these are essentially passive cables , i.e .
1	works very well with my application that i need it for
1	bought this before my last gig .
1	no problems yet ! !
1	i recommend for the price .
1	excellent , both stereo channels to power amp and no power loss
1	hosa makes great products .
1	this splitter is solid and does the job-
1	no sound degregation or interference .
1	seems to be a top-notch built cable .
1	this cable connected the amp i bought nicely .
1	it 's solid , it works well , no complaints .
1	does what it 's supposed to , built like a decent cable .
1	very satisfied with this product .
1	the price was reasonable as well .
1	the size is convenient too .
1	thank you very much .
1	i used it to connect my computer to a headphone amplifier .
1	good length and good quality cable .
1	not much exciting to write about a cable that just works as expected .
1	works well - and several months later is still in use .
1	this cable is great !
1	for the price , it 's already a plus .
1	it does its job , and i 'm pleased with this item .
1	i 'd recommend anyone to purchase this .
1	i have n't had any problems with the hosa cables i have purchased .
1	there are lots of helpful variations of connectors
1	i use this to connect my computer 's audio out to a headphone amp .
1	light and plastic but works well enough .
1	using them for amp micing .
1	best sound i 've ever gotten from a mic .
1	is a great product ,
1	very fast delivery and product meets my needs .
1	will consider for future purchases !
1	for $ 40 these are fantastic mics .
1	works as expected , and at a good price from this seller .
1	why pay more for something that does what it is suppose to do ?
1	flawless.. had it for about a year.. no problems
1	good quality cables and connectors
1	did exactly what i needed it to do without a hitch !
1	exactly what i needed .
1	my mic is monaural and i need to input to a stereo ipad dock .
1	now it records on both .
1	( through the focusrite dock ) .
1	works like a dream .
1	useful for the price .
1	i bought these mics instead of the q4s .
1	for the money , these are quite wonderful .
1	they actually sound like my sure sm58 .
1	i bought them to record toms on a drum kit .
1	they work quite well for this purpose .
1	better than i was expecting !
1	thank you very much .
1	a sturdy cable that seems to be very high quality .
1	no more misplaced adapters .
1	a worthy addition to my collection .
1	the price is good too .
1	use it all the time a good buy good quality and shipped on time
1	yay , no more jiggly 'gold-plated ' adapter !
1	just what i need for my audio out to pc speaker input .
1	and 5ft is luckily all i need .
1	did exactly as advertised !
1	i would recommend this to anyone .
1	have to turn the mixer eq down .
1	these microphones work well .
1	great price for this product .
1	great purchase for me .
1	i 'm in a 3-piece folk band .
1	reasonably priced , great sound quality , sturdy mics .
1	the padded gig box is an added plus !
1	great for travel and mobility .
1	for the price these mics ar amazing .
1	work so incredibly well and just ant recommend them enough .
1	almost as good as my shure sm-58s .
1	hot signal , good windscreen , great clarity , fat bottom .
1	great mics for the money .
1	and the price makes them a great bargain .
1	this thing works like a dream .
1	appear to be well made , great price .
1	very good item for very good price .
1	it worked as i expected it to and felt like a fair value .
1	fair price and good product .
1	not much to say about these simple items except they look and work good .
1	time will tell if they stand up to hard use .
1	cable arrived on time and well packaged .
1	it did its job and did it well .
1	actually i could say great -especially if you consider price .
1	this is used to input my cell pnone-mp3-player into a pa system .
1	i use it for live sound nest '57s and '58s .
1	a great vocal mic .
1	loved everything about these mics except they do n't have an on/off switch .
1	that is why i did n't give it 5 stars .
1	if that is not important to you ... they are perfect ! !
1	does not pick up exterior feedback .
1	good value for money - sounds pretty good
1	the mics are medium-low quality sound and for the price , real good .
1	work well ... sound great for the price
1	liked them so much for the price that i have purchased another set .
1	remember , not hi end , but very efficient
1	was far better than i thought it would be .
1	clear crisp sound that is very close to my expensive mics .
1	really great variety at a reasonable price .
1	i was unable to find the exact item i needed locally .
1	the perfect connection without adapters .
1	was shipped very quickly .
1	the cable is solid and i have n't had any problems with it yet .
1	overall great product for a great price with great quality .
1	i have not recorded any hiss , distortion , glitching , clipping , etc .
1	caused by the cable .
1	works well and handles repeated inserting and removing .
1	this cable works perfectly so far .
1	i would have no problem recommending it to anyone .
1	price is good too and was shipped promptly
1	played several gigs with it .
1	seems to be pretty reliable comparing to other units on amazon .
1	great product thanks ! !
1	werkz fine with my eos c100 dual xlr input : )
1	good quality and good durability .
1	no complaints and very satisfied with performance .
1	the connection sticks very well .
1	no worry about loosing out ! !
1	this did exactly what i needed .
1	i have a focusrite 2 channel digital interface that records mono on each channel .
1	i use this to get a stereo recording using both channels on one track .
1	nice item , thanks .
1	work okay for my small amateur group
1	can miss at this price its awsome
1	this mic is fantastic .
1	i purchased these on an impulse because of the great reviews .
1	i use shure , audix , mxl and tc mics .
1	the tonal quality is up to par also .
1	leave the expensive stuff at home .
1	stock up on these for live gigs and open mic nights .
1	tight pattern , but no feedback
1	great addition to the band ... for back up equipment .
1	good quality and love the fact that they were packed in the case .
1	they are clear and easy to set up .
1	thanks for a great product and a great deal .
1	only had a couple weeks but have worked great .
1	we bought this for our church .
1	mica are nice but the case is just a hard plastic .
1	bought these for my first big audio upgrade for my podcast .
1	gets the job done .
1	an immediate project and low budget..so i got these .
1	thank you arrived safely packed !
1	nice set of beginners mics !
1	ca n't beat that !
1	they are also very durable as i move those cables around frequently .
1	love it and would buy more !
1	transfers the signal perfectly .
1	yep , that 's about it .
1	i also use the cybersync transmitter and receivers .
1	for guest to write whatever they want .
1	( also another reason to have an assistant ) .
1	also that 's why i needed the ac power cord for my camera .
1	the ipad is also plugged into power .
1	hope this helps someone else setup an awesome photo booth as well !
1	arrived on time and was a lot cheaper than most other cables .
1	i cant tell any difference from the others
1	well built sturdy cable .
1	i 've had no trouble with this .
1	i have several similar hosa cables that all work well .
1	rack mount patch unit would be better .
1	much better than trying to make my own adapters .
1	great buy , no problems , would recommend .
1	used to split the signal of the wireless microphone to my two speakers .
1	( mobile dj application )
1	works fine for me when i need it .
1	does exactly what it was purchased for !
1	like the padded case , and the sound quality is great !
1	packed in nice case .
1	used them live with my carvin pa. they performed well in an outside setting .
1	have no issues with them yet .
1	i use them primarily for recording insturments , not for vocals or live performances .
1	i would recommend for any small church , school , or hall .
1	they have that pro look to them withy the pro price .
1	on the negative side they pick up everything .
1	all in all they sound good
1	i love the dynamics of these mics .
1	i guess we 'll have to see how long they last , lol !
1	but they are a great product for the price .
1	i would buy them again in a heart beat .
1	for the price , the sound is great .
1	weird i know but it happened .
1	anyway the stereo cable cleared it right up .
1	that cable was the one i needed and i 'm very happy with it .
1	i recomend it to everybody because is a very good quality .
1	great quality and great performance .
1	i use it from my amplifier to my digital recorder .
1	no static is picked up at all .
1	works fine just like pretty much all hosa products .
1	i like the rubber cable casing as well .
1	definitely proof that hosa products rule .
1	you never know when you buy cheaper cables online .
1	this particular cable is solidly built .
1	exactly as advertised and it works .
1	a hard item to find when you need it , but you had it .
1	i 've had no problems yet .
1	after all , what can i say ?
1	: - ) so , i 'm pleased .
1	great mics for a low cost .
1	after a thorough research , i settled on this great deal .
1	they come in neat case to boot .
1	for the price , you get 3 incredibly decent microphones with clips and case .
1	pair with some cheap foam covers and you ca n't go wrong .
1	i recommend these to anyone with any type of budget , high or low .
1	just started using the mics .
1	so far so good .
1	they arrived on time and are easy to set up .
1	i will provide additional feed back as they are used more .
1	very good quality and exactly what i needed .
1	this splitter is perfect !
1	good gear for recording , arrived on time
1	very short but performs well
1	it does what i need , and it was very reasonably priced .
1	this adapter helped me to output my dj software straight to a powered speaker .
1	i usually buy gold plated connectors but did n't see this type in gold .
1	it has good shielding .
1	you cant run any effects with out some sort of pre amp .
1	if you use it clean there is no delay on this through pc speakers .
1	there are cables out there with nicer insulation and better `` feel '' though .
1	used this for my home pc karaoke uhf wireless microphone set .
1	the cable met all of my needs .
1	the cable does the job for which it was purchased .
1	the quality of the materials seems to be good , too .
1	what can i say ?
1	it 's a cable .
1	it appeared as-if it had been removed already and re-inserted .
1	this is exactly what i needed to make a connection between two audio devices .
1	the cable works well and i am pleased with the purchase .
1	the cable works very well in this application .
1	it is light and flexible with no distortion noted .
1	very good condition , great price .
1	this was a great value and i would definitely get this kit again .
1	these mics are great for podcasting .
1	good product -- fast service
1	very satisfied with this product and vendor , highly recommend
1	just what the doctor ordered .
1	very good , quality mics !
1	thanks , i will be back .
1	this product does exactly what you would expect and need it to do .
1	it comes in handy quite frequently .
1	i always keep it in my camera bag .
1	works great , i can now record in stereo with one mic .
1	very well put together with rubber covers .
1	i would recommend this product to others
1	this dual splitter works perfect .
1	i own a live event video company and i shoot a lot of weddings .
1	the most important part of video is the audio .
1	i always say , half of video is audio .
1	this product has improved my productions beyond it 's price sold .
1	they work perfectly and have n't failed me once .
1	delivery was as promised , all in all an excellent experience , thank you .
1	used this at several events already and no problems at all .
1	this is such an awesome and really great product !
1	definitely worth it to give it a try .
1	i 'd purchase again .
1	they do what they need to , they feel sturdy and have no noise .
1	i would buy them again if i needed to .
1	this works so great .
1	it really does work great .
1	my dad likes these pack
1	this mic saved my life .
1	not the best microphones , but great for the price .
1	i am a dj and do karaoke shows as a business .
1	i bought these to give them a try .
1	the carry case is very nice .
1	they seem solid enough , they have weight to them .
1	i do n't think they are very sensitive though .
1	the sound quality is good enough .
1	these mics have made great live recording for the bands that i manage .
1	sounds decent for home jams with garage type band good enough .
1	better than what you pay for but no 900 dollar mics .
1	bought these expecting them to sound bad and thye ended up sounding pretty great .
1	very happy i decided to buy this
1	this cable worked very well for what i wanted to do .
1	what else is there to say .
1	i use it to connect my drums to my amp .
1	as always , hosa is a good value .
1	this cable connected my laptop to my direct box .
1	item was sent promptly and as described .
1	just what i needed .
1	no shorts , no static , just like it 's supposed to do .
1	bottom line , i would recommend this product for its value .
1	works like it should .
1	used for running ipad to a mixer for live music .
1	i highly recommend hosa cables .
1	i bought this cable and now i have clean clear sound .
1	very happy with the quality of this product .
1	what i love is the price and value .
1	in other words , they are inexpensive , but not cheap .
1	you can also use these to mic amps .
1	the case will maintain mics in good condition for time to come .
1	2. noisy venues - such as small bars .
1	but was great for vocals .
1	i would recommend it for any pa .
1	the samson r21 microphone kit has met all the needs and expectations as expected .
1	the low price was even better .
1	this was an awesome deal .
1	i rated this product five stars !
1	hosa has some good stuff out there for a great price .
1	this worked great and the price is right .
1	this product is awesome the quality is great also !
1	and for the money perfect !
1	hooked them up into my mixer and the sound was great !
1	this is the perfect solution to that .
1	split the signal so it goes to both channels .
1	it comes in handy when i need l & r channels for one mic .
1	it 's in my beg just in case .
1	i rarely use it .
1	what i liked about this cable is the way the cable moves and feels .
1	simple yes , chincy no .
1	works well and seems well put together .
1	the price is great , the quality is great !
1	simple cord for plugging in small units into our board .
1	so far no problems .
1	this review will be short and to the point .
1	my headphones came with a short 4 ' cable and only a mini-plug .
1	i needed a long cable with a 1/4 '' plug .
1	i had patched together an extension cable with a 1/4 '' plug adapter .
1	while it worked , it was not the ideal solution .
1	enter the hosa cms110 .
1	it was exactly what i needed .
1	my stock cable was very thin .
1	i was also suffering signal loss due to the extension cable and adapter plug .
1	the improvement was more than i expected .
1	the hosa cms110 is a highly recommended accessory .
1	this cable was what i needed for a project and available via amazon prime .
1	works as described by transferring sound from your ipod to the stereo system .
1	great value , too !
1	this is a good cable .
1	the ends can screw off .
1	good for sp/dif digital audio .
1	the cable is a very good one .
1	for the price you get a big deal .
1	some know what they want but have no idea how to make it work .
1	so , yeah , it does what i need it to do .
1	this is not a bells-and-whistles piece of equipment .
1	it does its job as expected .
1	i took off a star due to the somewhat flimsy construction .
1	not as thick as a monoprice cable ( those are heavy duty ) .
1	great for the $ !
1	the quality is fine and it does what it 's supposed to do .
1	good price for a good product .
1	works fine for splitting off of a single xlr input/output .
1	otherwise , no problems .
1	we have not yet used the dual xlr male cable .
1	we have it when we need it to extend our cables with more hookups .
1	great price versus function point .
1	easy to connect digital services within my studio .
1	perfect quality , buy it .
1	heavy and strong cable , sound comes perfect .
1	excellent quality cable from hosa .
1	as mentioned in another review this cable fits very tightly .
1	these cables are user serviceable .
1	they simply unscrew so you can re-soldier breaks quickly .
1	over-all good cable , but be careful .
1	you can easily damage your gear when unplugging .
1	i would purchase again .
1	i highly recommend this product .
1	good spdif for the money .
1	this is my first spdif and so far its been great !
1	connection is tight and fits perfectly and feels like it 'll last for years .
1	this is a solid product .
1	i ended up not needing it so ... i returned it .
1	however , it worked fine and gets the job done .
1	the product was shipped timely and everything was as described and working as expected .
1	i would recommend this product and service to others .
1	perfect for recording in stereo directly into my audio sound card .
1	the audio driver picks it up perfectly .
1	a must have for anyone with a decent sound card for home recording sessions .
1	but it is a very good cable .
1	what can i say it does what it suppose to do .
1	as expected from hosa another great product .
1	solid construction and great sound reproduced .
1	i would recomed this product to everyone .
1	and , the price is right .
1	not a huge problem , especially since i purchased this adapter .
1	the quality is fine , especially given the price and the convenience is awesome .
1	good product great price .
1	no noticeable noise added to my ears .
1	they continue to work to this day .
1	they are built tough enough for moderate use and do the job for cheap .
1	these cables work , they 're cheap , and they sound fine .
1	as such , these seem good for musicians just playing for fun at home .
1	if you have a slew of pedals , then this is a must have .
1	i 've been looking for a set , and these are the perfect ones .
