start at the point where agamemnon , son of atreus , that king of men , quarreled with noble achilles .
which of the gods incited these two men to fight ? that god was apollo , son of zeus and leto .
for agamemnon had dishonoured the god 's priest , chryses , who 'd come to the ships to find his daughter , chryseis , bringing with him a huge ransom . in his hand he held up on a golden staff the scarf sacred to archer god apollo . he begged achaeans , above all the army 's leaders , the two sons of atreus :
menelaus , agamemnon , sons of atreus , all you well-armed achaeans , may the gods on olympus grant you wipe out priam 's city , and then return home safe and sound.release my dear child to me . take this ransom .
honour apollo , far-shooting son of zeus .
take the generous ransom . displeased , agamemnon dismissed chryses roughly : old man , do n't let me catch you by our hollow ships , sneaking back here today or later on .
who cares about apollo 's scarf and staff ? i 'll not release the girl to you , no , not beforeshe 's grown old with me in argos , far from home , working the loom , sharing my bed .
if you want to get home safely , do n't anger me .
the old man , afraid , obeyed his words , walked off in silence , along the shore by the tumbling , crashing surf.some distance off , he prayed to lord apollo , leto 's fair-haired child :
god with the silver bow , protector of chryse , sacred cilla , mighty lord of tenedos , sminthean apollo , hear my prayer : if i 've ever pleased you with a holy shrine , or burned bones for you— bulls and goats well wrapped in fat—grant me my prayer . force the danaansto pay full price for my tears with your arrows . so chryses prayed .
phoebus apollo heard him.he came down from olympus top enraged , carrying on his shoulders bow and covered quiver , his arrows rattling in anger against his arm . so the god swooped down , descending like the night.he sat some distance from the ships , shot off an arrow— the silver bow reverberating ominously .
first , the god massacred mules and swift-running dogs , then loosed sharp arrows in among the troops themselves .
for nine days apollo rained death down upon the troops.on the tenth , achilles summoned an assembly .
the meeting came to order.swift-footed achilles rose to speak : son of atreus , i fear we 're being beaten back , forced home , if we are n't all going to be destroyed right here , with war and plague killing off achaeans .
come now , let 's ask some prophet , priest , interpreter of dreams—for dreams , too , come from zeus—a man who might say why apollo is so angry , whether he faults our prayers and offerings , whether somehow he 'll welcome sacrificial smokefrom perfect lambs and goats , then rouse himself and release us from this plague .
then calchas , thestor 's son , stood up before them all , the most astute interpreter of birds , who understood present , future , past .
his skill in prophecy , apollo 's gift , had led achaean ships to troy.he addressed the troops , thinking of their common good :
achilles , friend of zeus , you ask me to explainapollo 's anger , the god who shoots from far . and i will speak .
but first you listen to me.swear an oath that you will freely help me in word and deed .
i think i may provoke someone who wields great power over argives , a man who is obeyed by everyone.an angry king overpowers lesser men .
will you protect me ?
in response to calchas , swift-footed achilles said :
state what your powers tell you .
by apollo , whom zeus loves , to whom you , calchas , pray in prophesy to the danaans , i swear this—while i live to look upon the light of day , no achaean will raise violent hands against you , no , not even if you name agamemnon , who claims he 's by far the best achaean .
encouraged , the wise prophet then declared :
apollo does not fault us for prayers or offerings , but for his priest , disgraced by agamemnon , who did not free his daughter and take ransom . that 's why the archer god has brought disaster , and will bring still more . he wo n't remove this wretched plague from the danaans , until we hand back bright-eyed chryseis , give her to her beloved father , freely , without ransom , and offer holy sacrifice at chryse .
if we will carry out all that , we may change apollo 's mind , appease him .
so he spoke and sat back down .
then , atreus ' son , wide-ruling , mighty agamemnon , stood up before them , incensed , spirit filled with huge black rage.eyes blazing fire , he rounded first on calchas :
prophet of evil , when have you ever saidgood things to me ?
you love to predict the worst , always the worst !
you never show good news .
now , in prophecy to the danaans , you say archer apollo brings us pain because i was unwilling to acceptfine ransom for chryses ' daughter , chryseis .
but i have a great desire to take her home.in fact , i want her more than clytaemnestra , the wife i married . chryseis is just as good in her shape , physique , intelligence , or work.still , i 'm prepared to give her back , if that 's best.i want the people safe , not all killed off.but then you 'll owe me another prize.i wo n't be the only argive left without a gift .
that would be entirely unfair to me . you all can see my spoils are going elsewhere .
at that point , swift-footed achilles answered the king :
noble son of atreus , most acquisitive of men , how can brave achaeans give you a prize now ?
there are none left for us to pass around .
we 've divided up what we allotted , loot from captured towns we devastated.for men to make a common pile againwould be most unfair .
send the girl back now , as the god demands .
should zeus ever grantwe pillage troy , a city rich in goods , we 'll give you three or four times as much .
achilles , you 're a fine man , like a god.but do n't conceal what 's in your heart.you 'll not trick me or win me with your words.you intend to keep your prizes for yourself , while the army takes my trophy from me .
that 's why you tell me to give chryseis back.let achaeans give me another prize , equal in value , something i 'll enjoy . if not , then i 'll take a prize myself by force , something from you or ajax or odysseus . the man i visit is going to be enraged .
but let 's postpone discussion of all this.let 's drag a black ship to the sacred sea ,
let 's have as leader some wise counselor—idomeneus , ajax , godlike odysseus , or you , peleus 's son , most eminent of all , so with a sacrifice we may appease the god who shoots from far away .
you insatiable creature , quite shameless.how can any achaean obey you willingly— join a raiding party or keep fightingwith full force against an enemy ? i did n't come to battle over herebecause of trojans .
i have no fight with them.they never stole my bulls or horsesor razed my crops in fertile phthia , where heroes grow .
but you , great shameless man , we came with you , to please you , to win honour from the trojans—for you , dog face , and for menelaus.you do n't consider this , do n't think at all .
you threaten now to confiscate the prizei worked so hard for , gift from achaea 's sons.when we achaeans loot some well-built trojan town , my prizes never match the ones you get.the major share of war 's fury rests on me .
but when we hand around the battle spoils , you get much larger trophies .
worn out in war , i reach my ships with something fine but small.so i 'll return home now to phthia.it 's far better to sail back in my curved ships.i do n't fancy staying here unvalued , to pile up riches , treasures just for you .
to that , agamemnon , king of men , shot back :
i 'll not beg you to stay on my account .
i have others around to honour me , especially all-wise zeus himself .
of all the kings zeus cherishes , it ’ s youi hate the most .
so what if you 're strong ? some god gave you that .
i do n't like you or care about your rage.but i 'll make this threat : i 'll take your prize , fair-cheeked briseis .
you 'll see just how much i 'm the better man.and others will hate to speak to me as peers , in public claiming full equality with me .
as agamemnon spoke , peleus ' son , achilles , was overwhelmed with anguish , heart torn two ways , debating in his shaggy chest what he should do : should he draw out the sharp sword on his thigh , incite the crowd , kill atreus ' son , or suppress his rage , control his fury ?
as he argued in his mind and heart , he slid his huge sword part way from its sheath.at that moment , athena came down from heaven .
white-armed hera sent her .
at once he recognized pallas athena , the dreadful glitter in her eyes .
achilles spoke—his words had wings .
child of aegis-bearing zeus , why have you come now ?
do you wish to see how overbearing agamemnon is ?
i 'll tell you where all this is going to lead— that arrogance will soon cost him his life .
white-armed hera sent me .
she loves you both alike , cares equally .
do n't draw your sword.fight him with words , so he becomes disgraced.for i say to you , and this will happen , because of agamemnon 's arrogance some day gifts three times greater than this girlwill be set down before you . swift-footed achilles answered athena :
goddess , men should follow your instructions , though angry in their hearts .
it 's better so .
obeying athena 's words , achilles relaxed his huge fist on the silver hiltand pushed the massive sword back in its scabbard . athena then returned to heaven , home of zeus , who bears the aegis , and the other gods .
achilles turned again on agamemnon , atreus ' son , with harsh abuse , his anger still unabated :
you drunken sot , dog-eyed , deer-timid coward , you 're never strong enough within yourself to arm for war alongside other comrades , or venture with achaea 's bravest on a raid.to you that smells too much like death .
you 'd much prefer to stroll around throughout the wide achaean army , to grab gifts from a man who speaks against you .
a king who gorges on his own people ! you lord it over worthless men .
son of atreus , this would be your last offence.i 'll tell you , swear a great oath on this point , by this sceptre , which will never sprout leaves and shoots again , since first ripped awayfrom its mountain stump , nor bloom any more , now that bronze has sliced off leaf and bark.this sceptre achaea 's sons take in hand whenever they do justice in zeus ' name.an oath on this has power .
on this i swear—the time will come when achaea 's sonsall miss achilles , a time when , in distress , you 'll lack my help , a time when hector , that man killer , destroys many warriors.then grief will tear your hearts apart , because you shamed achaea 's finest man .
so the son of peleus spoke , throwing to the ground the sceptre with the golden studs .
then he sat down , directly facing furious agamemnon .
sweeter than honey the words flowed from his tongue .
in his own lifetime two generations of mortal menhad come and passed away , all those born and raised with him so long ago in sacred pylos.now he ruled a third generation of his people .
alas , this is great sorrow for achaeans.priam and priam 's children will be glad , the hearts of other trojans swell with joy , should they find out about such quarreling , a fight between you two , among danaansthe very best for counsel or combat.but listen .
you are both younger men than i. and i 've been colleague of better men than you , men who never showed me any disrespect , men whose like i have not seen again , and never will—like peirithous , dryas ,
a shepherd to his people , caeneus , exadios , god-like polyphemus , theseus , son of aegeus , all god-like men—the mightiest earthborn men , the strongest.and the enemies they fought against were strong , the most powerful of mountain centaurs .
but they destroyed those creatures totally .
i fought on my own behalf , by myself.no man alive on earth could now fight them .
yet they heard me and followed my advice.so listen , both of you .
that 's what 's best now.agamemnon , you 're an excellent man , but do not take briseis from achilles.let that pass .
achaea 's sons gave her to him first .
and you , peleus ' son , do n't seek to fight the king , not as your enemy .
the sceptre-bearing king , whose powerful authority comes from zeus , never shares honours equally .
achilles , you may be stronger , since your mother was divine , but he 's more powerful , for he rules more men.but you , son of atreus , check your anger .
set aside , i urge you , your rage against achilles , who provides , in the middle of war 's evils , a powerful defence for all achaeans .
old man , everything you say is true enough.but this man wants to put the rest to shame , rule all of us , lord it over everyone .
but some , i think , will not obey him .
so what if the gods , who live forever , made him a spearman ?
is that some reason we should let him say such shameful things ?
i 'd be called a coward , a nobody , if i held back from any actionbecause of something you might say .
do n't tell mewhat i should do .
i 'll not obey you any more.but i will tell you this—remember it well— i 'll not raise my hand to fight about that girl , no , not against you or any other man . you achaeans gave her to me , and now , you seize her back again .
but you 'll not takeanother thing from my swift black ship—you 'll get nothing else with my consent.if you 'd like to see what happens , just try .
then they stood up , dissolving the assembly by the ships.peleus 's son went back to his well-balanced ships and huts , along with patroclus , menoetius ' son , and friends .
agamemnon dragged a swift ship down the shore , chose twenty sailors , loaded on the oxen , offerings for the god , and led on fair-cheeked chryseis.shrewd odysseus shipped on as leader .
they then made sacrificial offerings to apollo— hundreds of perfect bulls and goats—beside the restless sea.savory smells curled up amid the smoke high into heaven .
the men thus occupied , agamemnon did not forget the challenge he 'd made earlier to achilles . he called his heralds , talthybius and eurybates : go to achilles ' tent , peleus 's son , take fair-complexioned briseis by the hand .
bring her to me .
if he wo n't surrender her ,
i 'll come myself in force and take her.for him that will be a worse disaster . with these firm orders , he dismissed the men , who moved off , heavy hearted , along the shore of the restless sea.they reached the huts and ships of the myrmidons.there they found achilles seated by his hut and his black ship . as he saw them approach , achilles felt no joy .
the two heralds , afraid , just stood in silence , out of deference to the king.in his heart achilles sensed their purpose .
he called them .
cheer up , heralds , messengers for gods and men .
i do n't blame you , but agamemnon .
he sends you both here for the girl briseis.come , patroclus , born from zeus , fetch the girl .
give her to these two to take away.let them both witness , before blessed gods , mortal men , and that unfeeling king , if ever there 's a need for me again to defend others from a shameful death.that man 's wits are foolish , disastrously so—he 's not thinking about past or future , how achaeans may fight safely by their ships .
he led out fair-cheeked briseis from the hutand gave her up to be led off . the heralds went back , returning to achaean ships , briseis with them , but against her will . achilles then , in tears , withdrew from his companions , sat by the shore , staring at the wide gray seas .
stretching out his hands , he cried aloud , praying repeatedly to thetis , his beloved mother .
mother , since you gave me life—if only for a while—olympian zeus ,
but he does n't grant me even slight respect .
for wide-ruling agamemnon , atreus ' son , has shamed me , has taken away my prize , appropriated it for his own use .
as he said this , he wept .
his noble mother heard him from deep within the sea , where she sat by her old father . quickly she rose up , moving above gray waters , like an ocean mist , and settled down before him , as he wept.she stroked him , then said : my child , why these tears ?
what sorrows weigh down your heart ?
tell me , so we 'll both know.do n't hide from me what 's on your mind .
with a deep groan , swift-footed achilles then replied .
why should i tell you what you know ?
we came to thebe , eëtion 's sacred city , sacked it , taking everything the city had.achaea 's sons apportioned it all fairlyamongst themselves .
then chryses arrivedat the swift ships of bronze-armed achaeans.archer god apollo 's priest sought out his daughter . he brought with him an enormous ransom , carried in his hands the sacred golden staffwith the shawl of archer god apollo.he begged achaeans , above all atreus ' two sons , the people 's leaders . all achaeans called on themto respect the priest , accept the splendid ransom .
but that did n't please agamemnon in his heart .
he sent him roughly off with harsh abusive ordersthe old man went away again , enraged .
one by one , as the god rained arrows downthroughout the wide achaean army.the prophet calchas , understanding all , told us apollo 's will .
at once i was the firstto recommend we all appease the god.but anger got control of agamemnon.he stood up on the spot and made that threat which he 's just carried out.so quick-eyed achaeans are sending chryseis in fast ships back to chryse , transporting gifts for lord apollo , and heralds cameto take away briseis from my huts , the girl who is my gift from achaea 's sons.so now , if you can , protect your son.go to mount olympus , implore zeus , if ever you in word or deed have pleased him.for often i have heard you boast in father 's housethat you alone of all the deathless gods saved zeus of the dark clouds from disgraceful ruin , when other olympians came to tie him up , hera , pallas athena , and poseidon .
but you , goddess , came and set him free , by quickly calling up to high olympus that hundred-handed monster gods call briareos , and men all name aigaion , a creaturewhose strength was greater than his father's.he sat down beside the son of cronos , exulting in his glory.the sacred gods , afraid , stopped tying up zeus.so sit down right by zeus , clasp his knee , remind him of all that , so he 'll want to help the trojans somehow , corner achaeans by the sea , by their ships ' prows , have them destroyed , so they all enjoy their king , so the son of atreus , wide-ruling agamemnon , himself may see his foolishness , dishonouringachilles , the best of the achaeans .
thetis , shedding tears , answered her son , achilles :
since i brought you up to so much pain ?
would you were safely by your ships dry-eyed.your life is fated to be short—you 'll not live long.now , faced with a quick doom , you 're in distress , more so than any other man .
but i 'll tell these things to thunder-loving zeus .
i 'll go myself to snow-topped mount olympus , to see if he will undertake all this.meanwhile , you should sit by your swift ships , angry at achaeans .
take no part in war .
for yesterday zeus went to oceanus , to banquet with the worthy ethiopians .
in twelve days , when he returns and comes home to olympus , i 'll go to zeus ' bronze-floored house , clasp his knee.i think i 'll get him to consent .
thetis spoke.then she went away , leaving achilles there , angry at heart for lovely girdled briseis , taken from him by force against his will .
odysseus sailed to chryse , bringing with him the sacrificial animals as sacred offerings .
when they had sailed into deep anchorage , they took in the sails and stowed them in the ship .
they threw out anchor stones , lashed stern cables , and clambered out into the ocean surf.they brought off the offerings to archer god apollo .
then chryseis disembarked from the ocean ship.resourceful odysseus led her to the altar , placed her in her beloved father 's hands , then said :
chryses , i have been sent by agamemnon , ruler of men , to bring your daughter to you , and then , on behalf of the danaans ,
to make an offering to lord apollo—all these sacrificial beasts—to placate the god , who now inflicts such dismal evil on us .
chryses gave his daughter a joyful welcome back.and then around the well-built altar , they arrangedthe splendid sacrifice . they washed their hands , and picked up the barley grain for sprinkling .
hear me , god of the silver bow , protectorof chryse , mighty lord of holy cilla , sacred tenedos .
you heard me earlier , when i prayed to you .
just as you honoured me , striking hard against achaeans then , so now , grant me what i pray for—remove disaster , this wretched evil , from the danaans .
so chryses spoke . phoebus apollo heard him .
once they had prayed and scattered barley grain , they pulled back the heads of sacrificial beasts , slit their throats , flayed them , sliced the thigh bones out , and hid them in twin layers of fat , with raw meat on top .
old chryses burned them on split wood , poured wine on them.young men beside him held out five-pronged forks.once the thighs were well burned , they sampled entrails , then sliced up all the rest , skewered the meat on spits , roasted it carefully , and drew off every piece.that work complete , they then prepared a meal and ate.no heart was left unsatisfied .
all feasted equally.and when the men had had their fill of food and drink , young boys filled the mixing bowl with wine up to the brim , and served it , pouring libations into every cup.then all day long young achaean lads played music , singing to the god a lovely hymn of praise , honouring in dance and song the god who shoots from far . hearing them , apollo felt joy fill his heart .
at sunset , as dusk came on , by the ship 's stern they went to sleep .
but when early born , rose-fingered dawn appeared , they set off , once more back to the wide achaean camp.far-shooting apollo sent them favourable winds .
they raised the mast and then the sails . the wind blew , filling out the body of the sail—on both sides of the prow the purple waves hissed loudly as the ship sped on its way , its motion carving a path through the ocean swell.when they reached the broad achaean army , they hauled the black ship high up on the sand , pushed long props tight beneath it , then dispersed , each man returning to his own huts and ships . meanwhile , achilles , divinely born son of peleus , sat down in anger alongside his swift ships .
not once did he attend assembly where men win glory or go out to fight . but he pined away at heart , remaining idle by his ships , yearning for the hue and cry and clash of battle .
twelve days later , the company of gods came back together to olympus , with zeus in the lead.thetis did not forget the promise to her son.she rose up through the ocean waves at daybreak , then moved high up to great olympus . she found zeus , wide-seeing son of cronos , some distance from the rest , seated on the highest peak of many-ridged olympus .
she sat down right in front of him .
with her left hand , she clutched his knees , with her right she cupped his chin , in supplication to lord zeus , son of cronos : father zeus , if , among the deathless gods , i 've ever served you well in word or deed , then grant my prayer will be fulfilled.bring honour to my son , who , of all men will be fate 's quickest victim .
for just now , agamemnon , king of men , has shamed him.he seized his prize , robbing him in person , and kept it for himself .
but honour him , zeus , all-wise olympian .
give the trojans
the upper hand , until achaeans respect my son , until they multiply his honours .
cloud gatherer zeus did not respond.he sat a long time silent .
thetis held his knees , clinging close , repeating her request once more :
promise me truly , nod your head , or deny me—since there 's nothing here for you to fear—so i 'll clearly see how among all godsi enjoy the least respect .
she provokes me so with her abuse . even now , in the assembly of immortal gods , she 's always insulting me , accusing me of favouring the trojans in the war . but go away for now , in case hera catches on .
i 'll take care of this , make sure it comes to pass .
come , to convince you , i 'll nod my head .
among gods that 's the strongest pledge i make .
once i nod my assent , nothing i saycan be revoked , denied , or unfulfilled .
the divine hair on the king of gods fell forward , down over his immortal head , shaking olympus to its very base .
the conference over , the two parted.thetis plunged from bright olympus back into the sea . zeus went inside his house . their father present , all the gods at once stood up from their seats.no one dared stay put as he came in—all rose together.zeus seated himself upon his throne .
looking at him , hera sensed he 'd made some deal with thetis , silver-footed daughter of the old man of the sea . at once she spoke up accusingly :
you always love to work on things in secret , without involving me .
you never want to tell me openly what you intend .
the father of gods and men replied : hera , do n't hope to understand my every plan .
even for my own wife that 's dangerous.what 's appropriate for you to hear about , no one , god or man , will know before you.but when i wish to hide my thoughts from gods , do n't you go digging after them , or pestering me for every detail .
most dread son of cronos , what are you saying ? i have not been overzealous before now , in questioning you or seeking answers .
surely you 're quite at liberty to plananything you wish .
but now , in my mind , i 've got this dreadful fear that thetis , silver-footed daughter of the old man of the sea , has won you over , for this morning early , she sat down beside you , held your knees .
i think you surely nodded your agreement to honour achilles , killing many soldiers , slaughtering them by the achaean ships .
but you ca n't do anything about it , except push yourself still further from my heart , making matters so much worse for you . if things are as they are , then that 's the way i want them .
so sit down quietly.do as i say .
if not , then all the godshere on olympus wo n't be any help , when i reach out to set my hands on you , for they 're invincible .
ox-eyed queen hera sat down , in fear , silently suppressing what her heart desired .
in zeus ' home the olympian gods began to quarrel.then that famous artisan , hephaestus , concernedabout his mother , white-armed hera , spoke to them :
a troublesome matter this will prove—unendurable—if you two start fightingover mortal men like this , inciting gods to quarrel.if we start bickering , we ca n't enjoy the meal , our excellent banquet .
so i 'm urging mother , though she 's more than willing , to humour zeus , our dear father , so he wo n't get angry once again , disturb the feast for us .
for if zeus , the olympian lord of lightning , was of a mind to hurl us from our seats , his strength 's too great.but if you talk to him with soothing words , at once olympian zeus will treat us well .
hephaestus spoke , then stood up , passed a double gobletacross to his dear mother , saying :
stay calm , mother , even though you are upset .
if not , then , as beloved as you are , i may see you beaten up before my eyes , with me incapable of helping out , though the sight would make me most unhappy .
it 's hard to take a stand opposing zeus .
once , when i was eager to assist you , zeus seized me by the feet and threw me out , down from heaven 's heights .
the entire day
as he spoke , the white-armed goddess hera smiled .
he poured the drink , going from right to left , for all the other gods , drawing off sweet nectar from the mixing bowl.then their laughter broke out irrepressibly , as the sacred gods saw hephaestus bustling around , concerned about the feast . all that day they dined , until sunset .
no one 's heart went unsatisfied.all feasted equally .
when the sun 's bright light had set , the gods all went to their own homes . hephaestus , the famous lame god , with his resourceful skill , had made each god a place to live .
olympian zeus , god of lightning , went home to his own bed , where he usually reclined whenever sweet sleepcame over him . he went inside and lay down there , with hera of the golden throne stretched out beside him . gods and warriors slept through the entire night .
but sweet sleep did not visit zeus , tossing and turning over in his mind some way to honour achilles , by slaughtering many soldiers by the achaean ships.in zeus ' heart the best idea seemed to beto send out a wicked dream to agamemnon.calling the dream , zeus said these winged words to him :
evil dream , fly quickly to achaea 's men , by their swift ships .
bid him quickly arm long-haired achaean troops , for now they 'll capture troy , city of wide streets .
immortal gods who dwell on mount olympus no longer disagree about all this . hera 's entreaties have persuaded them . trojans can expect more sorrows , more disasters .
with these instructions , dream set off , quickly reaching achaea 's fast ships and atreus 's son .
he found agamemnon resting in his hut , wrapped up in the sweet divinity of sleep .
dream stood above his head , looking just like nestor , son of neleus , of all the more senior men the one agamemnon held in special honour.in that shape , divine dream spoke to agamemnon :
you are sleeping , son of fiery atreus , tamer of horses . but a prudent man , one to whom people have given their trust , who has so many things to think about , should n't sleep all night . so pay attention .
hear what i have to say . i come to you as zeus ' messenger , with his orders.he 's far off , but pities and cares for you.he bids you quickly arm long-haired achaeans , for now you can take troy , city of wide streets . the immortal gods who dwell on mount olympusno longer disagree about all this .
hera 's entreaties have persuaded them .
trojans can expect from zeus more sorrows , more disasters .
remember what i 've said .
do n't let forgetfulness seize your mind , when honey sleep has loosed his sweet grip on you .
this said , dream went off , leaving the king imagining things which would not come to pass .
he thought he 'd take troy , priam 's city , that very day .
he had no clue of what zeus really meant , his plan to load on them , trojans and danaans both , still more suffering , more cries of sorrow , through war 's brutality .
agamemnon roused himself from sleep , the divine voiceall round him still .
he laced up lovely sandals over his sleek feet and slung a silver-studded sword around both shoulders.he took with him the royal staff of his ancestors , eternal and imperishable .
when goddess dawn rose high up on olympus , bringing light to zeus and the immortals , agamemnon bid the loud-voiced heralds summonall the long-haired achaeans to assembly.such a call went out .
of all his great-hearted senior counselors.they met by nestor 's ships , king born on pylos .
to the assembled group agamemnon then sketched out a plan he had conceived—a devious one .
my friends , listen .
a divine dream has just come to me , through the sacred night , as i lay asleep , in form , size , and voice just like worthy nestor .
he stood above my head and spoke these words : 'you are sleeping , son of fiery atreus , tamer of horses .
but a prudent man , one to whom people have given their trust , who has so many things to think about , should n't sleep all night .
so pay attention.hear what i have to say .
i come to youas zeus ' messenger , with his orders.he 's far off , but pities and cares for you.he bids you quickly arm long-haired achaeans , for now you can take troy , city of wide streets .
immortal gods who dwell on mount olympus no longer disagree about all this .
remember what i 've said .
with that , dream flew off , sweet sleep released me .
come , then , let 's get long-haired achaeans somehow armed for battle .
but first , it 's only right i test the men , ordering them to go home in their ships with many oars .
you hold them back with your commands , each one working from his own position .
nestor stood up before them , king of sandy pylos.with a wise sense of their common cause , he addressed them :
my friends , chiefs and leaders of the argives , if any other achaean had told us such a dream ,
we would declare it quite false , dismiss it .
but now the man who has a claim to be the greatest of achaeans has witnessed it .
so nestor spoke .
then he began to make his way back , leaving the council meeting .
troops came streaming out to them.just as dense clouds of bees pour out in endless swarmsfrom hollow rocks , in clusters flying to spring flowers , charging off in all directions , so from ships and huts the many clans rushed out to meet , group after group.among the troops rumour blazed , zeus ' messenger , igniting them .
nine heralds shouted out instructions , attempting to control the noise , so men could hear their leaders , god 's chosen ones .
the noise subsided.king agamemnon stood up , hands gripping his staff , one fashioned by hephaestus ' careful craftsmanship .
that god had given it to lord zeus , son of cronos .
later zeus had presented it to hermes , the guide , killer of argus.hermes , in his turn , gave it to king pelops , the chariot racer , who passed the staff to atreus , the people 's leader .
thyestes , in his turn , passed it onto agamemnon , who held itas ruler of all argos and many islands.with this staff as his support , agamemnon spoke :
you danaan warriors , comrades , companions of ares , god of war , zeus , son of cronos , has entangled mein some really serious foolishness .
he promised me , he agreed—i 'd have devastated well-built troybefore going home .
now he plans a cruel trick , tells me to return to argos dishonoured , after i 've lost so many warriors .
this is apparently what high zeus desires , he who has smashed so many city heights , and will destroy still more , such is his power , the greatest power of all .
this is a great disgrace , which people will learn about in years to come—how an achaean force of such quality and size vainly sailed off to fight a lesser force , and failed to get what they set out to take.for if we achaeans and the trojans wished , in good faith , to draw up a treaty , to tally up the numbers on both sides , with trojans counting each inhabitant of troy , and if we achaeans set ourselves in groups of ten , then chose , for every group , a trojan manto pour our wine , then of our groups of tenmany would lack a man to act as steward.that , i tell you , indicates just how muchachaea ’ s sons outnumber trojans , those who live in troy .
but all their allies , warrior spearmen from many cities , are a huge problem for me .
they thwart my wishto smash down those sturdy walls of troy.nine of great zeus ' years have rolled on past .
back home our wives and children wait for us .
so come , let 's all agree to what i say .
let 's go back to our own dear country in our ships .
for we 'll not capture troy with its broad streets .
so agamemnon spoke .
among the soldiers , all those with no idea of what he 'd planned , men 's feelings quickened .
when east wind and south wind rush down together from father zeus ' clouds to whip up the sea , the whole assembly rippled , like a large grain field , undulating under the fury of the storm , as west wind roars in with force , all ears of corn ducking down under the power of the gusts— that ’ s how the shouting men stampeded to their ships.from underneath their feet a dust cloud rose .
they yelled orders to each other to grab the ships , drag them to the sacred sea , clear out channels for launching boats , knock out props from underneath , frantic to get home .
at that point , the argives might well have gone back— contravening what fate had proposed for them—if hera had not spoken to athena :
alas , unconquerable child of zeus , who bears the aegis , the argives will flee , go back home to their dear native land , cross the wide sea , abandoning helen , an argive woman , leaving in triumphpriam and his trojans .
so now , come on , go down to the bronze-clad achaean troops , use your persuasive power to stop the menhauling their curved ships down into the sea .
so hera spoke .
bright-eyed goddess athena obeyed.she sped off , raced down from mount olympus ' crest , quickly reached achaea 's swift ships , rushing to the spotodysseus , a man as wise as zeus , was standing .
he 'd laid no hand on his fast , black , well-decked ship .
odysseus , divinely bred , laertes ’ resourceful son , so you are going to fly back home ,
sail off to your own dear country.you 'll leap into your ships with many oars , and leave in triumph priam and the trojans , abandoning argive helen , for whose sakeso many achaeans have died here in troy , far from the homes they love .
do n't hesitate .
persuade each man to stop dragging the curved ships down into the sea .
then he ran , shrugging off his cloak— eurybates , the herald , later picked it up , a man from ithaca , aide to odysseus .
odysseus went straight to agamemnon , atreus ' son , took from him his imperishable ancestral staff .
when he came across some king or prominent leader , he 'd confront him , telling him to hold his ground :
friend , it 's not suitable for you to panic , as if you 're worthless .
take your seat instead.get other soldiers to remain in place.you 've no clear sense of agamemnon 's plan.right now he 's testing all the army.soon enough he 'll punish achaea 's sons .
did n't we all hear what he said in council ? in his rage he may harm achaean troops—passions run high in kings whom zeus supports.their honour comes from zeus the counselor , who loves them .
by contrast , when odysseus came across some common soldier yelling out , he 'd beat him with the staff , admonishing him :
listen to what others say , your betters , you puny coward , useless in war or council .
achaeans ca n't all rule here as kings .
no good comes from having many leaders.let there be one in charge , one ruler , who receives from crooked-minded cronossceptre and laws , so he may rule his people .
odysseus moved throughout the army , calming things .
from ships and huts , soldiers rushed to reassemble , echoing like waves of the roaring sea crashing on shore , as ocean thunders on .
men sat calmly in their places.but a single man kept on yelling out abuse— scurrilous thersites , expert in various insults , vulgar terms for inappropriate attacks on kings , whatever he thought would make the argives laugh .
of all the men who came to troy , he was the ugliest— bow legged , one crippled foot , rounded shoulderscurving in toward his chest .
achilles hated him , as did odysseus , too , both subject to his taunts .
the achaeans , despising thersites in their hearts , were furious at him .
but he kept shouting out , aiming noisy insults right at agamemnon :
son of atreus , what 's your problem now ? what do you lack ?
your huts are stuffed with bronze , plenty of choice women , too—all presentswe achaeans give you as our leader , whenever we ransack some city.or are you in need of still more gold , a ransom fetched by some horse-taming trojan for his son tied up and delivered hereby me or by some other achaean ? or do you want a young girl to stash away , so you ’ re the only one who gets to screw her ?
it 's just not fair that you , our leader , have botched things up so badly for us , achaea 's sons .
let 's sail home in our ships , leave this man , our king , in troy here to enjoy his loot.that way he might come to recognizewhether or not we 're of some use to him .
now agamemnon has even shamed achilles , a much finer warrior than himself , stealing a prize , keeping it for his own use .
then there 's achilles , no heart 's anger there , who lets it all just happen .
if he did n't , this bullying of yours , son of atreus , would be your last .
thersites yelled out these insults right at agamemnon , the people 's shepherd , abusing him .
you 're a champion talker.but do n't try to have it out with kings , all by yourself .
let me tell you something—of all those who came to troy with atreus ' sons , you 're the most disgraceful .
no more words from you abusing our kings , seeking to sneak back home .
how this war will end , we 've no idea—whether achaea 's sonswill go back home successful or will fail.you sit here , railing at agamemnon , atreus ' son , leader of his people , because danaan heroes have given himso many gifts—but that 's a cheap insult.so i 'll tell you how things are going to be.if i find you being so foolish any more , then let odysseus ' head no longer stayupon his shoulders , let him no longerbe called the father of telemachus , if i do n't grab you , rip off all your clothes , cloak and tunic , down to your cock and balls , and beat you back to the fast ships in tears ,
saying this , odysseus lashed out with the sceptre , hitting thersites hard across his back and shoulders .
he doubled up in pain , shedding many tears .
in the middle of thersites ' back sprang up bloody welts beneath the golden sceptre .
he sat down , afraid and hurt , peering around , like an idiot , and rubbing away his tears .
comrades , before now odysseus has done good things , thinking up fine plans and leading us in war .
but that 's the best thing he 's done by farto help the argives , shutting up that rabble-rouser.thersites ' bold spirit wo n't urge him onto trash our kings again with his abuse .
then odysseus , destroyer of cities , rose up , grasping the sceptre.at his side , bright-eyed athena , looking like a herald , silenced troops , so achaeans close by and far awaycould hear him and follow his advice .
odysseus , bearing in mind their common good , spoke out :
son of atreus , now the achaeans wish to disgrace you , their king , shame you before all mortal men .
they 're refusing now to keep their promise , the one they all swore to while sailing here , still on their way from horse-breeding argos , that oath that they 'd return after we 'd destroyedtroy 's strong walls .
like widows or small children , they ’ re whining to each other to go home .
but going back demoralized is bad.a man who spends one month aboard his ship , away from his wife , becomes downhearted
this is now the ninth revolving year we 've been waiting here , on this very spot .
so i do n't think that badly of achaeansin their frustration here by their curved ships.still , it 's shameful to go home with nothing .
my friends , be patient , give us all more time , until calchas ' prophecy comes true or not.we all have kept in mind what he foretold.you all are witnesses , the ones whom fate has not yet visited to carry off in death.not long ago , when our achaean shipsgathered at aulis , bringing disasterfor priam and his trojans , we sacrificed on holy altars placed around a spring hundreds of perfect creatures to the gods , the immortals—underneath that tree , a lovely plane tree , where bright water flowed .
and then a great omen appeared , a snake , blood-red along its back , a dreadful sight , a thing sent out by zeus into the daylight.out from under the altar that snake slithered , darting for the plane tree , where there laytiny , new-born sparrows , eight fledglings , huddled under foliage at the very top .
the serpent ate the infants , who screamed with fear.the mother fluttered around here and there , lamenting her dear chicks .
once the beast had gobbled up the sparrow and her chicks , the god who 'd made the snake appeardid something to it there for all to see.crooked cronos ' son changed that snake to stone ! we stood there astounded at what we 'd seen— a horror desecrating the gods ' sacrifice .
calchas at once spoke out in prophecy : 'long-haired achaeans , why stand there so mute ? counselor zeus has made manifest to us
the ships on all sides resounded ominously , as achaeans roared out their endorsement of his words .
then nestor , the geranian horseman , cried out :
in our assembly you 're all infants , silly children , with no sense of war 's events.what will happen to our agreements , the oaths we made ?
let fire consumeour strategies , men 's plans , our treaties , ratified with wine and handshakes , those things we used to trust .
for now we fight ourselves , arguing like this .
we ca n't find any remedy , though we 've been sitting here for years.son of atreus , you must maintain with forceyour previous plan to lead the argive troops directly to the harsh demands of war.and let those one or two be damned , the men who do n't think like achaeans , the few of them who yearn to go back home—something they 'll find impossible to do—before we learn the truth or falsehoodof what was promised by aegis-bearing zeus .
for i assure you mighty zeus nodded assent on that very day the argives put to sea , bearing troy 's destructive fate in their swift ships .
on our right hand , zeus hurled down lightning bolts , signs manifesting his good will to us . so let no man run off to get back home—not before he 's had sex with some trojan 's wife , payment for helen 's miseries , her cries of pain . if any man is really keen to get back home , let him just set hand to his well-benched ship , he 'll come face to face , in plain view of all , with death , his fate .
you , my lord , think carefully— think about what someone else suggests .
do n't simply throw out what i say to you .
agamemnon , set men in groups by tribes and clans , so clans encourage clans , tribes bolster tribes .
if you do that , if achaeans all obey , you 'll then recognize who 's good and badamong your leaders and your men .
ranged like that , the two groups will stand against each other.you 'll then know whether failure to take troy stems from divine will or craven soldiersor ineptitude in managing the war .
old man , in our assembly once againyou win out over all achaea 's sons .
o father zeus , athena , and apollo— if i only had ten such counselorsamong achaeans , king priam 's citywould soon fall , be taken , sacked at our hands .
but aegis-bearing zeus , son of cronos , keeps showering me with grievous troubles.he throws me into pointless bitter fights.so achilles and i fought for that girl , yelling at each other .
but if we two agreed , were of one mind , then troy 's fate would be sealed without delay , without a moment 's pause .
but let 's go off to eat , so we can resume the fight .
so we can stand all day and battle ares , hateful god of war .
we 'll get no respite , not even for a moment , except at dusk , when nightfall separates the frenzied soldiers.chest straps on our protective body shieldswill be soaked through with sweat .
horses , too , will sweat , under the strain of hauling polished chariots .
but if i see a man coming out to fightreluctantly , hanging back by our curved ships , he 'll not escape being food for dogs and birds .
argives answered agamemnon with a mighty roar , like waves by a steep cliff crashing on the rock face , lashed by south wind 's blasts , always foaming on the rock , whipped on by every wind gusting here and there .
the men leapt up , moved off , scattering to ships , set fires by their huts , and each man ate his dinner .
every man then sacrificed to the immortal gods , praying to escape death and war 's killing zone.agamemnon , king of men , sacrificed an ox , a fat one , five years old , to zeus , exalted son of cronos.he summoned the best senior men of all achaeans— first , nestor and idomeneus , then both ajaxes , then diomedes , tydeus ' son .
warrior menelaus arrived without a summons , knowing in his heart all agamemnon 's worries .
most powerful zeus , exalted lord of thunder clouds , zeus , who dwells in heaven , grant my prayer—may the sun not go down , nor darkness come , before i have cast down priam 's palace , covered it with dust , destroyed its doorsin all-consuming fire , and with my bronze swordsliced to shreds the tunic on hector 's chest.may many of his comrades lie beside him ,
so he prayed .
but cronos ' son did not grant his wish .
once the men had prayed , scattering barley grain , they pulled back the beast 's head , slit its throat , flayed it , sliced thigh bones out and hid them in twin layers of fat , with raw meat on top .
they cooked these on split wood , then placed the innards on spits in hephaestus ' fire .
when the wrapped-up thigh bones were completely cooked , and they 'd tasted samples of the inner organs , they chopped up the rest , arranged the meat on spits , cooked it carefully , then drew it from the fire .
when every man had eatenas much food and drink as anyone could wish , geranian horseman nestor was the first to speak .
lord agamemnon , son of atreus , king of men , let 's end our discussions nowand not postpone work given by the gods .
come , let heralds of bronze-clad achaeanssummon all the soldiers to assembly.let 's move together across the wide front , rouse achaea 's men with blood-lust for war .
he ordered clear-voiced heralds immediately to sound the battle call to long-haired achaeans .
the call went out .
troops assembled on the run .
with them strode athena , her eyes glittering , holding up the aegis— her priceless , ageless , eternal aegis , its hundred golden tassels quivering , each finely woven , valued at a hundred oxen .
as she passed , she roused in men that hot desire to fight , to kill .
at once she made each man feel war far sweeter than returning home , finer than sailing in the hollow ships back to his dear native land .
just as an all-consuming fire burns through huge forests on a mountain top , and men far off can see its light , so , as soldiers marched out , their glittering bronze blazed through the sky to heaven , an amazing sight .
as many birds in flight—geese , cranes , and long-necked swans—in an asian meadow by the flowing river caystrios , fly here and there , proud of their strong wings , and call , as they settle , the meadow resounding with the noise , so the many groups of soldiers moved out then from ships and huts onto scamander 's plain.under men 's and horses ' feet the earth rang ominously .
then they stood there , in that flowered meadow , by the scamander , an immense array , as numerous as leaves and flowers in springtime.like flies swarming around shepherds ' pens in spring , when pails fill up with milk , so the achaeans , a huge long-haired host , marched out onto that plain against the trojans , eager to destroy them .
just as goatherds sort out with ease the wandering beasts , all mixed up in the pasture , so through all the army , the leaders organized the troops for battle .
among them powerful agamemnon roamed , eyes and head like zeus , who loves the thunder , waist like ares , god of war , chest like poseidon.just as in cattle herds the bull stands out above the rest , by far the most conspicuous amid the cows , so on that day zeus made agamemnon stand pre-eminent among the troops , first of heroes .
now , you muses living on olympus , tell me— for you are goddesses and know everything , while we hear only stories , knowing nothing certain— tell me the leaders of danaans , the rulers .
it would be impossible for me to tell
the story of or name those in the common mass , not even with ten tongues , ten mouths , an untiring voice , a heart of bronze , unless the olympian muses , daughters of aegis-bearing zeus , could sing of the men , all those who came to troy .
but i shall list the leaders , commanders of the ships , and all the ships in full .
peneleus , leitus , and arcesilausled the boeotians , with clonius and prothoenor.their men came from hyria , rocky aulis , schoenus , scolus , mountainous eteonus , thespeia , graia , spacious mycalassus , men holding harma , eilesium , erythrae ; men holding eleon , hyle , peteon , ocalea , the well-built fortress medeon , copae , eutresis , thisbe , city full of doves ; men from coronea , grassy haliartus ; men from plataea , glisas , those who heldfortified lower thebe and sacred onchestus , with poseidon 's splendid grove ; men from arne , land rich in grapes , midea , sacred nisa , and distant anthedon .
fifty ships came with these men , each with one hundred and twenty young boeotians . men from aspledon and minyan orchomenus were led by ascalaphus and ialmenus , ares ' sons .
she , a modest virgin , went upstairs , where the god lay with her in secret.these men brought with them a fleet of thirty ships .
schedius and epistrophus , sons of iphitus , the son of great-hearted naubolus , commanded phoceans—men from cyparissus , rocky pytho , holy crisa , daulis , and panopeus ; men from anemorea and hyampolis ; from around the sacred river cephisus , from lilaea , beside cephissus ' springs .
forty black ships these two leaders brought with them .
the locrians were led by swift ajax , son of oileus , the lesser ajax , not the greater ajax , son of telamon , but a much smaller man.though he was short and wore cloth armour , among all hellenes and achaeans he excelled in fighting with his spear .
locrians came from cynus , opous , calliarus , bessa , scarphe , lovely aegeiae , tarphe , thronion , and from around the river boagrius.ajax brought forty black ships of locrians living across from sacred euboea .
elephenor , offspring of ares , son of chalcodon , great-hearted leader , commanded the abantes , who live to breathe war 's fury , soldiers from euboea , chalcis , eretria , wine-rich histiaea , cerinthus by the sea , men from the steep fortress dium , carystus , and styra .
these swift abantes came with elephenor , their hair grown long behind , warrior spearmen , filled with fierce desire to tear apart their enemies , to pierce armed bodies with their long ash spears.forty black ships came with elephenor .
soldiers came from that well-built fortress athens , land of proud erechtheus , whom athena raised , after he was born out of the harvest land .
to him athenian youth make sacrificial offerings , with bulls and rams as each year comes around.menestheus , son of peteos , led these men .
in tactics no one alive on earth could match himin deploying chariots or shield-bearing men.nestor , from a previous age , was his only rival.menestheus brought with him fifty black ships .
from salamis ajax commanded twelve ships .
warriors from argos , fortified tiryns , hermione , asine , both with deep bays , troezene , eionae , vine-rich epidaurus , achaean youth from aegina , mases— all these were led by mighty fighter diomedes , skilled in war cries , and by sthenelus , dear son of famous capaneus .
there was a third leader , god-like euryalus , mecisteus ' son , son of lord talaus .
these men brought with them eighty black ships .
troops from the strong fortress mycenae , rich corinth , well-built cleonae , orneae , lovely araethyrea , sicyon , whose first king was adrestus , with men from hyperesia , lofty gonoessa , pellene , from aegium , men from coastal regions and wide helice—of these men agamemnon , son of atreus , led one hundred ships.the most troops came with him , the finest men by far.in their midst , agamemnon put on a proud display , dressed in gleaming armour , prominent among all heroes.he was the best of all , because he had most men .
men from lacedaemon , land of ravines , pharis , sparta , messe , where doves congregate , men living in bryseae , beautiful augeiae , amyclae , coastal helos , men from laäs , from around oetylus—all these in sixty ships were led by powerful , warlike menelaus , agamemnon 's brother .
among these warriors , as they armed themselves some distance off , menelaus strode—confident , courageous—rousing his troops for war , his heart passionateto avenge helen 's struggles , her cries of pain .
amphigenea , pteleum , helos , dorium , where the muses met the thracian thamyris , and stopped his singing .
he was coming backfrom oechalia , from the court of eurytus the king.he 'd boasted his singing would surpass the muses , daughters of aegis-bearing zeus , should they compete.in their anger the muses mutilated thamyris , taking away his godlike power of song , and making him forget his skill in playing the lyre.geranian horseman nestor led these menin a flotilla of ninety hollow ships .
men from arcadia , from below steep mount cyllene , near aepytus ' tomb , where men excel in combathand to hand , troops from pheneus , orchomenus , rich in flocks , rhipe , stratie , windy enispe , tegea , lovely mantinea , stymphelus , parrhasia—mighty agapenor led these men , ancaeus ' son , in sixty ships .
agamemnon , king of men , had himself provided well-decked ships for them to sail across the wine-dark ocean , for these men lacked expertise in matters of the sea .
soldiers from bouprasium , fair elis , those partsbounded by hyrmine , coastal myrsinus , the rock of olene , and alesium—these troops had four commanders , each with ten swift ships .
the many epeians on board were commanded by amphimachus , son of cteatus , and thalpius , son of eurytus , descended both from actor .
third leader was diores , son of amarynces.fourth was polyxeinus , son of agasthenes , augeas ' son .
men from doulichium , sacred echinean islands , living across the sea from elis , were commandedby warlike meges , son of phyleus , the horseman , loved of zeus .
phyleus , angry with his father , moved to doulichium .
meges brought with him
forty black ships in his flotilla .
odysseus led onthe cephallenians , soldiers from ithaca , well wooded neritum , crocylea , rugged aegilips , from zacynthus , samos , both those inhabiting the mainlandand those from cities on the facing shore.odysseus , as wise as zeus , led these troops , who came with him in twelve black ships .
thoas , son of andraemon , led the aetolians , men from pleuron , olenus , pylene , coastal chalchis , and rocky calydon.proud king oeneus had no living sons , and he himself was dead , as was fair-haired meleager.thus , thoas ruled alone .
he brought forty black ships .
famous spearman idomeneus led the cretans from cnossus , fortified gortyn , lyctus , miletus , chalky lycastus , phaestus , rhytium , both populous towns , with other warriors from crete 's one hundred cities .
idomeneus , famous for fighting with a spear , led these troops , along with meriones , as skilled at killing menas ares , god of war .
they brought eighty black ships .
tlepolemus , son of hercules , a huge brave man , led nine ships of courageous troops , men from rhodes , split into three divisions—from lindus , ialysus , and chalky cameirus—all led by tlepolemus , famous spearman , born to astyocheiaand mighty hercules , who 'd taken her from ephyra , by the river selleis , after razing many townsfull of vital warriors .
once he 'd grown upin their well-furnished home , tlepolemus killed his father 's uncle , licymnius , a well-loved old man , a great fighter , too .
at once tlepolemus built a fleet , assembled many men , and fled away .
he suffered badly , until he came to rhodes , whose people live in three groups split by tribes.zeus , who governs gods and men , loved them , and so the son of cronos blessed them with great wealth .
nireus brought three well-balanced ships from syme.the son of aglaea and lord charopus , the handsomest of all danaans who sailed to troy , after achilles , who had no equal .
men from nisyrus , crapathus , casus , cos , eurypylus ' city , the calydnian islands had pheidippus and antiphus , sons of lord thessalus , hercules ' son , as leaders .
with them came thirty hollow ships .
all the troops from pelasgian argos , alos , men living in alope , trachis , from phthia , and hellas , where lovely women live , men calledmyrmidons , hellenes , achaeans—these troops achilles led in fifty ships .
but their minds were n't set on the grim clash of war .
they had no one to lead them.godlike achilles , swift of foot , sat by his ships , still angry over fair-complexioned briseis , seized from lyrnessus after heavy fighting.achilles had laid waste lyrnessus and thebe 's walls , overthrown the spearmen mynes and epistrophus , sons of lord euenus , son of king selepius because of her , achilles sat still grieving .
but soon enough he 'd rouse himself again .
troops from phylace , flowering pyrasus , shrine of demeter , iton , where flocks breed , antrum by the sea , and grassy pteleum— brave protesilaus had led these men , while still alive .
in phylace , he left behind a wife to tear her cheeks in grief ,
some dardanian killed him , as he jumped on trojan soil , the first on shore , far ahead of all achaeans .
his soldiers lamented the loss of their chief , but did n't lack a leader .
warlike podarces , son of iphicles , led them— the man owned many flocks and was a young blood brotherto protesilaus .
so these troops had a leader , though they missed the noble one they 'd lost.podarces brought forty black ships along with him .
troops from pherae by lake boebea , from boebeïs , glaphyrae , well-built iolcus—these camein eleven ships , commanded by eumelus , admetus ' well-loved son , born to him by alcestis , loveliest of pelias ' daughters .
troops from methone , thaumacia , meliboea , and rugged olizon , were led by philoctetes , the skilled archer , in seven ships , each with fifty men , expert archers .
but philoctetes stayed behind on lemnos , the sacred island , in horrific pain , abandoned.achaea 's sons had left him there in agony , wounded by a snake bite .
he lay there in torment.but soon the argives by their ships would have reason to remember him .
these soldiers missed their chief , but were now led by medon , oïleus ' bastard son , whom rhene bore to oïleus , destroyer of cities .
men from tricca , rocky ithome , oechalia , city of eurytus , the oechalian , were commanded by two sons of asclepius , skilled healers , podaleirus and machaon .
they brought thirty hollow ships with them.troops from ormenius , from the fount of hyperea , from asterius , from titanus with its white hilltops— these men were commanded by eurypylus , fine son of euaemon , in forty black ships .
men from argissa , gyrtone , orthe , elone , the white city oloösson—these troops were ledby polypoetes , a steadfast soldier , son of perithous , himself son to immortal zeus.that famous lady hippodameia borepolypoetes to perithous on that very day he took revenge out on those hairy monsters , and beat them from mount pelion towards the aithices .
but polypoetes was not the sole commander.with him was leonteus , a warlike man , son of proud-hearted coronus , caeneus ' son.with them they brought forty black ships .
gouneus brought twenty-two ships from cyphus.with him sailed the enienes and peraebians , reliable fighting men from cold dodona , who work by the lovely river titaressus , which empties its beautiful , flowing waters into the peneus .
these do not intermingle with the silver stream of the peneus , but flow along on top of them , like oil.for the titaressus is a branch of the river styx , dread waters by which the most solemn oaths are sealed .
prothous , son of tenthredon , led the magnetes , from the region round peneus and mount pelion , where leaves are always trembling in the wind .
with him swift prothous brought forty black ships .
these men were leaders , rulers of the danaans.muse , tell me this—which of them were the very best of those who came over with the sons of atreus ?
the best horses were those of admetus , son of pheres .
eumelus drove them .
as fast as birds , they matched each other in colour , age , and height along the back.bred by apollo of the silver bow in perea , both mares , they carried terror with them .
of the men , by far the best was ajax , son of telamon ,
but only while achilles did n't join in battle .
for achilles was the better man by far.the horses carrying peleus ' son , man without equal , were much better , too .
but he stayed behind , by his curved seaworthy ships , still enragedat agamemnon , atreus ' son , the people 's shepherd .
his soldiers amused themselves beside the breaking sea by throwing spears and discus or with archery.their horses stood near their chariots , browsing on lotus and parsley from the marsh .
their masters ' chariots , fully covered , remained stationed in the huts .
missing their warlike leader , these troops strolledhere and there throughout the camp and did not fight .
earth groaned under them , just as it doeswhen zeus , who loves thunder , in his anger lashes the land around typhoeus , among the arimi , where people say typhoeus has his lair.that 's how the earth groaned loudly under marching feet .
then wind-swift iris came to troy as messenger from aegis-bearing zeus carrying grim news.trojans had summoned an assembly by priam 's palace gates .
standing by priam , swift-footed iris spoke , sounding like polites , priam 's son.he 'd been stationed as a scout—fully confidentof his skill at running—at old aesyetes ’ tomb , right at the top , waiting for the moment achaeans moved out from their ships .
priam , old man , you always love to talk about irrelevant things , as you did earlier in peacetime .
but now this war continuesrelentlessly .
i 've gone to battle many times.i 've never seen an army like this one , so many men ,
as numerous as leaves or grains of sand , coming across the plain to assault our city.hector , i call on you , on you above all , to followmy instructions—the numerous allies herein priam 's great city all speak different languagesfrom far-scattered regions .
so let each manissue orders to the ones he leads , let him now organize his countrymen , then lead them out to battle .
people call it batieia , but the gods know it as the tomb of agile myrine.here the trojans and their allies marshaled forces .
hector of the flashing helmet , priam 's son , led out the trojans .
with him marched in arms the largest contingent , the finest men by far , eager to get working with their spears .
aeneas , anchises ' worthy son , led the dardanians .
but aeneas was not their sole commander .
with him were antenor 's two sons , archelochus and acamas , extremely skilled in every form of war .
men from zeleia , on mount ida 's lowest slope , wealthy trojans , men who drink dark waters of the river aesepus were led by pandarus , lycaon 's worthy son , whom apollo had taught archery .
soldiers from adresteia , apaesus , pityeia , steep mount tereia were commanded by adrestusand amphius in cloth armour , merops ' sons from percote , who knew more of prophecy than anyone .
they did not obey him .
troops from percote , practius , sestos , abydos , holy arisbe—these troops were led by asius , son of hyrtacus , an important ruler.arius 's huge , tawny horses brought himfrom arisbe , from the river selleïs .
hippothous led tribes of spearmen from pelasgia , fertile larisa , along with pylaeus , offshoots of ares , sons of pelasgian lethus , teutamus 's son .
pyraechmes led archers from paeonia , from far off amydon , by the axius , a broad flowing river , whose moving watersare the loveliest on earth .
pylaemenes , a brave soldier , commanded paphlagoniansfrom enetae , where herds of mules run wild , men from cytorus , from around sesamus , those with fine homes by the stream parthenius , from cromna , aegialus , high erithini .
but ennomus ' great skill in prophecydid not allow him to evade his deadly fate.swift achilles , descendant of aeacus , killed himin the river where he slaughtered other trojans .
mesthles and antiphus commanded the maeonians .
sons of talaemenes , born to gygaea , a water nymph , they led maeoniansfrom around the foot of mount tmolus .
nastes led the carians , men with a strange language , from miletus , phthires , with its wooded mountain , maeander 's waters and high peaks of mount mycale.nastes and amphimachus , noble sons of nomionwere their leaders .
nastes went to war carrying gold , like a girl .
what a fool !
his gold did not spare him a wretched death .
sarpedon and noble glaucus commanded lycians , from distant lycia , by the swirling river xanthus .
once troops had formed in ranks under their own leaders , trojans marched out , clamouring like birds , like cranes screeching overhead , when winter 's harsh storms drive them off , screaming as they move over the flowing ocean , bearing death and destruction to the pygmies , launching their savage attack on them at dawn .
achaeans came on in silence , breathing ferocity , determined to stand by each other in the fight .
just as south wind spreads mist around the mountain peak , something shepherds hate , but thieves prefer to night , for one can see only a stone 's throw up ahead , so , as men marched , dense dust clouds rose from underfoot .
then godlike paris stepped out , as trojan champion , on his shoulders a leopard skin .
brandishing two bronze-tipped spears , he challenged the best men in the whole achaean force to fight— a single combat , to the death .
war-loving menelaus noticed alexander striding there , his troops bunched up in ranks behind him , and he rejoiced , like a famished lion finding a large carcass— antlered stag or wild goat—and devouring it at once , though fierce young hunters and swift dogs attack .
so menelaus was pleased to see paris there , right before his eyes .
menelaus had in mind
at once menelaus jumped from his chariot , down to the ground , his weapons in his fists .
when godlike alexander saw menelaus there , among the fighters at the front , his heart sank .
he moved back into the ranks , among his comrades , avoiding death .
just as a man stumbles on a snake in some mountainous ravine and gives way , jumping back , his limbs trembling , his cheeks pale , so godlike paris , afraid of atreus ' son , slid back into proud trojan ranks .
how i wishyou never had been born or died unmarried .
that 's what i 'd prefer , so much betterthan to live in shame , hated by others.now long-haired achaeans are mocking us , saying we 've put forward as a championone who looks good , but lacks a strong brave mind .
was this what you were like back on that dayyou gathered up your faithful comrades , sailed sea-worthy ships across the ocean , went out among a foreign people , and carried back from that far-off landa lovely woman linked by marriageto warrior spearmen , thus bringing ongreat suffering for your father and your city , all your people—joy to your enemiesand to yourself disgrace ?
and can you nownot face menelaus ?
if so , you 'd learnthe kind of man he is whose wife you took.you 'd get no help then from your lyre , long hair , good looks—aphrodite 's gifts—once face down , lying in the dirt .
trojans must be timid men.if not , for all the evil things you 've doneby now you ’ d wear a garment made of stones .
hector , you 're right in what you say against me.those complaints of yours are not unjustified .
your heart is tireless , like a wood-chopping axewielded by a craftsman cutting timber for a ship.the axe makes his force stronger .
but do n't blame mefor golden aphrodite 's lovely gifts .
men ca n't reject fine presents from the gods , those gifts they personally bestow on us , though no man would take them of his own free will.you want me now to go to battle.get others to sit down—trojans and achaeans.put me and war-loving menelausin their midst to fight it out for helen , all her property .
the one who triumphs , comes off victorious , the better man , let him take all the goods and lead her home , as his wife .
let others swear a solemn oath , as friends , either to live on in fertile troyor to return to horse-breeding argos , land of the lovely women of achaea .
he went to the middle ground , between the armies , halted trojan troops , grasping the centre of his spear shaft .
but long-haired achaeans kept on shooting , attempting to hit hector with rocks and arrows.then agamemnon , king of men , roared out at them :
argives , achaean lads , stop hurling things.hector of the flashing helmet wants to talk to us .
once agamemnon spoke , the men stopped fighting , quickly falling silent .
you trojans , you well-armed achaeans , listen now to what paris has to say , the man whose actions brought about our fight.he bids the other trojans , all achaeans ,
he and war-loving menelaus here will fight it out alone between the armiesfor helen and for all her property.whichever one comes out victorious , the stronger man , let him seize all the goods , and take the woman as his wife back home.let others swear a solemn oath as friends .
listen now to me .
so now i think argives and trojans should part company , since you have suffered many hardships , thanks to the fight between myself and paris , a fight that he began .
whichever one of us death takes , our fate , let that man perish.you others quickly go your separate ways.so bring two lambs here—white male , black female—for earth and sun .
we 'll bring one more for zeus.lead out great priam to administer the oathin person , for his sons are over-proud , untrustworthy .
no man should transgressby violence oaths sworn in zeus ' name.young men 's minds are fickle .
achaeans and trojans were elated , full of hope that wretched war would end .
they pulled the chariots back into the ranks , climbed out , disarmed , and placed their weapons next to each other on the ground , with little roombetween both groups .
hector sent two heralds to the city , to fetch the lambs with speed and summon priam.agamemnon sent talthybius to the hollow ships , instructing him to bring a sacrificial lamb.talthybius obeyed god-like agamemnon 's orders .
then iris came as messenger to white-armed helen , taking on the image of her sister-in-law , wife of antenor 's son , fine helicaon .
she found helen in her room , weaving a large cloth , a double purple cloak , creating pictures of the many battle scenes between horse-taming trojans and bronze-clad achaeans , wars they suffered for her sake at the hands of ares .
come here , dear girl.look at the amazing things going on.horse-taming trojans and bronze-clad achaeans , men who earlier were fighting one anotherin wretched war out there on the plain , both keen for war 's destruction , are sitting still.alexander and war-loving menelausare going to fight for you with their long spears.the man who triumphs will call you his dear wife .
with these words the goddess set in helen 's heart sweet longing for her former husband , city , parents.covering herself with a white shawl , she left the house , shedding tears .
she did not go alone , but took with her two attendants , aethrae , daughter of pittheus , and ox-eyed clymene .
oucalegaon and antenor , both prudent men , elder statesmen , sat at the scaean gates , with priam and his entourage—panthous , thymoetes , lampus , clytius , and warlike hicataeon .
old men now , their fighting days were finished , but they all spoke well .
they sat there , on the tower , these trojan elders , like cicadas perched up on a forest branch , chirping soft , delicate sounds .
there 's nothing shameful about the fact that trojans and well-armed achaeans
she 's beautiful.but nonetheless let her go back with the ships.let her not stay here , a blight on us , our children .
so they talked .
come here , dear child .
sit down in front of me , so you can see your first husband , your friends , your relatives .
as far as i 'm concerned , it ’ s not your fault .
for i blame the gods.they drove me to wage this wretched waragainst achaeans .
tell me , who 's that large man , over there , that impressive , strong achaean ?
others may be taller by a head than him , but i 've never seen with my own eyes such a striking man , so noble , so like a king .
my dear father-in-law , whom i respect and honour , how i wish i 'd chosen evil death when i came here with your son , leaving behind my married home , companions , darling child , and friends my age .
but things did n't work that way .
so i weep all the time .
but to answer you , that man is wide-ruling agamemnon , son of atreus , a good king , fine fighter , and once he was my brother-in-law , if that life was ever real .
i 'm such a whore .
son of atreus , blessed by the gods , fortune 's child , divinely favoured , many long-haired achaeansserve under you .
once i went to phrygia , that vine-rich land , where i saw phrygian troopswith all their horses , thousands of them , soldiers of otreus , godlike mygdon ,
camped by the banks of the sangarius river.i was their ally , part of their army , the day the amazons , men 's peers in war , came on against them .
the old man then spied odysseus and asked :
dear child , come tell me who this man is , shorter by a head than agamemnon , son of atreus .
his armour 's stackedthere on the fertile earth , but he strides on , marching through men 's ranks just like a ram moving through large white multitudes of sheep .
that man is laertes ' son , crafty odysseus , raised in rocky ithaca .
at that point , wise antenor said to helen :
lady , what you say is true .
once lord odysseuscame here with war-loving menelaus , as an ambassador in your affairs.i received them both in my residenceand entertained them .
i got to know them—from their appearance and their wise advice .
when they mingled with us trojansin our meeting and menelaus rose , his broad shoulders were higher than the other's.but once they sat , odysseus seemed more regal .
when the time came for them to speak to us , setting out their thoughts quite formally , menelaus spoke with fluency—few words , but very clear—no chatter , no digressions—
although he was the younger of the two.but when wise odysseus got up to speak , he just stood , eyes downcast , staring at the ground.he did n't move the sceptre to and fro , but gripped it tightly , like some ignoramus—a bumpkin or someone idiotic.but when that great voice issued from his chest , with words like winter snowflakes , no man alivecould match odysseus .
we were no longer disconcerted at witnessing his style .
priam , the old man , saw a third figure , ajax , and asked :
who is that other man ? he ’ s over there—that huge , burly achaean—his head and shoulderstower over the achaeans .
that 's massive ajax , achaea 's bulwark.across from him stands idomeneus , surrounded by his cretans , like a god .
often war-loving menelaus welcomed himin our house , whenever he arrived from crete.now i see all the bright-eyed achaeanswhom i know well , whose names i could recite.but i ca n't see two of the men 's leaders , castor , tamer of horses , and pollux , the fine boxer—they are both my brothers , whom my mother bore along with me.either they did not come with the contingentfrom lovely lacedaemon , or they sailed here in their seaworthy ships , but have no wish to join men 's battles , fearing the disgrace , the many slurs , which are justly mine .
but the life-nourishing earth
through troy , heralds brought offerings to seal the binding oaths , two lambs and in a goatskin sack some sparkling wine , fruit of the earth .
idaios , the herald , brought in the gleaming mixing bowl and golden cups.standing close by priam , he encouraged him .
son of laomedon , the leading officers among horse-taming trojans and bronze-clad achaeansare calling you to come down to the plain , to administer their binding promises.paris and war-loving menelausare going to fight it out with their long spearsover the woman .
the man who wins , who comes off the victor , gets the womanand her property .
the others will all swear an oath of friendship , a binding one—we will live in fertile troy , they in argos , where horses breed , and in achaea , land of lovely women .
they obeyed at once.priam climbed in and pulled back on the reins.antenor climbed in the fine chariot beside him .
once they reached the trojans and achaeans , they climbed out of the chariot onto fertile ground , in the space between the trojan and achaean troops .
at once , agamemnon and crafty odysseus stood up to greet them .
noble heralds fetched the offerings , to ratify their solemn oaths pledged to the gods .
they prepared wine in the mixing bowl , then poured water over the kings ' hands .
atreus ' son drew out the daggerwhich always hung beside his sword 's huge scabbard ,
raising his hands , agamemnon then intoned a mighty prayer on their behalf :
father zeus , ruling from mount ida , most glorious , most powerful , and you , too , god of the sun , who sees everything , hears everything , you rivers , earth , you gods below the earth , who punish the dead when men swear false oaths , you gods are witnesses .
if alexander slays menelaus , let him keep helen , all her property.let us return in our sea-worthy ships.but if fair-haired menelaus kills alexander , then let the trojans hand back helen , with all her property , and compensateachaeans with something suitable , which future ages will remember .
if alexander 's killed and priamand priam 's children are unwillingto reimburse me , then i 'll remain here , fight on until i 'm fully satisfied , until i end this war appropriately .
with his bronze dagger , he slit the lambs ' throats , placed them on the ground , gasping in their death throes as their life ebbed out , their spirit sliced away by agamemnon 's knife .
next from the mixing bowl , they drew off wine in cups , poured out libations to the deathless gods .
most powerful , mighty zeus , and you others , you immortal gods , may you make surethe men who first violate these oathswill have their brains spill out onto the ground , just like this wine , they and their children .
but the son of cronos did n't grant their wish .
i have no wish to see with my own eyes my dear son fight war-loving menelaus.zeus and other immortal gods know wellwhich of them is fated to end up dead .
he placed the lambs in his chariot.the god-like man climbed in , held back the reins.antenor climbed in the fine chariot by priam .
then hector , priam 's son , and lord odysseus first measured out the ground , took lots , and shook them up in a bronze helmet , to see who 'd throw his bronze spear first .
father zeus , ruling from mount ida , mighty , all-powerful , of these two men , let the one who brought this war to both sides be killed and then go down to hades ' house.and grant our oath of friendship will hold firm .
hector of the flashing helmet turned his eyes to one side and shook out the lots .
alexander 's token fell out immediately.the troops sat down in their respective places , by their high-stepping horses and their inlaid armour .
paris , husband to helen with the lovely hair , hoisted his fine armour on his shoulders .
then he put around his chest the body armour belonging to his brother lycaon .
it fit him well .
on his shoulder he looped his bronze , silver-studded sword , his huge strong shield .
on his handsome head he put a fine helmet with nodding horse-hair plumes on top , full of menace .
then he picked out a brave spear which fit his grip .
menelaus prepared himself as well.when the two men , standing on each side with their troops , had armed themselves , they strode out to the open space between the trojans and achaeans , staring ferociously .
the two men approached each other over measured ground , brandishing their spears in mutual fury .
alexander was the first to hurl his spear.it struck menelaus ' shield , a perfect circle , but the bronze did not break through , the point deflected by the powerful shield .
lord zeus , grant i may be revenged on this man , who first committed crimes against me , lord alexander .
let him die at my hands , so generations of men yet to comewill dread doing wrong to anyone who welcomes them into his home as friends .
the heavy spear pierced through it , went straight through the fine body armour , through the shirtwhich covered alexander 's naked flesh .
but paris twisted to the side , evading a black fate.pulling out his silver-studded sword , the son of atreus raised it and struck the crest of paris ' helmet.but the sword shattered into three or four pieces , falling from his hand .
the son of atreus , in vexation , looked up into wide heaven , crying out :
father zeus , what god brings us more trouble than you do ?
i thought i was paying alexanderfor his wickedness , but now my swordhas shattered in my fist , while from my handmy spear has flown in vain .
i have n't hit him .
as menelaus said these words , he sprang forward , grabbing the horse hair crest on paris ' helmet , twisting him around .
he began dragging paris off , back in the direction of well-armed achaeans.the fine leather strap stretched round paris ' soft neck , right below his chin , was strangling him to death .
at that point menelaus would 've hauled back paris and won unending fame , if aphrodite , zeus ' daughter , had not had sharp eyes .
her force broke the ox-hide strap , leaving menelaus clutching in his massive hands an empty helmet .
whipping it around , menelaus hurled the helmet in among well-armed achaeans.his loyal companions retrieved it .
he charged back , with his bronze spear , intent on killing alexander .
but aphrodite had snatched paris up—for a godan easy feat—concealed him in a heavy mist , and placed him in his own sweetly scented bedroom .
she found her on the high tower , in a crowd among the trojan women .
she clutched helen by her perfumed dress , twitched it , then addressed her , in the form of an old woman , a wool carder , someone who used to live in lacedaemon , producing fine wool , a woman helen really liked .
he 's in the bedroom , on the carved-out bed , his beauty and his garments glistening.you would n't think he 's just come from some fight.he looks as if he 's going to a dance , or if he 's sitting down right after dancing .
noticing the goddess ' lovely neck , enticing breasts , her glittering eyes , helen was astonished .
goddess , why do you wish to deceive me so ? are you going to take me still further off , to some well-populated city somewherein phrygia or beautiful maeonia , because you 're in love with some mortal manand menelaus has just beaten parisand wants to take me , a despised woman , back home with him ?
is that why you 're here , you and your devious trickery ? why do n't you go with paris by yourself , stop walking around here like a goddess , stop guiding your feet toward olympus , and lead a miserable life with him , caring for him , until he makes you his wife or slave .
i wo n't go to him in there—that would be shameful , serving him in bed .
every trojan woman would revile me afterwards .
besides , my heart is hurt enough already .
divine aphrodite , angry at helen , answered her :
do n't provoke me , you obstinate girl.i might lose my temper , abandon you , and hate you just as much as i have loved you.i could make trojans and danaans hate you , too.then you 'd suffer death in misery .
she covered herself in her soft white linen shawl , went off in silence , unnoticed by all the trojan women .
helen , goddess among women , went to her room upstairs , where laughter-loving goddess aphrodite picked up a chair and carried it for helen .
with eyes averted , she began to criticize her husband :
you 've come back from the fight .
how i wish you 'd died there , killed by that strong warriorwho was my husband once .
you used to boastyou were stronger than warlike menelaus , more strength in your hands , more power in your spear.so go now , challenge war-loving menelausto fight again in single combat .
i 'd suggest you stay away .
do n't fight it outman to man with fair-haired menelaus , without further thought .
you might well die , come to a quick end on his spear .
wife , do n't mock my courage with your insults.yes , menelaus has just defeated me , but with athena 's help .
next time i 'll beat him .
for we have gods on our side , too .
but come , let 's enjoy our love together on the bed.never has desire so filled my mind as now , not even when i first took you awayfrom lovely lacedaemon , sailing off in our sea-worthy ships , or when i lay with you in our lover 's bed on the isle of cranae.that 's how sweet passion has seized hold of me , how much i want you now .
he led the way to bed .
his wife went , too .
atreus ' son paced through the crowd , like a wild beast , searching for some glimpse of godlike alexander.but no trojan nor any of their famous allies
if they 'd seen him , they had no desire to hide him .
for they all hated paris , as they hated gloomy death .
listen to me , trojans , dardanians , allies—victory clearly falls to war-loving menelaus.so give back argive helen and her property , compensate us with a suitable amount , something future ages will all talk about .
the gods all sat assembled in the golden courtyard , with zeus there , too .
they toasted each other in golden cups , as they looked out on troy .
then zeus , son of cronos , wishing to irk hera with a sarcastic speech , addressed them in deviously provoking words :
menelaus has two goddessesassisting him , hera of argos and athena of alalcomene.but they sit far away , looking on , enjoying themselves , while aphrodite , who loves laughter , helps paris all the time , protecting him from death .
now , for instance , she 's just rescued him from certain death.for war-loving menelaus was the victor , no doubt of that .
but why do n't we discusshow this warfare is going to finish up—whether we should re-ignite harsh combat , this horrific strife , or make both sides friends.if this second option pleases all of us , if we find it sweet , then king priam 's cityremains inhabited , and menelaustakes argive helen home with him .
athena and hera sat together muttering , plotting trouble for the trojans .
angry at zeus , her father , athena sat there silently , so enraged she did n't say a word .
but hera , unable to contain her anger , burst out :
how can you wish to undermine my efforts , prevent them from achieving anything ?
what about the sweat which dripped from me , as i worked so hard , wearing my horses out , gathering men to wipe out priam and his children.go ahead then .
but all we other godsdo not approve of what you 're doing .
then cloud-gatherer zeus , irritated , said to her :
dear wife , what sort of crimes have priamor priam 's children committed against you , that you should be so vehemently keento destroy that well-built city ilion ? if you went through its gates or its huge walls , you 'd gorge on priam and his children , other trojans , too , swallow their flesh raw.that 's what you 'd do to slake your anger.do as you wish .
we should n't make this mattersomething you and i later squabble over , a source of major disagreements.but i 'll tell you this—keep it in mind .
whenever i get the urge to wipe outsome city whose inhabitants you love , do n't try to thwart me .
let me have my way .
i 'll give in to you freely , though unwillingly.for of all towns inhabited by earth 's peoples , under the sun , beneath the heavenly stars , sacred ilion , with priam and his people , expert spearmen , stands dearest in my heart .
the three cities i love the best by farare argos , sparta , and mycenae ,
destroy them utterly , if you ever hate them in your heart .
i wo n't deny you or get in your way.if i tried disagreeing with such destruction , my hostile stance would be quite useless .
for you are far more powerful than me.but my own work must not be wasted , worth nothing .
i 'm a god , the same race as you—i 'm crooked-minded cronos ' eldest daughter .
another thing—in addition to my birth—i 'm called your wife , and you rule all immortals .
in this matter , then , let 's both supporteach other 's wishes—you mine , i yours.other gods will follow our example .
instruct athena to go immediatelywhere trojans and achaeans carry ontheir bitter conflict .
there she should tryto get the trojans to break their oaths first , by harming the glorious achaeans .
the father of gods and men agreed .
try to get the trojans to break their oaths first , by injuring the glorious achaeans .
she darted from olympus summit , sped off , like a comet sent by crooked-minded cronos ' son , a beacon for sailors and the wide race of men , showering sparks behind her as she flew .
that 's how pallas athena shot to earth , then dropped right down into the middle of the soldiers .
there 's going to be more war , more wretched combat ,
or else great zeus , who serves up war to men , will make the troops on both sides friends .
athena went down into the trojan crowd , looking like laodocus , antenor 's son , a strong spearman , seeking godlike pandarus .
she met pandarus , lycaon 's powerful son , a fine man , standing there with his sturdy regiment , shield-bearing troops who 'd come from the river aesopus.standing near him , athena spoke .
fiery hearted son of lycaon , why not do as i suggest ?
prepare yourselfto shoot a swift arrow at menelaus.you 'd earn thanks and glory from all trojans , most of all from prince alexander.he 'd be the very first to bring fine gifts , if he could see warlike menelaus , son of atreus , mounted on his bier , his bitter funeral pyre , killed by your arrow .
so come , then , shoot an arrow at him—at splendid menelaus .
promise apollo , illustrious archer born in lycia , you 'll make fine sacrifice , some new-born lambs , once you get back to your city , holy zeleia .
pandarus took up his bow of polished horn , made from a nimble wild goat he himself once shot under the chest , as it leapt down from a rock.he 'd waited in an ambush and hit it in the front.the goat fell down onto the rocks , landing on its back.horns on its head were sixteen palm widths long .
his brave companions held their shields before him , just in case achaea 's warlike sons attacked them , before he could shoot menelaus , atreus ' warrior son .
then , removing the cover from his quiver , pandarus took out an arrow , a fresh-winged courier bearing dark agony .
next he quickly set the keen arrow on the string , swearing an oath to the archer god , lycian-born apollo , that he would make splendid sacrifice , first-born lambs , when he got back to his city , holy zaleia .
gripping the arrow notch , the ox-gut bowstring , he pulled back , drawing the string right to his nipple , iron arrow head against the bow .
once he 'd bentthat great bow into a circle , the bow twanged , the string sang out , the sharp-pointed arrow flew away , eager to bury itself in crowds of men .
but , menelaus , the immortal sacred godsdid not forget you .
athena , zeus ' daughter , goddess of war 's spoils , was first to stand before you , to ward off the piercing arrow—she brushed it from your skin , just as a mother brushes a fly off her child while he lies sweetly sleeping .
athena led the arrow to the spot where the gold buckles on the beltrest on the joint in the double body armour .
the keen arrow dug into the leather strap , passed right through the finely decorated belt , through the richly embossed armour , the body mail , his most powerful guard , worn to protect his flesh , by blocking spears and arrows .
just as when some woman of meonia or caria stains white ivory with purple dye , making a cheek piecefor a horse , and leaves it in her room—an object many riders covet for themselves , a king 's treasure with double value—horse 's ornament and rider 's glory— that 's how , menelaus , your strong thighs , shins and ankles were stained with your own blood below the wound .
when agamemnon saw dark blood flowing from the wound ,
but when he sawbarbs of the arrow head , its binding , still outside , not underneath the skin , his spirits rose , and courageflowed back into his chest .
mighty agamemnon , taking menelaus by the hand , with a bitter groan , spoke to his companions , all grieving with him :
dear brother , that oath i swore to was your death—letting you step forward to fight trojans , as achaea 's champion .
for now the trojanshave shot you , walking roughshod on their oaths , that treaty they swore to in good faith .
but still , the oath , lambs ' blood , unmixed libations , handshakes , things in which we placed our trust—all these will not go in vain .
for if zeus , the olympian , does not fulfill them now , later on he will .
trojans will pay much— with their heads , their wives , their children.i know in my mind and heart that day will comewhen holy troy , priam , and his people , fine spearmen , will be annihilated , when high-ruling zeus , son of cronos , who dwells in the sky , angry at their lies , will shake his dark aegis against them all .
these things will be fulfilled .
but , menelaus , i 'll be in dreadful pain on your account , if you die , if fate now ends your life , if i return to arid argos totally disgraced .
for achaeans immediately will think of home , leaving priam and his trojans here in triumph , abandoning helen , an argive woman.your bones will lie rotting here in trojan soil , recalling the work we failed to finish .
then some arrogant trojan , leaping up onto the tomb of famous menelaus , will shout : 'may agamemnon 's angeralways end like this .
his achaean army he brought here in vain .
back to his native land in empty ships , abandoning courageous menelaus .
that 's what he 'll say .
before that dayi hope the broad earth will lie over me !
then menelaus , to cheer up agamemnon , said :
do n't upset achaeans .
this sharp arrow is not a fatal hit.my gleaming belt protected me on top , as did my body chain mail underneath , forged in bronze .
my dear menelaus , i hope that 's true .
but a healer must inspect your wound , apply his medicine to relieve black pain .
agamemnon ordered talthybius , his godlike herald :
talthybius , as quickly as you can , get machaon here , son of asclepius , healer without equal , to look overwarlike menelaus , son of atreus , shot by someone 's arrow , a skilled archer , trojan or lycian—to his glory and our grief .
he saw him there , standing among the ranks of his strong warriors , shield-bearing men who 'd come with him from tricca , land where horses breed .
son of asclepius , rouse yourself .
shot by someone 's arrow , a skilled archer , trojan or lycian—to his glory and our grief .
they came where wounded fair-haired menelaus lay.around him all the noblest men had gathered in a circle.machaon , godlike man , strode into the middle , drew the arrow from the belt without delay , twisting back the sharp barbs as he pulled the arrow out .
he undid the finely decorated belt and armour , then , under that , the chain mail forged in bronze .
next , he inspected the wound the keen arrow made , sucked out the blood , then skillfully applied his potions , soothing medicines which cheiron gave his father .
while the achaeans were looking after menelaus , lord of the loud war shout , trojan ranks advanced , shields ready , once more armed with all their weapons , fully charged with passionate desire for battle .
then you 'd not have seen lord agamemnon sleeping , hiding , or not keen to fight .
quite the reverse , he was moving out to combat , to man-ennobling war.he left his horses and ornate bronze chariot with his aide eurymedon , son of ptolemaeus , son of peiraeus , who held the panting horses at a distance .
for agamemnon had ordered him repeatedly to keep the horses ready for the time his limbsgrew tired from moving through so many soldiers .
he went around on foot , inspecting warrior ranks .
when he saw danaans coming up with horses , he 'd approach them , shouting words of encouragement :
argives , do n't lose your warlike spirit .
father zeus will never help those liars.by attacking us , these trojans were the first to violate their oaths .
vultures will gnaw awaytheir tender flesh , while we lead off their wives
but when agamemnon saw soldiers holding back from hateful war , he 'd lash out at them in anger
you cowards , disgraceful argives , are n't you ashamed ? what are you doing just standing here , like dazed fawns exhausted after runningover a large plain , now motionless , hearts drained of spirit—that 's how you stand , in a trance , not marching up to battle.are you waiting for trojans to come closer , up to the fine sterns of our ships beached here , on the gray sea shore , so you can seeif the hand of cronos ' son will shield you ?
in this way , agamemnon moved around the army , exerting his authority throughout the ranks.going past crowds of men , he met the troops from crete , as they armed themselves round idomeneus , their fiery-hearted leader at the front , fierce as a wild boar .
looking at these two , agamemnon , king of men , rejoiced .
idomeneus , above all danaans , with their swift horses , i value you in war , in all other things , and at banquets , when achaea ’ s finest prepare gleaming wine , the kind reserved for kings , in mixing bowls .
other long-haired achaeans drink their portion , the amount allotted to them , but your cupalways stands full of wine , as does mine , so you can drink any time your heart desires.set off to battle , then—show you 're a man , the fine man you claimed to be before .
son of atreus , indeed i 'll prove myselfa loyal comrade to you , as i promised that first time long ago .
but you should rouseother long-haired achaean men to action , so we may fight at once , without delay.since trojans have broken their sworn promises , death and sorrow will come to them at last , for they attacked us first , breaking their oaths .
at these words , the son of atreus felt joy fill his heart.then he moved off .
as he continued on his way , he met both men called ajax , arming themselvesamong the hordes of troops , with crowds of men on foot .
just as a goatherd high on a lookout sees a cloudcoming down across the sea , driven by west wind 's force— something which at a distance seems pitch blackas it moves across the sea , driving a huge storm , and , shuddering at the sight , he takes his flocks into a cave—that ’ s how the dense ranks of young men , gods ' favourites , marched around both ajaxes , ready for war , all dressed in black , with shields and spears , seeing them , powerful agamemnon felt great joy—he shouted out to them in words with wings :
you two ajaxes , leaders of the argives armed in bronze , for you i have no orders .
it 's not right for me to urge you forward—both of you are rousing men to fight with all their force .
by father zeus , athena , and apollo , i wish such spirit would fill each man 's chest .
then king priam 's city would soon fall , we 'd capture it , destroy it utterly .
with these words , he left them there , going on to others.he met nestor , clear-voiced orator from pylos , setting his troops in order , urging them to fight
under huge pelagon , alastor , chromius , haemon , and mighty bias , his people 's shepherd.nestor set horses , chariots , and charioteers in front.in the rear , he placed his many brave foot soldiers , a battle wall .
first , he told the charioteers to control their horses , to avoid confusing the entire battle line :
in your eagerness to engage the trojans , do n't any of you charge ahead of others , trusting in your strength and horsemanship.and do n't lag behind .
that will hurt our charge.any man whose chariot confronts an enemy'sshould thrust with his spear at him from there .
thus that old man , skilled in war 's traditions , roused his men .
old man , how i wish the power in those knees of yourscould match the spirit in your chest , your strength remain unbowed .
if only that had happenedto some other man and left you in place , among the ranks of younger warriors .
son of atreus , yes , indeed , i wish i were the man i used to be back then , when i cut down lord ereuthalion.but gods do n't give men everything at once .
now old age follows me.but i 'll be with my horsemen , advising them ,
giving them their orders , an old man 's right.fighting with spears is for the younger menborn after me , men who rely on strength .
filled with joy , atreus ' son moved on.next , he came upon menestheus , peteos ' son , a charioteer , standing still among athenians , famous for their battle cries .
close by them , resourceful odysseus stood among his troops , cephallenian soldiers , powerful fighting men.these men had not yet heard the call to battle .
for the armies of horse-taming trojans and achaeans had only just begun to march against each other .
so odysseus ' soldiers stood waiting for the rest of the achaeansto charge against the trojans and begin the fight.seeing this , agamemnon , king of men , spoke out , rebuking them .
son of peteos , god-given king , and you , odysseus , skilled in sly deception , crafty minded , why are you holding back , standing apart ?
are you waiting for the rest ?
by rights you two should be with those in front , sharing the heat of battle .
at banquets , when we achaeans feast our senior men , you hear me call your name out first.then you like to have roast meat and cups of wine , honey sweet , to your heart 's content.but now you 'd be quite happy looking onif ten achaean groups were fighting here with ruthless bronze before your very eyes .
son of atreus , how can you say such things ?
how can you claim i 'm hanging back from battleeach time we achaeans rouse ourselves for waragainst horse-taming trojans ?
if you want ,
if it 's of interest to you , then you 'll seetelemachus ' dear father battlinghorse-taming trojans at the very front .
what you 've been saying is clearly nonsense .
mighty agamemnon saw the anger in odysseus.he smiled at him and took back what he 'd just said :
odysseus , you resourceful man , divinely born son of laertes , i 'm not finding serious fault with you.i 'm issuing no orders to you.i know that spirit in your loyal chest is well disposed .
we both are of one mind.if i 've said something bad we 'll make it good .
may the gods bring all of this to nothing .
with these words , agamemnon left odysseus there , moving on to other men .
he met diomedes , tydeus ' high-spirited son , standing by his horses and his well-made chariot .
beside him stood sthenelus , son of capaneus .
seeing them , agamemnonspoke out in rebuke .
tydeus was not a man to shirk like this .
that 's what they say , those who saw him work .
i never saw him for myself .
once he came to mycenaeas a peaceful guest with godlike polyneices , mustering men to assault the sacred walls of thebes.they begged us to give them worthy comrades.mycenaeans , willing to comply , agreed .
but then zeus later changed their minds , revealing an unlucky omen to them.so tydeus and polyneices left .
on their way , they reached the river asopus , its lush grassy meadows full of reeds .
he found cadmeans feasting in large numbers in the palace , home of great eteocles .
though a stranger , all by himself in that cadmean crowd , chariot fighter tydeus was not afraid.he challenged them in various contests.athena helped , so he won them all with ease.horse-breaking cadmeans were upset with him.they organized a strong ambush against him as he returned—fifty young men , with two leaders , that godlike hero maeon , haemon 's son , and warlike polyphontes , son of autophonus .
but these men came to fatal shameful ends.for tydeus killed them , all but one .
he let maeon go home , sent him away , in obedience to an omen from the gods .
that 's the man aetolian tydeus was.but his son is a lesser man than he , though better when it comes to talking .
mighty diomedes did not reply to agamemnon 's words , shamed at the rebuke from a king whom he respected.but sthenelus , son of famous capaneus , answered :
son of atreus , do n't spread lies .
you know the truth.we claim we 're far better than our fathers.we captured thebes , city of seven gates , leading smaller forces over stronger walls , trusting signs sent by the gods and zeus ' aid.the others died through their own foolishness.so do n't give our fathers honours high as mine .
follow my advice .
for i 'm not hurt that agamemnon , the army 's shepherd , urges armed achaeans on to battle .
for he will get the glory , if achaeans annihilate the trojans and capture sacred ilion .
and he 'll get great sorrow , if achaeans are wiped out .
but come , let 's get our two minds workingto rouse our spirits for this coming fight .
then with his weapons he jumped from his chariot down to the ground .
around his chestthe bronze rang fearfully , as he moved into action , a sound to make even brave warriors afraid .
just as thundering ocean surf crashes on the sand , wave after wave , driven by the west wind 's power , one wave rising at sea , then booming down on shore , arching in crests and crashing down among the rocks , spewing salt foam , so then danaan ranks , row after row , moved out , spirits firmly set on war .
the rest marched on in silence .
you 'd never thinksuch a huge army could move out with its voice buried in those chests , in silent fear of their commanders .
as for the trojans , they were like thousands of ewesstanding in a rich man 's farm , bleating constantly , waiting for someone to come and collect white milk , as they hear lambs call .
they shared no words—they had no common language , but mixtures of tongues , with men from many lands .
with them came terror , fear , and tireless strife , sister and companion of man-destroying ares— at first small in stature , she later grows enormous , head reaching heaven , as she strides across the earth .
strife went through crowds of soldiers , casting hatredon both sides equally , multiplying human miseries .
when the two armies came to one common ground , they smashed into each other—shields , spears , fierce angry men encased in bronze .
studded shields bashed one another.a huge din arose—human cries of grief and triumph , those killing and those killed .
earth flowed with blood.just as streams swollen with melting snows pour out , flow down the hill into a pool , and meet some torrent from a great spring in a hollow gully there , and the shepherd in the distant hills hears the roar— so the shouts and turmoil resounded then from warriors , as they collided .
antilochus was the first to kill a man— a well-armed trojan warrior , echepolus , son of thalysius , a courageous man , who fought in the front ranks .
he hit his helmet crest , topped with horsehair plumes , spearing his forehead.the bronze point smashed straight through the frontal bone .
darkness hid his eyes and he collapsed , like a tower , falling down into that frenzied battle .
as he fell , powerful elephenor , son of chalcodon , courageous leader of the abantes , seized his feet , and started pulling him beyond the range of weapons , eager to strip him of his armour quickly .
but elephenor 's attempt did not go on for long.great-hearted agenor saw him drag the dead man.he stabbed elephenor with his bronze spear , right in his exposed side , where his shield left himvulnerable as he bent down .
over his dead body , trojans and achaeans kept fighting grimly on , attacking like wolves , man whirling against man .
then ajax , son of telamon , hit simoeisius , anthemion 's son , a fine young warrior .
while his mother was coming down mount ida , accompanying her parents to watch their flocks.that 's why the people called him simoeisius.but he did not repay his fond parents for raising him.his life was cut short on great ajax 's deadly spear .
he collapsed in the dust , like a poplar tree , one growing in a large well-watered meadow , from whose smooth trunk the branches grow up to the top , until a chariot builder 's bright axe topples it , bends the wood , to make wheel rims for a splendid chariot , letting the wood season by the riverbank .
that 's how godlike ajax chopped down simoeisius , son of anthemion .
then antiphus , priam 's son , with his shining helmet , hurled his sharp spear at ajaxthrough a crowd of men .
he missed ajax , but hit leucus , a brave companion of odysseus , in the groin , as he was dragging simoeisius away.his hands let go .
enraged at leucus ' slaughter , odysseus strode up , through the front ranks , armed in gleaming bronze .
looking round , he hurled his glittering spear.as he threw , trojans moved back , but the spear found a mark .
it hit democoön , priam 's bastard son , who 'd come from abydos , where he bred horses for their speed.angry for his friend , odysseus speared him in the temple .
he called out to the trojans , shouting :
charge ahead , you horse-taming trojans.do n't make argives happy .
once you strike at themit ca n't stop flesh-ripping bronze .
and achilles , son of lovely thetis , is n't in this fight.he 's sitting by his ships , nursing his anger .
athena tritogeneia , mighty zeus ' daughter , rushed among achaeans , urging companies on , if she saw men holding back , hesitant to fight .
death then came to diores , son of amarynceus.he was hit by a jagged rock on his right shin , beside the ankle .
he fell onto his back down in the dust.there he reached out with both hands for his companions.his spirit left his body with each gasp he took .
peirous , who 'd thrown the rock , ran up and speared his gut.his bowels spilled out onto the ground .
thoas moved in to close quarters , pulled the heavy spear out from his chest , drew his sharp sword , then drove it straight into the middle of his belly , destroying peirous ' life .
but thoas could n't stripthe armour off .
for peirous ' companions , thracian men whose hair is piled atop their heads , rallied round , holding out long spears , forcing thoasaway from them .
and so those two warriors lay stretched out in the dirt beside each other— one thracian chief , one captain of bronze-clad epeians .
at that point , no man who joined in the battle there could take it lightly , not even one who strolled unhurt through the middle of the fight , untouched by that sharp bronze , with pallas athena escorting him by hand , shielding him from flying weapons .
for on that day , many trojans and achaeans lay there side by side , stretched out together , face down in the dust .
then pallas athena gave diomedes , son of tydeus , strength and courage , so among all argives , he 'd stand out and win heroic glory .
she made his helmet blaze with tireless flames , his shield as well—like a late star in summer which shines especially bright , newly risen from its bath in ocean 's streams .
around his head and shoulders the goddess put a fiery glow , then drove him forward , right into the middle of the strife , the killing zone , where most warriors fight .
among the trojans was a rich and honorable man called dares , priest of hephaestus .
moving forward in their chariot to the front , these two charged diomedes , who was on foot , staying on the ground .
when they were at close range , phegeus was the first to hurl his long-shadowed spear .
the weapon did not leave his hand and miss the target .
it hit phegeus right between the nipplesand knocked him from his splendid chariot .
he did n't dare protect his slaughtered brother 's corpse.even so , he would n't have escaped black doom , but hephaestus saved him with a dark cloud cover , so his aged father would n't waste away with grief.tydeus ' son , great diomedes , drove the horses off , then gave them to his comrades to take back to the ships.when great-hearted trojans saw those two sons of dares— one shunning battle , one dead beside his chariot— all their hearts were stirred .
then athena , eyes glittering , took her brother , headstrong ares , by the hand , and said to him :
ares , ares , insatiable man-killer , destroyer of cities , why do n't we leavetrojans and achaeans to fight it out ? father zeus will make one group victorious.let 's withdraw , avoiding zeus ' anger .
with these words , she led headstrong ares from the battle , then sat him down by scamander river bank .
first , agamemnon , king of men , threw huge odius , chief of the halizoni , from his chariot .
his spear first struck him in the back , between the shoulder blades , as he turned to flee .
odius pitched forward with a thud , his armour rattling round him as he fell .
idomeneus slaughtered phaestus , son of borus , a meonian , who 'd come from fertile tarne.with his long spear , skillful idomeneus struck him in his right shoulder , as he climbed in his chariot.dreadful darkness came and gathered phaestus in.those attending idomeneus stripped the armour .
then with his sharp spear menelaus , son of atreus , killed scamandrius , son of strophius , a huntsman .
artemis herself had taught him how to shootevery animal raised in the mountain forests.but archer artemis was no help to him then , no more than was his expertise in archery , at which he 'd been pre-eminent in former times .
for fine spearman menelaus , son of atreus , caught him as he ran away in front of him , hitting him in the back between his shoulder blades , forcing the spear right through scamandrius ' chest.he fell head first .
meriones then killed phereclus , son of tecton , harmon 's son , whose hands could make fine objects of all sorts .
pallas athena had a special love for him.he was the one who 'd made well-balanced ships for paris at the start of all the trouble , bringing disaster on the trojans and on paris , too , for he was ignorant of what gods had decreed.meriones went after phereclus as he ran off , hurled his spear straight into his right buttock .
then meges killed pedaeus , antenor 's bastard son .
theano had raised him with all care , loving him as one of her own children , to please her husband .
that famous spearman meges , son of phyleus , coming up close , drove a sharp spear in his neck , into the nape behind his head .
the bronze point , slicing under his tongue , smashed through his teeth .
eurypylus , euaemon 's son , killed lord hypsenor , son of proud dolopion , scamander 's priest , a man honoured by his people as a god .
going quickly after him , eurypylus struck at hypsenor 's shoulder—his sharp sword sliced off hypsenor 's brawny arm .
then death 's black night , all-powerful fate , moved in and stole away his sight .
as for diomedes , you could n't tell where he belonged , whether among the trojans or achaeans.for he rushed across the plain like a swollen river , like a swift winter torrent bursting dikes— no dam put in its way can hold it back , no barrier of fruitful vineyards check its current , as all at once it floods when storms from zeus roar down .
that 's how the son of tydeusdrove the dense ranks of trojans into mass confusion .
for all their numbers they could not contain him .
lycaon 's fine son saw diomedes moving fastalong the plain , pushing trojan ranks in front of him , in complete disorder .
he quickly bent his bow , taking aim at diomedes .
the sharp arrow went in there , kept going , and splattered blood down on the curving metal .
at this lycaon 's noble son gave out a noisy shout :
i do n't think he 'll long survive my arrow 's force , if apollo , son of zeus , really was the onewho put it in my heart to leave lycia .
that 's what lycaon 's son cried out , boasting aloud .
but his sharp arrow had n't killed diomedes , who moved back to stand beside his chariot and horses.he called to sthenelus , son of capaneus .
my friend , son of capaneus , come on , get down from the chariot , so you can pullthis sharp arrow from my shoulder for me .
diomedes , expert in war cries , then spoke this prayer :
if you 've ever loved my father , stood by his side in murderous combat , be my friend now.grant that i kill this man , that i comea spear 's throw from the one who hit meunexpectedly and now boasts about it , saying i wo n't see daylight for much longer .
take courage , diomedes , in this fight with trojans.i 've put your father 's strength into your chest , that shield-bearing horseman 's fearless power.and i 've removed the filter from your eyeswhich covered them before , so now , you 'll easily distinguish gods from men.if a god comes here and stands against you , do n't offer to fight any deathless one , except for aphrodite , zeus ' daughter.if she fights , cut her with your sharp bronze .
diomedes charged off , joining at once those soldiers fighting in the front , his spirit on fire to battle trojans , seized by frenzy three times greater than before .
he was like a lionslightly hurt by a shepherd guarding his sheep flock out in the wilds , when it jumps the wall into the pen .
but he 's not killed it .
the wound rouses the beast 's strength.the shepherd ca n't keep the charging lion from his sheep , who , left unguarded , panic .
so the lion , in his hot rage , leaps over the wide sheep-fold wall.that 's how strong diomedes went to fight the trojans in his angry fury .
first he killed astynous , and then hypeiron , a shepherd of his people.his bronze spear hit one right above the nipple .
his huge sword struck the other on the collar , by the shoulder , slicing through the shoulder bone , severing it from hypeiron 's neck and back.he left them there , to chase abas and polyidus , sons of old eurydamas , interpreter of dreams.the old man did n't visit them to explain their dreams , for mighty diomedes slaughtered both of them .
then diomedes went after xanthus and thoön , two sons of phaenops , both of whom he loved .
worn down by sad old age , he 'd have no other child , no person to inherit all his property.diomedes killed them , took the life they loved , leaving bitter grief and anguish for their father , who would n't welcome them back home from war alive .
diomedes then challenged two sons of priam , son of dardanus , both in a single chariot— echemmon and chromius .
just as a lionleaps onto cattle and snaps necks on the cows , some heifer grazing in the bushes , so tydeus 's son knocked them out of their chariot viciously , against their will .
he met lycaon 's son , a fine and powerful man .
standing close by , aeneas said to him :
pandarus , where 's your bow , your feathered arrows , your reputation as a splendid archer ? no man can match your expertise in that.no one in lycia can claim to be your better.come , raise your hands in prayer to zeus , then shoot an arrow at that man , whose force now dominates the field , hurting trojans badly , hacking limbs from many fine young men , unless , of course , it is some angry god , displeased with trojans ' sacrificial gifts .
aeneas , counselor to bronze-armed trojans , from all i see , i think that man must bethe warlike son of tydeus .
i 'm not surehe 's not a god .
but if he 's the mani think he is , the fierce son of tydeus , he could not be charging at us in this way without help from some god beside him , an immortal with a covering cloudaround his shoulders , the god who pushed asidethat sharp arrow which struck diomedes .
for i 've already shot an arrow at him , hit his shoulder through that moulded armour.i thought i 'd shipped him straight to hades.but i did n't kill him .
but we 've no horses here , no chariot for me to chase him in .
in storage in lycaon 's house somewhere there are eleven chariots , new ones , too .
beside each one
stand pairs of horses , munching wheat and barley.when i was coming here , old soldier lycaon , in his well-built home , gave me much advice.he told me to take chariots and horses when i lead trojans into the hot heart of war.but i did n't follow his advice .
if i had , things would have been much better for me.but i worried about the horses—they 'd lack foragewith so many men all crammed together , and they were used to eating very well.i left them and came to troy to fight on foot , relying on my expertise in archery.but that skill is apparently of little use.for already i 've hit two of their best men , tydeus ' son and the son of atreus .
i 've drawn blood from both of them , it 's true , but that just made them much more dangerous.it was a evil time , that day i tookmy curved bow off its peg to lead my lycians to lovely troy , a favour for prince hector .
if i get home and see with my own eyes my native land , my wife , my large and lofty home , let someone chop my head off on the spot , if i do n't smash this bow with my own handsand throw the pieces in the blazing fire.for me it 's been completely useless .
do n't talk like that .
things wo n't change at alluntil the two of us go out to challengediomedes with a chariot and horses , until we confront him with our weapons.come , get in my chariot .
then you 'll see how good these horses are from troas ' stock , skilled in rapid movement on the plain , in all directions , in pursuit or in retreat .
this pair will take us safely to the city , should zeus give victory to diomedes .
let 's go .
take the whip and glistening reins.i 'll leave you the horses , so i can fight.or if you fight him , i 'll control the horses .
aeneas , you should take the reins yourself , guide your own horses—for they will pullyour curving chariot that much betterwith a driver they 're accustomed to , if we must flee tydeus ' son this time.if they miss your voice , they may shy or panic , or refuse to charge straight into battle.then the son of great-hearted tydeusin his attack may kill us both , and leadthese swift horses off .
i 'll do battle with him—my spear will give him a sharp welcome .
they finished talking , climbed up together , and set off , riding out in a fine chariot , both keen to kill , driving the swift horses against tydeus ' son .
diomedes , son of tydeus , my heart'strue friend , i see two men approaching , eager to attack you , two powerful men , an outstanding team .
one 's pandarus , the skillful archer , who boasts he 's lycaon 's son.the other is aeneas , proud anchises ' son , that 's his claim .
his mother 's aphrodite.so come , let 's retire with the horses , in case our quick charge through front lines ends up costing you your precious life .
do n't talk of moving back .
for i know well
as they talked to each other of their strategy , the fast horses quickly brought the two men closer.lycaon 's worthy son spoke first , shouting out :
great spirited , warlike son of tydeus , that noble man , i see that my sharp arrow , a bitter shaft , did not destroy you.so now i 'll try to hit you with my spear .
you won ’ t last long.i think you 've given me a glorious triumph .
you 're wrong .
you have n't hit me .
in my view , this matter wo n't end for the two of you , until one of you falls dead , and his bloodsatisfies in full hard warlike ares .
that said , he threw his spear .
pandarus fell from the chariot , his brightly shining armour rattling round him .
the swiftly running horses swerved aside.then and there his life-force , his spirit , left him .
aeneas then leapt down with his long spear and shield , fearing achaeans would somehow haul away the corpse .
he held his spear in front , his round shield , too , with fearful shouts , fiercely eager to kill anyone who came up to confront him.the son of tydeus picked up a stone , a massive rock which no two men now alive could lift .
it hit aeneas ' hip , where thigh meets pelvis , what people call the hip joint.the boulder smashed the socket and both tendons round it.the rough edges on the rock scraped off his skin.falling to his knees , warlike aeneas stayed down , supporting himself with his strong hand on the ground.black night came down and covered both his eyes .
aeneas , king of men , would have perished there , if aphrodite , zeus ' daughter , had n't seen him right away .
meanwhile , sthenelus , son of capaneus , did not forget what diomedes , skilled in war cries , told him .
he pulled his sure-footed horses to one side , beyond the fight , tying the reins onto the rail , and then went after those fine-maned horses of aeneas.he drove the animals away from trojan lines towards well-armed achaeans .
there he gave them to his dear companion deïpylus , whom he esteemedabove all others the same age as himself , since they both thought alike .
then brave sthenelusclimbed back into his chariot , grabbed the shining reins , and raced the strong horses back , keen to rejoin diomedes .
but diomedes with his ruthless bronze had gone to run down aphrodite—knowing she was not a godwho could do much in battle , not one of those who control men 's wars .
she was no athena , no goddess strife , who destroys whole cities .
when he met her , great-hearted tydeus ' son charged , lunging with his sharp spear at aphrodite .
immortal divine fluid then flowed out , ichor , which circulates only in the blessed gods.they do n't eat food or drink down gleaming wine .
daughter of zeus , leave war and fights alone .
is n't it enough for you to fool around with feeble women ?
if you start loitering on the battlefield , i think the war will make you shake with terror , even though you learn about it from a distance .
aphrodite left in agony , distressed and fearful .
wind-swift iris came to her , led her off , out of the crowd , moaning in pain , her fair skin stained with blood .
she came across fierce ares , seated on the left flank of the fight , his spear and his fast horses resting on a cloud.falling on her knees , she implored her dear brother , pleading hard for his golden-bridled horses :
dear brother , save me .
give me your horses , so i may go back up to mount olympus , the immortals ' home .
my wound pains me a lot.a mortal man inflicted this wound on me , tydeus ' son , who 'd now fight father zeus himself .
at this , ares gave her his golden-bridled horses.she climbed up in the chariot , her fond heart suffering .
they flew on willingly.at once they reached the gods ' home , steep olympus.there wind-swift iris stopped the horses , untied themfrom the chariot , and gave them heavenly fodder.aphrodite threw herself into her mother 's lap , divine dione , who took her daughter in her arms , caressed her with her hand , then said :
proud diomedes , son of tydeus , wounded me , for i was carrying offaeneas , my dear son , away from battle.of all men , he 's the one i love the most.now grim war is not just trojans and achaeans , for danaans fight against immortals , too .
many of us living on olympus have been hurt by men in our attempts to bring harsh troubles on each other.ares suffered , too , when mighty otusand ephialtes , children of aloëus , tied him up in powerful manacles , then kept him prisoner in a brass jarfor thirteen months .
ares would 've died there , with all his war-lust , if their step-mother , fair eëriboea , had not told hermes.he stole ares secretly .
hera suffered , as well , when hercules , the powerful son of amphitryon , hit her right breast with a three-barbed arrow.she was wracked by pain beyond all cure .
with them huge hades also sufferedfrom a sharp arrow , when this same man , this hercules , a son of aegis-bearing zeus , shot him in pylos , among the corpses there , inflicting pain .
as she said this , with her hand dione cleaned away the ichoron aphrodite 's wrist , healing the hand , curing aphrodite of her pain .
looking on , athena and hera teased zeus , son of cronos :
father zeus , you wo n't get angry with me for what i say , will you ?
aphrodite , trying to coax some new achaean womaninto running off with one of those trojansshe loves so much , must have been caressingsome well-dressed achaean lady and scratchedher delicate hand on a golden brooch .
as the gods talked the matter over with each other , diomedes , expert at war cries , sought out aeneas .
though he knew apollo himself was shielding him , he had no fear at all of that great god , pushing on to kill aeneas , then strip his fine armour from him.three times he charged forward , in a frenzy for the kill.three times apollo pushed back his shining shield.but when for the fourth time he came on like a god , apollo , the far shooter , in a terrifying voice , cried out :
take care , son of tydeus .
go back.do n't think you 're equal to the gods.the race of men who walk upon the groundcan never match the race of deathless gods .
at these words , the son of tydeus drew back somewhat , avoiding the anger of apollo , the far shooter.apollo put aeneas some distance from the fight , on sacred pergamus , where his temple stood .
there , in the large shrine , leto and artemis , the archer goddess , healed aeneas , restoring him to his former power and magnificence .
apollo of the silver bow then made an image , a copy of aeneas , with matching armour , around which trojans and brave achaeans fought , hacking away at ox-hide covering their chests , at the round shields or smaller shields with fringes .
murderous ares went in among the trojan ranks , inspiring the troops.in the shape of acamas , thracian leader , he yelled at priam 's royal sons :
you sons of priam , that god-nurtured king , why are you still allowing the achaeans to keep slaughtering your troops ?
are you waitinguntil they fight by the well-built city gates ? there lies great-hearted anchises ' son , aeneas , whom we honour as we do prince hector .
come , let 's save our brave comrade from the battle roar .
hector , where 's that courage you used to have ?
you kept claiming you could guard the city on your own , without your people or your allies , using your own family and relatives.looking round now , i ca n't see them here , any of them .
those of uswho 've come as allies , we do all the fighting.i marched here as an ally , traveling far , for lycia is a long , long way from here , by the swirling river xanthus , where i leftmy dear wife , my infant son , much property , something poor men covet .
but for all that , i urge my lycian troops to action , i stand and fight all comers on my own , when i 've nothing for the enemy to take .
waving two sharp spears , he roamed through all the army , rousing men to fight , steeling hearts for dreadful war.troops rallied once more and turned to face achaeans .
argives , too , stood firm .
the men did not withdraw .
as on the sacred threshing floor wind blows the chaff , while men stand winnowing the crop , when demeter , with her golden hair , separates the grain from chaff in the rushing breeze , and piles of chaff grow whiter , so then achaean troops grew white , covered with duststirred up by horses ' hooves .
so the chariots came on to battle once again , wheeled round by drivers ' strong ferocious hands .
headstrong ares assisted trojans in the battle , concealing them in darkness , roaming everywhere , carrying out his orders from phoebus apollo , god with the golden sword , who 'd told him to arouse the trojans ' spirits when he saw pallas athena leave the fighting , for she was helping the danaans .
apollo then sent aeneas from his costly shrine , putting fighting strength into this warrior 's heart , his people 's shepherd .
aeneas rejoined his friends , who were overjoyed to see him safe and sound—alive—approaching with brave spirits .
they had too much other work at hand to do .
then the two ajaxes , odysseus , and diomedes roused danaans , urging them to battle .
they did not fear the trojans ' powerful attack and stood their ground like clouds set in place by zeus , son of cronos , above a range of mountain peaks on a windless day , quite motionless , while the force of north wind and other raging blasts is sound asleep .
when these storm winds blow , they scatter shadowy clouds.that 's the way danaans held their positions then , without flinching , without fear .
my friends , be men .
let courage fill your hearts.in the heat of battle remember honour , each man 's reputation .
he hit a good fighting man , comrade to aeneas , great-hearted deïcoön , son of pergasus , whom trojans honoured as they did king priam 's sons , for he was quick to take his place among the best , the men who do their fighting at the very front .
mighty agamemnon 's spear struck against his shield , but the shield could not hold out—the bronze went through , piercing deïcoön 's belt and sinking in his gut.he fell with a thud , his armour rattling round him .
then aeneas killed two of the best danaans , crethon and orsilochus , whose father livedin well-built phere , a man of property , descended from the river alpheus , whose broad streamsflow through pylian land .
the river bore orsilochus , king of many men , and orsilochus fathered great-hearted diocles , to whom were born twin sons ,
war-loving menelaus felt pity for these two , seeing them die .
he made his way through the men 's front ranks , armed in glittering bronze , brandishing his spear .
he hurried through the foremost ranks , in his concernfor this shepherd of the people , that if he came to grief , all their efforts would be completely futile.menelaus and aeneas , now faced each other , with eager hands and spears , ready to begin the fight.but when antilochus stood by menelaus , aeneas , though a swift fighter , started to withdraw , seeing these two men standing their ground together .
so menelaus and antilochus dragged the corpsesof crethon and orsilochus to achaean troops , placed the two dead heroes in the hands of friends , then turned back to fight with those in the front ranks .
antilochus and menelaus then killed pylaemenes , a man like ares , leader of the paphlagonians , great-hearted , shield-bearing men .
the son of atreus , famous spearman menelaus , struck him , as he stood up in his chariot , hitting him right on his collar bone .
antilochus hit mydon , atymnius ' noble son , the attendant driver , as he was wheeling his sure-footed horses round.he struck him with a rock square on the elbow .
he ran against them , shouting wildly , with strong trojan soldiers in support.leading these men came ares along with fearful strife , bringing war 's pitiless and murderous confusion .
ares worked with a huge spear in his hands , moving round , sometimes behind hector , sometimes in front of him.when diomedes , skilled in war cries , noticed ares , he shuddered—just a man crossing a large plainstops at a raging river rushing to the sea , looks helplessly at swirling foam , and moves away—so tydeus ' son backed off then , saying to his men :
but he 's always got some god beside him , to ward off destruction .
right now , it 's areshe 's has with him , looking like a mortal man.stay turned towards the trojans , but fall back.do n't try to fight it out with gods .
trojans then approached much closer.hector killed two men , keen warriors—menesthesand anchialus—both riding in a single chariot .
begin , muse , when the two first broke and clashed , agamemnon lord of men and brilliant achilles .
what god drove them to fight with such a fury ? apollo the son of zeus and leto .
incensed at the king he swept a fatal plague through the army — men were dying and all because agamemnon spurned apollo 's priest . yes , chryses approached the achaeans ' fast ships to win his daughter back , bringing a priceless ransom and bearing high in hand , wound on a golden staff , the wreaths of the god , the distant deadly archer .
may the gods who hold the halls of olympus give you priam 's city to plunder , then safe passage home . just set my daughter free , my dear one . here , accept these gifts , this ransom .
honor the god who strikes from worlds away — the son of zeus , apollo !
the king dismissed the priest with a brutal order ringing in his ears : never again , old man , let me catch sight of you by the hollow ships !
the girl — i wo n't give up the girl . long before that , old age will overtake her in my house , in argos , far from her fatherland , slaving back and forth at the loom , forced to share my bed !
now go , do n't tempt my wrath — and you may depart alive .
rage — goddess , sing the rage of peleus ' son achilles , murderous , doomed , that cost the achaeans countless losses , hurling down to the house of death so many sturdy souls , great fighters ' souls , but made their bodies carrion , feasts for the dogs and birds , and the will of zeus was moving toward its end .
god of the silver bow who strides the walls of chryse and cilia sacrosanct — lord in power of tenedos — smintheus , god of the plague ! if i ever roofed a shrine to please your heart , ever burned the long rich bones of bulls and goats on your holy altar , now , now bring my prayer to pass . pay the danaans back — your arrows for my tears !
his prayer went up and phoebus apollo heard him . down he strode from olympus ' peaks , storming at heart with his bow and hooded quiver slung across his shoulders . the arrows clanged at his back as the god quaked with rage , the god himself on the march and down he came like night .
first he went for the mules and circling dogs but then , launching a piercing shaft at the men themselves , he cut them down in droves — and the corpse-fires burned on , night and day , no end in sight .
on the tenth achilles called all ranks to muster — the impulse seized him , sent by white-armed hera grieving to see achaean fighters drop and die .
once they 'd gathered , crowding the meeting grounds , the swift runner achilles rose and spoke among them : son of atreus , now we are beaten back , i fear , the long campaign is lost . so home we sail .
but wait : let us question a holy man , a prophet , even a man skilled with dreams — dreams as well can come our way from zeus — come , someone to tell us why apollo rages so , whether he blames us for a vow we failed , or sacrifice .
if only the god would share the smoky savor of lambs and full-grown goats , apollo might be willing , still , somehow , to save us from this plague.so he proposed and down he sat again as calchas rose among them , thestor 's son , the clearest by far of all the seers who scan the flight of birds .
he knew all things that are , all things that are past and all that are to come , the seer who had led the argive ships to troy with the second sight that god apollo gave him .
you order me to explain apollo 's anger , the distant deadly archer ? i will tell it all .
but strike a pact with me , swear you will defend me with all your heart , with words and strength of hand .
for there is a man i will enrage — i see it now — a powerful man who lords it over all the argives , one the achaeans must obey .
will you save me ?
how to exalt achilles ?
what do you want ?
and i swear by apollo dear to zeus , the power you pray to , calchas , when you reveal god 's will to the argives — no one , not while i am alive and see the light on earth , no one will lay his heavy hands on you by the hollow ships .
so that day the prophet revealed the future — and now , look , by god , it all comes to pass !
the god 's enraged because agamemnon spurned his priest , he refused to free his daughter , he refused the ransom . that 's why the archer sends us pains and he will send us more and never drive this shameful destruction from the argives , not till we give back the girl with sparkling eyes to her loving father — no price , no ransom paid — and carry a sacred hundred bulls to chryse town .
then we can calm the god , and only then appease him .
so he declared and sat down .
but among them rose the fighting son of atreus , lord of the far-flung kingdoms , agamemnon — furious , his dark heart filled to the brim , blazing with anger now , his eyes like searing fire .
do as you please — but none of the deathless gods will ever praise you .
then — then you will tear your heart out , desperate , raging that you disgraced the best of the achaeans !
never a word that works to my advantage !
now , again , you divine god 's will for the armies , bruit it about , as fact , why the deadly archer multiplies our pains : because i , i refused that glittering price for the young girl chryseis .
i rank her higher than clytemnestra , my wedded wife — she 's nothing less in build or breeding , in mind or works of hand . but i am willing to give her back , even so , if that is best for all . what i really want is to keep my people safe , not see them dying .
that would be a disgrace . you are all witness , look — my prize is snatched away !
but the swift runner achilles answered him at once , just how , agamemnon , great field marshal .
most grasping man alive , how can the generous argives give you prizes now ?
no time for rest .
that 's what it is , and it will be unbearable if the two of you must come to blows this way , flinging the gods in chaos just for mortal men .
so return the girl to the god , at least for now .
we achaeans will pay you back , three , four times over , if zeus will grant us the gift , somehow , someday , to raze troy 's massive ramparts to the ground .
and you , achilles , never hope to fight it out with your king , pitting force against his force : no one can match the honors dealt a king , you know , a sceptered king to whom great zeus gives glory .
to cling to your own prize while i sit calmly by — empty-handed here ? is that why you order me to give her back ? no — if our generous argives will give me a prize , a match for my desires , equal to what i 've lost , well and good .
now come , we haul a black ship down to the bright sea , gather a decent number of oarsmen along her locks and put aboard a sacrifice , and chryseis herself , in all her beauty .
ajax , idomeneus , trusty odysseus or you , achilles , you — the most violent man alive — so you can perform the rites for us and calm the god yourself .
my honors never equal yours , whenever we sack some wealthy trojan stronghold — my arms bear the brunt of the raw , savage fighting , true , but when it comes to dividing up the plunder the lion 's share is yours , and back i go to my ships , clutching some scrap , some pittance that i love , when i have fought to exhaustion .
the trojans never did me damage , not in the least , they never stole my cattle or my horses , never in phthia where the rich soil breeds strong men did they lay waste my crops .
that fool — he rewarded all his kindness with abuse , never gave him the mares he 'd come so far to win .
let hector call you a coward , scorn your courage — the trojan and dardan troops will never believe him , nor will the wives of the lusty trojan shieldsmen , never — you flung their lords in the dust , laid them low in their prime !
we 'll fight again tomorrow — until some fatal power decides between us both , handing victory down to one side or the other .
yes , they fail to fulfill their promise sworn that day they sailed here from the stallion-land of argos : that not until you had razed the rugged walls of troy would they sail home again .
and king agamemnon took his lead , saluting : again , old man , you outfight the argives in debate !
i will never beg you to stay , not on my account .
but come , while i strap my battle-armor on , all of you pray to cronus ' son , almighty zeus .
you — i hate you most of all the warlords loved by the gods .
so much the better if i had .
i will never rise in their defense , not against you — i 'd never grudge your pleasure .
then , what 's more , if you fail to sack the city , you will know if the will of god 's to blame or the cowardice of your men — inept in battle .
first by far agamemnon lord of men sprang up and following him tydides , powerful diomedes , next the great and little ajax armed in fury , idomeneus after them and idomeneus ' good aide , meriones , a match for the butcher god of war , eurypylus after them , euaemon 's gallant son , thoas son of andraemon , odysseus out for exploit : all were roused to go up against prince hector .
as his racing spirit veered back and forth , just as he drew his huge blade from its sheath , down from the vaulting heavens swept athena , the white-armed goddess hera sped her down : hera loved both men and cared for both alike .
we embark her too .
but soon as the white-armed goddess hera saw them mauling argive units caught in the bloody press , she winged her words at pallas : what disaster !
achilles lets it go .
child of zeus with the shield of thunder , why come now ?
it 's too soon to see agamemnon 's purpose clearly .
i tell you this , and so help me it 's the truth — he 'll soon pay for his arrogance with his life !
tell me , please .
the white-armed goddess hera sped me down : she loves you both , she cares for you both alike .
do n't lay hand to sword . lash him with threats of the price that he will face . and i tell you this — and i know it is the truth — one day glittering gifts will lie before you , three times over to pay for all his outrage .
our goddess of love — i 'd swear she 's just been rousing another argive , another beauty to pant and lust for trojans , those men the goddess loves to such despair .
yielding is far better .
better for him by far . if a man obeys the gods they 're quick to hear his prayers . and with that achilles stayed his burly hand on the silver hilt and slid the huge blade back in its sheath .
cronus ' son has trapped me in madness , blinding ruin — zeus is a harsh , cruel god .
never once did you arm with the troops and go to battle or risk an ambush packed with achaea 's picked men — you lack the courage , you can see death coming .
safer by far , you find , to foray all through camp , commandeering the prize of any man who speaks against you .
you with your coward 's heart , your men dying round you !
by this , this scepter , look , that never again will put forth crown and branches , now it 's left its stump on the mountain ridge forever , nor will it sprout new green again , now the brazen ax has stripped its bark and leaves , and now the sons of achaea pass it back and forth as they hand their judgments down , upholding the honored customs whenever zeus commands — this scepter will be the mighty force behind my oath : someday , i swear , a yearning for achilles will strike achaea 's sons and all your armies !
even so , it is less the pain of the trojans still to come that weighs me down , not even of hecuba herself or king priam , or the thought that my own brothers in all their numbers , all their gallant courage , may tumble in the dust , crushed by enemies — that is nothing , nothing beside your agony when some brazen argive hales you off in tears , wrenching away your day of light and freedom !
a flash , a sudden hurl and atrides speared a champion out in front — it was prince aeneas ' comrade-in-arms deicoon , pergasus ' son the trojans prized like priam 's sons , quick as he always was to join the forward ranks .
but he kept shouting at agamemnon , spewing his abuse : still moaning and groaning , mighty atrides — why now ?
sweeter than honey from his tongue the voice flowed on and on .
two generations of mortal men he had seen go down by now , those who were born and bred with him in the old days , in pylos ' holy realm , and now he ruled the third .
but on came hector 's team in the rush-and-buck of battle , sweeping their driver hector on in fighting-fury and then and there old nestor would have died if diomedes had not marked him fast — the lord of the war cry gave a harrowing shout , trying to rouse odysseus : where are you running , the royal son of laertes , cool tactician ?
you are both younger than i , and in my time i struck up with better men than you , even you , but never once did they make light of me .
and those who held arcadia under cyllene 's peak , near aepytus ' ancient tomb where men fight hand-to-hand , men who lived in pheneos and orchomenos rife with sheep , stratia , rhipe and enispe whipped by the sudden winds , men who settled tegea , mantinea 's inviting country , men who held stymphalus , men who ruled parrhasia — the son of ancaeus led them , powerful agapenor with sixty ships in all , and aboard each vessel crowded full arcadian companies skilled in war .
fearless bellerophon killed them all .
fight this way , if the argives still obey you , then you can see which captain is a coward , which contingent too , and which is loyal , brave , since they will fight in separate formations of their own .
so now you listen too .
whatever is right for you to hear , no one , trust me , will know of it before you , neither god nor man .
her brother ares gave her the golden-bridled team .
but capaneus ' son did not forget the commands the lord of the war cry put him under .
never — others will take my side and do me honor , zeus above all , whose wisdom rules the world .
but hera could hold the anger in her breast no longer , suddenly bursting out , dread majesty , son of cronus , what are you saying ?
so all can reap the benefits of their king — so even mighty atrides can see how mad he was to disgrace achilles , the best of the achaeans !
but king agamemnon answered him in haste , true , old man — all you say is fit and proper — but this soldier wants to tower over the armies , he wants to rule over all , to lord it over all , give out orders to every man in sight .
and still i could never swear he 's not a god .
what if the everlasting gods have made a spearman of him ?
we all recall that moment — who could forget it ?
you 'd be the first to lash out at another — anywhere — you saw hanging back from this , this hateful war .
do n't you see ?
never again , i trust , will achilles yield to you . and i tell you this — take it to heart , i warn you — my hands will never do battle for that girl , neither with you , king , nor any man alive . you achaeans gave her , now you 've snatched her back .
but all the rest i possess beside my fast black ship — not one bit of it can you seize against my will , atrides .
but soon as his son tlepolemus came of age in heracles ' well-built palace walls the youngster abruptly killed his father 's uncle — the good soldier licymnius , already up in years — and quickly fitting ships , gathering partisans , he fled across the sea with threats of the sons and the sons ' sons of heracles breaking at his back .
agamemnon had a vessel hauled down to the sea , he picked out twenty oarsmen to man her locks , put aboard the cattle for sacrifice to the god and led chryseis in all her beauty amidships .
they scoured it off , threw scourings in the surf and sacrificed to apollo full-grown bulls and goats along the beaten shore of the fallow barren sea and savory smoke went swirling up the skies .
so the men were engaged throughout the camp . but king agamemnon would not stop the quarrel , the first threat he hurled against achilles . he called talthybius and eurybates briskly , his two heralds , ready , willing aides : go to achilles ' lodge .
listen to me .
but rouse this fellow , wo n't you ?
he sent them off with the strict order ringing in their ears . against their will the two men made their way along the breaking surf of the barren salt sea and reached the myrmidon shelters and their ships . they found him beside his lodge and black hull , seated grimly — and achilles took no joy when he saw the two approaching .
a hushed silence went through all the achaean ranks , ashamed to refuse , afraid to take his challenge .
so he advised .
good heralds of zeus and men , here , come closer .
i do n't blame you .
go , patroclus , prince , bring out the girl and hand her to them so they can take her back .
he passed them on to deipylus , a friend-in-arms he prized beyond all comrades his own age — their minds worked as one — to drive to the ships as sthenelus mounted behind his own chariot now , seized the glittering reins and whipped his team , his strong-hoofed horses ahead at breakneck speed , rearing , plunging to overtake his captain diomedes but he with his ruthless bronze was hunting aphrodite — diomedes , knowing her for the coward goddess she is , none of the mighty gods who marshal men to battle , neither athena nor enyo raider of cities , not at all .
he lacks the sense to see a day behind , a day ahead , and safeguard the achaeans battling by the ships . patroclus obeyed his great friend 's command . he led briseis in all her beauty from the lodge and handed her over to the men to take away .
reaching out his arms , again and again he prayed to his dear mother : mother !
and i was the first , mother , i urged them all , 'appease the god at once !
you do n't look right or left .
atreus ' son agamemnon , for all his far-flung kingdoms — the man disgraces me , seizes and keeps my prize , he tears her away himself !
so he prayed and the father filled with pity , seeing atrides weep .
so he wept and prayed and his noble mother heard him , seated near her father , the old man of the sea in the salt green depths . suddenly up she rose from the churning surf like mist and settling down beside him as he wept , stroked achilles gently , whispering his name , my child — why in tears ?
what sorrow has touched your heart ?
love me as you do , you ca n't persuade me now .
he broke off and anguish gripped achilles .
what should he do ?
we raided thebe once , eetion 's sacred citadel , we ravaged the place , hauled all the plunder here and the armies passed it round , share and share alike , and they chose the beauty chryseis for agamemnon .
he begged the whole achaean army but most of all the two supreme commanders , atreus ' two sons , and all ranks of achaeans cried out their assent , 'respect the priest , accept the shining ransom ! but it brought no joy to the heart of agamemnon , our high and mighty king dismissed the priest with a brutal order ringing in his ears .
did n't we all hear his plan in secret council ?
the son of tydeus killed the two of them on the spot , he ripped the dear life out of both and left their father tears and wrenching grief .
but the old seer who knew the cause full well revealed the will of the archer god apollo .
soaring up with the clouds to the broad sweeping sky he quickly gained the gods ' stronghold , steep olympus , and settling down by the side of cronus ' great son zeus , his spirit racked with pain , ares displayed the blood , the fresh immortal blood that gushed from his wound , and burst out in a flight of self-pity : father zeus , are n't you incensed to see such violent brutal work ?
polypoetes braced for battle killed astyalus — winging his bronze spear odysseus slew pidytes bred in percote , and teucer did the same for the royal aretaon — ablerus went down too , under the flashing lance of nestor 's son antilochus , and elatus under the lord of men agamemnon 's strength — elatus lived by the banks of rippling satniois , in pedasus perched on cliffs — the hero leitus ran phylacus down to ground at a dead run and eurypylus killed melanthius outright — but menelaus lord of the war cry had caught adrestus alive .
and thetis answered , bursting into tears , o my son , my sorrow , why did i ever bear you ?
why so much grief for me ?
not even if you mean agamemnon here who now claims to be , by far , the best of the achaeans.the seer took heart and this time he spoke out , bravely : beware — he casts no blame for a vow we failed , a sacrifice .
and so i will try to tell you something .
if only we , we gods who defend the argives had the will to hurl the trojans back and hold off thundering zeus — there he would sit and smolder , throned in desolate splendor up on ida .
no one at all to fear .
that day the olympians tried to chain him down , hera , poseidon lord of the sea , and pallas athena — you rushed to zeus , dear goddess , broke those chains , quickly ordered the hundred-hander to steep olympus , that monster whom the immortals call briareus
but in twelve days the father returns to olympus .
with that vow his mother went away and left him there , alone , his heart inflamed for the sashed and lovely girl they 'd wrenched away from him against his will .
meanwhile odysseus drew in close to chryse island , bearing the splendid sacrifice in the vessel 's hold .
and once they had entered the harbor deep in bays they furled and stowed the sail in the black ship , they lowered the mast by the forestays , smoothly , quickly let it down on the forked mast-crutch and rowed her into a mooring under oars .
out went the bow-stones — cables fast astern — and the crew themselves swung out in the breaking surf , leading out the sacrifice for the archer god apollo , and out of the deep-sea ship chryseis stepped too .
then tactful odysseus led her up to the altar , placing her in her loving father 's arms , and said , chryses , the lord of men agamemnon sent me here to bring your daughter back and perform a sacrifice , a grand sacrifice to apollo — for all achaea 's sake — so we can appease the god who 's loosed such grief and torment on the argives .
that man is atreus ' son agamemnon , lord of empires , both a mighty king and a strong spearman too , and he used to be my kinsman , whore that i am !
so then , when those terrible , monstrous omens burst in on the victims we were offering to the gods , calchas swiftly revealed the will of zeus : 'why struck dumb now , my long-haired achaeans ?
at once the men arranged the sacrifice for apollo , making the cattle ring his well-built altar , then they rinsed their hands and took up barley .
god of the silver bow who strides the walls of chryse and cilla sacrosanct — lord in power of tenedos !
hector , i urge you first of all — do as i tell you .
if you honored me last time and heard my prayer and rained destruction down on all achaea 's ranks , now bring my prayer to pass once more .
his prayer went up and phoebus apollo heard him .
and soon as the men had prayed and flung the barley , first they lifted back the heads of the victims , slit their throats , skinned them and carved away the meat from the thighbones and wrapped them in fat , a double fold sliced clean and topped with strips of flesh .
and the old man burned these over dried split wood and over the quarters poured out glistening wine while young men at his side held five-pronged forks . once they had burned the bones and tasted the organs they cut the rest into pieces , pierced them with spits , roasted them to a turn and pulled them off the fire .
when they had put aside desire for food and drink , the young men brimmed the mixing bowls with wine and tipping first drops for the god in every cup they poured full rounds for all . and all day long they appeased the god with song , raising a ringing hymn to the distant archer god who drives away the plague , those young achaean warriors singing out his power , and apollo listened , his great heart warm with joy .
then when the sun went down and night came on they made their beds and slept by the stern-cables .
but now as the twelfth dawn after this shone clear the gods who live forever marched home to olympus , all in a long cortege , and zeus led them on .
the archer sent them a bracing following wind , they stepped the mast , spread white sails wide , the wind hit full and the canvas bellied out and a dark blue wave , foaming up at the bow , sang out loud and strong as the ship made way , skimming the whitecaps , cutting toward her goal . and once offshore of achaea 's vast encampment they eased her in and hauled the black ship high , far up on the sand , and shored her up with timbers . then they scattered , each to his own ship and shelter .
now he no longer haunted the meeting grounds where men win glory , now he no longer went to war but day after day he ground his heart out , waiting there , yearning , always yearning for battle cries and combat .
and thetis did not forget her son 's appeals . she broke from a cresting wave at first light and soaring up to the broad sky and mount olympus , found the son of cronus gazing down on the world , peaks apart from the other gods and seated high on the topmost crown of rugged ridged olympus .
she sat in silence .
and crouching down at his feet , quickly grasping his knees with her left hand , her right hand holding him underneath the chin , she prayed to the lord god zeus , the son of cronus : zeus , father zeus ! if i ever served you well among the deathless gods with a word or action , bring this prayer to pass : honor my son achilles !
and now the lord of men agamemnon has disgraced him , seizes and keeps his prize , tears her away himself .
but you — exalt him , olympian zeus : your urgings rule the world !
now the trojans .
then , yes , when the king could see the man 's power at last , a true son of the gods , he pressed him hard to stay , he offered his own daughter 's hand in marriage , he gave him half his royal honors as the king .
those two alone , athena and hera , sat apart from zeus — not a word would they send his way , not a question .
but thetis , clasping his knees , held on , clinging , pressing her question once again : grant my prayer , once and for all .
nothing i said was meant in earnest — trust me , i mean you all the good will in the world .
she will provoke me , she with her shrill abuse . even now in the face of all the immortal gods she harries me perpetually , hera charges me that i always go to battle for the trojans .
i will bring it all to pass .
look , i will bow my head if that will satisfy you .
that , i remind you , that among the immortal gods is the strongest , truest sign that i can give .
no word or work of mine — nothing can be revoked , there is no treachery , nothing left unfinished once i bow my head to say it shall be done .
and zeus the son of cronus bowed his craggy dark brows and the deathless locks came pouring down from the thunderhead of the great immortal king and giant shock waves spread through all olympus .
so the two of them made their pact and parted . deep in the sea she dove from radiant mount olympus . zeus went back to his own halls , and all the gods in full assembly rose from their seats at once to meet the father striding toward them now .
but hera knew it all . she had seen how thetis , the old man of the sea 's daughter , thetis quick on her glistening feet was hatching plans with zeus .
you never deign , do you , freely and frankly , to share your plots with me — never , not a word !
you 'll never persuade me .
the father of men and gods replied sharply , hera — stop hoping to fathom all my thoughts .
so , father , at least fulfill this prayer for me : let the men escape with their lives if nothing else — do n't let these trojans mow us down in droves !
and hera the queen , her dark eyes wide , exclaimed , dread majesty , son of cronus , what are you saying ?
one more thing — take it to heart , i urge you .
but now i have a terrible fear that she has won you over , thetis , the old man of the sea 's daughter , thetis with her glistening feet . i know it .
just at dawn she knelt down beside you and grasped your knees and i suspect you bowed your head in assent to her — you granted once and for all to exalt achilles now and slaughter hordes of achaeans pinned against their ships .
ah but tell me , hera , just what can you do about all this ? only estrange yourself from me a little more — and all the worse for you . if what you say is true , that must be my pleasure .
now go sit down .
but i with my courage , my hands , never conquered — for all their force not all the gods on olympus heights could ever turn me back .
the goddesses themselves sat down on golden settles , mixing with the immortals , athena and hera 's hearts within them dashed .
she flashed the word in helenus ' mantic spirit — the son of priam sensed what pleased the immortals hatching instant plans , and coming up to hector advised him quickly , hector , son of priam , a mastermind like zeus , listen to me now — let your brother guide you .
not overly tired , i trust , from all your efforts there in glorious battle , slaughtering trojans , the men you break with all your deathless rage .
a busy , willing servant answered quickly , hector , seeing you want to know the truth , she has n't gone to your sisters , brothers ' wives or athena 's shrine where the noble trojan women gather to win the great grim goddess over .
the olympian lord of lightning — what if he would like to blast us from our seats ? he is far too strong . go back to him , mother , stroke the father with soft , winning words — at once the olympian will turn kind to us again .
pleading , springing up with a two-handled cup , he reached it toward his loving mother 's hands with his own winning words : patience , mother !
you have your mother 's uncontrollable rage — incorrigible , that hera — say what i will , i can hardly keep her down .
grieved as you are , bear up , or dear as you are , i have to see you beaten right before my eyes .
it 's hard to fight the olympian strength for strength .
and any god i catch , breaking ranks with us , eager to go and help the trojans or achaeans — back he comes to olympus , whipped by the lightning , eternally disgraced .
the rest of them ?
so he urged and the white-armed goddess hera obeyed at once .
then dipping sweet nectar up from the mixing bowl he poured it round to all the immortals , left to right . and uncontrollable laughter broke from the happy gods as they watched the god of fire breathing hard and bustling through the halls .
none of them knew it , each denied the mark .
at last , when the sun 's fiery light had set , each immortal went to rest in his own house , the splendid high halls hephaestus built for each with all his craft and cunning , the famous crippled smith .
and olympian zeus the lord of lightning went to his own bed where he had always lain when welcome sleep came on him . there he climbed and there he slept and by his side lay hera the queen , the goddess of the golden throne .
as his spirit churned , at last one plan seemed best : he would send a murderous dream to agamemnon . calling out to the vision , zeus winged it on : go , murderous dream , to the fast achaean ships and once you reach agamemnon 's shelter rouse him , order him , word-for-word , exactly as i command .
in the face of blissful gods and mortal men , in the face of that unbending , ruthless king — if the day should come when the armies need me to save their ranks from ignominious , stark defeat .
tell atrides to arm his long-haired achaeans , to attack at once , full force — now he can take the broad streets of troy .
the immortal gods who hold olympus clash no more , hera 's appeals have brought them round and all agree : griefs are about to crush the men of troy .
capaneus ' good son sthenelus saw them coming and quickly alerted diomedes , warnings flying : tydides , joy of my heart , dear comrade , look !
down through the bracing godsent night it came like good nestor in features , height and build , the old king himself , and hovering at my head the dream called me on : 'still asleep , agamemnon ?
hovering at his head the vision rose like nestor , neleus ' son , the chief agamemnon honored most .
the son of atreus , that skilled breaker of horses ? how can you sleep all night , a man weighed down with duties ? your armies turning over their lives to your command — responsibilities so heavy .
zeus commands you to arm your long-haired achaeans , to attack at once , full force — now you can take the broad streets of troy ! the immortal gods who hold olympus clash no more , hera 's appeals have brought them round and all agree : griefs from zeus are about to crush the men of troy !
hera 's urgings , i trust , have made you suffer this .
you could hear some trojan or achaean calling , zeus — god of greatness , god of glory , all you immortals !
that 's all i 'd ask .
remember — let no loss of memory overcome you when the sweet grip of slumber sets you free .
with that the dream departed , leaving him there , his heart racing with hopes that would not come to pass .
he thought he would take the city of priam then , that very day , the fool .
never — even if zeus 's wrath does not strike home at once , he 'll strike in his own good time with greater fury .
inspired with nestor 's voice and sent by zeus , the dream cried out , still asleep , agamemnon ?
then over his shoulder paris slung his sword , the fine bronze blade with its silver-studded hilt , and then the shield-strap and his sturdy , massive shield and over his powerful head he set a well-forged helmet , the horsehair crest atop it tossing , bristling terror , and last he grasped a spear that matched his grip .
now the goddess dawn climbed up to olympus heights , declaring the light of day to zeus and the deathless gods as the king commanded heralds to cry out loud and clear and muster the long-haired achaeans to full assembly .
nireus led his three trim ships from syme , nireus the son of aglaea and king charopus , nireus the handsomest man who ever came to troy , of all the achaeans after peleus ' fearless son .
and suddenly hera taunted the father , son of cronus : so , who of the gods this time , my treacherous one , was hatching plans with you ?
listen to me , quickly !
at that command the dream went winging off , and passing quickly along the fast trim ships , made for the king and found him soon , sound asleep in his tent with refreshing godsent slumber drifted round him .
but once the sun stood striding at high noon , then father zeus held out his sacred golden scales : in them he placed two fates of death that lays men low — one for the trojan horsemen , one for argives armed in bronze — and gripping the beam mid-haft the father raised it high and down went achaea 's day of doom , achaea 's fate settling down on the earth that feeds us all as the fate of troy went lifting toward the sky .
now the great array of gods and chariot-driving men slept all night long , but the peaceful grip of sleep could not hold zeus , turning it over in his mind .
but about your question — yes , i have the answer .
zeus commands you to arm your long-haired achaeans , to attack at once , full force — now you can take the broad streets of troy !
the immortal gods who hold olympus clash no more , hera 's appeals have brought them round and all agree : griefs from zeus are about to crush the men of troy !
i 've learned it all too well .
with that the dream went winging off and soothing sleep released me .
come , let us keep clear of each other 's spears , even there in the thick of battle .
but first , according to time-honored custom , i will test the men with a challenge , tell them all to crowd the oarlocks , cut and run in their ships .
but you take up your battle-stations at every point , command them , hold them back .
noble nestor the king of pylos ' sandy harbor spoke and urged them on with all good will : friends , lords of the argives , o my captains !
if any other achaean had told us of this dream we 'd call it false and turn our backs upon it .
it 's obvious — any fool can see it .
but look , the man who saw it has every claim to be the best , the bravest achaean we can field .
listen to nestor .
and out he marched , leading the way from council .
rank and file streamed behind and rushed like swarms of bees pouring out of a rocky hollow , burst on endless burst , bunched in clusters seething over the first spring blooms , dark hordes swirling into the air , this way , that way — so the many armed platoons from the ships and tents came marching on , close-file , along the deep wide beach to crowd the meeting grounds , and rumor , zeus 's crier , like wildfire blazing among them , whipped them on .
nine heralds shouted out , trying to keep some order , quiet , battalions , silence !
then atreus ' son agamemnon stood in behalf of all , lifted his arms and prayed in his deep resounding voice , father zeus !
so great ajax vaunted and men prayed to the son of cronus , king zeus .
at the same time zeus the father whipped his team and hurtling chariot straight from ida to mount olympus , soon to reach the sessions of the gods .
all the achaean soldiers roared out their assent , stirred by the stallion-breaking lord 's reply , and king agamemnon rounded on idaeus : there , there 's the achaeans ' answer , idaeus — a declaration — you can hear for yourself .
i 'm wounded , the pain 's too much , a mortal 's speared me — that daredevil diomedes , he 'd fight father zeus !
true , they 've labored long — they 're desperate for home .
but now , i see , he only plotted brutal treachery : now he commands me back to argos in disgrace , whole regiments of my men destroyed in battle .
we 'll set all this to rights , someday , if zeus will ever let us raise the winebowl of freedom high in our halls , high to the gods of cloud and sky who live forever — once we drive these argives geared for battle out of troy !
say that trojans and argives both agreed to swear a truce , to seal their oaths in blood , and opposing sides were tallied out in full : count one by one the trojans who live in troy but count our achaeans out by ten-man squads and each squad pick a trojan to pour its wine — many achaean tens would lack their steward then !
armies of allies crowd the mighty city of priam , true , but they speak a thousand different tongues , fighters gathered here from all ends of the realm .
but they have allies called from countless cities , fighters brandishing spears who block my way , who throw me far off course , thwarting my will to plunder ilium 's rugged walls .
for i must go home to see my people first , to visit my own dear wife and my baby son .
you know it all so well .
home we go in our ships !
we 'll never take the broad streets of troy .
king agamemnon 's hour .
chiefs of the argives armed in bronze , no orders for you — it 's wrong to incite you two , you lead your men to war in so much force .
and the whole assembly surged like big waves at sea , the icarian sea when east and south winds drive it on , blasting down in force from the clouds of father zeus , or when the west wind shakes the deep standing grain with hurricane gusts that flatten down the stalks — so the massed assembly of troops was shaken now .
now with the squadrons marshaled , captains leading each , the trojans came with cries and the din of war like wildfowl when the long hoarse cries of cranes sweep on against the sky and the great formations flee from winter 's grim ungodly storms , flying in force , shrieking south to the ocean gulfs , speeding blood and death to the pygmy warriors , launching at daybreak savage battle down upon their heads .
and now they might have won their journey home , the men of argos fighting the will of fate , yes , if hera had not alerted athena : inconceivable !
then promise to sacrifice twelve heifers in her shrine , yearlings never broken , if only she 'll pity troy , the trojan wives and all our helpless children , if only she 'll hold diomedes back from the holy city — that wild spearman , that invincible headlong terror !
come now , just wait till these long-haired achaeans sail back in their ships to the fatherland they love , then batter their wall , sweep it into the salt breakers and pile over the endless beach your drifts of sand again , level it to your heart 's content — the argives ' mighty wall .
so atrides demanded .
down she flashed from the peaks of mount olympus , quickly reached the ships and found odysseus first , a mastermind like zeus , still standing fast .
he had not laid a hand on his black benched hull , such anguish racked his heart and fighting spirit .
odysseus struck democoon , priam 's bastard son come down from abydos , priam 's racing-stables .
both men bent on combat , on they fought like wind when a god sends down some welcome blast to sailors desperate for it , worked to death at the polished oars , beating the heavy seas , their arms slack with the labor — so welcome that brace of men appeared to the trojans desperate for their captains .
ca n't you see ?
with your winning words hold back each man you find — do n't let them haul their rolling ships to sea !
he fired them so the armies roared and the ships resounded round them , shattering echoes ringing from their shouts as argives cried assent to king odysseus ' words .
lord agamemnon rose at once to greet them both with the great tactician odysseus by his side .
but the known cowards he drove amidst the center : a man might cringe but he 'd be forced to fight .
forget the orders — nothing to fear , my friend , neither ares nor any other god .
and lead on priam too , priam in all his power , so the king himself can seal our truce in blood — his royal sons are reckless , not to be trusted : no one must trample on the oath we swear to zeus .
and now as the high gods bantered back and forth diomedes , loosing his war cry , charged aeneas — though what he saw was lord apollo himself , guarding , spreading his arms above the fighter , but even before the mighty god he would not flinch .
whenever odysseus met some man of rank , a king , he 'd halt and hold him back with winning words : my friend — it 's wrong to threaten you like a coward , but you stand fast , you keep your men in check !
obey the commands of others , your superiors — you , you deserter , rank coward , you count for nothing , neither in war nor council .
you wo n't last long , i 'd say — now the glory 's mine !
no one can rout me — his will against my will — not by force , god knows , and not by a sly maneuver either .
versatile odysseus took the helm as captain .
so he ranged the ranks , commanding men to order — and back again they surged from ships and shelters , back to the meeting grounds with a deep pounding din , thundering out as battle lines of breakers crash and drag along some endless beach , and the rough sea roars .
when hector heard that challenge he rejoiced and right in the no man 's land along his lines he strode , gripping his spear mid-haft , staving men to a standstill while agamemnon seated his argives geared for combat .
leaving priam and all the men of troy a trophy to glory over , helen of argos , helen for whom so many argives lost their lives in troy , far from native land .
achilles despised him most , odysseus too — he was always abusing both chiefs , but now he went for majestic agamemnon , hollering out , taunting the king with strings of cutting insults .
the achaeans were furious with him , deeply offended .
when up rushed agamemnon , blocking his way and shouting out , so soft , dear brother , why ?
my father , tydeus , i really do n't remember .
but soon her father , the holy priest of apollo the distant deadly archer , chryses approached the fast trim ships of the argives armed in bronze to win his daughter back , bringing a priceless ransom and bearing high in hand , wound on a golden staff , the wreaths of the god who strikes from worlds away .
but he bore a son who 's not the half of him in battle — better only in wrangling , wars of words !
but the lawful wife of menelaus , renowned menelaus , he will not give her up , paris makes that clear , though all troy commands him to do precisely that .
look — now it 's achilles , a greater man he disgraces , seizes and keeps his prize , tears her away himself .
zeus knows , no doubt , and every immortal too , which fighter is doomed to end all this in death .
if not , atrides , that outrage would have been your last !
and atreus ' son himself , powerful agamemnon seized your right hand , shouting out your name : you 're mad , my prince !
but the gods wo n't give us all their gifts at once .
now tell me , muse , who were the bravest of them all , of the men and chariot-teams that came with atreus ' sons ?
i have no mind to linger here disgraced , brimming your cup and piling up your plunder .
i tell you this , so help me it 's the truth : if i catch you again , blithering on this way , let odysseus ' head be wrenched off his shoulders , never again call me the father of telemachus if i do n't grab you , strip the clothing off you , cloak , tunic and rags that wrap your private parts , and whip you howling naked back to the fast ships , out of the armies ' muster — whip you like a cur !
incensed for the dead odysseus speared him straight through one temple and out the other punched the sharp bronze point and the dark came swirling thick across his eyes — down he crashed , armor clanging against his chest .
rubbing his tears off dumbly with a fist .
the rascal doubled over , tears streaking his face and a bloody welt bulged up between his blades , under the stroke of the golden scepter 's studs .
he squatted low , cringing , stunned with pain , blinking like some idiot .
once in the past he came our way , king odysseus heading the embassy they sent for your release , together with menelaus dear to ares .
and despite the god 's undying lust for battle ares might have wasted away there on the spot if the monsters ' stepmother , beautiful eriboea had not sent for hermes , and out of the cauldron hermes stole him away — the war-god breathing his last , all but broken down by the ruthless iron chains .
enraged at his friend 's death odysseus sprang in fury , helmed in fiery bronze he plowed through the front and charging the enemy , glaring left and right he hurled his spear — a glinting brazen streak — and the trojans gave ground , scattering back , panicking there before his whirling shaft — a direct hit !
but odysseus stepped in quickly , faced him down with a dark glance and threats to break his nerve : what a flood of abuse , thersites !
now , my king , the achaeans are bent on making you a disgrace in the eyes of every man alive .
never has longing for you overwhelmed me so , no , not even then , i tell you , that first time when i swept you up from the lovely hills of lacedaemon , sailed you off and away in the racing deep-sea ships and we went and locked in love on rocky island .
but look at them now , like green , defenseless boys or widowed women whimpering to each other , wailing to journey back .
so now let diomedes , powerful as he is , be on his guard for fear a better soldier than you engage him — for fear his wife , aegialia , adrastus ' daughter , for all her self-control , will wail through the nights and wake her beloved servants out of sleep .
this is the ninth year come round , the ninth we 've hung on here .
it 's not some lifeless fear that paralyzes me now , no flinching from combat either .
we were all busy then , milling round a spring and offering victims up on the holy altars , full sacrifice to the gods to guarantee success , under a spreading plane tree where the water splashed , glittering in the sun — when a great omen appeared .
he slid from under the altar , glided up the tree and there the brood of a sparrow , helpless young ones , teetered high on the topmost branch-tips , cowering under the leaves there , eight they were all told and the mother made the ninth , she 'd borne them all — chirping to break the heart but the snake gulped them down and the mother cried out for her babies , fluttering over him .
the deathless aphrodite sank in dione 's lap and her mother , folding her daughter in her arms , stroked her gently , whispered her name and asked , who has abused you now , dear child , tell me , who of the sons of heaven so unfeeling , cruel ?
but once he 'd swallowed down the sparrow with her brood , the son of crooked cronus who sent the serpent forth turned him into a sign , a monument clear to see — zeus struck him to stone !
just look at the maniac , born for disaster , double-dealing , lying two-faced god — just now he promised me and hera , the war-god swore he 'd fight the trojans , stand behind the argives .
the earth groaned and rumbled under the huge weight as soldiers took positions — the whole place in uproar .
and nestor the noble horseman spurred them more : what disgrace !
no baby boy still in his mother 's belly , not even he escape — all ilium blotted out , no tears for their lives , no markers for their graves !
into the flames with councils , all the plans of men , the vows sealed with the strong , unmixed wine , the firm clasp of the right hand we trusted !
we — your allies here — we do your fighting for you .
but the two of you will never quit this fight , i 'd say , till one of you drops and dies and gluts with blood ares who hacks at men behind his rawhide shield !
zeus the son of almighty cronus , i remind you , bowed his head that day we boarded ship , all the argives laden with blood and death for troy — his lightning bolts on the right , good omens blazing forth .
so now let no man hurry to sail for home , not yet . not till he beds down with a faithful trojan wife , payment in full for the groans and shocks of war we have all borne for helen . but any soldier wild with desire to reach his home at once — just let him lay a hand on his black benched ship and right in front of the rest he 'll reach his death !
reveal the will of god , whatever you may know .
turn them back , do n't let them engage me here .
range your men by tribes , even by clans , agamemnon , so clan fights by the side of clan , tribe by tribe .
but if you love hector , if you hold him dear , at least give both men equal strength and glory .
they tell me to add this too , a good sound proposal : if you are willing , come , we 'll halt the brutal war until we can burn the bodies of our dead .
grant this boy , my son , may be like me , first in glory among the trojans , strong and brave like me , and rule all troy in power and one day let them say , 'he is a better man than his father !
father zeus , athena , apollo , if all my fighters had such courage pounding inside their chests , we 'd bring king priam 's citadel crashing down in an instant , sacked at our hands — annihilated .
it 's your own command still ringing in my ears , forbidding me to fight the immortals head-on , all but one of the blessed gods , that is — if aphrodite daughter of zeus slips into battle , she 's the one to stab with my sharp bronze spear .
ah if the two of us could ever think as one , troy could delay her day of death no longer , not one moment .
go now , take your meal — the sooner to bring on war .
and we all must battle you — you brought that senseless daughter into the world , that murderous curse — forever bent on crimes !
no breathing space , no letup , not a moment , not till the night comes on to part the fighters ' fury !
now sweat will soak the shield-strap round your chest , your fist gripping the spear will ache with tensing , now the lather will drench your war-team 's flanks , hauling your sturdy chariot .
but achilles rounded on agamemnon once again , lashing out at him , not relaxing his anger for a moment : staggering drunk , with your dog 's eyes , your fawn 's heart !
so he commanded and the armies gave a deep resounding roar like waves crashing against a cliff when the south wind whips it , bearing down , some craggy headland jutting out to sea — the waves will never leave it in peace , thrashed by gales that hit from every quarter , breakers left and right .
the troops sprang up , scattered back to the ships , lit fires beside their tents and took their meal .
but the lord of men agamemnon sacrificed a fat rich ox , five years old , to the son of mighty cronus , zeus , and called the chiefs of all the argive forces : nestor first and foremost , then king idomeneus , the great and little ajax , tydeus ' son diomedes and odysseus sixth , a mastermind like zeus .
no one , i say — no one alive less soldierly than you , none in the ranks that came to troy with agamemnon .
he killed eetion , not that he stripped his gear — he 'd some respect at least — for he burned his corpse in all his blazoned bronze , then heaped a grave-mound high above the ashes and nymphs of the mountain planted elms around it , daughters of zeus whose shield is storm and thunder .
so he decreed .
and so agamemnon prayed but the son of cronus would not bring his prayer to pass , not yet .
once the men had prayed and flung the barley , first they lifted back the heads of the victims , slit their throats , skinned them and carved away the meat from the thighbones and wrapped them in fat , a double fold sliced clean and topped with strips of flesh .
and they burned these on a cleft stick , peeled and dry , spitted the vitals , held them over hephaestus ' flames and once they 'd charred the thighs and tasted the organs they cut the rest into pieces , pierced them with spits , roasted them to a turn and pulled them off the fire .
they skinned the animal quickly , butchered the carcass , expertly cut the meat into pieces , pierced them with spits , roasted them to a turn and pulled them off the fire .
when they had put aside desire for food and drink , nestor the noble old horseman spoke out first : marshal atrides , lord of men agamemnon , no more trading speeches now .
just for the sake of rivalry , soldier 's pride , do n't rush to fight with a better man , with hector the son of priam .
and all the while they worked over menelaus whose cry could marshal armies , on the trojans came , columns armed for assault , and again the argives donned their gear and roused their lust for war .
he commanded heralds to cry out loud and clear and summon the long-haired achaean troops to battle .
out with it now , calchas .
the troops assembled .
the warlords dear to the gods and flanking agamemnon strode on ahead , marshaling men-at-arms in files , and down their ranks the fiery-eyed athena bore her awesome shield of storm , ageless , deathless — a hundred golden tassels , all of them braided tight and each worth a hundred oxen , float along the front .
and once you 've roused our lines to the last man , we 'll hold out here and fight the argives down , hard-hit as we are — necessity drives us on .
now , suddenly , battle thrilled them more than the journey home , than sailing hollow ships to their dear native land .
as ravening fire rips through big stands of timber high on a mountain ridge and the blaze flares miles away , so from the marching troops the blaze of bronze armor , splendid and superhuman , flared across the earth , flashing into the air to hit the skies .
as a stallion full-fed at the manger , stalled too long , breaking free of his tether gallops down the plain , out for his favorite plunge in a river 's cool currents , thundering in his pride — his head flung back , his mane streaming over his shoulders , sure and sleek in his glory , knees racing him on to the fields and stallion-haunts he loves — so down from pergamus heights came paris , son of priam , glittering in his armor like the sun astride the skies , exultant , laughing aloud , his fast feet sped him on .
crowding thick-and-fast as the swarms of flies seething over the shepherds ' stalls in the first spring days when the buckets flood with milk — so many long-haired achaeans swarmed across the plain to confront the trojans , fired to smash their lines .
the armies grouping now — as seasoned goatherds split their wide-ranging flocks into packs with ease when herds have mixed together down the pasture : so the captains formed their tight platoons , detaching right and left , moving up for action — and there in the midst strode powerful agamemnon , eyes and head like zeus who loves the lightning , great in the girth like ares , god of battles , broad through the chest like sea lord poseidon .
they stood in a ring around the ox , took up barley and then , rising among them , king agamemnon raised his voice in prayer : zeus , zeus , god of greatness , god of glory , lord god of the dark clouds who lives in the bright sky , do n't let the sun go down or the night descend on us !
you are goddesses , you are everywhere , you know all things — all we hear is the distant ring of glory , we know nothing — who were the captains of achaea ?
you have done nothing to me .
the mass of troops i could never tally , never name , not even if i had ten tongues and ten mouths , a tireless voice and the heart inside me bronze , never unless you muses of olympus , daughters of zeus whose shield is rolling thunder , sing , sing in memory all who gathered under troy .
now i can only tell the lords of the ships , the ships in all their numbers !
first came the boeotian units led by leitus and peneleos : arcesilaus and prothoenor and clonius shared command of the armed men who lived in hyria , rocky aulis , schoenus , scolus and eteonus spurred with hills , thespia and graea , the dancing rings of mycalessus , men who lived round harma , ilesion and erythrae and those who settled eleon , hyle and peteon , ocalea , medeon 's fortress walled and strong , copae , eutresis and thisbe thronged with doves , fighters from coronea , haliartus deep in meadows , and the men who held plataea and lived in glisas , men who held the rough-hewn gates of lower thebes , onchestus the holy , poseidon 's sun-filled grove , men from the town of arne green with vineyards , midea and sacred nisa , anthedon-on-the-marches .
they came in a hundred ships and agamemnon led them on , atreus ' royal son , and marching in his companies came the most and bravest fighting men by far .
and deep within its walls were fifty sleeping chambers masoned in smooth , lustrous ashlar , linked in a line where the sons of priam slept beside their wedded wives , and facing these , opening out across the inner courtyard , lay the twelve sleeping chambers of priam 's daughters , masoned and roofed in lustrous ashlar , linked in a line where the sons-in-law of priam slept beside their wives .
then schedius and epistrophus led the men of phocis — two sons of iphitus , that great heart , naubolus ' son — the men who held cyparissus and pytho 's high crags , the hallowed earth of crisa , daulis and panopeus , men who dwelled round anemoria , round hyampolis , men who lived along the cephisus ' glinting waters , men who held lilaea close to the river 's wellsprings .
under podarces sailed their forty long black ships .
next the locrians led by racing ajax , son of oileus , little ajax — a far cry from the size of telamonian ajax — a smaller man but trim in his skintight linen corslet , he outthrew all hellenes , all achaeans with his spear .
in oilean ajax ' charge came forty long black ships , locrians living across the straits from sacrosanct euboea .
then ocean men from dulichion and the holy islands , the echinades rising over the sea across from elis — meges a match for ares led their troops to war , a son of the rider phyleus dear to zeus who once , enraged at his father , fled and settled dulichion .
the sprinting abantes followed hard at his heels , their forelocks cropped , hair grown long at the back , troops nerved to lunge with their tough ashen spears and slash the enemies ' breastplates round their chests .
and while they prayed to the daughter of mighty zeus hector approached the halls of paris , sumptuous halls he built himself with the finest masons of the day , master builders famed in the fertile land of troy .
zeus 's daughter athena tended him once the grain-giving fields had borne him , long ago , and then she settled the king in athens , in her own rich shrine , where sons of athens worship him with bulls and goats as the years wheel round in season .
athenians all , and peteos ' son menestheus led them on , and no one born on the earth could match that man in arraying teams of horse and shielded fighters — nestor his only rival , thanks to nestor 's age .
out of salamis great telamonian ajax led twelve ships drawn up where athenian forces formed their line of battle .
then men of argos and tiryns with her tremendous walls and hermione and asine commanding the deep wide gulf , troezen , eionae and epidaurus green with vines and achaea 's warrior sons who held aegina and mases — diomedes lord of the war cry led their crack contingents flanked by sthenelus , far-famed capaneus ' favorite son .
elephenor , comrade of ares , led the whole contingent , chalcodon 's son , a lord of the fierce abantes .
and in their command sailed eighty long black ships .
and heracles ' son tlepolemus tall and staunch led nine ships of the proud rhodians out of rhodes , the men who lived on rhodes in three island divisions , lindos and ialysus and camirus ' white escarpment , armies led by the famous spearman tlepolemus whom astyochea bore to heracles filled with power .
next those who held lacedaemon 's hollows deep with gorges , pharis , sparta and messe , crowded haunt of the wild doves , men who lived in brysiae and augeae 's gracious country , men who held amyclae , helos the seaboard fortress , men who settled laas and lived near oetylus : agamemnon 's brother , menelaus lord of the war cry led their sixty ships , armed them apart , downshore , and amidst their ranks he marched , ablaze with valor , priming men for attack .
and his own heart blazed the most to avenge the groans and shocks of war they 'd borne for helen .
next the men who lived in pylos and handsome arene , thryon , the alpheus ford and finely-masoned aepy , men who lived in cyparisseis and amphigenia , pteleos , helos and dorion where the muses met the thracian thamyris , stopped the minstrel 's song .
meriones killed phereclus — son of tecton , son of the blacksmith harmon — the fighter 's hands had the skill to craft all kinds of complex work since pallas athena loved him most , her protege who had built paris his steady , balanced ships , trim launchers of death , freighted with death for all of troy and now for the shipwright too : what could the man know of all the gods ' decrees ?
and the men who held the land of apaesus and adrestia , men who held pityea , terea 's steep peaks — the units led by adrestus joined by amphius trim in linen corslet , the two good sons of merops out of percote harbor , merops adept beyond all men in the mantic arts .
agamemnon himself , the lord of men had given them those well-benched ships to plow the wine-dark sea , since works of the sea meant nothing to those landsmen .
then men who lived in methone and thaumacia , men who held meliboea and rugged ridged olizon : philoctetes the master archer had led them on in seven ships with fifty oarsmen aboard each , superbly skilled with the bow in lethal combat .
hippothous and pylaeus , tested soldier , led them on , both sons of pelasgian lethus , teutamus ' scion .
strong diores the son of amarynceus led the third and the princely polyxinus led the fourth , the son of king agasthenes , augeas ' noble stock .
and the men who lived around percote and practios , men who settled sestos , abydos and gleaming arisbe : asius son of hyrtacus led them on , captain of armies , hyrtacus ' offspring asius — hulking , fiery stallions bore him in from arisbe , from the selleis river .
that 's when the fury gripped the son of atreus .
let him lead off .
in his command sailed forty long black ships .
next odysseus led his cephallenian companies , gallant-hearted fighters , the island men of ithaca , of mount neriton 's leafy ridges shimmering in the wind , and men who lived in crocylia and rugged aegilips , men who held zacynthus and men who dwelled near samos and mainland men who grazed their flocks across the channel .
and thoas son of andraemon led aetolia 's units , soldiers who lived in pleuron , pylene and olenus , chalcis along the shore and calydon 's rocky heights where the sons of wellborn oeneus were no more and the king himself was dead and meleager with his golden hair was gone .
in thoas ' command sailed forty long black ships .
and the great spearman idomeneus led his cretans , the men who held cnossos and gortyn ringed in walls , lyctos , miletus , lycastus ' bright chalk bluffs , phaestos and rhytion , cities a joy to live in — the men who peopled crete , a hundred cities strong .
the renowned spearman idomeneus led them all in force with meriones who butchered men like the god of war himself .
in their command sailed forty curved black ships .
down the goddess swept from olympus ' craggy peaks and dove like a star the son of cronus flings , cronus with all his turning , twisting ways — a sign to men at sea or a massive army marching , blazing on with a stream of sparks showering in its wake .
diomedes killed off axylus , teuthras ' son who had lived in rock-built arisbe , a man of means and a friend to all mankind , at his roadside house he 'd warm all comers in .
the men were forced to their seats , marshaled into ranks , the shouting died away .
but he reached rhodes at last , a wanderer rocked by storms , and there they settled in three divisions , all by tribes , loved by zeus himself the king of gods and mortals showering wondrous gold on all their heads .
and he left them there , dead , and he made a rush at abas and polyidus , sons of eurydamas , an aged reader of dreams , but the old prophet read no dreams for them when they set out for troy — diomedes laid them low then swung to attack the two sons of phaenops , hardy xanthus and thoon , both men grown tall as their father shrank away with wasting age .
and men who held nisyrus , casus and crapathus , cos , eurypylus ' town , and the islands called calydnae — combat troops , and antiphus and phidippus led them on , the two sons of the warlord thessalus , heracles ' son .
in their command sailed thirty long curved ships .
and now , muse , sing all those fighting men who lived in pelasgian argos , the big contingents out of alus and alope and trachis , men of phthia and hellas where the women are a wonder , all the fighters called achaeans , hellenes and myrmidons ranked in fifty ships , and achilles was their leader .
but in days to come do n't let this quarrel breed some towering clash between us both , pitting you and me in conflict .
the troops themselves had no fear , no dread of the trojans ' power and breakneck charges , no , they stood their ground like heavy thunderheads stacked up on the towering mountaintops by cronus ' son , stock-still in a windless calm when the raging north wind and his gusty ripping friends that had screamed down to rout dark clouds have fallen dead asleep .
perhaps he will be persuaded .
teuthras first , orestes lasher of stallions next , an aetolian spearman trechus , oenomaus and helenus , oenops ' son , and oresbius cinched with shining belt who had lived in hyle hoarding his great wealth , his estate aslope the shores of lake cephisus , and round him boeotians held the fertile plain .
and his loving wife went home , turning , glancing back again and again and weeping live warm tears .
just as he vaulted off his ship a dardan killed him , first by far of the argives slaughtered on the beaches .
but not even then were his men without a captain , yearn as they did for their lost leader .
no , podarces a fresh campaigner ranged their units — a son of iphiclus son of phylacus rich in flocks — podarces , gallant protesilaus ' blood brother , younger-born , but the older man proved braver too , an iron man of war .
third in the vanguard marched euryalus strong as a god , son of king mecisteus son of talaus , but over them all , with cries to marshal men diomedes led the whole force and his argives sailed in eighty long black ships .
and the men who lived in pherae fronting lake boebeis , in boebe and glaphyrae and iolcos ' sturdy ramparts : their eleven ships were led by admetus ' favored son , eumelus , born to admetus by alcestis , queen of women , the most radiant daughter pelias ever fathered .
four warlords led their ranks , ten-ship flotillas each , and filling the decks came bands of epean fighters , two companies under thalpius and amphimachus , sons of the line of actor , one of eurytus , one of cteatus .
but their captain lay on an island , racked with pain , on lemnos ' holy shores where the armies had marooned him , agonized by his wound , the bite of a deadly water-viper .
achilles lay there now but he would soon rise up in all his power .
no , medon formed them up , oileus ' bastard son whom rhene bore to oileus , grim raider of cities .
and men who settled tricca , rocky ithome terraced high and men who held oechalia , oechalian eurytus ' city : the two sons of asclepius led their units now , both skilled healers , podalirius and machaon .
in his son 's command sailed forty long black ships .
like flocks of sheep in a wealthy rancher 's steadings , thousands crowding to have their white milk drained , bleating nonstop when they hear their crying lambs — so the shouts rose up from the long trojan lines and not one cry , no common voice to bind them all together , their tongues mixed and clashed , their men hailed from so many far-flung countries .
facing ares ' power and hector helmed in bronze , they neither turned and ran for their black ships nor traded blows with enemies man-to-man .
and guneus out of cyphus led on two and twenty ships and in his platoons came enienes and battle-tried peraebians who pitched homes in the teeth of dodona 's bitter winters , who held the tilled acres along the lovely titaressus that runs her pure crystal currents into peneus — never mixed with peneus ' eddies glistening silt but gliding over the surface smooth as olive oil , branching , breaking away from the river styx , the dark and terrible oath-stream of the gods .
if only i 'd foreseen all this , i and my cunning — that day eurystheus sent him down to death , to the lord who guards the gates , to drag up from the dark world the hound of grisly death — he would never have fled the steep cascading styx .
and prothous son of tenthredon led the magnesians , men who lived around the peneus , up along mount pelion sloped in wind-whipped leaves .
and in his command sailed forty long black ships .
the men must know our claim : we are sworn friends from our fathers ' days till now !
— you , the son of tydeus , that skilled breaker of horses ?
hold back now .
phoebus apollo lord of the silver bow had bred them both in perea , a brace of mares that raced the war-god 's panic through the lines .
but best by far of the men was telamonian ajax while achilles raged apart .
but not even then did hector quit the battle .
and halting her horses near , the white-armed hera called out at once to the powerful son of cronus , pressing home her questions : father zeus , look — are n't you incensed at ares and all his brutal work ?
hephaestus gave it to cronus ' son , father zeus , and zeus gave it to hermes , the giant-killing guide and hermes gave it to pelops , that fine charioteer , pelops gave it to atreus , marshal of fighting men , who died and passed it on to thyestes rich in flocks and he in turn bestowed it on agamemnon , to bear on high as he ruled his many islands and lorded mainland argos .
so tribe on tribe , pouring out of the ships and shelters , marched across the scamander plain and the earth shook , tremendous thunder from under trampling men and horses drawing into position down the scamander meadow flats breaking into flower — men by the thousands , numberless as the leaves and spears that flower forth in spring .
their masters ' chariots stood under blankets now , stored away in the tents while the rank and file , yearning for their leader , the great man of war , drifting here and there throughout the encampment , hung back from the fighting .
yet not for a moment did his army lack a leader , yearn as they did for the braver dead .
but on the armies came as if the whole earth were devoured by wildfire , yes , and the ground thundered under them , deep as it does for zeus who loves the lightning , zeus in all his rage when he lashes the ground around typhoeus in arima , there where they say the monster makes his bed of pain — so the earth thundered under their feet , armies trampling , sweeping through the plain at blazing speed .
iris the wind-quick messenger hurried down to ilium , bearing her painful message , sent by storming zeus .
he had kept a watch for the trojans , posted atop old aesyetes ' tomb and poised to sprint for home at the first sign of argives charging from the ships .
like him to the life , the racing iris urged , old priam , words , endless words — that is your passion , always , as once in the days of peace .
but ceaseless war 's upon us !
time and again i 've gone to battle , fought with men but i 've never seen an army great as this .
but whenever i 'd set my mind to drag you up , in deadly earnest , i 'd hoist you all with ease , you and the earth , you and the sea , all together , then loop that golden cable round a horn of olympus , bind it fast and leave the whole world dangling in mid-air — that is how far i tower over the gods , i tower over men .
let each chief give commands to the tribe he leads , move them out , marshal his own contingents — now !
but marshal agamemnon called out to the armies , hear me now , you trojans , dardans , trojan allies !
first , tall hector with helmet flashing led the trojans — priam 's son and in his command by far the greatest , bravest army , divisions harnessed in armor , veterans bristling spears .
and there in the midst , armed in gleaming bronze , in all his glory , he towered high over all his fighters — he was the greatest warlord , he led by far the largest army .
amphimachus and nastes led their formations on , nastes and amphimachus , nomion 's flamboyant sons .
not a word to achilles , not a question .
the father accepted the sacrifices , true , but doubled the weight of thankless , ruthless war .
and men who lived in zelea under the foot of ida , a wealthy clan that drank the aesepus ' dark waters — trojans all , and the shining son of lycaon led them on , pandarus , with the bow that came from apollo 's own hands .
even tremendous hades had to endure that flying shaft like all the rest , when the same man , the son of thunder-shielded zeus , shot him in pylos — there with the troops of battle dead — and surrendered death to pain .
must not give you orders .
that burly heart pylaemenes led his paphlagonians out of enetian country , land where the wild mules breed : the men who held cytorus and lived in range of sesamus , building their storied halls along the parthenius river , at cromna , aegialus and the highland fortress erythini .
euphemus led the cicones , fighters armed with spears , son of troezenus , ceas ' son , a warlord bred by the gods .
pyraechmes led the paeonians , reflex bows in hand , hailing from amydon far west and the broad river axius , axius , clearest stream that flows across the earth .
their father lived in the fortress town of phera , a man of wealth and worth , born of alpheus river running wide through pylian hills , the stream that sired ortilochus to rule their many men .
down he went , crushed by racing achilles ' hands , destroyed in the river where he slaughtered other trojans too .
obey us both .
mesthles and antiphus led maeonia 's proud contingent , talaemenes ' two sons sprung from the nymph of gyge lake led on maeonian units born and bred under mount tmolus .
nastes led the carians wild with barbarous tongues , men who held miletus , phthires ' ridges thick with timber , maeander 's currents and mount mycale 's craggy peaks .
nastes strolled to battle decked in gold like a girl , the fool !
pity me , please !
not that they would hide him out of friendship , even if someone saw him — all of them hated him like death , black death .
and last , sarpedon and valiant glaucus marched the lycians on from lycia far south , from the xanthus ' swirling rapids .
wildly as two winter torrents raging down from the mountains , swirling into a valley , hurl their great waters together , flash floods from the wellsprings plunging down in a gorge and miles away in the hills a shepherd hears the thunder — so from the grinding armies broke the cries and crash of war .
but achaea 's armies came on strong in silence , breathing combat-fury , hearts ablaze to defend each other to the death .
when the south wind showers mist on the mountaintops , no friend to shepherds , better than night to thieves — you can see no farther than you can fling a stone — so dust came clouding , swirling up from the feet of armies marching at top speed , trampling through the plain .
now closer , closing , front to front in the onset till paris sprang from the trojan forward ranks , a challenger , lithe , magnificent as a god , the skin of a leopard slung across his shoulders , a reflex bow at his back and battle-sword at hip and brandishing two sharp spears tipped in bronze he strode forth , challenging all the argive best to fight him face-to-face in mortal combat .
have all trojans and argives take their seats , and you , you challenge achaea 's bravest man to duel in bloody combat to the death .
soon as the warrior menelaus marked him , paris parading there with his big loping strides , flaunting before the troops , atrides thrilled like a lion lighting on some handsome carcass , lucky to find an antlered stag or wild goat just as hunger strikes — he rips it , bolts it down , even with running dogs and lusty hunters rushing him .
so menelaus thrilled at heart — princely paris there , right before his eyes .
there , you see ?
he thought , and down he leapt from his chariot fully armed and hit the ground .
the great fighter sank to his knees , bracing himself with one strong forearm planted against the earth , and the world went black as night before his eyes .
heroic sarpedon — his loyal comrades bore him out of the fighting quickly , weighed down by the heavy spearshaft dragging on .
now , long ablaze as he was to fight the trojans , triple the fury seized him — claw-mad as a lion some shepherd tending woolly flocks in the field has just grazed , a lion leaping into the fold , but he has n't killed him , only spurred his strength and helpless to beat him off the man scurries for shelter , leaving his flocks panicked , lost as the ramping beast mauls them thick-and-fast , piling corpse on corpse and in one furious bound clears the fenced yard — so raging diomedes mauled the trojans .
would to god you 'd never been born , died unwed .
else for a good long while i 'd have felt the pain , writhing among the corpses there , or soldiered on , weak as a breathless ghost , beaten down by bronze .
— is this the man who mustered the oarsmen once , who braved the seas in his racing deep-sea ships , trafficked with outlanders , carried off a woman far from her distant shores , a great beauty wed to a land of rugged spearmen ?
how could they ?
no use to you then , the fine lyre and these , these gifts of aphrodite , your long flowing locks and your striking looks , not when you roll and couple with the dust .
i might make you the butt of hard , withering hate from both sides at once , trojans and achaeans — then your fate can tread you down to dust !
what disgrace it will be — shame , cringing shame if not one danaan now steps up to battle hector .
the heart inside you is always tempered hard , like an ax that goes through wood when a shipwright cuts out ship timbers with every ounce of skill and the blade 's weight drives the man 's stroke .
still , do n't fling in my face the lovely gifts of golden aphrodite .
and now no man who waded into that work could scorn it any longer , anyone still not speared or stabbed by tearing bronze who whirled into the heart of all that slaughter — not even if great athena led him by the hand , flicking away the weapons hailing down against him .
and the one who proves the better man and wins , he 'll take those treasures fairly , lead the woman home .
and helen the radiance of women answered priam , i revere you so , dear father , dread you too — if only death had pleased me then , grim death , that day i followed your son to troy , forsaking my marriage bed , my kinsmen and my child , my favorite , now full-grown , and the lovely comradeship of women my own age .
just as he dragged that corpse the brave agenor spied his ribs , bared by his shield as he bent low — agenor stabbed with a bronze spear and loosed his limbs , his life spirit left him and over his dead body now the savage work went on , achaeans and trojans mauling each other there like wolves , leaping , hurtling into each other , man throttling man .
but the long-haired argive archers aimed at hector , trying to cut him down with arrows , hurling rocks till king agamemnon cried out in a ringing voice , hold back , argives !
look , hector with that flashing helmet of his — the man is trying to tell us something now .
quickly men fell silent and hector pleaded , appealing to both armed camps : hear me — trojans , achaeans geared for combat !
priam and noble trojans command me to report , if it proves acceptable , pleasing to one and all , the offer of paris who caused our long hard campaign .
think of it : paris and menelaus loved by ares go to fight it out with their rugged spears — all for you — and the man who wins that duel , you 'll be called his wife !
listen to me , quickly !
look what heavy casualties you have suffered just for me , my violent quarrel , and paris who brought it on you all .
bring two lambs — a white male and a black ewe for the sun and earth — and we 'll bring a third for zeus .
then priam the son of dardanus rose among them , a man who could match the gods for strong advice , and with good will toward all he swayed his people : hear me , trojans , dardans , all our loyal allies — i must speak out what the heart inside me urges .
parting them , holding their staffs between both men , the herald idaeus , cool , skilled in tactics , urged , no more , my sons — do n't kill yourselves in combat !
the achaean and trojan forces both exulted , hoping this would end the agonies of war .
they hauled their chariots up in ranks , at rest , the troops dismounted and stripped away their arms and laid them down on the earth , crowded together — hardly a foot of plowland showed between them .
back to the city hector sent two heralds now to bring the lambs at once and summon priam while king agamemnon sent talthybius off , heading down to the ships for one more lamb .
and now a messenger went to white-armed helen too , iris , looking for all the world like hector 's sister wed to antenor 's son , helicaon 's bride laodice , the loveliest daughter priam ever bred .
and iris came on helen in her rooms ... weaving a growing web , a dark red folding robe , working into the weft the endless bloody struggles stallion-breaking trojans and argives armed in bronze had suffered all for her at the god of battle 's hands .
they are calling for you now , commanders of both armies , stallion-breaking trojans and argives armed in bronze — come down to the plain so you can seal our oaths . now paris and menelaus , atrides loved by ares , will fight it out with their rugged spears for helen , and helen and all her treasures go to the man who wins .
then — with a shrill wail they all stretched their arms to athena as theano , her face radiant , lifting the robe on high , spread it out across the sleek-haired goddess ' knees and prayed to the daughter of mighty father zeus : queen athena — shield of our city — glory of goddesses !
polypoetes was not alone , leonteus shared the helm , companion of ares , caeneus ' grandson , proud coronus ' son .
so nestor said and atrides ranged forward , glad at heart , and came on peteos ' son the charioteer menestheus standing idle , and circling him athenian men who could raise the cry of battle .
as for the fighting , men will see to that , all who were born in troy but i most of all .
long years had brought their fighting days to a halt but they were eloquent speakers still , clear as cicadas settled on treetops , lifting their voices through the forest , rising softly , falling , dying away .
you have no mercy , none for dying trojans .
but that girl — you never block her way with a word or action , never , you spur her on , since you , you gave her birth from your own head , that child of devastation !
but where are they now ?
you are my child .
sit in front of me , so you can see your husband of long ago , your kinsmen and your people .
you are not to blame .
i wonder if you would fume at me if i hurled a stunning blow at the god of war and drove him from the fighting ?
look , who 's that achaean there , so stark and grand ?
many others afield are much taller , true , but i have never yet set eyes on one so regal , so majestic .
and i myself , hector , your ally-to-the-death , a good long way i came from distant lycia , far from the xanthus ' rapids where i left my loving wife , my baby son , great riches too , the lasting envy of every needy neighbor .
we can not find a thing .
why cringing here ?
but finally clear-eyed athena rose and spoke : our father , son of cronus , high and mighty , we already know your power , far too well .
i am a god too .
you , hector — you are my father now , my noble mother , a brother too , and you are my husband , young and warm and strong !
years ago i visited phrygia rife with vineyards , saw the phrygian men with their swarming horses there — multitudes — the armies of otreus , mygdon like a god , encamped that time along the sangarius river banks .
and i took my stand among them , comrade-in-arms the day the amazons struck , a match for men in war .
and sighting odysseus next the old king questioned helen , come , dear child , tell me of that one too — now who is he ?
shorter than atreus ' son agamemnon , clearly , but broader across the shoulders , through the chest .
his armor 's heaped on the green field but the man keeps ranging the ranks of fighters like a ram — yes , he looks to me like a thick-fleeced bellwether ram making his way through a big mass of sheep-flocks , shining silver-gray .
helen the child of zeus replied , that 's laertes ' son , the great tactician odysseus .
well , do as you please .
you know the truth — say it !
why , think what they say of mighty heracles — there was a man , my father , that dauntless , furious spirit , that lionheart .
i know for a fact the spirit in your heart is well-disposed to me and all my efforts .
now , when they mingled with our trojans in assembly , standing side-by-side , menelaus ' shoulders mounted over his friend 's in height and spread , when both were seated odysseus looked more lordly .
whatever i choose to plan apart from all the gods — no more of your everlasting questions , probe and pry no more .
but when he let loose that great voice from his chest and the words came piling on like a driving winter blizzard — then no man alive could rival odysseus !
we no longer gazed in wonder at his looks .
catching sight of a third fighter , ajax , the old king asked her next , who 's that other achaean , so powerful , so well-built ?
he towers over the argives , his head , his massive shoulders !
and idomeneus over there — standing with his cretans — like a god , you see ?
our people will live in peace on the rich soil of troy , our enemies sail home to the stallion-land of argos , the land of achaea where the women are a wonder ... when hector heard that challenge he rejoiced and right in the no man 's land along his lines he strode , gripping his spear mid-haft , staving men to a standstill .
but why now ?
now through troy the heralds brought the offerings for the gods , sacred victims to bind and seal the oaths : two lambs and the wine that warms the heart , the yield of the vine , filling a goatskin sack , and the herald idaeus carried a gleaming bowl and golden winecups .
so off he went to lycia , safe in the escort of the gods , and once he reached the broad highlands cut by the rushing xanthus , the king of lycia gave him a royal welcome .
and on their side the trojans put on harness too , mustering throughout the city , a smaller force but nerved to engage in combat even so — necessity pressed them to fight for sons and wives .
and the one who proves the better man and wins , he 'll take those treasures fairly , lead the woman home .
i tell you this , so help me it 's the truth : if zeus with his storm-shield and queen athena ever let me plunder the strong walls of troy , you are the first , the first after myself — i 'll place some gift of honor in your hands , a tripod , or purebred team with their own car or a fine woman to mount and share your bed .
they promptly obeyed and priam climbed aboard , pulling the reins back taut .
reaching the front , they climbed down from the chariot , onto the earth that feeds us all , and into the space between achaean and trojan lines they marched .
now close beside him the bright-eyed goddess stood and urged him on : royal son of laertes , odysseus , great tactician — what , is this the way ?
the noble heralds brought on the victims marked for the gods to seal and bind the oaths .
they mixed the contenders ' wine in a large bowl and rinsed the warlords ' waiting hands with water .
atreus ' son drew forth the dagger always slung at his battle-sword 's big sheath , cut some tufts from the lambs ' heads , and heralds passed them round to achaean and trojan captains .
and marshal agamemnon took his lead : pray god you 're right , dear brother menelaus !
and his loving father laughed , his mother laughed as well , and glorious hector , quickly lifting the helmet from his head , set it down on the ground , fiery in the sunlight , and raising his son he kissed him , tossed him in his arms , lifting a prayer to zeus and the other deathless gods : zeus , all you immortals !
then promise to sacrifice twelve heifers in her shrine , yearlings never broken , if only she 'll pity troy , the trojan wives and all our helpless children , if only she 'll hold diomedes back from the holy city — that wild spearman , that invincible headlong terror !
but if priam and priam 's sons refuse to pay , refuse me , agamemnon — with paris beaten down — then i myself will fight it out for the ransom , i 'll battle here to the end of our long war .
on those terms he dragged his ruthless dagger across the lambs ' throats and let them fall to the ground , dying , gasping away their life breath , cut short by the sharp bronze .
then dipping up the wine from the mixing bowls , brimming their cups , pouring them on the earth , men said their prayers to the gods who never die .
whichever contenders trample on this treaty first , spill their brains on the ground as this wine spills — theirs , their children 's too — their enemies rape their wives !
but zeus would not fulfill their prayers , not yet .
but no , it was not the gallant odysseus ' fate to finish zeus 's rugged son with his sharp bronze , so pallas swung his fury against the lycian front .
then and there he unstrapped his polished bow , the horn of a wild goat he 'd shot in the chest one day as the springy ibex clambered down a cliff .
but priam 's son prince hector and royal odysseus measured off the ground for single combat first , then dropped two stones in a helmet , lots for casting — who would be first to hurl his bronze-tipped spear ?
— lord apollo the son of zeus replied — we 'll spur his nerve and strength , that breaker of horses , see if he 'll challenge one of the argives man-to-man and they will duel in bloody combat to the death .
hector with that flashing helmet would meet his match in combat in a moment .
the troops sat down by rank , each beside his horses pawing the ground where blazoned war-gear lay .
and now — one warrior harnessed burnished armor on his back , magnificent paris , fair-haired helen 's consort .
first he wrapped his legs with well-made greaves , fastened behind the heels with silver ankle-clasps , next he strapped a breastplate round his chest , his brother lycaon 's that fitted him so well .
come , try it !
with that he gave him his silver-studded sword , slung in its sheath on a supple , well-cut sword-strap , and ajax gave his war-belt , glistening purple .
in the same breath , shining hector reached down for his son — but the boy recoiled , cringing against his nurse 's full breast , screaming out at the sight of his own father , terrified by the flashing bronze , the horsehair crest , the great ridge of the helmet nodding , bristling terror — so it struck his eyes .
bring that man into range and let me spear him !
both men armed at opposing sides of the forces , into the no man 's land between the lines they strode , glances menacing , wild excitement seizing all who watched , the stallion-breaking trojans and argive men-at-arms .
striking a stand in the dueling-ground just cleared they brandished spears at each other , tense with fury .
suddenly paris hurled — his spear 's long shadow flew and the shaft hit menelaus ' round shield , full center — not pounding through , the brazen point bent back in the tough armor .
but his turn next — menelaus reared with a bronze lance and a prayer to father zeus : zeus , king , give me revenge , he wronged me first !
but since the gods ordained it all , these desperate years , i wish i had been the wife of a better man , someone alive to outrage , the withering scorn of men .
but pirous — aetolian thoas speared him as he swerved and sprang away , the lancehead piercing his chest above the nipple plunged deep in his lung , and thoas , running up , wrenched the heavy spear from the man 's chest , drew his blade , ripped him across the belly , took his life but he could not strip his armor .
shaking his spear , he hurled and its long shadow flew and the shaft hit paris ' round shield , hit full center — straight through the gleaming hide the heavy weapon drove , ripping down and in through the breastplate finely worked , tearing the war-shirt , close by paris ' flank it jabbed but the trojan swerved aside and dodged black death .
but lord god apollo , gazing down now from the heights of pergamus , rose in outrage , crying down at the trojans , up and at them , you stallion-breaking trojans !
father zeus , when did you ever strike a mighty king with such mad blindness — then tear away his glory ?
here i thought i 'd punish paris for all his outrage — now my sword is shattered , right in my hands , look , my spear flew from my grip for nothing — i never hit him !
i look , i ca n't find one .
lunging at paris , he grabbed his horsehair crest , swung him round , started to drag him into argive lines and now the braided chin-strap holding his helmet tight was gouging his soft throat — paris was choking , strangling .
but great ajax next — dear to the gods he hurled and his spear 's shadow flew and the shaft hit hector 's round shield , hit full center — straight through the gleaming hide the heavy weapon drove , ripping down and in through the breastplate finely worked , tearing the war-shirt , close by hector 's flank it jabbed but the trojan swerved aside and dodged black death .
so now if a god comes up to test your mettle , you must not fight the immortal powers head-on , all but one of the deathless gods , that is — if aphrodite daughter of zeus slips into battle , she 's the one to stab with your sharp bronze spear !
now he 'd have hauled him off and won undying glory but aphrodite , zeus 's daughter quick to the mark , snapped the rawhide strap , cut from a bludgeoned ox , and the helmet came off empty in menelaus ' fist .
helmet flashing , rangy hector hurled a resounding yell : diomedes — once the danaan riders prized you first of men with pride of place , choice meats and brimming cups .
one he stabbed with a bronze lance above the nipple , the other his heavy sword hacked at the collarbone , right on the shoulder , cleaving the whole shoulder clear of neck and back .
whirling it round the fighter sent it flying into his argives scrambling fast to retrieve it — back at his man he sprang , enraged with brazen spear , mad for the kill but aphrodite snatched paris away , easy work for a god , wrapped him in swirls of mist and set him down in his bedroom filled with scent .
then off she went herself to summon helen and found her there on the steep , jutting tower with a troop of trojan women clustered round her .
the goddess reached and tugged at her fragrant robe , whispering low , for all the world like an old crone , the old weaver who , when they lived in lacedaemon , wove her fine woolens and helen held her dear .
you 'd never dream he 's come from fighting a man , you 'd think he 's off to a dance or slipped away from the dancing , stretching out at ease .
she knew the goddess at once , the long lithe neck , the smooth full breasts and the fire in those eyes — and she was amazed , she burst out with her name : maddening one , my goddess , oh what now ?
but you , hector , you go back to the city , tell our mother to gather all the older noble women together in gray-eyed athena 's shrine on the city 's crest , unlock the doors of the goddess ' sacred chamber — and take a robe , the largest , loveliest robe that she can find throughout the royal halls , a gift that far and away she prizes most herself , and spread it out across the sleek-haired goddess ' knees .
so he gloried but queen hera stirred in outrage , she shook on her throne and mount olympus quaked as she cried in the face of the rugged god poseidon , you ruthless — the earth-shaker with all your power — not even a twinge of pity deep inside your heart for all these argives dying !
it would be wrong , disgraceful to share that coward 's bed once more .
but hector told them only , pray to the gods — all the trojan women , one after another .
oh how wrong it is , this anger you keep smoldering in your heart !
so she threatened and helen the daughter of mighty zeus was terrified .
but i will suffer terrible grief for you , menelaus , if you die now , if you fill out your destiny now — and i go back to parching argos in disgrace .
shrouding herself in her glinting silver robes she went along , in silence .
there aphrodite quickly brought her a chair , the goddess herself with her everlasting smile , and set it down , face-to-face with paris .
her husband noticed , and filled with pity now , hector stroked her gently , trying to reassure her , repeating her name : andromache , dear one , why so desperate ?
we 'll fight again tomorrow .
oh would to god you 'd died there , brought down by that great soldier , my husband long ago .
wait , take my advice and call a halt right here : no more battling with fiery-haired menelaus , pitting strength against strength in single combat — madness .
not i , i 'll never go back again .
do n't alarm the men , not for a moment .
he just might impale you on his spear !
but you , you just stand there — do n't even command the rest to brace and defend their wives .
i 'll bring him down tomorrow .
even we have gods who battle on our side .
not once , i swear , did i pass some handsome shrine of yours , sailing my oar-swept ship on our fatal voyage here , but on each i burned the fat and thighs of oxen , longing to raze troy 's sturdy walls to the roots .
he led the way to bed .
his wife went with him .
there , massed in formation as they were , not a single man could claim he outstripped diomedes , tydeus ' son lashing his high-strung team across the trench to reach the front and battle hand-to-hand — the first by far to kill a trojan captain , agelaus the son of phradmon .
i never met the man myself , never saw him , but they say he had no equal .
even so , we pity these argive spearmen living out their grim fates , dying in blood .
now , though , if you really want me to fight to the finish here , have all trojans and argives take their seats and pit me against menelaus dear to ares — right between the lines — we 'll fight it out for helen and all her wealth .
now aloft by the side of zeus the gods sat in council , conferring across olympus ' golden floor as noble hebe poured them rounds of nectar .
they lifted golden beakers , pledging each other warmly , gazing down on troy .
but hera and great athena were looking on and with mocking words began to provoke the father , athena leading off with taunts , her eyes bright : father zeus , i wonder if you would fume at me if i ventured a bold guess ?
and aphrodite who loves eternal laughter sobbed in answer , the son of tydeus stabbed me , diomedes , that overweening , insolent — all because i was bearing off my son from the fighting .
it 's no longer ghastly war for troy and achaea — now , i tell you , the argives fight the gods !
but then , once he received that fatal message sent from his own daughter 's husband , first he ordered bellerophon to kill the chimaera — grim monster sprung of the gods , nothing human , all lion in front , all snake behind , all goat between , terrible , blasting lethal fire at every breath !
so he mocked as athena and queen hera muttered between themselves , huddled together , plotting troy 's destruction .
but hera could hold the anger in her breast no longer , suddenly bursting out , dread majesty , son of cronus , what are you saying ?
but with hera , though , i am not so outraged , so irate — it 's always her way to thwart my will , whatever i command .
how can you think of making all my labor worthless , all gone for nothing ?
mortal labor — the sweat i poured , my horses panting , spent from launching achaea 's armies , heaping pains on priam and priam 's sons .
nothing — unless we do exactly as i say .
but zeus hates me now .
daughter of storming zeus , tireless one , athena — how hollow our vow to menelaus that he would sack the mighty walls of troy before he sailed for home — if we let murderous ares rampage on this way .
do n't lag behind , do n't fling yourself at spoils just to haul the biggest portion back to your ship .
whenever i am bent on tearing down some city filled with men you love — to please myself — never attempt to thwart my fury , hera , give me my way .
i will see to this .
charioteers swung chariots round , thrust the powerful fist of fury straight ahead and murderous ares keen to help the trojans shrouded the carnage over in dense dark night — lunging at all points , carrying out the commands of phoebus apollo , lord of the golden sword , who ordered ares to whip the trojans ' war-lust once he spotted athena veering off the lines , great pallas who 'd rushed to back the argives .
the three cities that i love best of all are argos and sparta , mycenae with streets as broad as troy 's .
raze them — whenever they stir the hatred in your heart .
we 'll simply offer the argives tactics that may save them — so they wo n't all fall beneath your blazing wrath .
you are far stronger than i. still , you must not make my labor come to nothing .
my descent the same as yours — crooked-minded cronus fathered me as well , the first of all his daughters , first both ways : both by birth and since i am called your consort and you in turn rule all the immortal gods .
you will find them a trial , though you are my wife .
so come , let us yield to each other now on this one point , i to you and you to me , and the other deathless powers will fall in line .
but quickly , order athena down to battle now , into the killing-ground of trojans and achaeans — and see that the trojans break the sworn truce first and trample on the argives in their triumph !
down you go to troy 's and achaea 's armies now — and see that the trojans break the sworn truce first and trample on the argives in their triumph .
the father of men and gods complied at once .
and the argives gave way , they quit the slaughter — they thought some god swept down from the starry skies to back the trojans now , they wheeled and rallied so .
the brilliant runner achilles lay among his ships , raging over briseis , the girl with lustrous hair , the prize he seized from lyrnessus — after he had fought to exhaustion at lyrnessus , storming the heights , and breached the walls of thebes and toppled the vaunting spearmen epistrophus and mynes , sons of king euenus , selepius ' son .
like a shooting star athena flashed across the earth , plunging down in the midst of both camped forces .
even for generations still to come , to learn that achaean armies so strong , so vast , fought a futile war .
come , let us give each other gifts , unforgettable gifts , so any man may say , trojan soldier or argive , 'first they fought with heart-devouring hatred , then they parted , bound by pacts of friendship .
as achaeans and trojans wondered what was coming , athena merged in the trojan columns like a fighter , like antenor 's son the rugged spearman laodocus , hunting for pandarus , hoping to find the archer .
find him she did , lycaon 's skilled , fearless son , standing by , flanked by the bands of shielded men who 'd trooped with him from aesepus ' dark rapids .
find him he did , lycaon 's skilled , fearless son , and went right up and challenged him to his face : pandarus , where 's your bow , your winged arrows , your archer 's glory ?
but the butcher did see tydeus ' rugged son and he dropped gigantic periphas on the spot where he 'd just killed him , ripped his life away and ares whirled at the stallion-breaking diomedes — the two of them closing fast , charging face-to-face and the god thrust first , over tydides ' yoke and reins , with bronze spear burning to take the fighter 's life .
come , up with you , whip an arrow at this invincible menelaus — now !
but swear to apollo , wolf-god , glorious archer , you 'll slaughter splendid victims , newborn lambs when you march home to zelea 's sacred city .
backing , helmet flashing , his strong hand hefting a rock from the field , dark , jagged , a ton weight — he hurled it at ajax , struck the gigantic shield , seven oxhides thick , struck right on the jutting boss and the bronze clanged , echoing round and round as ajax hoisting a boulder — far larger — wheeled and heaved it , putting his weight behind it , tremendous force — and the rock crashed home , hector 's shield burst in , hit by a millstone — and hector 's fine knees buckled , flat on his back he went , his shield crushing down on him swept him off his feet .
propping an end against the ground as cohorts braced their shields in a tight wedge to hide him , fearing bands of argives might just leap to their feet before he could hit menelaus , atreus ' fighting son .
he flipped the lid of his quiver , plucked an arrow fletched and never shot , a shaft of black pain .
quickly notching the sharp arrow on the string he swore to apollo , wolf-god , glorious archer , he 'd slaughter splendid victims , newborn lambs when he marched home to zelea 's sacred city .
squeezing the nock and string together , drawing the gut back to his nipple , iron head to the handgrip till he flexed the great weapon back in a half-circle curve — the bow sprang !
and shattered with anger , the old man withdrew but apollo heard his prayer — he loved him , deeply — he loosed his shaft at the argives , withering plague , and now the troops began to drop and die in droves , the arrows of god went showering left and right , whipping through the achaeans ' vast encampment .
but not even those hordes could match these hordes of yours , your fiery-eyed achaeans !
she reared before you , skewed the tearing shaft , flicking it off your skin as quick as a mother flicks a fly from her baby sleeping softly .
athena 's own hand deflected it down the belt where the gold buckles clasp and breastplates overlap .
the shaft pierced the tight belt 's twisted thongs , piercing the blazoned plates , piercing the guard he wore to shield his loins and block the spears , his best defense — the shaft pierced even this , the tip of the weapon grazing the man 's flesh , and dark blood came spurting from the wound .
then athena , child of zeus whose shield is thunder , letting fall her supple robe at the father 's threshold — rich brocade , stitched with her own hands ' labor — donned the battle-shirt of the lord of lightning , buckled her breastplate geared for wrenching war and over her shoulders slung her shield , all tassels flaring terror — panic mounted high in a crown around it .
the lord of men agamemnon shuddered , frightened to see the dark blood gushing from the wound .
i had already whipped an arrow into him , caught him square in the right shoulder too , just where the breastplate leaves the armpit bare , and i thought i 'd sent him down to the house of death but i 've still not laid him low .
nevertheless , king agamemnon , groaning heavily , grasped menelaus ' hand and spoke out for the men as friends around him groaned as well : dear brother — that truce i sealed in blood was death for you , setting you out alone .
just you watch , if you 'll take the time and care to taste some action , watch telemachus ' loving father lock and fight with enemy champions , stallion-breaking trojans .
and you beneath the ground who punish the dead — whoever broke his oath — be witness here , protect our binding pacts .
but they will never go for nothing , the oaths , the blood of the lambs , the unmixed wine we poured , the firm clasp of the right hand we trusted .
but with hera , though , he is not so outraged , so irate — it 's always your way to thwart his will , whatever zeus commands .
and now holding that great shield before his chest telamonian ajax marched right up to hector , threatening with his deep resounding voice , hector , now you 'll learn , once and for all , in combat man-to-man , what kind of champions range the argive ranks , even besides achilles , that lionheart who mauls battalions wholesale .
all this will come to pass .
— blazing achilles broke in quickly — what a worthless , burnt-out coward i 'd be called if i would submit to you and all your orders , whatever you blurt out .
one more thing — take it to heart , i tell you — if part of athena 's plan gives me the honor to kill them both , you check our racers here , you lash them fast to our rails then dash for aeneas ' horses — do n't forget — drive them out of the trojan lines and into ours .
then some trojan will glory , swaggering , arrogant , leaping down on the grave of famous menelaus : 'let agamemnon wreak his anger so on all his foes !
just as he led his armies here for nothing , failure .
now home he 's gone to the dear land of his fathers , his warships empty , leaving behind the hero menelaus moldering in his wake !
what are you saying ?
so he 'll boast , i know — let the great earth gape and take me down that day !
for the good of all he urged them : agamemnon !
no , do n't give up now .
it 's not my nature to shrink from battle , cringe in fear with the fighting strength still steady in my chest .
it is my pleasure too .
but the wound — a healer will treat it , apply drugs and put a stop to the black waves of pain .
agamemnon turned to the sacred herald : quick , talthybius .
the archer loosed a fresh shaft from the bowstring straight for hector , his spirit longing to hit him — but he missed and cut gorgythion down instead , a well-bred son of priam , a handsome prince , and the arrow pierced his chest , gorgythion whom priam 's bride from aesyme bore one day , lovely castianira lithe as a deathless goddess .
forward he ranged the charioteers with teams and cars , backed by infantry close behind them , milling , brave men , the defensive line of battle — that would be their role .
up now , rouse our fighting-fury !
an archer 's hit him , a good hand at the bow , some trojan or some lycian — all glory to him , a heavy blow to us .
and gaining the place where red-haired menelaus nursed his wound and a growing ring of warlords pressed around him , striding into their midst the godsent healer reached the captain 's side and quickly drew the shaft from his buckled belt — he pulled it clear , the sharp barbs broke back .
he loosed the glittering belt and slipped it off and the loin-piece and the plated guard below it , gear the bronzesmiths made .
when he saw the wound where the tearing arrow hit , he sucked out the blood and deftly applied the healing salves that chiron , friend of asclepius , gave his father long ago .
enemy weapons beating against him , worse , he dreaded the trojans too , swarming round him , a tough ring of them , brave and bristling spears , massing , rearing over their comrade 's body now and rugged , strong and proud as the great ajax was , they shoved him back — he gave ground , staggering , reeling .
you would not find him asleep , not cringing a moment , hanging back from the struggle — he pressed for battle now where men win glory .
he left his team and burnished bronze car with an aide , eurymedon , ptolemaeus piraides ' son reining off to the side his snorting pair of stallions .
antilochus sprang , he plunged a sword in his temple and mydon , gasping , hurled from his bolted car facefirst , head and shoulders stuck in a dune a good long time for the sand was soft and deep — his lucky day — till his own horses trampled him down , down flat as antilochus lashed them hard and drove them back to achaea 's waiting ranks .
then out he went on foot to range the ranks .
so he recoiled , shouting out to comrades , oh my friends , what fools we were to marvel at wondrous hector , what a spearman , we said , and what a daring fighter !
do n't tell me you rank our fathers with ourselves !
father zeus , i swear , will never defend the trojans , liars — they were the first to trample on their oaths .
so vultures will eat them raw , their firm young flesh , and we , we 'll drag their dear wives and helpless children back to the beaked ships , once we 've seized their city !
but any men he saw retreating from hateful battle he would lash with a sharp burst of rage : you argives — glorious braggarts !
down the plain he stormed like a stream in spate , a routing winter torrent sweeping away the dikes : the tight , piled dikes ca n't hold it back any longer , banks shoring the blooming vineyards can not curb its course — a flash flood bursts as the rains from zeus pour down their power , acre on acre the well-dug work of farmers crumbling under it — so under tydides ' force the trojan columns panicked now , no standing their ground , massed , packed as they were .
hector far in the lead , bristling in all his force like a hound that harries a wild boar or lion — hot pursuit , snapping quick at his heels , hindquarters and flanks but still on alert for him to wheel and fight — so hector harried the long-haired argives , killing the last stragglers , man after lagging man and they , they fled in panic .
spotting them now the lord of men agamemnon dressed them down with a winging burst of scorn : you there , peteos ' son , a king , dear to the gods !
king agamemnon , thrilled to watch them work , was quick to salute the chief and sing his praises : you are the one i prize , idomeneus , more than all our argive fighters fast with chariot-teams — whether in war or action of any sort or feasts where the ranking argive warlords mix their bowls with the shining wine of kings .
that time you vaunted you were the finest force on earth — all that empty bluster you let fly at lemnos , gorging yourselves on longhorn cattle meat and drunk to the full on brimming bowls of wine , bragging how each man could stand up to a hundred , no , two hundred trojan fighters in pitched battle .
the noble son of hippolochus answered staunchly , high-hearted son of tydeus , why ask about my birth ?
and a man may say , who sees you streaming tears , 'there is the wife of hector , the bravest fighter they could field , those stallion-breaking trojans , long ago when the men fought for troy .
with those words he left her in chryses ' arms and the priest embraced the child he loved , exultant .
elated and making way through crowds of troops he found the two called ajax , great and little , both captains armed for attack with a cloud of infantry forming up behind them .
bearing down beneath the rush of the west wind and miles away he sees it building black as pitch , blacker , whipping the whitecaps , full hurricane fury — the herdsman shudders to see it , drives his flocks to a cave — so dense the battalions grouped behind the two aeantes , packed , massed with hardy fighters dear to the gods , battalions black and bristling shields and spears , fighters sweeping into the breaking storm of war .
i for one have no desire to battle zeus , not you and i and the rest of the gods together .
so why not go back now , hurl your challenge at menelaus dear to ares , fight it out together , man-to-man again ?
oh if only — father zeus , athena , apollo — i were young again !
ah if only it might prove well and good to all , to every immortal god , men might still live on in royal priam 's citadel .
he spun on his heels and left them there in place , heading for other ranks and came on nestor next , the clear speaker of pylos posting troops , readying them for action , combat units forming under the lanky pelagon , alastor and chromius , haemon and stocky bias , skilled captain of armies .
they rushed to arms and all the gates flung wide and the trojan mass surged out , horses , chariots , men on foot — a tremendous roar went up .
and first he gave his drivers strict commands to rein their teams back hard and never panic , no fouling them in the onslaught : let no man , so sure of his horsemanship and soldier 's prowess , dare to fight it out alone with the trojans , exposed in front of his lines .
now i say this to our stallion-breaking trojans , i say no , straight out — i wo n't give up the woman !
he 'd just turned his chariot round in flight and once he 'd swerved diomedes ' spear went punching through his back , gouging his shoulder blade and driving through his chest — he spilled from the chariot , armor clanging against him .
the old soldier spurring his men with skills from a lifetime spent campaigning , battles long ago .
the minds of the younger men are always flighty , but let an old man stand his ground among them , one who can see the days behind , the days ahead — that is the best hope for peace , for both our armies .
if only some other fighter had your years and you could march with the younger , fitter men !
do n't seize the girl , agamemnon , powerful as you are — leave her , just as the sons of achaea gave her , his prize from the very first .
nevertheless , i 'll still troop with the horsemen , give them maneuvers , discipline and commands : that is the right and pride of us old men .
and how you used to boast , year in , year out , that you were the better man than fighting menelaus in power , arm and spear !
and zeus 's son sarpedon rejoiced to see him striding past and begged him in his pain , son of priam , do n't leave me lying here , such easy prey for the danaans — protect me !
but when odysseus sprang up , the famed tactician would just stand there , staring down , hard , his eyes fixed on the ground , never shifting his scepter back and forth , clutching it stiff and still like a mindless man .
the call to action had still not reached their ears and the columns were only just now forming , moving out , stallion-breaking trojans and long lines of achaeans .
antiphus hurled at him — the son of priam wearing a gleaming breastplate let fly through the lines but his sharp spear missed and he hit leucus instead , odysseus ' loyal comrade , gouging his groin as the man hauled off a corpse — it dropped from his hands and leucus sprawled across it .
seeing his anger flare , field marshal agamemnon smiled broadly and took back his taunts at once : royal son of laertes , odysseus , great tactician , i must not bait you so beyond the limit .
waiting for others to do your fighting for you ?
you — it 's your duty to stand in the front ranks and take your share of the scorching blaze of battle .
raising his spear , the lord of the war cry drove it home , planting it deep down in the earth that feeds us all and with winning words he called out to glaucus , the young captain , splendid — you are my friend , my guest from the days of our grandfathers long ago !
how could he know what work the father had in mind ?
how can you say i hang back from the fighting when argive units spur the slashing god of war against these trojan horsemen ?
what do you care ?
you 'll bring a ray of hope to your men , your father too .
you and your bluster — you are talking nonsense !
agamemnon 's cry went piercing through the army : shame !
but if he 's the man i think he is , tydeus ' gallant son , he rages so with a god beside him — not alone , no — a god with his shoulders shrouded round in cloud who deflects my shaft to a less mortal spot .
why , it 's as if they had caught you in public , doing something wrong ...
may the gods make all our bluster come to nothing .
the two aeantes , tydides and odysseus spurred them on to attack .
and he came on tydeus ' son , impetuous diomedes standing by in his bolted car behind his team with sthenelus flanked beside him , capaneus ' son .
hearing that , the son of atreus strode on .
or deny me outright .
nor did the man live long , not with the hate of all the gods against him .
or so they claim who watched him at his work .
i 've never seen such men , i never will again .
true enough , he came to mycenae once but not at war with us — a guest , a friend , with the royal polynices raising troops that time they geared to attack the holy walls of thebes .
my kin were glad to oblige and grant them their requests — till zeus changed our minds with a flash of bad omens .
so off they went , getting some distance on their way and reached the asopus ' grassy banks and reedbeds .
he marched out at once and came on crowds , menacing bands of thebans feasting away in the halls of mighty eteocles .
and now despite their courage the trojan fighters seeing the two sons of dares , one on the run , one dead beside his chariot — all their hearts were stunned .
and not only short , now , but filled with heartbreak too , more than all other men alive — doomed twice over .
but tydeus treated them all to a shameful fate , finished them all but let one run for home , heeding the gods ' signs he let the hunter off .
but every mortal calls the sea-god 's son , aegaeon , though he 's stronger than his father .
not a thought for the many times i saved his son heracles , worked to death by the labors of eurystheus .
but capaneus ' headstrong son lashed back in style : do n't lie , atrides !
we are the ones who stormed the seven gates of thebes , heading a weaker force and facing stronger walls but obeying the gods ' signs and backed by zeus .
so come , follow my orders .
i do n't blame agamemnon , our commander in chief , for goading his combat-ready argives into battle .
but if i kill him and apollo grants me glory , i 'll strip his gear and haul it back to sacred troy and hang it high on the deadly archer 's temple walls .
he pleaded with both kings , with clear good will , no more — or enormous sorrow comes to all achaea !
so now we plan how the war will all work out : do we rouse the pain and grisly fighting once again or hand down pacts of peace between both armies ?
with that challenge he sprang from his chariot fully armed and hit the ground .
both down but menelaus pitied them both , yes , and out for blood he burst through the front , helmed in fiery bronze , shaking his spear , and ares ' fury drove him , ares hoping to see him crushed at aeneas ' hands .
as a heavy surf assaults some roaring coast , piling breaker on breaker whipped by the west wind , and out on the open sea a crest first rears its head then pounds down on the shore with hoarse , rumbling thunder and in come more shouldering crests , arching up and breaking against some rocky spit , exploding salt foam to the skies — so wave on wave they came , achaean battalions ceaseless , surging on to war .
a hushed silence held the ranks .
you 'd never think so many troops could march holding their voices in their chests , all silence , fearing their chiefs who called out clear commands , and the burnished blazoned armor round their bodies flared , the formations trampling on .
fresh as two young lions off on the mountain ridges , twins reared by a lioness deep in the dark glades , that ravage shepherds ' steadings , mauling the cattle and fat sheep till it 's their turn to die — hacked down by the cleaving bronze blades in the shepherds ' hands .
no one alive has ever escaped it , neither brave man nor coward , i tell you — it 's born with us the day that we are born .
ares drove them , fiery-eyed athena drove the argives , and terror and rout and relentless strife stormed too , sister of manslaughtering ares , ares ' comrade-in-arms — strife , only a slight thing when she first rears her head but her head soon hits the sky as she strides across the earth .
now strife hurled down the leveler hate amidst both sides , wading into the onslaught , flooding men with pain .
and with that he swung their racers round , mid-flight , back again to the rout — trojans and hector after them , shouting their savage cries and pelting both men now with spears and painful arrows .
there diomedes aimed and stabbed , he gouged him down his glistening flesh and wrenched the spear back out and the brazen god of war let loose a shriek , roaring , thundering loud as nine , ten thousand combat soldiers shriek with ares ' fury when massive armies clash .
and once they reached the plains of troy where the two rivers flow , where simois and scamander rush together , the white-armed goddess hera reined her team , loosing them from the chariot-yoke and round them poured a dense shrouding mist and before their hoofs the simois sprang ambrosial grass for them to graze .
antilochus was the first to kill a trojan captain , tough on the front lines , thalysias ' son echepolus .
antilochus thrust first , speared the horsehair helmet right at the ridge , and the bronze spearpoint lodged in the man 's forehead , smashing through his skull and the dark came whirling down across his eyes — he toppled down like a tower in the rough assault .
pirous who heaved the rock came rushing in and speared him up the navel — his bowels uncoiled , spilling loose on the ground and the dark came swirling down across his eyes .
as he fell the enormous elephenor grabbed his feet , chalcodon 's son , lord of the brave-hearted abantes , dragged him out from under the spears , rushing madly to strip his gear but his rush was short-lived .
now his shield took powerful agamemnon 's spear but failed to deflect it , straight through it smashed , bronze splitting his belt and plunging down his guts — he fell , thundering , armor ringing against him .
the father , still bent on plaguing the argives and trojans both with wounds and groans in the bloody press of battle .
and telamonian ajax struck anthemion 's son , the hardy stripling simoisius , still unwed .
but never would he repay his loving parents now for the gift of rearing — his life cut short so soon , brought down by the spear of lionhearted ajax .
rearing , bolting in terror down the plain his horses snared themselves in tamarisk branches , splintered his curved chariot just at the pole 's tip and breaking free they made a dash for the city walls where battle-teams by the drove stampeded back in panic .
so lay anthemion 's son simoisius , cut down by the giant royal ajax .
nestor grasped the glistening reins in both fists , lashed the team and they charged straight at hector charging straight at them as tydides hurled a spear and missed his man but he picked the driver off , eniopeus son of proud thebaeus gripping the reins — he slashed him beside the nipple , stabbed his chest and off the car he pitched , his horses balking , rearing .
but if they give me nothing i will take a prize myself — your own , or ajax ' or odysseus ' prize — i 'll commandeer her myself and let that man i go to visit choke with rage !
whirling , killing coeranus , chromius and alastor , killing alcander and halius , prytanis and noemon — and stalwart odysseus would have killed still more but tall hector , his helmet flashing , marked him quickly , plowed through the front , helmed in fiery bronze , filling the argives ' hearts with sudden terror .
with that he hurled and athena drove the shaft and it split the archer 's nose between the eyes — it cracked his glistening teeth , the tough bronze cut off his tongue at the roots , smashed his jaw and the point came ripping out beneath his chin .
shaped like the runner acamas , prince of thrace , ares challenged the sons of priam with a vengeance : you royal sons of priam , monarch dear to the gods , how long will you let achaeans massacre your army ?
and hector called to his men in a ringing voice , trojans !
fling them at others , do n't give me commands !
but soon as i reach their hollow ships , torches — do n't forget now , one of you bring me lethal fire !
achilles the son of lovely sleek-haired thetis — the man 's not even fighting , no , he wallows in all his heartsick fury by the ships !
but zeus 's daughter athena spurred the argives on — athena first in glory , third-born of the gods — whenever she saw some slacker hanging back as she hurtled through the onset .
now amarinceus ' son diores — fate shackled diores fast and a jagged rock struck him against his right shin , beside the ankle .
he seized my foot , he hurled me off the tremendous threshold and all day long i dropped , i was dead weight and then , when the sun went down , down i plunged on lemnos , little breath left in me .
meriones caught him quickly , running him down hard and speared him low in the right buttock — the point pounding under the pelvis , jabbed and pierced the bladder — he dropped to his knees , screaming , death swirling round him .
closing , meges gave him some close attention too — the famous spearman struck behind his skull , just at the neck-cord , the razor spear slicing straight up through the jaws , cutting away the tongue — he sank in the dust , teeth clenching the cold bronze .
not i , no .
but off in his beaked seagoing ships he lay , raging away at atrides agamemnon , king of armies , while his men sported along the surf , marking time , hurling the discus , throwing spears and testing bows .
and so the two lay stretched in the dust , side-by-side , a lord of thrace , a lord of epeans armed in bronze and a ruck of other soldiers died around them .
but apollo quickly pulled him up — and now they 'd have closed with swords , hacked each other if heralds of zeus and men had not come rushing in , one from the trojans , one from the armed achaeans , talthybius and idaeus , both with good clear heads .
that day ranks of trojans , ranks of achaean fighters sprawled there side-by-side , facedown in the dust .
then pallas athena granted tydeus ' son diomedes strength and daring — so the fighter would shine forth and tower over the argives and win himself great glory .
she set the man ablaze , his shield and helmet flaming with tireless fire like the star that flames at harvest , bathed in the ocean , rising up to outshine all other stars .
her shield of lightning dazzling , swirling around her , headlong on athena swept through the argive armies , driving soldiers harder , lashing the fighting-fury in each achaean 's heart — no stopping them now , mad for war and struggle .
there was a trojan , dares , a decent , wealthy man , the god hephaestus ' priest who had bred two sons , phegeus and idaeus , trained for every foray .
breaking ranks they rushed ahead in their chariot , charging diomedes already dismounted , rearing up on foot .
they went for each other fast , close range — phegeus hurled first , his spear 's shadow flew and over tydides ' left shoulder the tip passed and never touched his body .
here 's some advice , not to be tossed aside , and i will tell it clearly .
come , up you go in our chariot , give ground now !
idaeus leapt , abandoned the handsome car but did not dare to stand and defend his dead brother — and not even so would he have fled his black death but the god of fire swept him off and saved him , shrouding the man in night so the old priest would not be wholly crushed with one son left .
and helen spoke to him now , her soft voice welling up : my dear brother , dear to me , bitch that i am , vicious , scheming — horror to freeze the heart !
but phoebus apollo called to blazing ares , ares , ares , destroyer of men , reeking blood , stormer of ramparts , ca n't you go and drag that man from the fighting ?
he swept her up from ephyra , from the selleis river after he 'd ravaged many towns of brave young warlords bred by the gods .
first agamemnon lord of men spilled the giant odius , chief of the halizonians off his car — the first to fall , as he veered away the spearhead punched his back between the shoulders , gouging his flesh and jutting out through his ribs — he fell with a crash , his armor rang against him .
as aeneas and menelaus came within arm 's reach , waving whetted spears in each other 's faces , nerved to fight it out , antilochus rushed in , tensing shoulder-to-shoulder by his captain now — and aeneas shrank from battle , fast as he was in arms , when he saw that pair of fighters side-by-side , standing their ground against him .
flat on his back he went , slamming against the ground and his killer stripped the armor brazen ares gave him .
diomedes plowed on and after him came the atridae , agamemnon and menelaus , following in their wake the great and little ajax armed in fury , idomeneus after them and idomeneus ' good aide , meriones , a match for the butcher god of war , eurypylus after them , euaemon 's gallant son , and teucer came up ninth , tensing his reflex bow and lurking under the wall of giant ajax ' shield .
then as idomeneus ' henchman stripped the corpse menelaus took scamandrius down with a sharp spear — strophius ' son , a crack marksman skilled at the hunt .
artemis taught the man herself to track and kill wild beasts , whatever breeds in the mountain woods , but the huntress showering arrows could not save him now nor the archer 's long shots , his forte in days gone by .
but euaemon 's royal son laid low his son — eurypylus , chasing hypsenor fleeing on before him , flailed with a sword , slashed the trojan 's shoulder and lopped away the massive bulk of hypsenor 's arm .
orsilochus first , then ormenus , ophelestes , daetor and chromius , princely lycophontes , polyaemon 's son amopaon and melanippus too — corpse on corpse he dropped to the earth that rears us all .
but athena , her eyes afire , grabbed the flying shaft , flicked it over the car and off it flew for nothing — and after him diomedes yelled his war cry , lunging out with his own bronze spear and pallas rammed it home , deep in ares ' bowels where the belt cinched him tight .
each one killed his man .
meges killed pedaeus , antenor 's son , a bastard boy but lovely theano nursed him with close , loving care like her own children , just to please her husband .
like a bull rising head and shoulders over the herds , a royal bull rearing over his flocks of driven cattle — so imposing was atreus ' son , so zeus made him that day , towering over fighters , looming over armies .
hector slashed eioneus ' throat with a sharp spear , ripped him under the helmet 's hammered bronze rim — his legs collapsed in death .
euaemon 's son eurypylus cut down brave hypsenor , son of lofty dolopion , a man the trojans made scamander 's priest and worshipped like a god .
should he draw the long sharp sword slung at his hip , thrust through the ranks and kill agamemnon now ?
the bloody arm dropped to the earth , and red death came plunging down his eyes , and the strong force of fate .
ares there — and for all his war cries diomedes shrank at the sight , as a man at a loss , helpless , crossing a vast plain halts short at a river rapids surging out to sea , takes one look at the water roaring up in foam and springs back with a leap .
how shameful for you , the high and mighty commander , to lead the sons of achaea into bloody slaughter !
for i , i gave you this , all of my own free will but hardly willing .
and lycaon 's shining son took up the challenge : aeneas , counselor of the trojans armed in bronze , he looks like tydeus ' son to me in every way — i know his shield , the hollow eyes of his visor , his team , i 've watched them closely .
quickly he trained his reflex bow on diomedes charging straight ahead — he shot !
sweat from under the heavy buckler 's flat strap had rubbed him raw , he was chafed and his arm ached from lifting up the strap , wiping off the blood and the dark clots .
athena halted beside him , let her challenge fly : here 's glory , son of lycaon — let me tempt you , you with your archer 's skill !
now he 'd never welcome his two sons home from war , alive in the flesh , and distant kin would carve apart their birthright .
the shining son of lycaon made the choice : take up the reins yourself , aeneas .
nor did his team go long without a master , hector found one quickly — iphitus ' daring son , archeptolemus — mounted him up behind his racers , thrust the reins in the fighting driver 's hands .
down from the car , my friend , pull this wretched arrow from my shoulder !
but diomedes lord of the war cry answered , right , old soldier — all you say is true .
but giant ajax would never fail his fallen brother — he ran to straddle and hide him with his shield as a brace of comrades shouldered up the fighter : echius ' son mecisteus helping good alastor bore him back to the hollow warships , groaning hard .
once they gained the spot where the most and bravest stood , flanking strong diomedes breaker of wild stallions — massed like a pride of lions tearing raw flesh or ramping boars whose fury never flags — the white-armed goddess hera rose and shouted loud as the brazen voice of great-lunged stentor who cries out with the blast of fifty other men , shame !
three times he charged , frenzied to bring him down , three times apollo battered his gleaming shield back — then at tydides ' fourth assault like something superhuman , the archer who strikes from worlds away shrieked out — a voice of terror — think , diomedes , shrink back now !
quick with another arrow , the archer let fly from his bowstring straight for hector , his spirit straining to hit him — shot and missed again as apollo skewed his shaft — but he leveled archeptolemus , hector 's daring driver charging headlong , caught him square in the chest beside the nipple and off his car he pitched as his horses balked , rearing , pawing the air .
but not the trojans , no .
god forbid they panic , skittish with fear , buck and never pull us out of the fighting , missing your own voice as tydeus ' son attacks — he 'll kill us both and drive them off as prizes .
aeneas straddled the body — proud in his fighting power like some lion — shielded the corpse with spear and round buckler , burning to kill off any man who met him face-to-face and he loosed a bloodcurdling cry .
as he tried to mount behind his team the famous spearman stabbed a heavy javelin deep in his right shoulder — he dropped from his war-car , gripped by the hateful dark .
so now menelaus drew his sword with silver studs and hoisting the weapon high , brought it crashing down on the helmet ridge but the blade smashed where it struck — jagged shatters flying — it dropped from atrides ' hand and the hero cried out , scanning the blank skies , father zeus — no god 's more deadly than you !
so hector prayed and placed his son in the arms of his loving wife .
and now glaucus son of hippolochus and tydeus ' son diomedes met in the no man 's land between both armies : burning for battle , closing , squaring off and the lord of the war cry diomedes opened up , who are you , my fine friend ?
but destiny guided amphius on , a comrade sworn to the cause of priam and all of priam 's sons .
as a lion charges cattle , calves and heifers browsing the deep glades and snaps their necks , so tydides pitched them both from the chariot , gave them a mauling — gave them little choice — quickly stripped their gear and passed their team to his men to lash back to the ships .
their power 's enormous — one 's a master archer , pandarus , son of lycaon , so he boasts .
who can stand against you ?
and mother , who ruled under the timberline of woody placos once — he no sooner haled her here with his other plunder than he took a priceless ransom , set her free and home she went to her father 's royal halls where artemis , showering arrows , shot her down .
how they would exult , priam and priam 's sons and all the trojans .
it 's not the hour to meet your doom , not yet .
the god was just stripping giant periphas bare , the aetolians ' best fighter , ochesius ' noble son — the blood-smeared ares was tearing off his gear but athena donned the dark helmet of death so not even stark ares could see her now .
so straight to the king she went , blurting out her lies : ' i wish you 'd die , proetus , if you do n't kill bellerophon !
and here i am , no chariot , no team to speed me on .
but back in lycaon 's halls are eleven war-cars , beauties all , fresh from the smith and fire-new and blankets spread across them .
oh the two of us !
so all on his own diomedes charged the front , lurched to a halt before old nestor 's team and winged a flight of orders at the horseman : old soldier , these young fighters wear you down — your strength goes slack and old age dogs your steps , your driver 's worthless , your horses drag their weight .
now there would have been havoc , irreversible chaos , the trojans penned in the walls of troy like sheep , but the father of men and gods was quick to the mark .
what bad luck — to snatch this curved bow off its peg that day i marched my trojans hard to your lovely town of troy , to please prince hector .
but if i get home again and set my eyes on my native land , my wife and my fine house with the high vaulting roof , let some stranger cut my head off then and there if i do n't smash this bow and fling it in the fire — the gear i packed is worthless as the wind .
nothing can stop it now .
i tell you this , and it would have come to pass : once my lightning had blasted you in your chariot , you could never have returned to mount olympus where the immortals make their home .
do — they 're your team , they 'll haul your curving chariot so much better under the driver they know best if we have to beat retreat from diomedes .
they 'll sweep us back to the city , back to safety if zeus hands tydeus ' son the glory once again .
where 's andromache gone ?
i 'll dismount from the car and fight on foot — or you engage the man and leave the team to me .
here is father 's threat — he will fulfill it too : he 'll maim your racers for you , right beneath their yokes , and you two goddesses , he 'll hurl you from your chariot , smash your car , and not once in the course of ten slow wheeling years will you heal the wounds his lightning bolt rips open !
now for a spear — we 'll see if this can kill you !
quickly — let each fighter sharpen his spear well , balance his shield well , feed his horses well with plenty of grain to build their racing speed — each man look well to his chariot 's running order , nerve himself for combat now , so all day long we can last out the grueling duels of ares !
your great father destroyed the sacred heights of troy , thanks , of course , to a man 's stupidity , proud laomedon .
and king agamemnon , thrilled at the sight of teucer whipping arrows off his bow , reaping the trojan ranks , strode up and sang his praises : teucer , lovely soldier , telamon 's son , pride of the armies — now you 're shooting !
the gallant wife in tears , longing for him , her wedded husband , the best of the achaeans — diomedes breaker of horses .
do n't harbor it deep inside you .
too well i know that ares leads the charge .
but the thebans rose in anger , lashed their teams and packed an ambush to meet him heading back — full fifty fighters with two chiefs in the lead , hunter the son of bloodlust , strong as the gods , and killerman 's son , the gifted cutthroat slaughter .
the great goddess fiery-eyed athena set him on , that fool — does n't the son of tydeus know , down deep , the man who fights the gods does not live long ?
now let ajax take this victory , shining triumph !
what have you to fear ?
oh no , you wo n't get past me , take me in that way !
look , the achaean champion 's badly wounded — i shot him down , i swear he wo n't last long — if the archer really sped me here from lycia !
but he caught his breath again .
but their master hurled from the chariot , tumbling over the wheel and pitching facedown in the dust , and above him now rose menelaus , his spear 's long shadow looming .
lash your racing horses at ares first , strike him at close range , no shrinking away here before that headlong ares !
aeneas sprang down with his shield and heavy spear , fearing the argives might just drag away the corpse , somehow , somewhere .
just as diomedes hefted a boulder in his hands , a tremendous feat — no two men could hoist it , weak as men are now , but all on his own he raised it high with ease , flung it and struck aeneas ' thigh where the hipbone turns inside the pelvis , the joint they call the cup — it smashed the socket , snapped both tendons too and the jagged rock tore back the skin in shreds .
in fast reply tlepolemus raised his ashen spear and the same moment shafts flew from their hands and sarpedon hit him square across the neck , the spear went ramming through — pure agony — black night came swirling down across his eyes .
and now the prince , the captain of men aeneas would have died on the spot if zeus 's daughter had not marked him quickly , his mother aphrodite who bore him to king anchises tending cattle once .
so she mocked , and the father of gods and mortals smiled broadly , calling the golden aphrodite over : fighting is not for you , my child , the works of war .
with that , he harnessed his bronze-hoofed horses onto his battle-car , his pair that raced the wind with their golden manes streaming on behind them , and strapping golden armor around his body , zeus himself took up his whip that coils lithe and gold and climbed aboard .
why , just now she plucked him away , she saved his life when he thought his end had come .
down he leapt from his chariot fully armed , hit the ground and brandishing two sharp spears went striding down his lines , ranging flank to flank , driving his fighters into battle , rousing grisly war — and round the trojans whirled , bracing to meet the argives face-to-face .
but they had no lust for the grind of battle now — where was the man who marched their lines to war ?
no , my friend , i have no desire to fight the blithe immortals .
but once he caught her , stalking her through the onslaught , gallant tydeus ' offspring rushed her , lunging out , thrusting his sharp spear at her soft , limp wrist and the brazen point went slashing through her flesh , tearing straight through the fresh immortal robes the graces themselves had made her with their labor .
he gouged her just where the wristbone joins the palm and immortal blood came flowing quickly from the goddess , the ichor that courses through their veins , the blessed gods — they eat no bread , they drink no shining wine , and so the gods are bloodless , so we call them deathless .
but diomedes shouted after her , shattering war cries : daughter of zeus , give up the war , your lust for carnage !
so , it 's not enough that you lure defenseless women to their ruin ?
now i think you 'll cringe at the hint of war if you get wind of battle far away .
racked with agony , her glowing flesh blood-dark .
soothing words , and with both her hands dione gently wiped the ichor from aphrodite 's arm and her wrist healed at once , her stark pain ebbed away .
and off to the left of battle she discovered ares , violent ares sitting there at ease , his long spear braced on a cloudbank , flanked by racing stallions .
save our comrade !
give me your horses — so i can reach olympus , the gods ' steep stronghold .
but cronus ' son , zeus with his shield of storm insists on embroiling me in painful struggles , futile wars of words .
and laying the victims in the chariot , noble priam climbed aboard , pulling the reins back taut .
a crack of the lash — the team plunged to a run and on the stallions flew , holding nothing back as they winged between the earth and starry skies and gaining the slopes of ida with all her springs , the mother of wild beasts , they reached gargaron peak where the grove of zeus and zeus 's smoking altar stand .
but athena , eyes bright , taking ares in hand , called the violent god away with : ares , ares , destroyer of men , reeking blood , stormer of ramparts , why not let these mortals fight it out for themselves ?
ares had to endure it , when giant ephialtes and otus , sons of aloeus , bound him in chains he could not burst , trussed him up in a brazen cauldron , thirteen months .
and then and there , menelaus , the death-stroke would have blazed before your eyes — dead at the hands of hector , a far stronger man — if argive kings had not leapt up and caught you .
and hera endured it too , that time amphitryon 's son , mighty heracles hit her deep in the right breast with a three-barbed shaft , and pain seized her , nothing calmed the pain .
how great are the pains that priam and priam 's sons have heaped on you that you rage on , relentless , forever bent on razing the well-built heights of troy ?
launch athena against him — the queen of plunder , she 's the one — his match , a marvel at bringing ares down in pain .
you could hear some trojan or achaean pleading , father zeus !
daughter of zeus whose shield is thunder , i can not let us battle the father any longer , not for mortal men .
iris , racing the wind , brushed close and whispered , come , dear girl , come quickly — so you can see what wondrous things they 're doing , stallion-breaking trojans and argives armed in bronze !
the lord of the war cry menelaus came uncalled , he knew at heart what weighed his brother down .
but once he 'd passed it round and reached the man who had scratched the stone and thrown it in the helmet — ajax bent on glory — out went his hand to take it , the herald pausing beside him dropped it in and ajax knew his mark and thrilled to see it , flung it down at his feet and shouted , friends — the lot is mine and it fills my heart with joy !
his son isander ?
we are not of the same breed , we never will be , the deathless gods and men who walk the earth .
closing quickly , coming head-to-head the son and the son 's son of zeus who marshals storms , tlepolemus opened up to taunt his enemy first : sarpedon , master strategist of the lycians , what compels you to cringe and cower here ?
and apollo lord of the silver bow and queen athena , for all the world like carrion birds , like vultures , slowly settled atop the broad towering oak sacred to zeus whose battle-shield is thunder , relishing those men .
but the lord of the silver bow devised a phantom — like aeneas to the life , wearing his very armor — and round that phantom trojans and brave achaeans went at each other , hacking the oxhides round their chests , the bucklers full and round , skin-shields , tassels flying .
antilochus marked him now , great nestor 's son went racing across the front himself , terrified for the lord of armies — what if he were killed ?
who was the first they slaughtered , who the last , the brazen god of war and hector son of priam ?
three times they have tried that point , hoping to storm troy , their best fighters led by the great and little ajax , famous idomeneus , atreus ' sons , valiant diomedes .
one would glance at a comrade , groaning , what next — battle again , more pain and grisly fighting ?
courage , come , take heart !
no doubt you bragged that you could hold your city without an army and trojan allies — all on your own , just with your sister 's husbands and your brothers .
then men who lived in aspledon , orchomenos of the minyans , fighters led by ascalaphus and ialmenus , sons of ares whom astyoche bore in actor son of azeus ' halls when the shy young girl , climbing into the upper rooms , made love with the god of war in secret , shared his strength .
but if he will not surrender her , i 'll go myself , i 'll seize her myself , with an army at my back — and all the worse for him !
so they prayed as ajax harnessed himself in burnished , gleaming bronze and once he had strapped his legs and chest in armor , out he marched like the giant god of battle wading into the wars of men when zeus drives them hard to clash and soldier on with heart-devouring hate .
but you , tydides , i stand by you as well , i guard you too .
agamemnon the lord of men did not resist .
remember the wind that scatters the dry chaff , sweeping it over the sacred threshing floor , the men winnowing hard and blond demeter culling grain from dry husk in the rough and gusting wind and under it all the heaps of chaff are piling white .
and now as the armies clashed at one strategic point they slammed their shields together , pike scraped pike with the grappling strength of fighters armed in bronze and their round shields ' bosses pounded hide-to-hide and the thunder of struggle roared and rocked the earth .
hera queen of the gods , daughter of giant cronus launched the work , harnessed the golden-bridled team while athena , child of zeus whose shield is thunder , letting fall her supple robe at the father 's threshold — rich brocade , stitched with her own hands ' labor — donned the battle-shirt of the lord of lightning , buckled her breastplate geared for wrenching war .
so tydides prayed and athena heard his prayer , put spring in his limbs , his feet , his fighting hands and close beside him winged him on with a flight of orders : now take heart , diomedes , fight it out with the trojans !
and how they thrilled to see him still alive , safe , unharmed and marching back to their lines , his soul ablaze for war , but his men asked him nothing .
you must have something better than this to say .
tlepolemus — far across the lines the armed achaeans hauled him out of the fight , and seasoned odysseus saw it , his brave spirit steady , ablaze for action now .
not till i hurl the smoke-black halls of priam headlong — torch his gates to blazing rubble — rip the tunic of hector and slash his heroic chest to ribbons with my bronze — and a ruck of comrades round him , groveling facedown , gnaw their own earth !
why , they 'd scuttle home before they can even learn if the vows of zeus with his dark cloudy shield are false or not .
now be men , my friends , call up your battle-fury !
so he will say and the fresh grief will swell your heart once more , widowed , robbed of the one man strong enough to fight off your day of slavery .
to stand up bravely , always to fight in the front ranks of trojan soldiers , winning my father great glory , glory for myself .
now giant ajax speared him through the belt , deep in the guts the long , shadowy shaft stuck and down he fell with a crash as glorious ajax rushed to strip his armor — trojans showering spears against him , points glittering round him , his shield taking repeated hits .
and someday one will say , one of the men to come , steering his oar-swept ship across the wine-dark sea , there 's the mound of a man who died in the old days , one of the brave whom glorious hector killed .
he led the men who lived in opois , cynus , calliarus , bessa and scarphe , the delightful town of augeae , tarphe and thronion down the boagrius river .
even so , we pity these argive spearmen living out their grim fates , dying in blood .
if that man takes my life with his sharp bronze blade , he will strip my gear and haul it back to his ships .
back through stakes and across the trench they fled , and hordes were cut down at the trojans ' hands — the rest , only after they reached the shipways , stood fast and shouting out to each other , flung their arms to all the immortals , each man crying out a prayer .
once they 'd dragged the bodies back to their lines they dropped the luckless twins in companions ' open arms and round they swung again to fight in the first ranks .
and next they killed pylaemenes tough as ares , a captain heading the paphlagonian shieldsmen , hot-blooded men .
menelaus the famous spearman stabbed him right where he stood , the spearpoint pounding his collarbone to splinters .
antilochus killed his charioteer and steady henchman mydon , atymnius ' strapping son , just wheeling his racers round as antilochus winged a rock and smashed his elbow — out of his grip the reins white with ivory flew and slipped to the ground and tangled in the dust .
he struck him full in the right shoulder , under the breastplate 's hollow the ripping point tore deep , shearing its way through , armor splattered with blood as pandarus triumphed , shouting over tydides wildly , move up , attack , my high-hearted trojans , lash your stallions !
he made his way through achaea 's ships and shelters , flaring his great crimson cape with a strong hand and stopped at odysseus ' huge black-bellied hull , moored mid-line so a shout could reach both wings , upshore to telamonian ajax ' camp or down to achilles ' — trusting so to their arms ' power and battle-strength they 'd hauled their trim ships up on either flank .
but a god goes with him always , beating off disaster — look , that 's ares beside him now , just like a mortal !
give ground , but faces fronting the trojans always — no use trying to fight the gods in force .
so he warned as the trojans charged them , harder — and hector , lunging , leveled a pair of men who knew the joy of battle , riding a single chariot , menesthes and anchialus .
