brideshead revisited was made into a television serial for itv , produced by granada television , in 1981 .
tranmere rovers football club is an english football club , currently playing in the football league one .
in 2005 , he was elected the president of the bundestag , the german parliament .
it has the bombay stock exchange and all major financial trading is done here .
he died at the age of 39 .
bbc yorkshire and yorkshire television both have their studios in leeds .
he converted , however , and joined muhammad after the treaty of hudaybiyyah and commanded various expeditions for him .
antarctica - lake vostok .
however , her death bothered ampere for the rest of his life .
following the defeat of germany in 1945 the cantons were once again taken over by belgium .
also , cena won the royal rumble in 2008 .
cetartiodactyla is commonly used because it is thought that whales evolved from the artiodactyls .
sam believes frodo is dead , and takes the ring to continue the quest and destroy it .
the capital of covasna county is sfântu gheorghe .
sometimes ovas garner enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series , like tenchi muyo !
the betty , a ship full of mercenaries , comes to the auriga .
chaturanga is played in india .
she married the royal gatekeeper thomas keyes in 1565 but this was without queen elizabeth 's permission .
the plan of ovando was to develop the west indies economically and expand the spanish influence in the region .
kotli used to be a small town between mirpur and muzaffarabad , but has recently grown in size .
the period of hideyoshi 's rule is usually called the momoyama period .
the opposite of the jedi are the sith , who follow the dark side of the force .
on april 19 , 2008 manning and mcgrew were married in san josé del cabo , mexico .
heaps of uncollected garbage and roving packs of semi-wild dogs were common sights .
a pianist can play music for piano alone or play together with other musicians in an ensemble or orchestra .
she began acting when she was eleven months old .
notable winners of the foot in mouth award include george w bush and donald rumsfeld .
doha was the host of the 2006 asian games , a major asian sporting event .
the head of state is queen elizabeth ii is the canada 's head of state .
fibres are often used in making other materials .
in britain , the term can mean either muffin .
in anatomy , the term ligament mostly means fibrous tissue that connects bones to other bones .
the european anchovy , engraulis encrasicolus , is the anchovy of commerce .
the connectors enforce the directed topology of a usb network .
they live in the igarape omere region to the southwest of rondônia .
british influence grew , until charles belgrave became an advisor ; belgrave brought modern education to bahrain .
the glands are named after the person who described them first , alexander skene .
the most expensive spice , saffron , comes from the crocus flower .
fevre dream is a book written by george r. r. martin in 1982 .
malcolm fraser lost the 1983 election to bob hawke .
dunst claim they also received verbal abuse .
baldwin iv becomes king of jerusalem .
bridgwater is a town in the county of somerset .
he was the last english king to die in battle .
borneo island is a few hundred kilometers to the southwest and taiwan is directly north .
the democratic republic of são tomé and príncipe is a small island nation in the gulf of guinea .
one of these songs was a duet with nicole kidman , called `` somethin ' stupid '' .
all of the constituents who are registered to vote are called the electorate .
it is land locked by brazil , paraguay , argentina , peru , and chile .
reports by the sydney morning herald suggested that napalm has been used in the iraq war by us forces .
moray eels is a family of eel .
these cell walls did not have the nucleus and other organelles found in most living cells .
it was made by machineworks northwest llc and sold by hands-on mobile .
the government of canada is responsible only to the house of commons .
seeing figaro and marcellina in celebration , susanna thinks that figaro is happy about marrying marcellina .
an official language is a language that has special status in a country .
reeve married dana morosini in april 1992 , and they had a son , will .
description snails are distinguished by torsion , a process where the body coils to one side during development .
she is the princess of the mushroom kingdom .
their home is the reebok stadium .
for ships , liberia is a flag of convenience .
it is the nearest city to the new forest .
he played as a second baseman for the yankees and rangers .
in 1987 he won the german and european kart championship .
soviet were in charge of him .
the spartans represent a more traditional and less expansive power .
her trademark weapons are the amazon fighting staff and the sai .
because of this , harry has a lightning-bolt shaped scar on his forehead .
he becomes dictator for life .
he was elected to one term in the house of representatives .
after that matthew quintal set it on fire .
he is considered one of the great masters of the persian panegyric qasideh .
ducktales is an animated disney television series .
the matrix revolutions is a 2003 movie that was written and directed by the wachowski brothers .
serenity : the visual companion .
it cant live on land so it dies and hercules climbs out of its nosteral .
tinfoil hat linux bootable floppy distribution focusing on extreme security tomsrtbt root boot disk .
cf develops when neither gene works normally .
her maternal grandparents were king henry vii of england and elizabeth of york .
kangaroos , wallabies and allies , bettongs , potaroos and rat kangaroos are all in this suborder .
astin married christine harrell on july 11 , 1992 .
career tony kahn is known for his work in radio .
however , until 1935 , the supreme court met in the united states capitol .
the famous russian mathematician lobachevsky was its rector from 1827 till 1846 .
this type of euphemism is used in politics .
book by don appell , lyrics and music by jerry herman .
it moved northwest and briefly threatened land on june 10 as warnings and watches were established .
there are eight big students ' clubs and the summer campus party is probably the biggest in germany .
zippo lighter is a refillable metal lighter made by zippo manufacturing company since 1933 .
in her research , she is known to be a disciple of the late azerbaijani historian ziya bunyadov .
this is the biggest problem with oleds .
the first rac concert was in leeds , england in 1978 .
the ocean is blue because it reflects the color of the sky .
maltese became an official language of malta in 1936 , alongside english .
aube is a department in france .
la rochelle is a city in western france near the bay of biscay .
he then became chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .
his body was taken to the french royal necropolis at saint-denis in lyon .
the hypothalamus controls body temperature , hunger , thirst and circadian cycles .
méguet is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in burkina faso .
he was also a great writer of string quartets .
the great famine of 1315-1317 .
this would be a long and difficult journey through the desert .
the most serious nuclear accident was the chernobyl disaster in 1986 .
it was the first building of the new `` gothic '' style .
david c. jewitt is a professor of astronomy at the university of hawaii institute for astronomy .
laws enacted by the reich government shall be issued by the chancellor and announced in the reich gazette .
events february 14 : first known mention of lithuania , in the annals of the monastery of quedlinburg .
he was interior minister under chancellor konrad adenauer .
the wounds caused by a club are known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
its instruments typically are brass , woodwinds , and percussion instruments .
there are different types of keyboards .
guinness also received a golden globe award and a bafta award for that movie .
since the 1960s the aral sea has been shrinking .
the division is along the line between lake constance and lake como , following the rhine .
berloz is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
the most common use for private ambulances is for patient transport .
in freetime , the maxis logo was replaced by a symbol of the sims plumbob .
the city is the county seat of maricopa county .
the marriage was ended in 1694 , on the grounds that sophia dorothea had effectively abandoned george .
in 1407 , he joined the dominican order at fiesole .
o ’ er the land of the free and the home of the brave !
hungary opened its borders to citizens of east germany on september 11 , 1989 .
the best example of this is his writing in angel season two .
in 2001 it became a part of the new borough of charlottenburg-wilmersdorf .
at the world championships , they placed 7th .
recording means to capture dataor translating information to store it on a storage medium or record .
each team has nine players .
the other two quarters show the coat of arms of the princes of schwarzburg-rudolstadt .
joondalup is a suburb and regional city in perth , western australia .
the single was released on 2003 .
leizu discovered silkworms while on a walk near the king 's mulberry trees .
other organisms , called heterotrophs , eat autotrophs .
these churches are also called old oriental churches .
some have been found in geysers , black smokers or oil wells .
in 1998 , she made her first song , `` ... baby one more time '' .
in other words , english literature includes the varieties and dialects of english spoken around the world .
events february 9 - gregory xv is elected pope .
middelkerke is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
the tree grows in central and south america .
it won a grammy and an mtv video music award .
the 100 french departments are divided into 342 arrondissements .
duke anton aleksandrovich appeared in the city rostov on don .
her personal relationship with singer marilyn manson has received media coverage .
he was convicted of rape in 1992 and served three years in jail .
in 1996 the belgian king gave him the title of baron .
mademoiselle marie souvestre was her headmistress .
salogo is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in burkina faso .
the myspace bus a bus was parked at the festival , by myspace .
yushchenko claimed to have been poisoned by political enemy 's .
it is divided into two parts by the south china sea .
sonja elen kisa made the language .
in the years 1941 to 1944 he worked in the concentration-camp mauthausen .
the title means `` summer has come in '' .
they receive a small fixed salary and a portion of the money spent by the customer .
however , it is radioactive .
he also thought that perpetual motion was impossible , except for stars .
at thirteen he became an apprentice at his uncle 's restaurant , le restaurant français , in nice .
the growth rate is 6.2 % .
finnix a small system administration live cd .
many human cultures use ants in cuisine , medication and rituals .
she called home and subsequently left the gang without ever having committed any crimes .
the organizers of the coup tried but failed to arrest boris yeltsin .
many of the genes involved in making color vision work are on the x chromosome .
there is a museum , with written records , tools , clothing and other interesting things from convict times .
the city was home to plato 's academy and aristotle 's lyceum .
it worked , and between the 12th and 13th centuries , france and the pope were very close .
the leaves are evergreen , 7–11 cm long and 3–5.5 cm wide .
paper covers rock ; paper wins .
he won the 2007 american league rookie of the year award .
he briefly studied with pianist sal mosca .
when he was young , his family moved to wilmington , delaware .
however , people have never domesticated elephants .
richard i of england taken hostage by leopold v of austria .
tyler was born liv rundgren at mount sinai hospital in new york city , new york .
it is not a sentence .
king king frederick william iii of prussia changed this to imprisonment for thirty years .
the geographic position of karachi places the port near major shipping routes such as the strait of hormuz .
the head of state is queen elizabeth ii .
on september 23 2005 , lashley made his televised wwe debut on smackdown !
the real numbers are infinite .
the closest exemplar of real nagamaki you can see today is nagamaki-naoshi .
life in hell is a comic strip made by matt groening .
it is mostly seen in shallow lagoons and coral reefs where the sea sponges it eats live .
in 1903 , the opera was performed at the metropolitan opera in new york .
it is the capital of la rioja .
usually meaning the dark page .
the latest game in the series , wizardry 8 , is only for windows .
twinkle , twinkle , little star is published , in france .
quedlinburg is a city in the state of saxony-anhalt , germany .
amélie is lighter and more romantic than his earlier movies .
an electrical unit called the ampere is named after him .
symptoms athlete 's foot causes scaling , flaking , itching , blisters and cracked skin .
the lake was filled in and the land used for the colosseum .
pbs broadcast 780 episodes over six seasons , from 1971 to 1977 .
in probability theory and statistics , the median is a number .
most meat being roasted has to cook for a long time .
it is home to the ohio state buckeyes .
for forty one years it was the tallest building in the world .
the concert took place in castle garden on the southern tip of manhattan .
axopodia are thin pseudopods and are enveloped by cytoplasm .
red roses make people think of love , beauty , and passion .
albert einstein was born in ulm .
the wife of a duke is a duchess .
journalist ulrike meinhof and two other women were allowed to join him .
they currently play in the scottish premier league , and managed by scottish manager craig levein .
by 2007 , she had released nine full-length albums .
because of its aggressive behavior , it has not been domesticated like the domestic asian water buffalo .
war between france and britain prevented him from seeing annette and caroline again for several years .
most critics have not reviewed duck hunt .
they can be found in both saltwater and fresh water .
therefore , he received the nobel prize for peace in 1919 .
menominee is a city in the u.s. state of michigan .
chlorophyll from these herbs give it its famous green color .
in 2004 haider was re-elected as governor of carinthia .
the genus strombus is made up of the true conches .
the poem metamorphoses is written by ovid .
his father died in 1833 , when james abram was 18 months old .
in august 2008 , the band released their third album , intimacy .
february 13 – the last peanuts comic strip is published .
in 1994 the unesco set the old town quedlinburg on the list of world heritage sites .
other websites the virtual absinthe museum — an online museum of absinthe history , lore , art and antiques .
mori soba topped with shredded seaweed .
different countries have different cultures .
born won the 1954 nobel prize in physics .
hundreds of students were arrested .
it is most famous for making salt and cheese .
it prevents the types of hpv that cause 70 % of cervical cancer .
the farthest moon of jupiter now known is .
its gates are guarded by the three-headed dog cerberus .
he has lived in north rhine-westphalia , berlin and schleswig-holstein .
since the 1970s , curitiba has working on alternatives to minimize the negative impacts of urbanization on rivers .
in 2000 , the population was 77,415 .
today , the panama canal has greatly reduced the need for cargo ships to travel via the horn .
a drop goal is scored by drop kicking the ball above the crossbar and between the uprights .
he died in 1963 at the age of 71 .
because the album was re-released in two additional versions , 5566 became infamous for regularly repackaging their albums .
in 1603 the king of scotland james vi of scotland became king of england too .
windows 2000 comes in four versions : professional , server , advanced server , and datacenter server .
before she can leave , though , ferrando arrives and again woos her .
they maintain the seasonal lines between ancona and hvar and between ancona and vis .
in central and western mexico are the sierra madre mountains .
they are unable to even move on land .
she says : `` better a knife in my belly than your hands on me '' .
ds is also the first online mario kart title .
windows 2000 comes in four versions : professional , server , advanced server , and datacenter server .
structure the membrane is made up of a thin layer called the `` phospholipid bilayer '' .
events march 11 – mikhail gorbachev became the leader of the communist party of the soviet union .
when it is called calcutta , it includes the suburbs .
grand theft auto : san andreas is one of the video games for the grand theft auto game series .
merelbeke is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
it was very popular in late 19th and early 20th century france .
a fertility clinic helps women to become pregnant .
christopher columbus brought the first cactus to europe .
he tossed jörmungandr into the ocean that surrounds midgard .
site accessed 7 january 2007 .
new hampshire n.h. new jersey n.j. new mexico n. mex .
red hot riding hood is a movie made by tex avery .
they play at the ernest pohl stadium in zabrze .
dalhem is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
to the surprise of many , ó ceallaigh 's was not considered for the office .
koekelberg is a municipality located in the belgian brussels-capital region .
in 1482 the dominicans sent him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
the north caucasus is the northern part of the caucasus region between europe and asia .
humanities hub the humanities hub contains classrooms for history , geography and literature .
historical events the bodhi tree at the mahabodhi temple is called the sri mahabodhi .
also in 1922 the district rudolstadt was created .
ando began sales of the cup noodles on september 18 , 1971 .
a different set of symbols are used to represent the numerals .
the proms continued in the royal albert hall .
she also acted in into the blue in 2005 and good luck chuck a few years later .
cascading protection cascading protection fully protects any page transcluded onto the protected page .
now she is singing for her mother and people who listen to her song , wishing world peace .
he and roh were pardoned a year later .
the next ones will be held in vancouver , canada in 2010 .
for the administrative region of azerbaijan , see fizuli .
at trebia , hannibal deafeated the roman infantry by a surprise attack from an ambush in the flank .
this answer was called the four noble truths .
coins are generally used for lower valued monetary units , and banknotes for higher values .
building code will specify the distance .
a movie producer creates the conditions for making movies .
dolley todd married james madison on september 14 , 1794 .
maps , weather , and airports for andorra la vella , andorra .
the town is located between the london boroughs of croydon , bromley , lambeth , southwark and lewisham .
events january 5 - great fire in eindhoven , netherlands .
it had a long neck , long tail , and long legs .
it started when james w. marshall found pieces of gold while building a sawmill for john sutter in 1848 .
in 2000 , the population was 131,063 .
new york , avon books .
the german has said himself that häkkinen is the rival he respected the most during his formula one career .
their antennae may be longer than their own body length , those of the grasshoppers are always relatively short .
he tested his inventions .
its formation is usually caused by the expansion of the trough of westerlies wind to the tropics .
the new crust then slowly moves away from the ridge .
battle of hamburger hill in vietnam .
whedon often said how the television series was more like his vision than the movie .
bats often live in caves .
the tower has 294 steps .
the cumulative ace for this season was toward the lower end of the official `` near normal '' grading .
there is no clear line between the atmosphere and outer space .
the crust similar to that of an english muffin and mostly cooked in an electric oven .
three days later , he became the first president to be buried at arlington national cemetery .
in chemistry , an ionic compound is a compound made of ions .
wren designed 53 churches in london , including st. paul 's cathedral .
resin most resin or `` gum '' varnishes consist of a natural substance dissolved in a solvent .
samobor has been there since 1242 , according to a document of endowment by king bela iv .
the state is mostly covered by jungle of amazon rainforest .
early editions of silvanus p. thompson 's calculus made easy use the older term .
ancient mathematicians made many assumptions about perfect numbers based on the four they knew .
a solar cell or photovoltaic cell is a device that converts light energy into electrical energy .
he built harpsichords , clavichords , organs , and pianos .
midgard is surrounded by a world of water or ocean .
galileo also developed a method of determining longitude based on the timing of the orbits of the galilean moons .
chief conductors since then included rudolf schwarz and the composer andrzej panufnik .
webkinz are stuffed animals .
after he won , he was signed to arista records .
the title is similar to prime minister , first minister , and president of the council .
most console workloads also cope with 128 mb at the cost of increased swap activity in tight situations .
troi served as the ship 's counselor .
he also stopped renting pews for the church .
on the mountains , coffee and beans are important products .
he wrote many operas , of which der freischütz , euryanthe and oberon are especially famous .
he completed his ph.d. in physics from princeton university in 1936 .
every note also has a seven-pointed star which has only half the printing on each side .
biography kingsley amis was born in clapham , south london , england .
in 1973 , marvin would work on his final duet album with diana ross .
the practice was different in different cultures .
almost every major christian writer has made changes similar to this at some point .
he died of a heart attack on christmas eve , 1980 .
this was the murray river renamed by charles sturt a few years later .
he won a bronze medal at the 1929 fis nordic world ski championships in zakopane .
the `` document '' , below , refers to any manual or work .
he was last seen in a video which showed him in the baghdad suburbs surrounded by supporters .
roger allam as e.p . arnold royalton , the owner of royalton industries .
biographers and historians still continue to discuss the issue and the reasons for their difficult relationship .
kennedy , a democrat , beat his republican party opponent richard nixon in the 1960 presidential election .
it is called the sweet track ; it was built in about 3800 bc .
unc is the oldest public university in the united states .
the state was formed from indian territory on november 16 , 1907 .
the southern border is on the 49th parallel , as agreed to in the oregon treaty of 1846 .
monet married alice in 1892 .
it was next to a very old palace that enrico ws restoring to live in .
on 20th september 2007 , the swiss parliament decided that in anna göldin 's case , justice was wrong .
goering , in a telephone call that evening , said : `` there is unbelievable jubilation in austria .
its capital and the largest city is novi sad and the second largest city is subotica .
the alps mountains are a physical barrier between italy and the rest of europe .
a civil war in denmark ended with the death of king sweyn iii .
crusaders defeat an egyptian invasion of the kingdom of jerusalem near ascalon .
seven incidents of nose gear malfunction , including jetblue airways flight 292 .
it continued to the north and lost tropical characteristics on august 27 .
the boxer max schmeling rode on it back to germany after defeating joe louis in the united states .
in jubei-chan 2 , with ueda as bantaro and horie as jiyu .
one of the first movies to use computer graphics extensively , tron has a distinctive visual style .
franck became organ professor at the paris conservatoire .
the royal opera house is the home of the royal opera and the royal ballet .
the southern half of the island is part of the netherlands antilles .
they started the law school in 1891 .
the count saint-germain is supposed to be buried in eckernförde near the st.-nicolai-church .
he later joined a band called the velvetones , who played at the yesler terrace .
manny defeated noah thomas in the preliminary round .
it is also called meteor scatter communication .
the picture shows a naked jesus christ on the cross with an erection .
she was born between 630 and 612 bc .
france joins england in the war against spain , which began in 1654 .
it went unnoticed for many years in the mineral collection .
the large tourism area along the shores of nearby lake huron also helps local businesses .
bahawalnagar is a city in pakistan .
after universal studios got the movie rights to firefly from fox , whedon began writing the screenplay .
the band 's first recordings were three songs that appeared on a compilation for c/z records called deep six .
adam park - the second black ranger .
bellamy 's parents divorced before he reached fourteen years of age .
four years later the peppers released their ninth studio album , stadium arcadium .
unusual letters such as q and z are worth 10 points .
some people actually consider masturbation as a cardiovascular workout .
affligem abbey , of the order of st. benedict founded in affligem , belgium .
power supplies for arc welding a lot of electricity is used in arc welding .
john lee hooker rarely played on a standard beat , changing tempos to fit the songs .
historically its part of abbasi state bahawal pur .
later , premchand worked as the deputy sub-inspector of schools .
the first war of scottish independence lasted from the outbreak of the war in 1296 until the 1328 .
seven 's major production facilities are at epping in sydney 's northern suburbs .
thomson also bought the compagnie générale de télévision where henri de france developed secam .
economy the tertiary sector is the main economic sector in sion .
mashiro kazahana is a main character in the anime my-hime .
um also became the first american university to teach in the seminar style .
the capture and trial of charles led to his beheading in january 1649 at whitehall gate in london .
triple h and michaels teamed up to suplex benoit through the announcer 's table .
first allied infantry victory in ww2 .
he was head coach of the green bay packers and the washington redskins .
in 1510 , he studied briefly with johannes trithemius .
the tehsil is administratively subdivided into 14 union councils of pakistan .
north korea borders china , russia , and south korea .
the shores of lake constance near arbon have been inhabited since the stone age .
this pull is called weight .
it is a narrow sweep of land between 20 and 400 meters wide .
greenlandic nunarput , utoqqarsuanngoravit niaqqut ulissimavoqq qiinik .
soconusco is a region of the mexican state of chiapas .
greed is a desire to have more goods , or more wealth than is needed .
nobody knows where he was born , he might have been from either london or leicester .
quakenbrück is a small town in lower saxony .
gorton is a district of the manchester in england .
a poet is someone who writes poetry .
in 2005 he killed a lamb live on his tv show .
in more casual places , neckties can be left out .
it took place from 23 october to 26 october 1944 , between the allies and the empire of japan .
book by e. y. harburg and fred saidy , music by harold arlen , lyrics by e. y. harburg .
it was made into an animated musical film by hanna barbera productions and sagittarius productions in 1973 .
he joined the navy in 1770 at the age of 12 .
the electron , muon , and tau have charge -1 .
he is the member of parliament for the paisley and renfrewshire south constituency in the united kingdom .
many cities have streets named for him .
sardinia and france defeat austria in northern italy .
beginning in 1994 , the president is the leader of the country of belarus .
they fought the soviet troops .
angle and benoit for the titles .
the mariners are part of the western division of major league baseball 's american league .
they do not bleed more than a normal person , but they bleed for much longer .
étienne brûlé is the first european to see lake superior .
mosses are non-vascular plants .
at age 15 , while his mother was dying , he was playing cards with friends and drinking .
for example , in roman catholicism , those who die in a state of grace , go into purgatory .
the work has been translated into most of the major languages of the world .
this means that the diffraction of light limits the resolution that can be achieved .
the critical mass , according to walter seifritz , is 750±180 kg .
these are east coker , stoford , evershot , halstock and yetminster .
after school he studied english literature at loyola college in baltimore and finished that in 1968 .
humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
many small islands lie within the persian gulf .
the final cause , or telos , is the purpose that something is supposed to serve .
from dap to nsdap the small number of party members were quick to believe in hitler 's ideas .
in adolescent girls , the hymen becomes thin , smooth and delicate because she has stopped taking in hormones .
however sheikh mujibur rahman was assassinated in 1975 and army chief ziaur rahman seized power .
history in 1997 , 81 % of all soybeans were of genetically modified stock .
the rural district was created on 1 august 1994 .
tampico is the main city in the state of tamaulipas , mexico .
this waste heat can be re-used if a cogeneration system is used .
drogba played for le mans at ligue 2 in 1998 .
he was first elected in the 1992 general election .
maidenhead is a town in england in berkshire .
when the people were set free , hall paid them money .
wood wedges , that swelled after being wet , were also used .
the games were released in north america and europe .
their diet leads to the accumulation of heavy metals in their flesh .
it is the fourth largest of australia 's states and territories .
he was chosen to be the president in elections on june 24 , 2005 .
the partner can put the piece on the board instead of making a normal move .
the seas surrounding asia minor are the black sea , the aegean sea and the mediterranean sea .
genk is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
san marino is one of the smallest countries in the world .
events by place roman empire august 3 - roman general tiberius defeats dalmatians on the river bathinus .
a rain dance is a ceremonial dance .
a huge population loss resulted from the mongol invasions in 1241 .
the city was founded after britain gave the island to france in 1887 .
every form 1 student has to play at least 1 musical instrument .
he was born in algeria .
it is an important part of proteins , dna , and rna .
emilio de villota is a spanish driver .
gameplay this game features a save function and an easy mode .
it has been prized as a gem and ornamental stone for thousands of years because of its interesting coloring .
geography nouakchott is located on the atlantic coast of the sahara desert .
she won three academy awards .
it is used to write the greek language .
in the middle ages the region was made rich because hanseatic city of rostock was close .
he is the current avatar , the spirit of the planet in human form .
cocaine is a stimulant .
the griddle scone is a variety of the scone .
san josé is the largest city in the bay area since 1990 and the tenth largest city in america .
a windows vista version of the game was released in 2007 .
history paris-roubaix is one of the oldest professional bicycle races .
he was born in wales , but spent most of his life in england .
history riga was founded in 1201 .
they show many of the beliefs and controversies of christianity .
camagüey is mostly low lying , with no major hills or mountain ranges passing through the province .
it is only several clusters of suburban neighborhoods .
the fruit of the aubergine plant is commonly used as a vegetable .
tailleferre carried on composing until a few weeks before her death in november , 1983 .
cuttlebone is a hard brittle structure found inside cuttlefish .
brugg is a municipality of the swiss canton of aargau .
sturgeon is common name are some 26 species of fish in the family acipenseridae .
glen 's myspace site with blog and information on any upcoming tour dates .
in 1966 he won the first of seven editions of milan-sanremo .
the plants are grown in warmer climates .
it lies on santiago island in the sotavento archipelago .
the clitoris functions solely to cause sexual pleasure and create orgasms .
recording studio a recording studio is used for recording music , speech , or other kinds of sound .
in july he had an operation on his stomach to treat cancer .
his grandparents on both sides finished school as teenagers to work for their families .
the type of incest most often reported is father-daughter incest .
he is also in the movies alpha dog and black snake moan .
he will probably have to pause for three months .
mirepoix is a city in the south of france .
on august 1 , 2002 , guerrero began to wrestle for wwe 's smackdown !
the writer h. l. mencken said that “ a dachshund is a half-dog high and a dog-and-a-half long .
salt licks placed nearby can stop porcupine damage .
his tomb is in hamadan , western iran .
transportation air greenland has air services to ilulissat .
but the soviets sent in over 150,000 troops and 2,500 tanks .
it 's the oldest town of drenthe .
robert ii , king of france marries for the third time , with constance taillefer d'arles .
they weave the tapestry of fates .
about 72 million people died .
sartell 's proximity to st. cloud allows for convenient access to st. cloud regional airport .
in cross country skiing and biathlon competitions , a skier will start every 30 to 60 seconds .
nova scotia 's government is a democracy .
normally , rainfall is the only effect that pacific hurricanes have on california .
heat waves happen during winter and cold waves happen during summer are not uncommon .
glarus lies on the linth river at the foot of the glärnisch foothills .
the theories that are well supported by data and are especially simple and general are sometimes called scientific laws .
the bears won super bowl xx in 1985 .
there are five subspecies of the short-beaked echidna , each live in different areas .
new york : harper and row , 1964 .
it is one of the nine types of leaf-eating kangaroos found as fossils in the naracoorte caves national park .
other pages lea ahlborn sources österberg , carin et al. , svenska kvinnor : föregångare , nyskapare .
the capital city is porrentruy .
this means the group includes all species of four-limbed vertebrates .
they are found along the penis shaft , from the pubic bones to the head of the penis .
tadzio is left alone on the beach .
she competed in the 2006 winter olympics and won the silver medal .
he was born in guanajuato city , guanajuato .
its county seat is mobile .
all groups started at ross 's landing at the tennessee river .
it was made by sunrise and directed by kazuki akane .
it is typical in the yucatán peninsula and some nearby caribbean islands .
the population was 15,608 at the 2000 census .
before the first world war , he lived for a time at dymock in gloucestershire .
this is very different to herodotus , who frequently mentions the role of the gods .
breaching although they are very heavy , baleen whales are able to jump completely out of the water .
the relative efficiency of jet propulsion degrades with larger animals .
but statins are the most effective treatment .
history nitra is a city with special history .
her brother fritz is jealous , and breaks it .
the black griffin to the right is for the dukes of pomerania who used a black griffin .
the american international building is a skyscraper in new york city , united states .
narasimhavarman i. the pallavas were not a recognised political power before the second century .
rand 's first book was we the living .
buk blong mi - my book .
in 2003 , he returned to general hospital as luis ' twin brother , lorenzo alcazar .
it was used in the vietnam war .
marquette is a city in the u.s. state of michigan .
there are also 48 smaller towns .
it is one of several birds in the crow family named as magpies .
a teacher is a person who helps people learn .
this short story was the first story card wrote .
the small greek force was attacked from both sides .
president james madison vetoes john c. calhoun 's bonus bill .
these including an appeal to the u.s. supreme court .
in 1997 they resolved the dispute and used the current name of rutherfordium .
isbn 0-300-05483-1 dedicated issue of philosophical transactions b on major steps in cell evolution freely available .
the city of bahawalnagar is the capital .
melville island is a member of the canadian arctic archipelago , canada with an area of .
it officially became a state two years later on january 1 , 1979 .
it is not a place to write articles , but a tool to help others in writing articles .
lesbos is one of 51 prefectures of greece .
sanrio was started by shintaro tsuji as the yamanashi silk company in 1960 .
in france , philip ii of france defeats john of england .
the romans destroyed jerusalem and its second temple on august 4th of 70 ce .
the level of violence was reduced between the manga and the anime .
neighboring districts are trier-saarburg , birkenfeld , kusel , neunkirchen , saarlouis , merzig-wadern .
references george a. jeffrey .
a sequel to the book titled max the mighty was published in 1993 .
she visited many places , both civilian and military , to boost war morale .
there are four species in the americas .
examples on the fahrenheit scale , water freezes at 32° and boils at 212° .
vasari said that leonardo painted the angel so beautifully that verrocchio put down his brush and never painted again .
it was closed in 1940 during world war ii to be used as an air-raid shelter .
in 1975 , king faisal was assassinated by one of his nephews .
it was one of the kingdoms that existed before the kingdom of spain .
the most notable monuments are the pyramids they built in their religious centers and the palaces of their rulers .
in a hundred years it was `` completely ruined '' .
however , there is much piracy around somalia 's coastal areas .
biography little is known about plautus ' early life .
modern communication way as internet , telephone , mobile are also available .
support for n-power falls the australian , 30 december 2006 .
wake county is the 9th fastest growing county in the united states .
some bolas have balls of equal weight , others vary the knot and cord .
he named his daughter after the character from batman : the animated series .
tolstoy considered this book his first true novel .
there are many lakes ; the largest is the lake enriquillo , located in the hoya de enriquillo .
the population is german speaking and either protestant or catholic .
the rain season is from may to november .
wikipedia is not a crystal ball .
it is also the biggest member of the eunomia family of asteroids .
they could get books , and ellis made good use of his time to study .
nitro won the match and became ecw champion .
ricketts , taylor h. , eric dinerstein , david m. olson , colby j. loucks , et .
but the rebellion had indirect effects on roman politics during the following years .
king ladislas of poland and hungary is killed .
women 's events were introduced at the 1928 summer olympics in amsterdam .
white oleander is a 2002 movie .
johnson began traveling up and down the delta .
it is one of the fastest growing cities in the united states , currently the 25th fastest .
the philadelphia eagles is an american football team in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
sydney harbour is also the location of the famous sydney opera house and the sydney harbour bridge .
dürer 's father died in 1502 and his mother died in 1513 .
quel giorno sulla luna 1970 .
digging into africa 's past footnotes references bonnet , charles , et .
some people who killed him were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus .
her mother is brazilian stage and television actress vera setta .
the commune is the lowest of administrative division in the french republic .
slackware-based slackware is known as a highly customizable distribution , generally considered a distribution for expert users .
when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses its energy ; the water .
a de valera was furious and ordered ó ceallaigh to return to paris .
he lost the election to fisher ames .
it is 19,069 km2 in area and has a population of 1,012,707 .
a mild deficiency will slow down the metabolism , causing decreased tolerance to cold .
it is the second most spoken semitic language after arabic , and the official language of ethiopia .
the pestle is a stick used for pounding and grinding .
they used the word to describe the rainbow of colors in visible light when separated using a prism .
in 1892 , he won the lecco-milano and the milano-torino .
there is nearly always a tower at the middle of the building , which may have a big spire .
it is in the western part of the state on the eastern edge of the black hills .
ytterbium is a rare earth element .
it won the best feature film award at the first whittier film festival in 2008 .
biography johnson 's father , allan , was in the british army 's light infantry .
he visited umayyad mosque , where john the baptist is believed to be buried .
his father was a doctor and his mother was a teacher .
in the late 1890s , scranton had several minor league baseball teams .
about 2.5 million people live in gush dan .
according to records , 16,594 people were executed with the guillotine .
a wrist strap can also be used to stop the player from dropping or throwing the wii remote .
in the next season , cecil played in all of boston 's 44 games again .
it 's population is 408,000 .
during late 2007 , samsung used the song toothpaste kisses in advertising for its sgh-g800 mobile phone .
super smash bros. , sometimes called ssb , is a series of fighting video games made by nintendo .
the budgerigar is found in the drier parts of australia .
his first published drawing was for punch magazine , at the age of 16 .
ton front est ceint de fleurons glorieux !
in 2000 , the population was 73,143 .
christians had lived in peace during most of the rule of diocletian .
fosses-la-ville is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
europe - lake ladoga , followed by lake onega , both in northwestern russia .
in 1944 , his family moved to the city of chittagong , and he went to lamabazar primary school .
gummo did not appear in any of the movies .
the high court of australia is the most powerful court in australia .
geography the state of washington is to the north , and california and nevada are to the south .
it goes from the arctic sea to the border with china and mongolia .
the others were yitzhak rabin and shimon peres .
games - has information about games .
fauset worked as a school teacher for many years .
it excludes organic material which has been transformed by geological processes into substances such as coal or petroleum .
it is the sequel to rhythm tengoku .
the european commission is also represented in the committee .
the sydney cricket ground is a sports field in sydney .
people have told these stories for a long time , so it is a part of folklore there .
wikipedia : citing sources explains how to cite references in articles .
banbury is a market town located on the river cherwell in northern oxfordshire , england .
faline was featured as a guest in house of mouse .
it used to be called ellice islands ; it was part of gilbert and ellice islands .
cobol language was based very much on her philosophy .
this was before the other independence leaders , since he was the only one well known to the allies .
they obtained independence in 1960 .
it is said to be the greatest work of architecture of its age .
he won the 2007 tour de france riding for the discovery channel team .
the ceremony would take place on september 6 , so mozart had to work quickly .
the highest point is the zugspitze , which is also the highest mountain in germany .
baseball caps have changed very little in recent decades .
he was elected to the united states house of representatives in 1806 .
since 1980 , their pastor has been john piper .
he is roman catholic .
source : cci de la marne .
from 1720-1728 he was director of the royal academy of music .
while being a french citizen , she never lost her polish identity .
it means `` fool '' or `` crazy '' .
the rest is predominantly due to land-use change , especially deforestation .
stakes rise in japan , china gas dispute asia times online .
they also measured the moon 's surface temperature .
his older brother was richard grenville-temple .
most of the stages are based on nintendo series like mario , pokémon , and the legend of zelda .
susanna is included as daniel 13 .
she was the youngest child of queen victoria , and her husband prince albert .
he also worked with u2 's adam clayton on the theme for the 1996 movie mission : impossible .
after the second world war , bush graduated from the yale university .
this cross is the cross of saint george , who is the patron saint of england .
her autobiography , me : stories of my life , came out in 1991 .
by topic arts and sciences nicholas of damascus writes the 14 volume history of the world .
when the grand trunk railway was built , the station for the town was named for the dense forest .
they may be confused .
during the second time , he said that he was going to leave israel for a couple of days .
by 1900 , all players in major league baseball teams were using uniforms .
twilight is a series of fantasy/romance books by stephenie meyer .
the nuncio is the equivalent of an ambassador , or a high commissioner in commonwealth countries .
in 2004 , the population was estimated at 1,424 inhabitants .
duels were practiced from the 15th to 20th century in western societies .
he was the first american president to be assassinated .
he died of tuberculosis at the age of 21 .
it did not say that socrates was the wisest , just that there was no person wiser .
soon after he was born the family moved to paris and stayed there .
on 26 february 2008 the philharmonic gave a concert in pyongyang in north korea .
she is now hosting her television shows , america 's next top model and the tyra banks show .
he also won the olympic gold medal for the time trial in 1996 .
when thou tookest upon thee to deliver man , thou didst not abhor the virgin 's womb .
world war i , so he did not have time to continue working on it until 1917 .
globalization and belonging : the politics of identity a changing world .
st. sixtus , a small church .
he was the son of antoine de bourbon and jeanne of navarre .
richard later worked as an intern for art and design studios in the late '80s and early '90s .
most people in chiapas are poor , rural small farmers .
the parliament of the united kingdom .
it seems nobody had been in it after the child , until it was discovered in 1994 .
major league baseball on espn radio is a broadcast presentation of major league baseball on espn radio .
the zagros region is an important part of persian gulf oil production .
guitar hero iii : legends of rock is a music video game , released on october 28 , 2007 .
he reigned from 809 to 823 .
the fact that he had made a hollywood movie gave him freedom on his next movie , amélie .
he was the son of king edward the elder .
it is the county seat of clay county .
the house is now called handel house museum and is open to the public .
he began playing bass when he was thirteen-years-old , as of september 2007 , uses a sandberg bass .
art ross bitterly complained about the stanley cup final setup .
vlad to revenge his fathers death had all the assembled nobles arrested .
the beds are weeded and watered from the pathways , so the garden soil is not compacted .
george washington rode a half-arabian named blueskin during the american revolution .
his parents are jennifer lash and mark fiennes .
the standard model explains three of these four forces .
after graduating in 1920 he did research work at the cavendish laboratory , cambridge .
cellulose is a polymer made with repeated glucose units .
it will be released during 2009 .
the light causes a change in a protein called rhodopsin .
the leaves are large , 50-70 cm wide .
his collected works fill 60–80 volumes .
her father then entered her in a little miss americapageant where chase won the national vocal competition .
peer is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
because of bad marks , von braun had to attend a boarding school near weimar , in 1925 .
most of the world 's amber is in the range of 30–90 million years old .
total||20||4 | } managerial statistics team nat from to record p !
they have a pair of antennules and a pair of antennae .
canton , michigan is a township in wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan .
i believe in jesus christ , his only son , our lord .
he was born in yapeyú , corrientes , argentina .
bury is a town in the north of the metroploitan county of greater manchester in north west england .
in 1919 , 151 co-operative party local councillors .
this lets patients undergo surgery and other procedures without the distress and pain they would normally feel .
what she wants , it seems , is to marry cherubino .
it was produced by mani ratnam and ram gopal varma along with shekar kapur .
benjamin huntsman discovered the crucible technique for making steel in 1740 .
in geography , temperate latitudes of the globe lie between the tropics and the polar circles .
kohat district is a district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
he is considered to be one of the best american writers today .
lord beardie was so angry that he said that he would play with the devil himself .
lenzburg became the economic center of the area in the 19th century .
other common names include lobster-claw , wild plantain and false bird-of-paradise .
it is a simple machine .
please tell the newcomer gently that their work is never lost .
full house is an american comedy television series .
it is the largest city in california .
pallant house gallery won the 2007 gallery of the year gulbenkian prize .
around the base are four bronze reliefs showing the three wars and the winning army marchimng into berlin .
much like her daughter marianne , she is also very emotive .
the season officially started on june 1 , 1982 , and ended on november 30 , 1982 .
in 1814 , he became a lecturer at kazan university , and in 1822 he became a full professor .
the capital of morocco is rabat .
leaves stometimes store food or water .
his totalitarian tendencies put the senatorial aristocracy against him .
it is divided into the city of london and london boroughs .
before he was made a european commissioner piebalgs worked for sandra kalniete , a member of the last commission .
she is the 2005 world junior champion .
the genus begins about 2.3 million years ago .
gullah gullah , an english-african creole language is spoken on the sea islands of south carolina and georgia .
jehoahaz died in egypt .
red hat enterprise linux-based distribution !
restoration of santa maria in cosmedin begins .
traditionally , people believed it to be the home of gods and demons of shinto .
in 1971 , pak was victorious again , this time over kim dae-jung in the general election .
it is often called the `` gateway city '' because it was important to settlers traveling out west .
it started other earthquakes as far away as alaska .
rixensart is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
for his radical ideas , milani was sent by his bishop into a sort of 'exile ' in barbiani .
common symptoms may include slurred speech , poor balance , poor coordination , reddened face and reddened eyes .
many of manor houses were equipped with small gatehouses and watchtowers .
for example , the binary number 101 is 5 in decimal .
in 1920 , he was nominated vice president under warren g.harding .
the young michael faraday was one of four children and only had the most basic school education .
his music a book of madrigals by him appeared in 1598 and a second in 1608 .
it has other offices , called delegations , in about 80 countries .
he complained that painting did not make enough money , so from 1511 to 1514 he concentrated on printmaking .
bids the four other candidate cities were rome , cape town , stockholm , and buenos aires .
in mathematics and in computer science , it is used to define a thing , usually a function .
the environmental protection agency says hydrochloric acid is a toxin .
there has been riots in harehills and chapeltown before .
chapecó is a city of the santa catarina state , in brazil .
some claimed that he was simply homesick , while others believed that he had been kidnapped by soviet officials .
blowing through the mouthpiece makes the reed vibrate and therefore makes the sound .
municipal government bürgermeister , is used in germany and austria .
however measures have been taken to combat drug trafficking .
april 6 - rama i succeeded king taksin of thailand who was overthrown in an coup d'état .
it lasted from january to november of 1919 .
bilzen is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
in 2000 , the population was 10,677 .
lassus never saw the letter , because that very same day he died .
staples grasses and sedges .
anecdotes from steve jobs ' early days in apple as reported by andy hertzfeld .
minix 3 currently supports only ia-32 architecture pc systems .
cabarrus county is a county in the u.s. state of north carolina .
this took everyone by surprise , especially because the spd was below 25 % in polls at the time .
the composer frédéric chopin wrote more than 50 mazurkas for the piano .
people who can roll their tongue can sometimes make a high pitched sound by blowing through their rolled tongue .
portuguese merchants first landed in goa in the 16th century but soon after , colonised it .
it was commonly used by the hanseatic league in the middle ages .
compilation volumes of the manga have sold over 39 million copies in japan .
in the 1700s and 1800s , the valley began to be industrialized .
buckwheat is not a true grass .
in 1858 he became organist at a new church called saint clotilde basilica .
destiny 's child is the best-selling female group of all time .
it is a white powder that is tasteless and odourless .
bamberg is served by bamberg-breitenau airfield .
hearst intervention graham held many revival meetings in los angeles in 1949 .
it was found by brett j. gladman in 2000 , and given the designation s/2000 s 5 .
on 27 february 1854 he threw himself into the river rhine .
the largest moon of the planet pluto is named charon after this mythological person .
in the netherlands , the show was shown on yorin .
his last episode aired in june 2007 .
wwe 's corporate website released a statement afterwards stating that they will investigate the incident .
wave power power from ocean surface wave motion might produce much more energy than tides .
the melbourne cup is australia 's major horse race .
torre was a municipality of the district blenio in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
awards 1979 , locus award , best sf novel category , 21st place .
staphylococcus aureus is the most common cause of staph infections .
the temperature in winter is low because it is near the koh-suleman mountains .
auburn is a city in lee county , alabama .
events canute invades england .
adelaide zoo is australia 's second oldest zoo , located in adelaide , south australia .
objects double eagle the double eagle was added ivan iii after his marriage with the byzantine princess sophia paleologue .
among them were jean baudrillard , fredric jameson and slavoj žižek .
he became the first american to win the tour de france in 1986 .
the leaves are simple , often lobed , and ridged .
the paralympic games are an elite multi-sport event for athletes with a disability .
muslim history began in arabia when muhammad recited the quran in the 7th century .
her body was never found .
cameron began acting at the age of nine , and his first job was for a breakfast cereal .
chakswari is well known for the existence of the holy pir .
later years and death at the age of 26 , pampalon found out that he had tuberculosis .
the current police ombudsman is al hutchinson .
waasmunster is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
martin luther king , jr .
some researchers see this as evidence for teotihuacan 's far-reaching interactions and political or militaristic dominance .
keane recorded the final version in 2003 at the helioscentric studios , east sussex for the album .
biography he was born in st pancras , london .
cinnamomum is a genus of evergreen trees and shrubs .
pythagoras himself claimed to remember having lived four different lives .
iron man is a superhero created by marvel comics .
the seat of a swing is attached to a chain or a rope .
the main religion in new zealand is christianity .
geography canton jura lies in northwest switzerland .
this movie was shown at the cannes film festival in france .
this release also replaced the lilo boot loader with grub .
these banana fibre rugs are woven by the traditional nepalese hand-knotted methods .
le monde nouveau , paris , 1888 vol .
the author has stated that many of the issues that caused the war remain today .
geography and people hamilton is on the west end of the niagara peninsula .
he had his most successful season in racing at 4 years old , when he won nine races .
gorgona is an island in the tuscan archipelago , a group of islands off the west coast of italy .
the æsir gods are usually connected with power and war .
he lives on lanzarote in the canary islands , spain .
february 18 - fbi agent robert hanssen is arrested for being a spy .
il sait porter la croix !
people who engage in or support iconoclasm are called iconoclasts .
in 1314 , after internal problems uguccione della faggiuola of pisa make himself lord of lucca .
the milwaukee brewers are a major league baseball team in milwaukee , wisconsin .
he showed the rituals of village life—including agriculture , hunts , meals , festivals , dances , and games .
government camden county is part of the local albemarle commission .
the name , given in august 2003 , is after tarvos from gaulish mythology .
comblain-au-pont is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
they formed in union city , new jersey in 1968 .
today the ran is one of the largest naval forces in the pacific region and the indian ocean .
he is married to former women 's number one tennis player steffi graf .
while he kept going around the moon , neil armstrong and buzz aldrin landed on the lunar surface .
a fandom can be about any interest or activity .
they also clean themselves periodically while feeding .
jack donahue was the first bushranger to have inspired bush ballads .
but it was partly due to this civil war that francisco pizarro was successful .
this is a list of cities in the united kingdom .
there is also a significant community of british and americans .
sales are the activities involved in selling products or services in return for money or other compensation .
during world war i all the allies agreed to save poland .
he went to salamanca university , but dropped out at the age of 17 .
north korea calls it east korea sea .
it is one of the world 's largest companies , behind exxon mobil .
dun beal gallimhe erected by king of connacht , tairrdelbach mac ruaidri ua conchobair .
this version had a d & g leather holder , bluetooth headphone , and fm earphones .
the fossil consists of most of the face and mandible with teeth .
fletcher 's mother came from cumberland and he was named after his grandmother , mary fletcher .
it is the county seat of larue county .
the people in christiania have developed their rules , without the danish government .
a guild is an association of craftspeople .
the plasma valve is a layer of gas inside a special shell .
isotopes of the same element also have the same number of electrons and the electronic structure .
leuze-en-hainaut is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
catholic ecumenism concerning the greek orthodox church , steady movement was made to reconcile the east-west schism .
idomeneo offers his life to the god .
its bones have also been discovered in new mexico , utah , and wyoming .
some trails are off-limits to everyone other than hikers , and few trails allow motorized vehicles .
windows 2000 comes in four versions : professional , server , advanced server , and datacenter server .
construction of the dam began in 1956 .
cheap iron and steel became mass-produced .
bacillus subtilis is considered an model organism .
world fame coco sang the song a love before time for the action-drama movie crouching tiger , hidden dragon .
in france the opera seria was not so popular .
it is also called complex systems theory , complexity science , study of complex systems and/or sciences of complexity .
monroe was madison 's secretary of state and secretary of war .
in february 2006 , poland refused visas to some researchers from iran to visit auschwitz .
it was founded by william and catherine booth in the east end of london , england in 1865 .
the parameters required to specify the state depend on the characteristics of the system .
it joins the humber estuary in the centre of kingston upon hull .
wilchingen is a municipality of the canton schaffhausen in switzerland .
tulsa became known as the `` oil capital of the world '' for most of the 20th century .
software patents maskin suggested that software patents make new inventions difficult .
xanten is the only german town whose name begins with `` x '' .
they feed on millipedes and other animals they find in the soil and litter .
battle droids are used by the confederacy of independent systems to fight the galactic republic .
the first color broadcast was in 1960 .
we know this from the writings of saint thomas aquinas on the prayer .
louis durey died at saint-tropez , provence-alpes-côte d'azur , france .
legislative branch the legislative branch has two of the constitutional bodies .
music video the music video was filmed on june 19 , 2006 in los angeles , california .
personal life henman comes from a sporting family .
she was the daughter of a tweed designer .
of major concern is a lack of jobs and housing .
she was the daughter of jinnah ’ s personal friend sir dinshaw petit .
it may be done for religious , health , beauty reasons or to stop disease .
this type of euphemism is used in politics .
her body was also later found in belgium .
terrestrial biomes with higher net primary productivity , moisture availability , and temperature .
spelling australian spelling is generally very similar to british spelling .
the church of biasca has sculptures and paintings from the 1400s and 1500s .
primates a primate 's nail only has the unguis ; the subunguis has disappeared .
implementation is usually a hardware engineering design process .
each host controller provides one or more usb ports .
cnn türk is the turkish version of international cnn .
its headquarters are in brussels , belgium .
armenia has sent around 1,500 officers to be trained in greece and russia over the past years .
cutlery are tools used for preparing , serving and eating food .
they feed at night and in the late afternoon , generally eating grass and herbs close to forest shelter .
they were mostly to test if humans could survive in space .
today the city is an important for mining , fishing , wheat , sheep and tourism .
he was secretary of state under presidents william henry harrison and john tyler .
the curse was that lamia could not close her eyes .
august august 1 - the i-35w mississippi river bridge on i-35w in minneapolis , minnesota collapsed at 6:05 pm .
moscow slowly combined the surrounding russian principalities and dominated the cultural and political legacy of kievan rus ' .
energy conservation is often the most economical solution to energy shortages .
it is currently edited by niall stokes .
these individuals make up the green lantern corps , an intergalactic police force .
events and trends events king george iii takes the british throne in 1760 .
she holds a phd on simone de beauvoir 's writings and life .
given enough time , these formations can meet .
he was given the nobel prize for literature in 1969 .
software parker lived at heritage house convalescent center , a retirement home in shelbyville , indiana .
she recently appeared as herself , on america 's next top model , as one of the judges .
he started his career as a trumpeter with the london philharmonic orchestra , later becoming principal trumpet .
he stayed there for five years becoming the first conductor of what is now the royal choral society .
its imagery and cultural proclivities indicate influences from nineteenth century gothic literature , mainly through horror movies .
other villages are kialapain and basara .
it has a regular bass figure , an ostinato and simple examples of shifts of level .
neotenic fire salamanders have not been observed .
in 1939 , nazi forces closed the jagiellonian university .
henry consulted with parliament frequently , but was sometimes at odds with them , especially over religious matters .
she was a secondary school student before 2005 .
it got its first christian bishop , trifillios , in 348 .
the village itself was burned .
repperndorf is a village in regierungsbezirk , lower franconia , bavaria , germany .
these had originally four gates : porta al borgo , porta san marco , porta carratica and porta lucchese .
in february , she hosted an academy of motion picture arts and sciences 's ceremony .
august 26 — byzantine empire loses battle of manzikert to turkish army under alp arslan .
he lectured to crowded halls at the university of paris when still in his early twenties .
the ceremony usually takes place in november or december in taipei .
mizuhara sanae - translates between mandarin and japanese .
marske by the sea is a village in the borough of redcar and cleveland in england .
the omen is a 1976 suspense/horror movie directed by richard donner .
however , the average speed and is much higher .
january 9 - the same storm which pounded the united states earlier in the month hits england and scandinavia .
she the had to move to the canterbury boarding school , in new milford , connecticut .
he lived in hamadan , a city in iran .
she is the daughter of kronos and rhea , and also the sister of zeus .
many korean metal chopsticks are decorated at the grip .
r.e.m . released its first single , `` radio free europe '' in 1981 .
he was a lawyer , then speech writer for richard nixon and gerald ford .
the government provided saddles , clothes , blankets and guns .
about 72 million people died .
construction of the al-hakim mosque begins in cairo .
after leaving muddy 's band in 1966 , cotton toured with janis joplin .
byzantion later conquered chalcedon , across the bosporus .
in 1966 , he recorded a song called `` the ballad of the green berets '' .
she was the roman version of the greek aphrodite and etruscan turan .
odessa 's oil- and chemical-processing facilities are connected to russia 's and eu 's respective networks by strategic pipelines .
in the 1820s , it was forbidden for a woman to work as a doctor .
ignatius based his authority on living his life in imitation of christ .
by 1756 , france and britain were at war .
zax wang was a member of postm3n .
at 17 he began exploring the sydney area , and went as far as berrima .
the middle eastern theatre of world war i was a large theatre during the first world war .
in 1326 minsk became a part of the grand duchy of lithuania and received its town privileges in 1499 .
giving in , wotan now tells brünnhilde that she must leave siegmund to his fate .
other important mahasiddhas include : marpa , the indian translator who brought buddhist texts to tibet .
the application of rationality to every problem is considered the essential change .
rivers the main rivers of the district were the meghna , the arial khan and the haringhata or baleswar .
instead , she sang on the steps of the lincoln memorial on easter sunday .
he was 89 years and 6 months old .
joscelin i succeeds baldwin of le bourg as count of edessa .
in the 10th century it was the eastern border of the holy roman empire .
later , it changed into public servants , journalists , accountants and lawyers .
heath ledger , hugh jackman , and russell crowe were all considered for the part of christian .
houvin-houvigneul is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
it can be made of metal , plastic , ceramic or glass .
mobile county [ p ] is a county of the u.s. state of alabama .
in 1947 , gucci introduced the bamboo handle handbag , which is still a company mainstay .
ziggy stardust : 30th anniversary edition ( emi , 2002 ) .
to delete a user subpage , see wikipedia : user page # deleting user pages and subpages .
pushing through the crowd to help her , jude is also beaten and arrested .
nymphaeaceae ( ) is a name for a family of flowering plants .
the beans take about two hours to cook .
the best-known precious metals are gold and silver .
to this day , she is proud of her efforts for working with the crew of this film .
colombia has the third largest spanish-speaking population in the world after mexico and the united states .
it was the top grossing picture of 1929 , and won the academy award for best picture .
records on three previous reviews , jeff blue , now the vice president of warner bros .
overview it was contested by 16 teams , and liberia petroleum refining company oilers won the championship .
cabell 's paternal great-grandfather , william h. cabell , was governor of virginia from 1805 to 1808 .
saffron also contributes a luminous yellow-orange colouring to foods .
the process of finding the derivative is called differentiation .
prana suffuses all living forms but is not itself the atman or individual soul .
112–115 loss of hearing around 1796 , beethoven began to lose his hearing .
he discovered a number of asteroids , including notably the trojan asteroids 617 patroclus and 624 hektor .
lido vieri ( born 16 july 1939 at piombino ) is a former italian football goalkeeper .
wood tar is microbicidal and has a pleasant odor — a sweet musky scent much like that of barbecue .
the film was directed by steven spielberg and based on the novel schindler 's ark by thomas keneally .
it was the band 's first album to chart on the billboard top 200 .
it is the largest in france , north of the seine .
vogorno is a municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
new south wales 's largest city and capital is sydney .
she was born in moscow , but she moved to paris with her parents , and earned french citizenship .
barlin is a commune and seat of a canton in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
as of 2000 , the population was 5,144 .
elastic deformation this type of deformation is reversible .
it is notable as the nearest station to stamford bridge stadium , the home of chelsea football club .
the dutch eredivisie in the 1966/1967 season was contested by 18 teams .
the original family name was spelled greig , originally from scotland .
following the key signature is the time signature .
october 29 — pope gregory viii issues the bull audita tremendi , proposing the third crusade .
45 ) , and an arrangement of the c sharp minor prelude .
rock , represented by a clenched fist .
among these are workplace satisfaction and overall quality of life .
governments often place restrictions on private postal delivery systems .
comrades whom red front and reaction shot dead march in spirit within our ranks .
paillet is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
gießen ( ) is a kreis ( district ) in the middle of hessen , germany .
vieux bourg is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
biography koechlin was born in paris , and was the youngest child of a large family .
this is a list of chemical elements , sorted by name and color coded according to type of element .
the film employs make-up , puppetry , and cgi effects to create its creatures .
the bubbles made by cavitation collapse forming tiny jets directed at the surface .
after ali 's death , muawiyah managed to overcome other claimants to the caliphate .
a half year later neville is living in london near mr. grewgious 's office .
pink floyd are an english rock band .
the particular shape and orientation of the crystals is responsible for the type of halo observed .
the club plays in the premier league , and has won more trophies than any other english club .
it is backwards compatible to the slower rates and 6-circuit alpha connectors of firewire 400 .
snl is one of the longest-running network programs in american television history .
morpheus , phobetor and phantasos appear in the dreams of kings .
the object is the same as standard sudoku , but the puzzle only uses the numbers 1 through 6 .
the project spawned many technologies that are widely used today , such as the x window system and kerberos .
to the north and the west of the canton lies france .
saturday is the only day of the week in which the english name comes from roman mythology .
the todd river was named after sir charles himself .
the prints were not published until 1863 , 35 years after goya 's death .
hispanics or latinos of any race were 3.80 % of the population .
on appeal , her conviction and sentence were confirmed with finality by the indonesian supreme court .
coal was discovered on black jack hill in 1877 .
he taught about xml , databases , software engineering and `` ebusiness '' ( electronic business ) .
the former married quarters area was converted to civilian housing .
the role varies between countries , and in some cases there are multiple secretaries of state in the government .
he was made a companion of honour ( ch ) in the 1969 new year 's day honours .
many marine gastropods are burrowers , and have a siphon that extends out from the mantle edge .
the line is presently closed to facilitate major engineering works , with an expected reopening of late 2009/early 2010 .
if no player opens , a new deal begins and everyone antes again into the same pot .
tehsils & unions in the district of karak the town of takht-e-nasrati is the headquarters of the tehsil .
the video to accompany it was recorded and produced by m industries .
it begins with people migrating to these areas from asia during the height of an ice age .
in anatomy , a tubule is a minute tube lined with glandular epithelium .
in 1929 benrath became a part of düsseldorf .
it is derived from voice of america ( voa ) special english .
steel with a low carbon content has properties similar to iron .
the remaining family members are fragments ejected by a cratering event on massalia .
from 1819–1858 odessa was a free port .
march 21 édouard daladier resigns as prime minister of france ; paul reynaud succeeds him .
wardrecques is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
in germany , punch is called kasperle or kaspar while judy is `` grete '' .
vérac is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
libramont-chevigny is a municipality of belgium .
caumont-l'éventé is a commune in the calvados department in northern france .
debian-based debian is a distribution that emphasizes free software .
tea whisks are carved from a single piece of bamboo .
the national school sailing association regatta , uk .
part of this outlook was transmitted by freemasonry , to which del pilar subscribed .
the whole-poland bike race masters has been organized yearly in chojnów for the past few years .
esztergom had one of the oldest jewish communities in hungary .
beussent is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
he died at montpelier on june 28 , the last founding father to die .
the global music industry typically awards recordings with certification awards based on the total units sold to the retailers .
a companion dvd was released in june 2003 .
their car accidentally came into the crossfire of fighting in the city .
he was elected posthumously into the ultimate hall of fame .
it is the largest city and county seat of charleston county .
the division covers an area of 31,119.97 km² , and has a population of 38,678,000 ( 2000 ) .
ouilly-le-vicomte is a commune in the department of calvados in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
a sculptor , domingo taleru , secured him a pension to allow him to attend the academy of barcelona .
before the advent of photography , engraving was used to reproduce other forms of art , for example paintings .
it is currently used mostly for football matches and is the home of santos football club .
further attacks on the troops of the khan of tandwal , who remained loyal , followed .
yvette cooper - work and pensions secretary in the brown cabinet , was also born in inverness .
the athletics are a member of the western division of major league baseball 's american league .
the film was adnan sami khan 's first and last appearance in any pakistani film .
salamandridae is a family of salamanders consisting of true salamanders and newts .
they are restricted to southern and western south america , often in association with the andes .
isbn 0-12-059820-5 external links weisstein , eric w. , `` vorticity '' .
a portion of wolf bay and of the tensaw river in northern baldwin county have received the designation .
happy rockefeller , widow of nelson rockefeller .
this includes franchises which have relocated to different cities .
voice cast edgar bergen - himself , charlie mccarthy and mortimer snerd .
it flew within 20 000 km of the planet 's cloud tops .
a screenplay or script is a written work that is made especially for a film or television program .
undated stamp duty is removed from newspapers in britain , creating mass market media in the united kingdom .
pakpattan district is a district of punjab province in pakistan , pakpattan is the district capital .
this category contains articles related to gnome .
after the show ended , spears returned to kentwood and attended high school for a year .
mistreat is a finnish racist rac-band that was formed in 1988 in kouvola .
william rose ( screenwriter ) , screenwriter born in jefferson city .
there is also a second division league in qatar .
although effective , the solution was not very stable .
after suffering an arm injury , he slumped in 1937–38 and the red wings finished last .
the tehsil , which is headquartered at the city of kharian , is administratively subdivided into 43 union councils .
crochet ( ) is a process of creating fabric from yarn or thread using a crochet hook .
paris she was active during the paris commune as an ambulance woman , treating those injured on the barricades .
bougy is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
this stimulated 1,500 students to conduct a further one-hour sit-in the lsa building , which then housed administrative offices .
the `` e '' prefix is omitted in australia and new zealand .
virginia dream centerstage is a music and variety show that occasionally airs on whsv .
she answered every question posed to her , whether about music , religion or astronomy .
the depth varies from in midstream .
the best time for sea travel is during october to may .
wolfgang fahrian ( born may 31 , 1941 ) is a former german football player .
iowa city is a city in johnson county , iowa , united states .
chéry-lès-rozoy is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
each publisher worked together , producing maps based upon their own needs and interests .
they use obscene language and they kiss each other online .
it has an area of 2570 km² and 1,045,000 inhabitants .
william b. hurt ( born march 20 , 1950 ) is an american actor .
garcelles-secqueville is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
the 1998 99 scottish premier league season was the inaugural season of scottish premier league football .
jayavarman viii of the khmer empire in cambodia abdicates ; srindravarman succeeds him .
exxon mobil cut its output by about 1,000 barrels of oil and 55,000 ft³ ( 1,500 m³ ) .
baneins is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
monday 31 october 2005 na na clichy-sous-bois , montfermeil 5 .
crouay is a commune in the calvados département in the basse-normandie region in france .
pueblos are traditional communities of native americans in the southwestern united states of america .
overview it was performed in 16 teams , and fc spartak moscow won the championship .
it is the administrative center of novosibirsk oblast as well as of the siberian federal district .
the fbi would later issue an official report refuting the criminal conspiracy theories of this time .
nowadays various forms of tamburello are popular in many nations of the world .
later , the newfoundland labrador weather office issued heavy rainfall warnings for southeastern newfoundland .
endymion is the third science fiction novel by dan simmons in his hyperion cantos fictional universe .
during 2004 and 2005 , a golani battalion reinforced the givati brigade in the gaza strip .
as a semi-independent state , the principality existed from 1571 to 1711 .
the expulsion of the carib indigenous people from martinique is carried out by french occupying forces .
los angeles was eventually selected as host city for the 1932 summer olympics .
this allows a dive bomber to accurately place bombs on relatively small and/or moving targets with relative ease .
mughals mughals are not involved in politics but they are very active in the education sector .
in total , there are more than 500 students .
the italian wikipedia ( ) is the italian-language edition of wikipedia .
royal canadian air cadets ( rcairc ) is a canadian national youth program for persons aged 12 to 18 .
charmoy is a village and commune in the aube département of northern-central france .
afternoon is that time of day between noon and sunset .
windows server 2003 ( also referred to as win2k3 ) is a server operating system produced by microsoft .
in fact i is a module over the completed group ring zp [ [ & gamma ; ] ] .
mondrepuis is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
sheriffs along the coast of louisiana imposed a curfew from 6 p.m. to 6 a.m. local time .
retrieved : 2007-11-14 the report deals with sustainable development and the change of politics needed for achieving that .
saint-ulphace is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
it was completed december 15 , 1899 .
this battle was most noted for the slaughter of the french cavalry by english longbowmen .
columbia is the county seat of richland county , but a portion of the city extends into lexington county .
sadr-e-mumlikat ) is the head of state of the islamic republic of pakistan .
minnie and mickey were both created in 1928 .
the most prominent natural features in and around chattanooga are the tennessee river and the surrounding highlands .
allouez is a village in brown county in the u.s. state of wisconsin .
it may be either monochrome ( often a shade of green or brown ) or in a camouflage pattern .
the baptistry , dedicated as usual to san giovanni , is located next to the apse of the church .
oxford university press romer , a.s. ( 1966 ) .
joncourt is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
in south america their distribution extends well into the temperate zone in the north of argentina .
mathieu orfila publishes his groundbreaking traité des poisons , formalizing the field of toxicology .
good books are focused on a certain topic and cover it as well as possible .
shepherds were most often the younger sons of farming peasants who did not inherit any land .
lake ontario ( ) is one of the five great lakes of north america .
it may be awarded to a person of any rank in any service and civilians under military command .
china has one of the world 's oldest civilizations and has the oldest continuous civilization .
unlike the short-beaked echidna , which eats ants and termites , the long-beaked species eats earthworms .
no locomotives survived long enough to acquire class 12 tops numbers .
anton webern ( 3 december 1883 15 september 1945 ) was an austrian composer and conductor .
she demurred and moved to stockholm , learning to become a typist and stenographer .
give 'em enough rope ( album liner notes ) .
in 1471 the two leagues allied with the grey league .
the crane eats small amphibians , aquatic invertebrates , insects , and plants that grow in marshes and swamps .
he discovered some comets , including periodic comet 22p/kopff and the non-periodic c/1906 e1 .
give 'em enough rope is the second album by the clash , released in 1978 .
in 2003 , he was inducted into the hockey hall of fame .
new girl in town – book by george abbott , music and lyrics by bob merrill .
the cape is named after american philanthropist morris ketchum jesup , who helped finance peary 's expeditions .
bavent is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
fireflight is an american christian rock band formed in eustis , florida in 1999 .
some grow to be institutions as large as major hospitals , whilst retaining the name clinic .
the second official language of finland , swedish , is the mother tongue of 5.5 percent of the population .
in 1975 , meir was awarded the israel prize for her special contribution to the state of israel .
montignac is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
the very small diego ramirez islands lie about south of cape horn .
in general chiapas has a humid , tropical climate .
he was a student and cantor in a benedictine monastery ( 1779-1787 ) in kremsmünster .
the two asked hughes to join on drums .
most of the more than one hundred ripuarian dialects are bound to one specific village or municipality .
while an undergraduate , cabell taught french and greek at the college .
aside from english , tao speaks cantonese , but does not write chinese .
he took the name basil when he received the habit , and he was solemnly professed in 1945 .
the st. anthony-chapel is located in kornelimünster , a district of the german city of aachen .
ub iwerks died in 1971 of a heart attack in burbank , california , aged 70 .
poland a second-level administrative division in poland is called a powiat .
their numbers were augmented by barbarian foederati , who were permitted to settle within the imperial boundaries .
moro is a city in the naushahro feroze district , of sindh , pakistan .
the romanesque style in england is more traditionally referred to as norman architecture .
montfort-le-gesnois is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
saint-célerin is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
the moon is very elongated , with its short axis 0.5 ± 0.1 times the long axis .
it is a private army of the sultan of johor located at johor bahru city .
the resulting extratropical storm moved rapidly to the northeast and affected eastern canada .
— online here schall , james , s.j . ( aug-september 1996 ) .
however , his eight year old daughter fern begs him to let it live .
no sacrifice , no victory is the seventh studio album by hammerfall and was released february 20 , 2009 .
personal life sedgwick married kevin bacon on september 4 , 1988 .
clarence house is a royal home in london , situated on the mall .
russel , jeffrey burton ( 1972 ) , witchcraft in the middle ages , pp .
during his second term he visited many nations in europe and addressed the united states congress in 1959 .
government of sindh is based in karachi , sindh , pakistan .
le breuil-en-bessin is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
in spanish , the word alma means spirit or soul .
aillières-beauvoir is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
orthographic projection is a means of representing a three-dimensional object in two dimensions .
he got his nickname after losing his genitalia in an `` unfortunate smelting accident '' .
the scythians or scythsscythians is pronounced or .
neodymium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol nd and atomic number 60 .
balsam lake is a town in polk county , wisconsin , united states .
the region was colonised by britain and gradually incorporated into the british empire .
longnes is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
on 26 april 2006 , he and mckinnon welcomed their first child , son jack william boyd .
its capital has been yellowknife since 1967 .
the race later became part of the formula one world championship .
by being calm , interested , and respectful , you do credit to your dignity and to our project .
it is administratively subdivided into 34 union councils , two of which form the tehsil capital kabirwala .
the pruth , or prut , ( ) is a 953 km long river in eastern europe .
spurgeon 's college is a theological institute of higher learning located in south norwood hill , london .
transportation bishan is connected to the rest of singapore via the central expressway .
sanghen is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
it was formed in 1955 when the afl and the cio merged after a long estrangement .
the highest peaks of the stara planina are in central bulgaria .
she also had a part in a minor tv film a pattern of roses .
references external links studylight version of the wycliffe bible ( 1395 ) searchable by phrase or chapter/verse reference .
alexandria extends about along the coast of the mediterranean sea in north-central egypt .
it is often considered a branch of political science .
even into the 20th century it was considered an open , wild territory .
saint-calez-en-saosnois is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
many of the books involve sailing ; other common subjects include fishing and camping .
the scone is a basic component of the cream tea or devonshire tea .
most wikipedians will appreciate your honesty .
the republic of venice annexes the seigniory of ravenna , ending the da polenta dynasty .
the armenian diaspora comprises the communities of armenians living outside of armenia , nagorno-karabakh and javakhk .
they soon split into cat-like and dog-like forms ( feliformia and caniformia ) .
fc rouen is a french football club based in rouen .
parné-sur-roc is a commune in the mayenne department in northwestern france .
br is a member of ard .
obsidian consists mainly of sio2 ( silicon dioxide ) , usually 70 % or more .
ferrières is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
the town developed into a flourishing cloth-making town , with a large woollen trade , by the 14th century .
in australia they are most common in forested areas where there are abundant termite-filled fallen logs .
the population of the city was 49,345 .
così fan tutte is one of the three mozart operas for which da ponte wrote the libretto .
étrun is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
computer models predicted steady strengthening as the depression tracked westward before turning to the north .
duck hunt was one of the two original pack-in titles for the first release of the game system .
nk zagreb is a croatian football club , from the croatian capital of zagreb .
together with areas of the canton of graubünden it makes up the so-called italian switzerland .
nanteuil-notre-dame is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
and forgive us our sins ; for we also forgive every one that is indebted to us .
gauls under brennus sacked rome circa 390 bc .
blackburn rovers football club is an english premier league football club based in the town of blackburn , lancashire .
laigné-en-belin is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
darius ' tomb was cut into a rock face not far from the city .
the only towns in rutland are oakham , the county town , and uppingham .
le mesnil-germain is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
brévillers is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
the first recorded use of the word 'purple ' in english was in the year ad 975 .
however , his reign was of fundamental importance to political developments in the 10th century .
colombes is a commune in the northwestern suburbs of paris , france .
bath ( ) is a city in the ceremonial county of somerset in the south west of england .
the toronto symphony orchestra ( tso ) is a canadian orchestra based in toronto , ontario .
the broons is a comic strip published in the weekly scottish newspaper , the sunday post .
they are constructed to allow movement and provide mechanical support , and are classified structurally and functionally .
the streets of paris are paved by order of philip augustus .
this locomotive resulted in 22 similar locomotives being ordered by british railways , which became their class 55 .
his father died in 1859 and he inherited the avondale estate .
she lived and travelled with him , as well as becoming a close advisor .
socialist party is the name of several different political parties around the world that are explicitly called socialist .
neubiberg is a municipality south-east of munich , germany , founded in 1912 .
in december 1949 , the netherlands formally recognised indonesian sovereignty .
xerxes recognized antiochus as his sovereign and received his sister antiochia as his bride , who later assassinated him .
in order to research the book , ellison spent time in an actual street gang in brooklyn .
pauling continued this work , but also began publishing papers on the structure of the atomic nucleus .
immunity aware programming is one kind of defensive programming .
a puddle is a small accumulation of liquid , usually water , on a surface .
the reed–solomon code , like the convolutional code , is a transparent code .
he has also written short stories , biography and other non-fiction and children 's books .
overview it was contested by 8 teams , and invincible eleven won the championship .
individual neuroscientists , however , often work on questions that span several distinct subfields .
fresné-la-mère is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
a is the first letter of the latin alphabet .
as a result , hurricane forecasters anticipated florence would develop significantly and attain major hurricane status .
no treaty was signed , and the war resumed after a few days .
citigroup center was the first skyscraper in the united states to feature a tuned mass damper .
missed spot ( or blown spot ) a move in which the timing is off .
maurizio gaudino ( born 12 december 1966 in brühl ) is a retired german football midfielder .
the group has declared its intention to attack algerian , french , and american targets .
from 1878 until 1917 all of the present-day province of kars was part of the russian oblast of kars .
for many years , this was the world 's only significant supply of protactinium .
lifespan the average lifespan of a mink is 8 years in captivity , with the maximum being 10 years .
miller , john c. sam adams : pioneer in propaganda .
he received the nobel prize in physiology or medicine with edgar adrian , 1st baron adrian in 1932 .
dr. martensens trykte moralske paragrapher [ dr. martensen ’ s printed moral paragraphs ] , copenhagen 1846 .
the giraffe can surivive without water for extended periods .
the least skipper ( ancyloxypha numitor ) is a north american butterfly in the family hesperiidae .
efficiency also involves avoiding injuries , both short and long term .
alexander lukashenko has been the only person who has served as president since the elections in 1994 .
it was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the undisputed queen of drury lane .
many buildings are also built out of volcanic rock from the local area .
polish aviation museum ( ) is a large museum of old aircraft and aircraft engines in kraków , poland .
it was named after george smith houston , a governor of alabama .
the city , while under roman rule , was called juliomagus .
microsoft encarta is a digital multimedia encyclopedia published by microsoft corporation since 1993 .
in 1901 he was appointed a deputy assistant adjutant general .
it made landfall near puerto vallarta , in the mexican state of jalisco , on october 25 .
mickey then shoots derek , killing him .
jimmy eat world is an american alternative rock band from mesa , arizona , formed in 1993 .
capelle-lès-hesdin is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
loucelles is a commune in the département of calvados in the basse-normandie region of france .
shelton benjamin became the third participant when he defeated jimmy wang yang on the following episode of smackdown .
35.168.6 m for headquarters996.9 m for field operations employees 11,260 in field operations ( 2007 ) icrc .
most of the city was built within three years .
history the district was created in 1816 when the area became property of prussia .
zero itself is neither positive nor negative .
stade municipal is a multi-use stadium in ouagadougou , burkina faso .
the station , and all trains serving it , are operated by national express east anglia .
she later joined again with prior , this time using the name silly sisters for their duo .
the caspian sea is entirely landlocked , with no access to the ocean .
slipknot is an american heavy metal band from des moines , iowa , formed in 1995 .
these actions play a part in precipitating the scottish wars of independence , which begin in 1296 .
the french-speaking population makes up a little bit more than two thirds of the total population .
the oklahoma city thunder are a professional basketball franchise based in oklahoma city , oklahoma .
la caine is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
designed to have low overhead , run on older hardware , and be easily customizable .
john barrow ( 1991 ) theories of everything : the quest for ultimate explanations .
fert , albert , jean-luc duvail , tierry henri .
mount carmel is a town located in hawkins county , tennessee .
all cowry shells have a porcelain-like shine except hawaii 's granulated cowry , cypraea granulata .
she is the elder sister of solange , a singer-songwriter and actress .
– copies of this issue may still be available for purchase from the south american explorer .
this grade one listed building was built in 1897 and designed by william frame .
bessemer is a birmingham suburb in jefferson county , alabama , united states eight miles west of hoover .
reception box office the film opened in new york city and los angeles on may 24 , 2006 .
please do not place copyrighted , offensive , slanderous , or libelous content in the sandboxes .
éparcy is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
incourt is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
normal film runs at 24 frames per second ( frame/s ) .
this combination of propellants is sometimes still used in torpedoes .
his next theatrical film , 1989 's listen to me , performed poorly at the box office .
any effort to extend it was halted by the growing cost of the korean war and rearmament .
it enjoyed a very high rating of 30.8 % and features music by cagnet .
caffiers is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
monts-en-bessin is a commune in the department of calvados in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
the states-provincial are directly elected every four years as well .
malakand district is one of the districts in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
burnt candlemas : edward iii of england burns down every town and village in lothian , scotland .
he died at his house in st john 's wood , london .
the band embarked on its biggest tour yet , playing nearly 200 shows in 2003 and 2004 .
mickey 's house of villains is a direct-to-video film created by disney .
clams eat plankton by filter feeding , and they themselves are eaten by small sharks and squid .
marles-les-mines is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
most of these positions can be used for either vaginal or anal penetration .
it is pork marinated and cooked in red wine with coarsely crushed coriander seed .
scientists discovered the bacterium in a 43-year-old american woman who had traveled to peru for three weeks .
the passage sparked massive outrage within india .
in 1883 , the french navy occupied the city to prevent british conquest of the area .
buire-le-sec is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
in 1919 both were merged into the volksstaat reuß , which then became part of thuringia in 1920 .
similarly , for slow changes poco a poco cresc .
grâce-hollogne is a municipality of belgium .
that fall saw a great escalation of the anti-war actions of the new left .
it typically has a covered deck , and a cockpit covered by a spraydeck also known as a skirt .
the words were written by seydou badian kouyaté and the music was by banzoumana sissoko .
following its discovery , cupid was given the temporary designation s/2003 u 2 .
political , economic and social life was in full swing there .
the book includes a field guide to help people identify the common animals and plants on the reef .
he relieved vice admiral russ shalders on 4 july 2008 .
senlecques is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
however , use of the language is on the rise .
it has a population of about 1,000 and administratively lies in the west nusa tenggara province .
this is a rare form of color blindness .
called pounding on the spot in the burton translation of the perfumed garden .
it has an area of about .
belle glade is a city in palm beach county , florida on the southeastern shore of lake okeechobee .
culoz is a commune in the ain department in the rhône-alpes region of france .
unkel is a municipality in the district of neuwied , in rhineland-palatinate , germany .
the zutons is an english indie rock band from liverpool .
over 250 buses and 260 trolleybuses transport about 500,000 passengers every workday .
she was brought up by her father 's parents , and received a liberal education .
cena then immediately pinned the big show to win the match and the united states championship .
monprimblanc is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
soldiers of the special forces guarded the eavsdropping post on the hilltop .
prior to the discovery of procaine , cocaine was the most commonly used local anesthetic .
marquay is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
the drink tasted spicy and bitter , unlike modern hot chocolate , which is typically sweet .
crucified barbara is a swedish all-female metal band , formed in stockholm in 1998 .
from 1885 to 1901 , locomotives stopped at young tank to replenish their water .
hear the noise of broken chains , see the noble equality enthroned .
history the county was formed in 1842 from lincoln county .
masud seizes the throne of the ghaznavid empire after the death of his father mahmud .
you may also want to read our introduction page to learn more about contributing .
she portrayed the character alexx woods , a medical examiner in the forensics-related drama csi : miami .
the thinker ( ) a bronze and marble sculpture by auguste rodin .
it was shorter than s. armatus , at 7 metres ( 23 ft ) .
cuiry-lès-iviers is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
at the end of their lives , they simply become dimmer and dimmer .
the klein bottle was first described in 1882 by the german mathematician felix klein .
elephants - animal corner the largest elephant ever recorded was shot in angola in 1956 .
columbia pictures industries , inc. ( cpii ) is an american film production and distribution company .
r is the eighteenth letter of the modern latin alphabet .
impact on society rocks have had a huge impact on the cultural and technological advancement of the human race .
it is located near the pakistani border with iran .
this is a summary of the 1999 major league soccer season .
marigné-laillé is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
in return for board and tuition , charlotte taught english and emily taught music .
pamphlets can contain anything from information on kitchen appliances to medical information and religious treatises .
washing is one way of cleaning , namely with water and often some kind of soap or detergent .
eureka is a city in woodford county , illinois , united states .
the first contact occurs between the byzantine empire and the seljuks .
in the film she is played by emily browning .
its headquarters are located in washington , d.c. , usa .
the mulde river runs through the easternmost part of the district .
it is a milder form of x-linked adrenoleukodystrophy ( x-ald ) .
a possible tornado in southampton parish downed trees and caused light property damage .
world leaders king frederick iv of denmark ( 1699 1730 ) .
leftover salmon is a jam band from boulder , colorado , formed in 1989 .
there have been many holiday specials , two television films and a documentary film about the series .
fir park stadium is a football stadium situated in motherwell , north lanarkshire , scotland .
he assumed the office on 16 may 2007 after defeating socialist party candidate ségolène royal 10 days earlier .
dar es salaam was retained as the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .
the village was founded in 972 .
the cromwell current was discovered in 1952 by townsend cromwell a researcher with the honolulu laboratory .
it occurs in western thailand and southeast burma , where it occupies limestone caves along rivers .
the shigar river is formed from the melting water of the baltoro glacier and biafo glacier .
masovian voivodeship ( 1816–1837 ) masovian voivodeship was one of the voivodeships of congress poland .
quebec 56°n very strong influence of the labrador current on summer temperatures .
he also proved adept at dealing with the divisions between the nationalist party and the country party .
ants have colonised almost every landmass on earth .
tickets can be retailed for national rail services , the docklands light railway and on oyster card .
crupilly is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
cecilia colledge performed a one hand biellmann spin at the 1937 world figure skating championships .
the genome includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .
the eye is a 2008 horror film starring jessica alba .
construction was completed in 1254 under frederick 's son , conrad iv of germany .
the once thriving jewish community has been in slow decline since the mid 20th century .
they also developed the light gun used in duck hunt .
saint-martin-de-laye is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
the saints ' way ( ) is a long-distance footpath in cornwall , in the united kingdom .
the eruption killed as many as 72,000 .
derived terms a common japanese proverb refers to a preference for practical things rather than aesthetics .
topography the area is situated between two mountains , thandiani and miranjani .
infection generally occurs through wound contamination and often involves a cut or deep puncture wound .
at one of the celebrated gewandhaus concerts he played his third piano concerto , which was received enthusiastically .
the castle starred michael caton and anne tenney , eric bana , and charles 'bud ' tingwell .
the subclass lissamphibia includes all recent amphibians and means smooth amphibia .
pascal , valerie , the disciple and his devil .
currently it is navigable up as far as seville , but in roman times it was navigable to córdoba .
curitiba is divided into 9 regional governments ( boroughs ) covering the 75 neighbourhoods of the city .
in 1806 it came under the sovereignty of the grand duchy of hesse .
construction paper or sugar paper is a tougher type of coarse colored paper typically available in large sheets .
states are allowed to keep a proportion of the revenue to cover administration ( 25 % ) .
it is also a proof that all theoretically unbreakable ciphers must have the same requirements as the one-time pad .
in march 2001 , the world wrestling federation purchased world championship wrestling .
characteristics metis ' direction of rotation is unknown at present , due to ambiguous data .
retrieved on 2009-04-21 books books have been released as tie-ins , including xena warrior princess : complete illustrated companion .
cramaille is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
he is most famous for his roles in doctor zhivago , funny girl and lawrence of arabia .
beaurevoir is a commune in the department of aisne in picardie in northern france .
the taiwan strait or formosa strait is a 180-km-wide ( 111.85-mile-wide ) strait between mainland china and taiwan .
dallon is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
nasa 's jimo ( jupiter icy moons orbiter ) was cancelled in 2005 .
origny-en-thiérache is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
offshore , ismael produced waves of up to 30 feet ( 9 m ) in height .
with a population of approximately 91,000 , it is the third-largest city in the country .
doctor who is a british science fiction television programme produced by the bbc .
the city of birmingham symphony orchestra ( cbso ) is a british orchestra based in birmingham , england .
the name influenza comes from the italian influenza , meaning `` influence '' ( ) .
this has caused jones and every crewman to gradually transform into deformed creatures resembling sea life .
his father died in 1779 , after which his mother took care of his education .
soon after , melina and nitro began teaming with joey matthews , later known as joey mercury .
sains-en-gohelle is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
the party is also an observer in the broader european anticapitalist left .
prada is considered one of the most influential clothing designers in the fashion industry .
he learned and became fluent in ukrainian and remarried ( with svitlana ivanivna shcherbatiuk ) in 1956 .
the paris métro or métropolitain ( ) is the rapid transit system in paris .
dorengt is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
a large number of plants can be either shrubs or trees , depending on the growing conditions they experience .
tomonori tateishi ( born april 22 , 1974 in chiba , japan ) is a former japanese football player .
hurricane nate was an atlantic hurricane that threatened bermuda but remained at sea during early september 2005 .
ann arbor , michigan : marketing communications ( university of michigan ) , july 7 , 2004 .
in 1973 , plans were made to move the capital to dodoma .
the northern section of upper egypt , between el-ayait and sohag is sometimes known as middle egypt .
from 450 bc these settlements were gradually taken over by the etruscans .
anantha is the serpent shesha on whom padmanabhan or vishnu reclines .
roquesteron is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in southeastern france .
the piece consists of five acts ( relatively isolated episodes ) each representing a different theme .
he became a naturalized citizen of the united states in 1943 , and grew up in los angeles .
membrane processes use semi-permeable membranes and pressure to separate salts from water .
bellonne is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
human beings and other primates have five digits on each hand as well as five toes on each foot .
in the film , he is a minor antagonist who wants to eat mowgli .
a jug band is a band employing a jug player and a mix of traditional and home-made instruments .
overview it was contested by 10 teams , and qatar sc won the championship .
he graduated from george school , a quaker boarding school in bucks county , pennsylvania , in 1956 .
it has the highest elevation of any market town in england .
the line has two depots , at northfields and cockfosters .
this is the oldest , the original order founded by padmasambhava .
in physics , mechanical work is the amount of energy transferred by a force acting through a distance .
winners are selected by a jury of judges in the week leading up to the ceremony .
a way of representing six-bit characters as raised dots in a braille cell .
there is much overlap and vaguely-defined or changeable boundaries between what psychiatrists claim are distinct illness states .
since 2005 it is part of the uci protour and has been moved to august .
nœux-lès-auxi is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
xy sex determination is found in other organisms , including the common fruit fly and some plants .
marc overmars ( born 29 march 1973 in emst , gelderland ) is a retired dutch football player .
soon after its release in japan , the ps3 was released in north america on november 17 , 2006 .
a `` roman mill '' features a vertical wheel ( on a horizontal shaft ) .
isbn 081730410x houston county was the last county created in the state , on february 9 , 1903 .
nédon is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
the nazi leadership was concerned over this because they wanted german women to be as reproductive as possible .
moral reasoning is a study in psychology that overlaps with moral philosophy .
the port and the town are linked by a railway .
the average temperature in santo domingo in january is 24 °c and 27 °c in july .
minagawa became the oldest living person in japan when then 114-year-old ura koyama died in april 2005 .
34 629 to 641 emperor jomei tamura ( oki nagatarashihi hironuka no sumera mikoto ) traditional dates .
with further study , some of these will probably turn out to be related to each other .
gorani avoids discussing her political and religious views , citing the need for professional neutrality .
the nearby stevenage leisure park has a multiplex cinema , clubs and restaurants .
overview it was contested by 10 teams , and bohemian f.c . won the championship .
he has since become incorporated into a number of buddhist and taoist folklore tradition .
one example of such a star-forming region is the orion nebula .
moncé-en-saosnois is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
the west chancel is dedicated to st. peter symbolizing the pope .
weill became a naturalized citizen of the united states in 1943 .
the portuguese house of habsburg ( also called the philippine dynasty ) rule lasts until 1640 .
portraiture is tinged with naturalism , under the influence of roman art .
behavior they are primarily insectivorous , and catch insects by jumping at them .
le locheur is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
after the match , both men shook hands in the ring .
she is now a music student at brigham young university and a political activist .
life early life born on october 20 , 1819 , in shiraz to a middle-class merchant of the city .
the attack is completely successful if the corresponding plaintexts can be deduced , or even better , the key .
the inventor of slush puppies previously stayed on west avenue .
no space probes have visited any of the dwarf planets .
the video premiered on july 22 , 2008 .
a liturgy is the customary public worship done by a specific religious group , according to their particular traditions .
history baldwin county was established on december 21 , 1809 ten years before alabama became a state .
references external links lark rise to candleford at bbc .
in 1962 , crosby became the first recipient of the grammy lifetime achievement award .
the taoiseach nominates a member of the government to the position of tánaiste .
death by may 1904 , chekhov was terminally ill with tuberculosis .
it is located in the ulus quarter of the city .
he normally appears in a running gag , where he usually suffers unfortunate , nearly always tragic , events .
juillac is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
these ideally provide excellent habitat for chinkara , hog deer and blue bull .
french became , and remained until the 20th century , the common language of diplomacy in international affairs .
chinnamalai 's soldiers battled against the british at malavalli front and caused severe damage to the british forces .
maresquel-ecquemicourt is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
indulgences replaced the severe penances of the early church , .
early tango was known as tango criollo , or simply tango .
isbn 0-7509-3049-7 external links livadia.org alexanderpalace.org frozentears.org a media library of the last imperial family .
in 1999 , rattle was appointed as successor to claudio abbado as the orchestra 's principal conductor .
saint-hymer is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
compare the taxonomic classification of the pack rat and cotton mouse .
pernes-lès-boulogne is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
maisoncelles-la-jourdan is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
pargnan is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
le grez is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
postal regions do not necessarily follow state borders , so sorting by state is not practical .
titus thanks the gods for servilia 's truthfulness and immediately forswears the idea of coming between her and annius .
zagreb ( ) is the capital and the largest city of croatia .
sainte-croix-grand-tonne is a commune in the department of calvados in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
common rock-forming mafic minerals include olivine , pyroxene , amphibole , and biotite .
33-45 the diagram illustrates sinope 's orbital elements in relation to other satellites of the group .
the steam locomotives of british railways were used by british railways over the period 1948–1968 .
the number of participants is however limited and a ticket must be reserved months in advance .
due to the distortion that the cranium has suffered , a 3d computer reconstruction has not been produced .
their habits are similarly variable , with some species climbing trees , and others burrowing in the ground .
chamoson is a municipality in the district of conthey in the canton of valais in switzerland .
multiplying by 5 to multiply a number by 5 , 1 .
abbécourt is a commune in the aisne department in picardy in northern france .
notable lakes lake michigan-huron is the largest lake by surface area : 117,350 km² .
a younger brother was also born to the family on 28 august 1867 , but died the following year .
lucerne ( ) is a city in switzerland .
éghezée is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
dango are eaten year-round , but the different varieties are traditionally eaten in given seasons .
a broom is a cleaning tool which also had other uses , e.g . magical and punitive .
the album also won the band a 2003 swedish grammy award for best hard rock performance .
grünberg received his intermediate diploma in 1962 from the johann wolfgang goethe university in frankfurt .
pour l'afrique et pour toi , mali , notre combat sera unité .
today a great number of small and middle-sized businesses dominate the economy .
clube atlético mineiro , usually known as atlético , is a football club based in belo horizonte , brazil .
references external links town of berne , official web page .
the eora people lived on the southern side of the harbour , close to where the first fleet settled .
ut mine stromtid also presents some of the local aspects of the revolutionary movement of 1848 .
hot chocolate and churros is the traditional working-man 's breakfast in spain .
personal life dandurand was born in bourbonnais , illinois .
derivation of names the genus name and specific descriptor may come from any source .
history and development andrew gower wrote runescape with the assistance of his brother , paul gower .
it is now home to the diocesan museum , and the museo della cattedrale .
many of the components are designed to mirror those available in microsoft office .
as compensation , bcc bought property on syningen in hallingdal .
they also commonly eat berries , roots , leaves , grasses , fungi , and nuts .
the hungary national football team represents hungary in international football and is controlled by the hungarian football federation .
the last sacre was that of charles x , 29 may 1825 .
they are members of the northwest division of the western conference of the national hockey league ( nhl ) .
the new year 's celebration has been broadcast live on tv since 31 december 1962 .
this made him highly unpopular in protestant ( primarily hussite ) bohemia .
latvia has been a nato member since march 29 , 2004 .
chaplet of divine mercy [ ] in 1936 , faustina became ill , since speculated to be tuberculosis .
at the voyager 2 images cressida appears as an elongated object , the major axis pointing towards uranus .
gilgamesh is described as two-thirds god and one-third human .
total damages from the storm were $ 30 million .
there shines found work in the construction industry but continued to play in local bars .
all events were held at the sports hall in munich from august 27th through september 1st .
the area now occupied by the town was settled by europeans in 1833 or 1834 .
she chose to sing lennon 's `` in my life '' a cappella .
a rhyme in the strict sense is also called a perfect rhyme .
the deluxe edition includes four extra songs , a bonus dvd and a 32-page booklet .
extant royal primogenitures styled principality include asturias ( spain ) , and wales ( uk ) .
feather dusters take advantage of the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as dander .
wireless intercepts decoded by british intelligence suggest , however , that his illness was strictly physical .
juan de la cosa makes a voyage to south america .
the care bears movie is a 1985 animated feature film .
he is the conservative member of parliament for rutland and melton and shadow leader of the house of commons .
in 2006 , the guardian heralded lanark as `` one of the landmarks of 20th-century fiction .
hunter passed examinations and qualified for promotion to lieutenant in february 1760 .
in oceania , easter island , an island of chile , also belongs to this time zone .
it is the county seat of quay county .
eure is a department in the north of france named after the river eure .
the clinic was very modern and remained in the control of the binswanger family for nearly 120 years .
his detractors claim he suffered a nervous breakdown during the rising .
turquoise is a slightly greenish shade of cyan .
valbonne is a commune near nice in the alpes-maritimes department in the provence-alpes-côte d'azur region in southeastern france .
kazan state university is located in kazan , tatarstan , russia .
the open upper deck had back-to-back `` knifeboard '' seats , necessary to fit under bargate arch .
tré cool eventually replaced sobrante in late 1990 when he left green day in order to go to college .
italy national football team mazzola also played 70 times for italy , scoring 22 goals .
in 1989 , colbert was the recipient of the kennedy center honors for lifetime achievement .
16843 , 2124679 ( ) as of january 2008 , these are the only known wolstenholme primes .
the number of words per sentence and the percentage of unfamiliar words determine the reading age .
this article contains information on the 2002-2003 season of serie b , the second highest football league in italy .
in september 2008 , the wellington correctional centre was opened .
both names became defunct in 2007 when they were merged into the national museum of scotland .
ilova 85 km 85 km lonja-trebež 19 .
musser , g. g. and m. d. carleton .
triple h insisted that evolution stick together and accompanied dave anyway , saving him from the oncoming vehicle .
niamey is the capital of the west african nation of niger .
it grossed $ 35.7 million on its opening day .
see also theremin references mason , c. p. ( 1936 ) .
themar is a town in the district of hildburghausen , in thuringia , germany .
the lawsuit was settled out of court in february 2003 .
it was restored in 1844 and moved to reykjavík , where it has resided ever since .
the human survivors flee into space aboard any spacecraft they can reach .
in 1793 and 1794 he commanded the army in the austrian netherlands during the flanders campaign .
events may 23 - battle of dandanaqan : seljuk turks defeat the ghaznavids .
ambrières-les-vallées is a commune in the mayenne department in northwestern france .
in the spring season of 2005 , vinokourov won the liège-bastogne-liège classic race .
zavala county is a county located in the u.s. state of texas .
the members or legislators of a senate are called senators .
ruthenium ( ) is a chemical element that has the symbol ru and atomic number 44 .
sacavém was very well-known for its famous ceramics .
the earth 's outer solid layer , the lithosphere , is made of rock .
application this rule is applied in the language occidental .
the dutch eredivisie in the 1981/1982 season was contested by 18 teams .
mendeleev noted a gap in his periodic table and called the element ekamanganese ( em ) .
the simpsons hit & run is an action-adventure video game based on the animated sitcom the simpsons .
in 1752 he took his master 's degree in wittenberg .
it is located in the western part of the country , on the border with haiti .
it is located on skólavörðustígur 15 , in downtown reykjavík .
it was transferred to the jubilee line on may 1 , 1979 .
however , he quarrelled with his staff officer anton von hohberg und buchwald .
following high school , he moved to los angeles in 1979 to attend occidental college .
sant'antonio is a municipality in the district of bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
the administrative , political and military center of the empire was located in cusco in modern-day peru .
the armenian air defense is the anti-aircraft branch of the armed forces of armenia .
bibliography how the other half dies ( penguin ) 1976 .
bonham carter will be starring alongside matthew macfadyen and denis lawson .
as a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist , he was known for his `` unfaltering precision and evenness '' .
angelo state university is a public , coeducational university located in san angelo , texas , united states .
landser is a neo-nazi rock band from germany .
the town is seeped in history , museums and monuments .
in november 1991 , u2 released achtung baby .
the word 'poblacht ' was a new word , coined by the writers of the easter proclamation in 1916 .
george smoot had main responsibility for measuring the small variations in the temperature of the radiation .
each club then plays a further five matches against the other five teams in their own section .
israel captured both territories in the 1967 six-day war ; since then they have been under israeli control .
edmund was succeeded as king by his brother edred , king from 946 until 955 .
in four dimensional geometry , a 16-cell , is a regular convex 4-polytope .
in his papal bull auctorem fidei , pope pius vi praised devotion to the sacred heart .
burrendong arboretum is a sanctuary for endangered australian flora and covers 1.60 km² .
this is a summary of the 2000 major league soccer season .
oblinghem is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
its surface is approximately 10.3 km² and its maximum depth is 48 metres .
he is a midfielder and currently plays for j. league side urawa red diamonds .
she launched her career in 1994 with the song , `` stay ( i missed you ) '' .
lagnicourt-marcel is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
this is estimated to happen over 600,000 years from now , when the southern tip of spain reaches africa .
jazz is a 1978 album by queen .
development versions of chrome for linux and mac os x were released in june 2009 .
the changes in these regions between summer and winter are generally mild , rather than extreme hot or cold .
it is the only remaining gate of a series through which one formerly entered berlin .
the irish tenor banjo chord bible : gdae irish tuning 1,728 chords .
exokernels communicate efficiently by normal subroutine calls .
equine reproduction , p. 563 ( wiley-blackwell 1993 ) .
he moved with his family from harlington to stondon massey , a small village near chipping ongar in essex .
hopkins was born and raised in wales , and also became a u.s. citizen on 12 april 2000 .
heartfire ( 1998 ) is an alternate history/fantasy novel by orson scott card .
in geology , a supercontinent is a landmass comprising more than one continental core , or craton .
it is uncertain how many children chaucer and philippa had , but three or four are most commonly cited .
the introduction of burger king in tórshavn was widely publicized and a sign of the globalization of faroese culture .
the most unusual storm of the season was hurricane ivan .
it also shares borders with indian administered kashmir to the east .
the team is in the western division of the national league .
beyne-heusay is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
hard water is generally not harmful to one 's health .
he currently works at microsoft research in cambridge , england .
banknotes currently in circulation are 50 , 100 , 200 , 500 , 1000 and 2000 pesos oros .
villers-l ’ hôpital is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
when neoptolemus died , andromache married helenus and became queen of epirus .
wilders released the film on march 27 , 2008 on the video website liveleak .
mukshpuri and miranjani are two nearby high peaks .
events the concordat of worms condemns pierre abélard 's writings on the holy trinity .
he never regains his memory and ends up working at the cake shop with choi-yuk .
there were clashes between indigenous australians and white settlers during settlement .
the district of yamoussoukro is the official capital city of côte d'ivoire .
faridpur is a historic district in central bangladesh .
it consists of ten clustered houses , and was occupied from roughly 3100-2500 bc .
92 1287 to 1298 emperor fushimi hirohito traditional dates .
being a denomination is viewed by them as having a hierarchy that substitutes for the catholic church .
career he began his career in the 1940s , playing with benny carter and stan kenton ( 1946-52 ) .
stuart kicks mcclane off the plane , but not before mcclane manages to open the fuel hatch .
pluto is not known to have any ring systems .
however , many consider this unlikely to prevent infestation .
columbus is the third largest city in georgia and the fourth largest metropolitan area in the state .
he named the species myrmecophaga aculeata , thinking it might be related to the south american anteater .
its last eruption is thought to have occurred some time in the first millennium ad .
the only major island that is uninhabited is lítla dímun .
this suggests that it was a temporary clump of material that had disappeared by that time .
menuetto the third movement is a minuet and trio ( a–b–a ) .
on may 16 1868 the foundation stone was laid , and in november the foundations were completed .
a modern history of japan from tokugawa times to the present , p. 23 .
it is about 326 km across , 1/5 of titania 's diameter .
assé-le-bérenger is a commune in the mayenne department in northwestern france .
the internet was extensively used for passing information to aid rescue and recovery in china .
honiara officially became the capital of the solomon islands in 1952 .
houry is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
it is one of the largest birds so far discovered .
the new name was officially recommended by iupac on august 16 , 2003 .
kochan ( ) is a village in southwestern bulgaria .
ranchi ( ) is the capital city of the indian state of jharkhand .
the flute is a musical instrument of the woodwind group .
holger osieck is a german football coach .
sir simon denis rattle , cbe , frsa , ( born 19 january 1955 ) is an english conductor .
honnelles is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
construction started soon after the release of the study , and the first line was opened in 1979 .
prignac-et-marcamps is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
patrizio sala ( born 16 june 1955 ) is an italian former footballer .
waldenburg is a city in the district zwickau in saxony , germany .
beugin is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
after completing 20 tracks , the master tapes were stolen from the studio .
reeve died at age 52 on october 10 , 2004 , from cardiac arrest caused by a systemic infection .
the term chromatic derives from the greek word chroma , meaning color .
berchtesgadener land is a district in bavaria , germany .
the earliest known usage had been 70.000 years from now till this discovery .
sainte-croix is a commune in the aisne départment in picardie in northern france .
the linux router project a defunct floppy-based distribution for routers and firewalls .
allison is the only tropical storm to have its name retired without ever having reached hurricane strength .
his most prominent television role has been as captain jack harkness in doctor who and its spin-off series torchwood .
see also estream - an evaluation of new stream ciphers being conducted by the eu .
in mexico , hot chocolate remains a popular national drink .
an airbag is a vehicle safety device .
it is located in the centre of switzerland .
the trio moved to los angeles and rented a modest apartment , which they called the lonely island .
it has been the capital of armenia since 1918 and the twelfth in the history of armenia .
above the boxes , la scala has always had a gallery where the less wealthy can watch the performances .
construction begins on the tower of london .
noyelles-sous-bellonne is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
julia fischer ( born ) is a german violinist .
halo 2 was officially announced in september 2002 with a cinematic trailer .
the building of a roman fort signifies the origin of the city of wiesbaden .
they may be removed for several reasons , including impaired breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches .
these terms are frequently used by evangelical , fundamentalist , pentecostal , and some mainline branches of protestant christianity .
la chapelle-saint-aubin is a commune in the sarthe department in the pays de la loire region in northwestern france .
saint-sulpice-de-guilleragues is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
bring me the horizon are a british metalcore band from sheffield , yorkshire , who formed in 2004 .
a medical professional who practices oncology is an oncologist .
in 1569 the union was transformed into a federation of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth .
fierce creatures is a 1997 comedy film .
it is the largest district of mecklenburg-western pomerania , but very sparsely populated .
a common effect is paralysis , which sets in very rapidly .
they are made by kp snacks in ashby-de-la-zouch in the uk .
rossiya — svyashchennaya nasha derzhava , rossiya — lyubimaya nasha strana .
her father is of german and norwegian ancestry and her mother is of italian and irish ancestry .
fresh seafood is available daily on shell belt road from fishing boats returning to bayou coden .
the ipcc also often answers inquiries from the unfccc subsidiary body for scientific and technological advice ( sbsta ) .
harnett county is a county located in the state of north carolina , usa .
max works as a taxi driver , while jude pursues work as a freelance artist .
in march 1919 , the national assembly passed a law founding a 420,000 strong preliminary army as vorläufige reichswehr .
rivalries swansea city 's main rivals are cardiff city .
she joined the heritage society at oxford university and sang with a group called mistral .
labroye is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in northern france .
the proclamation gave the crown a monopoly on all future land purchases from american indians .
the first official translation of the entire bible into swedish is made .
the capital of the voivodeship is the national capital , warsaw .
halloy is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
the florentine republic is dismantled and the medici family comes back into power .
castagniers is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in southeastern france .
its name is derived from the stone amethyst , a form of quartz .
these forecasts were widely-acclaimed for their simplicity , winning an award from the royal television society in 1993 .
he was appointed cbe in 1969 .
the liberian premier league is the highest division in football in liberia .
opening the first section to be opened was between walthamstow central and highbury & islington .
the main spoken language is spanish , although a significant number of peruvians speak quechua or other native languages .
suzy is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
one possible tornado in goulds left about 2,000 people without power after it knocked down a power line .
hmhs britannic was the third and largest of the white star line .
p. duvignau , `` emmaüs , le site - le mystère '' , paris , 1937 .
hippies like nudist man , super apathy lad , and procrastination boy remained with the current legion .
114 1709 to 1735 emperor nakamikado yasuhito traditional dates .
crèvecœur-en-auge is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
in 1908 , he was enrolled at uppingham school where he spent the next five years .
with the knowledge of cell biology and biochemistry increasing , the field of pharmacology has also changed substantially .
a writing system is a type of symbolic system used to represent elements or statements expressible in language .
for example , before ad 1000 , potatoes were not grown outside of south america .
this was subject to a successful take-over by whitbread plc in the autumn of 2000 .
these include the ability to look up and down , duck , and jump .
the following week , after angle defeated mysterio , orton came out and performed an rko on mysterio .
this is a summary of the 1998 major league soccer season .
dr. phil is a talk show hosted by phil mcgraw .
the first vest used by the team had vertical white and light blue stripes .
belushi 's younger brother james belushi is also an actor and comedian .
biography reclus was born at sainte-foy-la-grande ( gironde ) .
hard hats for construction workers are worn mainly to protect the wearer from falling objects such as tools .
non-athletic after retiring from sports , wistert became a new york lawyer .
nebraska became the 37th state in 1867 , shortly after the american civil war .
villandraut is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
songs about jane is the debut album by los angeles rock/pop band maroon 5 .
history melville island was first visited by the british explorer sir william parry in 1819 .
although edinburgh is the capital of scotland it is not the largest city .
fontaine-lès-hermans is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
this sound producing action is called stridulation and the song is species-specific .
nundle is a village in the new england region of new south wales , australia .
si electromagnetism units — common units used in electromagnetism .
all stored books are placed in : category : wikipedia : books .
cessac is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
the dutch eredivisie in the 1963/1964 season was contested by 16 teams .
the ( prime minister ) , is appointed by the president on the nomination of parliament .
bucy-lès-cerny is a commune in the department of aisne in picardie in northern france .
climate conditions the climate is sharply continental , with severely cold winters .
fontenay-le-pesnel is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
while neither alone harmed the mice , the combination was able to kill its host .
despite its semi-rural western maryland setting , hagerstown is a center of transit and commerce .
madden guides the player on advice and other things to help raise his or her madden iq .
an american metal core band also took the name the devil wears prada .
saint-christophe-à-berry is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
occasionally though , the damage can include the more serious spray-painting of buildings and homes .
once the seam has been undone in this way the loose ends can be removed and the seam resewn .
cardonville is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
febvin-palfart is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
martignas-sur-jalle is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
804 bc — death of pedubastis i , pharaoh .
sacramento is the capital of the u.s. state of california , and the county seat of sacramento county .
in 1265 , simon de montfort , 6th earl of leicester summoned the first elected parliament .
the climate between nuclear power advocates and environmentalists was confrontational .
the united states gave the aircraft the name baka ( japanese for `` idiot '' ) .
in 2005 , boreanaz began starring opposite emily deschanel on the current prime time television series , bones .
wierre-effroy is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
it was first run in 1896 and has stopped only for two world wars .
references cited references general references hoddeson , lillian and vicki daitch .
he left office in 1801 , but was prime minister again from 1804 until his death .
remscheid ( ) is a city in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
the new status took effect when the law was published in the official journal on 22 february 2007 .
history qaqortoq was founded by norwegian trader anders olsen in 1775 .
such women often had their sexual organs cut out or their breasts cut off .
this is a list of numbered minor planets in the solar system , in sequential order .
rhodium is found in platinum ores and is used in alloys with platinum and as a catalyst .
in 1834 he was elected organist of st anne 's chapel ( now church ) , wandsworth .
between 1326 and 1696 the municipality of bredevoort repeatedly changed ownership .
both networks are extensive and benefit from tourism .
humans have used artificial selection for thousands of years in the domestication of plants and animals .
background until 1973 , klaus wowereit attended the ulrich-von-hutten-oberschule in berlin .
there are other types of nuclear weapons as well .
oasis are a british rock band that formed in manchester in 1991 .
this film was not rated until the two-disc special edition was released .
as a result 52 boats were wrecked , of which 20 sank .
it manufactures cars and trucks in 34 countries .
olaf , as a tropical depression , moved westward , far out to sea .
the assassination of jesse james by the coward robert ford is a 2007 western drama film .
canada veridis legion of the bouncy castle bsd privacy guard prime factors inc .
the ampere ( symbol : a ) is the si unit of electric current .
joan daemen 's 3-way and baseking have unusual block sizes of 96 and 192 bits , respectively .
if orton won , the main event would remain as orton versus triple h in a singles match .
at 16 his interest in climbing was sparked during a school trip to mount ruapehu .
picture name born - died term started term ended political party 1 .
chancellor jia sidao imprisons the entire embassy of kublai .
debra messing biography ( 1968- ) messing is jewish , a descendant of immigrants from russia and poland .
rebecka månstråle liljeberg ( born may 13 , 1981 ) is a swedish actress .
nickelodeon is an american cable television channel owned by the mtv networks division of viacom .
finland concerto for trumpet and orchestra .
trafalgar square is a square in central london , england .
lawrence 's goldfinch , carduelis lawrencei , is a small songbird that ranges erratically in southwestern north america .
a character called mcgoonagall frequently appears in the goon show , alternately played by milligan and peter sellers .
sebastian schubeck later adopted alfons and made him his heir .
la neuville-lès-dorengt is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
the most common of these are sulzer shuttleless weaving machines , rapier looms , air-jet looms and water-jet looms .
the university ( the third in italy ) was founded in 1222 , and it flourished in the 1200s .
the bridge has a speed limit of for passenger trains and for freight trains .
external links generally belong at the end of an article , under the heading external links .
a truck bombing in a crowded baghdad market kills at least 135 people and injures a further 339 others .
bargen is a municipality in the district of aarberg in the canton of berne in switzerland .
statistics of league of ireland in the 1940/1941 season .
the tampa bay lightning are a professional ice hockey team based in tampa , florida .
in film and television , emerson made a name for himself by playing dangerous and damaged characters .
it is 16 miles east of newport and 124 miles west of london .
the other five union territories are directly ruled by the centre through appointed administrators .
in 1903 paul zimmermann opened the first club , freilichtpark , near hamburg .
vinje is a municipality in telemark county , norway .
antonello cuccureddu ( born 4 october 1949 ) is an italian football ( soccer ) coach and former player .
jens jeremies ( born march 5 , 1974 ) is a german footballer .
wallbach is a municipality in the district of rheinfelden in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
puget-rostang is a commune in the alpes-maritimes department in southeastern france .
roughly six million were left without power in the eastern united states from the strong winds of isabel .
the airport is also a base for charter airlines including monarch airlines , thomas cook airlines and thomson airways .
asia the island nation of usan-guk is conquered by the korean silla dynasty general lee sabu .
nérigean is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
the epicenter was west-northwest of chengdu , the capital of sichuan , with a depth of .
from to the present , the royals have played in kauffman stadium .
this makes forestle one of the few web search sites that are green certified .
melody and lyrics `` from me to you '' comprises five verses and two bridges .
in 1989 , schumacher signed with willi weber 's wts formula 3 team .
it was released on 8 december , 2005 and went straight to # 8 on the swedish music charts .
the oldest known depiction of the insignia dates from a seal used by king canute vi c. 1194 .
ukrainian wikipedia ( , ukrayins ’ ka vikipediya ) is the ukrainian language edition of the wikipedia encyclopedia .
they have been grown as food for domesticated animals for up to 10,000 years .
most wine-making in italy is done in modern wineries .
impress a presentation program similar to microsoft powerpoint or apple keynote .
to date , much of its work has concerned the introduction of new generic top-level domains ( tlds ) .
they are composed of several lobules held together by a fibrous covering .
personnality constant lievens ( 1856-1893 ) , the apostle of the chota nagpur , was born in moorslede .
he also spent a year working as coroner for west clare .
civrac-en-médoc is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
heuringhem is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
angerville is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northwestern france .
specialized was developed from special in the late 1990s , independently of voice of america .
dourges is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
he and his friend pappu ( shreyas talpade ) are trying to succeed as leading actors .
the upgrading upgraded version uses the number of days left on a user 's subscription .
lancet arch the simplest shape is the long opening with a pointed arch known in england as the lancet .
this session key is used for further communications with the tgs .
netsolve was a information technology company based in the united states .
a georgian inscription around the drum attests his name .
in 1946 he became an associate professor of economics at iowa state college .
the alexandrian life of aeschylus indicates that the playwright took the first prize at the city dionysia thirteen times .
in the 19th century and the first part of the 20th , baseball shoes were commonly black in color .
puurs ( google satellite image ) is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
weilheim-schongau is a kreis ( district ) in the south of bavaria , germany .
saint alphonsa is the first saint .
the hardware , and all the software in the system are available to , and extensible by application programmers .
the australian open is the first of the four grand slam tennis tournaments held each year .
easter island is now an overseas territory of chile .
it was the last time that solid gold medals were awarded ; modern medals are usually gold plated silver .
that afternoon , it was downgraded to a category 1 hurricane , which helene remained until becoming extratropical .
30 , no . 2 ( dec. , 1988 ) , pp .
biography takamoto 's father emigrated from hiroshima to the united states for his health .
the stoat or ermine ( mustela erminea ) is a small mammal of the family mustelidae .
the pre-socratic greek philosophers were active before socrates or contemporaneously , but expounding knowledge developed earlier .
mistletoe is a good example of this .
sault is a commune of the vaucluse département , in southern france .
chassemy is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
the actinidia is native to south of china .
