0	april is the fourth month of the year with 30 days .
0	april 's flower is the sweet pea and its birthstone is the diamond .
0	august is the eighth month of the year . it has 31 days .
0	august 's flower is the gladioli with the birthstone being peridot .
0	the first and broadest sense of `` art '' means `` arrangement '' or `` to arrange . ''
0	islamic art includes geometric patterns , islamic calligraphy , and architecture .
0	in india and tibet , painted sculptures , dance , and religious painting were done .
0	there are many chinese artistic styles , which are usually named after the ruling dynasty .
0	spain is divided in 17 parts called autonomous communities .
0	alan mathison turing was an english mathematician and computer scientist .
0	during the second world war , turing was a main participant in the efforts to break german ciphers .
0	she began singing in canada as a teenager in 1990 .
0	alanis has a twin brother and an older brother , chad .
0	careful selection and breeding have had enormous effects on the characteristics of crop plants .
0	new plants were created with genetic engineering .
0	to be sure that the food supply is safe .
0	to be sure the food is of good quality .
0	to be sure there is enough food for everyone .
0	australia is a member of the united nations and the commonwealth of nations .
0	it is a parliamentary democracy and a constitutional monarchy with the british monarch as head of state .
0	each of state and territory has its own parliament and makes its own local laws .
0	the current prime minister is kevin rudd , elected in november 2007 .
0	24 % australians over the age of 15 regularly take part in in organised sporting activities .
0	local popular sports include australian rules football , horse racing , soccer and motor racing .
0	australia has participated in every summer olympic games since 1896 , and every commonwealth games .
0	aquaculture is the farming of fish , shrimp , and algae .
0	a scientist called dmitri mendeleev was the first to think of the table .
0	since the 20th century there have been two main types of astronomy , observational and theoretical astronomy .
0	this is known as the geocentric model of the universe .
0	a stream of charged particles called the solar wind is constantly being sent off from the sun .
0	other asteroids , like juno , pallas , and vesta were found later .
0	persian ( dari ) and pashto are the main language .
0	the population of afghanistan is divided into many ethnic groups .
0	the occupation resulted in the killings of between six hundred thousand and 2million afghan civilians .
0	spanish is the language most people speak and the official language .
0	the name argentina comes from the latin argentum ( silver ) .
0	argentina is a federal republic .
0	currently , the chancellor is werner faymann .
0	austria is in the united nations since 1955 and in the european union since 1995 .
0	austria is a largely mountainous country since it is in the alps .
0	famous austrian dishes are wiener schnitzel , kaiserschmarren , knödel , sachertorte and tafelspitz .
0	armenia received its independence from the soviet union in 1991 .
0	the vertebrates are divided into 5 groups , fish , birds , amphibians , reptiles and mammals .
0	though already cooked and `` ready to eat '' it is usually served warm .
0	a boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle .
0	different types made from pork and beef mixtures as well as poultry can now be found .
0	in 2008 beijing hosted the olympic games .
0	name beijing means `` the northern capital '' in the chinese language .
0	they also include 2 of the top universities : peking university and tsinghua university .
0	bottles can be many different sizes .
0	the flowers of these plants have a superior ovary formed by the fusion of two or more carpels .
0	the seeds are embedded in the flesh of the ovary .
0	in light , black is lack of all color .
0	in painting , however , the black pigment is the combination of all colors .
0	the country is the fifth largest in the world by area .
0	wilhelm schickard made a mechanical calculator .
0	the jacquard loom 's use of punched cards to define woven patterns is an early form of programmability .
0	charles babbage was the first to make a design of a fully programmable mechanical computer .
0	do n't confuse the analytical engine with babbage 's difference engine which was a non-programmable mechanical calculator .
0	computing devices became more powerful and flexible during the 1930s and 1940s .
0	notable achievements include : konrad zuse 's electromechanical `` z machines '' .
0	microprocessors , such as the intel 4004 , further decreased size and cost .
0	the 1980s also saw home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer .
0	a continent is a large area of the land on earth that is joined together .
0	fire is both hot and dry .
0	water is both cold and wet .
0	earth is both cold and dry .
0	china has one of the oldest civilizations in the world .
0	china has one of the oldest civilizations in the world .
0	china has one of the oldest civilizations in the world .
0	it has one of the world 's oldest writing systems .
0	it has a population of 104390 .
0	camulos was the celtic god of war .
0	it can also be used in place of ground beef or pork .
0	in the us , the word city is often used for towns that are not very big .
0	civics is the study of government .
0	the process of finding the derivative is called differentiation .
0	they are often described as `` dirty snowballs '' .
0	it can be soft or firm .
0	the different colors of cheese are made by adding annatto .
0	cheeses are eaten both on their own and cooked in various dishes .
0	most cheeses melt when heated .
0	most of these are produced by fermentation of the fungus called mucor miehei .
0	the diameter of a circle is equal to twice its radius .
0	in german all nouns are capitalized .
0	cuba is a country in the caribbean sea .
0	it is near the united states , mexico , haiti and jamaica .
0	the capital city of cuba is havana .
0	cuba became the most important producer of sugar .
0	december is the twelfth and last month of the year , with 31 days .
0	from the latin decem for `` ten '' .
0	december begins on the same day of the week as september .
0	december 's flower is the narcissus or holly .
0	dublin is the capital city of the republic of ireland .
0	the method was made up by reginald john garfield dutton in 1922 .
0	it was changed in 1946 and 1951 .
0	this makes it easier to learn . it also means it can be typed using a normal keyboard .
0	the words are like short versions of the writer 's own language .
0	diarrhea , also spelled diarrhoea , is feces that are runny or liquid .
0	in developing nations , diarrhea is a common cause of child death .
0	denmark is on the north sea .
0	denmark is the smallest of the scandinavian countries .
0	the danes speak danish .
0	most danes speak english . many also speak german .
0	denmark is divided into five regions and a total of 98 municipalities .
0	fish is also widely eaten , especially on the west coast of jutland .
0	sports the most popular sport in denmark is football .
0	the four main earth sciences are geography , geology , geophysics and geodesy .
0	earth is home to millions of species of plants and animals , including humans .
0	earth is the only place in the universe where life is known to exist .
0	science shows that the earth formed around 4.5 billion years ago .
0	this is called a biosphere .
0	the earth orbits or goes around the sun roughly once every 365.25 days .
0	condensing water vapour or steam , comets and asteroids hiting the earth made the oceans .
0	it is the largest out of the four terrestrial planets in mass and diameter .
0	the earth 's shape is an oblate spheroid .
0	the earth is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
0	under the mantle is a thin liquid layer called the outer core and then the solid iron inner core .
0	the earth is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
0	the earth changes greatly from place to place .
0	the 30 % not covered by water is mostly forests , deserts , plains , mountains and plateaux .
0	about 97.5 % of all water is salt water .
0	about half the fresh water is currently ice .
0	as a result , it always presents the same face to the planet .
0	it is a single act opera , approximately five hours long with no intermission .
0	50-90 % of people who get ebola die .
0	this is called organ failure .
0	there is no special treatment for ebola hemorrhagic fever .
0	the first man-made element was technetium in 1937 .
0	chemical elements are also given a unique chemical symbol .
0	egypt is famous for its very old monuments , such as the pyramids and the sphinx .
0	letter to a child never born , a dialogue between a mother and her unborn child .
0	the people of egypt are mostly sunni muslims .
0	many of these belong to the coptic orthodox church of alexandria .
0	e2 users create pages called nodes and add stuff in writeups .
0	only logged-in users can create writeups .
0	everything2 does not require a neutral point of view like wikipedia does .
0	ecological yield is the harvestable growth of an ecosystem .
0	at home , food is prepared in the kitchen , by the cook .
0	doctors who work with people 's feet are podiatrists or chiropodists .
0	it is a member of the european union .
0	it is the most visited country in the world . around 82 million foreign tourists visit it every year .
0	france is also a founding member of the united nations , and a member of the g8 and nato .
0	it is one of the five permanent members of the united nations security council .
0	france is one of the five permanent members of the united nations security council .
0	the modern name “ france ” comes from the name of the capetian kings of france around paris .
0	the treaty of verdun ( 843 ) , divided charlemagne 's empire into three parts .
0	the carolingian dynasty ruled france until 987 , when hugh capet became king of france .
0	the monarchy reached its height during the 17th century and the reign of louis xiv of france .
0	french became the common language of diplomacy in international affairs .
0	french scientists made big scientific discoveries in the 18th century .
0	france also conquered many overseas possessions in the americas , africa and asia .
0	france had a monarchy until the french revolution in 1789 .
0	his armies conquered most of continental europe .
0	after napoleon 's final defeat in 1815 at the battle of waterloo , there was another monarchy .
0	the departments are divided into 342 arrondissements . the arrondissements are re-divided into 4,032 cantons .
0	france spends 2.6 % of its gdp on defence . this is the highest in the european union .
0	about 10 % of france 's defence budget is for nuclear weapons force .
0	the french emblem is now on their passports .
0	in the early 1990s , france was criticized for its underground nuclear tests in french polynesia .
0	france vigorously opposed the 2003 invasion of iraq .
0	france is a member of the g8 group of leading industrialised countries .
0	the government has a considerable influence over railway , electricity , aircraft , and telecommunications firms .
0	france has an important aerospace ( design of aircrafts and spacecrafts ) industry led by airbus .
0	france is the leading agricultural producer and exporter in europe .
0	france exports : wheat , poultry , dairy products , beef and pork .
0	france is a secular country and freedom of religion is guaranteed by the constitution .
0	french literature began in the middle ages . french was divided into several dialects at the time .
0	each writer used his own spelling and grammar .
0	in the 18th and 19th centuries , french literature and poetry reach its highest point .
0	the 18th century saw the writings of such writers , essayists and moralists as voltaire and jean-jacques rousseau .
0	france is also famous for its 24 hours of le mans car race .
0	the capital of finland is helsinki .
0	the president of finland is tarja halonen .
0	most finns speak finnish language as their mother tongue .
0	finland joined european union in 1995 .
0	geography is the study of the earth and its features , its inhabitants , and its phenomena .
0	it means `` to write about the earth '' .
0	the first person to use the word `` geography '' was eratosthenes .
0	geography is divided into two main parts called physical geography and human geography .
0	the great lakes are five very big lakes in eastern north america .
0	in philosophical terminology , such arguments are about the epistemology of the ontology of god .
0	there are many philosophical issues with the existence of god .
0	some definitions of god are nonspecific , others sometimes contradict themselves .
0	there are many variations on these positions .
0	one of them is called god paradox .
0	google 's main office ( `` googleplex '' ) is in mountain view , california , usa .
0	the name `` google '' is a misspelling of the word googol .
0	origin of the name , google .
0	it is called google mail in the united kingdom and germany .
0	people have used many different gallons throughout history . there are three types of gallon still in use .
0	a gallon is a unit of measurement used to measure volume .
0	an oligarchy is a government ruled by a small group of powerful individuals .
0	there are three main types of galaxies : ellipticals , spirals , and irregulars .
0	graphs can be weighted .
0	an example would be a road network , with distances , or with tolls ( for roads ) .
0	herm is the smallest of the channel islands that is open to the public .
0	herm is only 1½ miles long .
0	unlike sark , bicycles are banned .
0	a harbor or harbour is a place where ships may shelter .
0	hawaii became a state on august 21 , 1959 .
0	its capital is honolulu on the island of oahu .
0	captain cook named the islands the sandwich islands for the fourth earl of sandwich , john montague .
0	the main islands are niihau , kauai , oahu , molokai , lanai , kahoolawe , maui and hawaii .
0	important exports are sugar , pineapple , macadamia nuts , and coffee .
0	honolulu is the capital city of the u.s. state of hawaii .
0	honolulu means `` sheltered harbor '' in the hawaiian language .
0	the first foreigner was captain william brown of the english ship butterworth , in 1794 .
0	kamehameha iii made honolulu the capital city of the kingdom of hawaii in 1850 .
0	hawaii ponoi is the state song of hawaii .
0	there are two different ways healing can happen :
0	the damaged tissue is replaced with tissue of the same kind . this is called regeneration .
0	the damaged tissue is replaced with scar tissue .
0	most healing processes combine both ways of healing .
0	jews had been expelled from spain .
0	to the east of ireland , across the irish sea , is the island of great britain .
0	its capital is dublin .
0	the official languages are irish and english .
0	northern ireland is made up of 6 counties and is part of the united kingdom .
0	the capital of italy is rome .
0	italy is home to more world heritage sites than any other nation in the world .
0	most people in italy are roman catholics , but the catholic church is no longer officially the state religion .
0	the country 's oldest religious minority is the jewish community . it has roughly 45,000 people .
0	about 825.000 muslims live in italy . most of them immigrated . only 50,000 are italian citizens .
0	an interim official is a person who is doing a job temporarily .
0	the interim person might be called an acting headteacher or acting prime minister .
0	the international english language testing system ( ielts ) tests how good you are at english language .
0	the general one is for people who want to do other training or want to get work experience .
0	most universities in australia , britain , canada , new zealand and the united states accept the ielts .
0	india is a growing economy and has high levels of poverty , illiteracy and malnutrition .
0	about 69 % of the people speak an indo-arayan language , about 26 % speak a dravidian language .
0	other languages spoken in india come from the austro-asiatic group of languages .
0	hindi is the official language in india with the largest number of speakers .
0	the british took control of most of india by 1856 .
0	india 's constitution was founded on january 26 , 1950 .
0	since 1991 , india has been one of the fastest-growing economies in the world .
0	the rajya sabha has 250 members .
0	in total , there are twenty-eight states , and seven union territories .
0	january is the first month of the year in the julian and gregorian calendars . it has 31 days .
0	january is named for janus , the roman god of doors and gateways .
0	january 's birth flower is the carnation or snowdrop .
0	the first day of january is called new year 's day .
0	the meaning for the birthstone pearl is health .
0	gay pride celebrations in many countries in honour of the stonewall riots .
0	july is the seventh month of the year with 31 days .
0	july was named after julius caesar .
0	july begins on the same day of the week as april every year and january in leap years .
0	july 's birthstone is the ruby .
0	the portuguese were the first europeans to visit japan .
0	this started the united states ' involvement in world war 2 .
0	baseball has the most spectators in japan .
0	jupiter was known to the ancient romans .
0	they named it for the roman god jupiter .
0	jupiter is the biggest planet in the solar system with a diameter of 142,984 km .
0	the light parts are called zones and the darker are called belts .
0	wind speeds of 360 kilometres per hour ( km/h ) are common on jupiter .
0	these lightning bolts have been measured as up 1000 times as powerful as those on earth .
0	from earth jupiter is the third brightest object in the night sky , after the moon and venus .
0	he called the moon amalthea .
0	it was the last planetary moon to be discovered directly by visual observation .
0	ulysses had no cameras so it took no photographs .
0	the galileo mission in 1995 is the only spacecraft to go into orbit jupiter .
0	it flew around the planet for seven years and studied all of the four biggest moons .
0	nasa 's jimo ( jupiter icy moons orbiter ) was cancelled in 2006 .
0	jupiter has 63 known moons .
0	the biggest , ganymede , has a diameter of 5,262 kilometres . it is bigger than the planet mercury .
0	jupiter has the most comet impacts in the solar system .
0	a jew can not eat a meal that has both meat and milk in it .
0	geography kauai is of volcanic origin .
0	the city of lihue , on the island 's southeast side , is the seat of kauai county .
0	the island of kauai was featured in disney 's 2002 animated feature film lilo & stitch .
0	kaho'olawe is the smallest of the 8 main volcanic islands in the hawaiian islands , in the united states .
0	the highest point , lua makika , is 1,477 feet above sea level .
0	ordnance is still buried or lying on the ground .
0	other items have washed down gullies and still other unexploded ordnance lies beneath the waters offshore .
0	in 1981 , the entire island was included on the national register of historic places .
0	the turnover was officially made on november 11 2003 , but the cleanup was not completed .
0	in 1993 , the hawaii state legislature established the kaho'olawe island reserve .
0	today kahoolawe can be used only for native hawaiian cultural , spiritual , and subsistence purposes .
0	commercial uses are not allowed .
0	non-natives will temporarily stabilize some areas before the permanent planting of native plants .
0	the earth is the only planet in the universe known by humans to support life .
0	civil law is the legal system used in most countries around the world today .
0	civil law is based on legislation that is found in constitutions or statutes passed by government .
0	examples include the jewish halakha , islamic sharia , and christian canon law .
0	the history of law is closely connected to the development of civilization .
0	around 1760 bc , king hammurabi further developed babylonian law , by codifying and inscribing it in stone .
0	most countries have systems of appeal courts , answering up to a supreme legal authority .
0	to pass legislation , a majority of members of parliament must vote for a bill in each house .
0	as well , the executive usually controls the military , the police , and the bureaucracy .
0	zamenhof was born in 1859 in the town of bia .
0	zamenhof decided that the international language must have a simple grammar .
0	it is also known as the `` pineapple island '' .
0	it is separated from the island of moloka ' i by the kalohi channel to the north .
0	a leap year comes once every four years .
0	a litre of water has a mass of about one kilogram .
0	may is the fifth month of the year with 31 days .
0	may 's flower is the lily of the valley with its birthstone being the emerald .
0	in the united states , canada and australia , mother 's day is the second sunday in may .
0	the word music comes from the greek word muse .
0	madrid is the financial centre of spain .
0	in the late 1800s there was a revolt , known as the first spanish republic .
0	most rain falls in autumn and spring .
0	there are a lot of very big and important art museums in madrid .
0	montreal is the largest city in the province of quebec and the second-largest city overall in canada .
0	maui is part of maui county , hawaii .
0	main industries are agriculture and tourism .
0	maui is a volcanic doublet : an island formed from two volcanic mountains that are joined together .
0	the only big town is named kaunakakai , which is also the main or chief port on the island .
0	molokai has many hawaiian fish ponds along its south shore .
0	muslim women often dress extremely modestly .
0	islamic economics bans debt but in most muslim countries western banking is allowed .
0	many people in these countries also see islam as a political movement .
0	islamic parties in pakistan and algeria have taken power .
0	the relationships between these groups and their views of democracy are complex .
0	these universes are sometimes called parallel universes .
0	the term `` multiverse '' was coined by psychologist william james .
0	a moustache is facial hair grown on the upper lip .
0	it works out to about 6,076 feet 01.386 inches ( or exactly 1.852 km ) .
0	the si unit of mass is the kilogram , written as kg .
0	mercury can be observed for only a brief period during either morning or evening twilight .
0	the first spacecraft to visit mercury was nasa ’ s mariner 10 ( 1974–75 ) .
0	it is a very dense planet due to the large size of its core .
0	known sightings of mercury date back to at least the first millennium bc .
0	the symbol for mercury is based on hermes ' staff .
0	it is the smallest planet in the solar system , with a radius of 2,439.7 km .
0	mercury is made of about 70 % metallic and 30 % silicate material .
0	mars is the fourth planet from the sun in our solar system .
0	mars is the fourth planet from the sun in our solar system .
0	the planet is named after mars , the roman god of war .
0	mars has two very small moons , called phobos and deimos .
0	mars has two very small moons , called phobos and deimos .
0	mars has the most similar seasons to earth of all the planets in our solar system .
0	mars also has a very similar tilt in its axis of 25 degree angle .
0	the metre is now officially defined as the distance light travels in a vacuum in 1/299,792,458th of a second .
0	it has to be held at the right distance between the eye and the object .
0	the magnifying glass usually comes with a handle .
0	moral reasoning is a topic studied in psychology and in moral philosophy .
0	psychologists who have studied it include lawrence kohlberg and elliot turiel .
0	the word mosque comes from the arabic word masjid .
0	the earliest mosques in 7th century were open-air spaces , the quba mosque and masjid al-nabawi .
0	now , they can be found on every continent .
0	many mosques have prayer halls , domes , and minarets .
0	the sarvestan palace from the sassanian era is a good example of this .
0	many forms of mosques have developed in different regions of the islamic world .
0	important mosque types include the early abbasid mosques , t-type mosques , and the central-dome mosques of anatolia .
0	many early mosques have a square or rectangular plan with a prayer hall and an enclosed courtyard .
0	the first mosques of this type were built during the umayyad dynasty .
0	the flat roof of the prayer hall was supported by columns .
0	often , hypostyle mosques have outer arcades so that visitors can enjoy the shade .
0	central dome the ottomans began building central dome mosques in the fifteenth century .
0	iwan iwan mosques are famous for their domed rooms and iwans .
0	one or more iwans face a central courtyard that serves as the prayer hall .
0	the style borrows from pre-islamic iranian architecture . most mosques with this style are in iran .
0	minarets are tall towers . usually they are at one of the corners of the mosque .
0	the tallest minaret in the world is in the hassan ii mosque in casablanca , morocco .
0	the qiblah wall is usually at the other side of the entrance to the prayer hall .
0	people pray in rows parallel to the qiblah wall . they arrange themselves so they face mecca .
0	at very small mosques , worshipers often have to use restrooms for their ritual washing .
0	in the prayer halls , people must not wear shoes for much the same reason .
0	all adult muslims should do salat prayers five times a day .
0	most mosques have formal prayers for each of these times .
0	daily prayers can be done anywhere , but muslims are expected to do their friday prayer at the mosque .
0	the mosque is the center of the islamic community , showing the idea of brotherhood and iman .
0	some mosques will even rent convention centers or other large public buildings to hold the large numbers who attend .
0	ramadan events there are many events in ramadan , islam 's holiest month .
0	part of the food is provided by members of the community . this creates nightly potluck dinners .
0	like with iftar , people from the community often provide food , but mosques may provide food instead .
0	on that night , between sunset and sunrise , mosques employ speakers to teach the worshipers about islam .
0	mosques or the community usually provide meals at times through the night .
0	during the late twentieth century , more and more mosques have been used for political purposes .
0	mosques are used to preach political messages , like peaceful co-existence with non-believers , even when there are problems .
0	a link between political views and mosque attendance can still be seen in other parts of the world .
0	babri mosque was the centre of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was demolished .
0	in february 2006 , a bombing seriously damaged iraq 's al-askari mosque . this increased the existing tensions .
0	the conflict between two muslim groups in iraq had already led to other bombings .
0	in april 2006 , there were two explosions at india 's jama masjid .
0	the jewish defense league was suspected of plotting to bomb the king fahd mosque in culver city , california .
0	there were similar attacks in the united kingdom after the 7 july 2005 london bombings .
0	following the fall of the soviet union , in 1992 , mosques in afghanistan received money from saudi citizens .
0	in mosques in a mosque , people should keep focused on worshiping allah .
0	friday prayer can be led by a slave . scholars argue whether a minor can lead friday prayers .
0	only men may lead prayers for men .
0	women are allowed to lead prayers for congregations where there are only women .
0	all mosques have rules about cleanliness . being clean is an important part of the worshiper 's experience .
0	shoes must not be worn inside the carpeted prayer hall .
0	coming to a mosque after eating something smelly , like garlic , is also undesirable .
0	dress islam requires that its believers wear clothes that show modesty .
0	loud talking or discussion of topics that could be disrespectful , is forbidden in areas where people are praying .
0	it is also considered as rude to walk in front of muslims in prayer or otherwise disturb them .
0	in many mosques , even the carpeted prayer area has no designs , its plainness helps worshippers focus .
0	many mosques today will put the women behind a barrier or partition or in another room .
0	although there are sections only for women and children , the grand mosque in mecca is desegregated .
0	nearly all the mosques in the arabian peninsula as well as morocco do not allow non-muslims .
0	the hassan ii mosque in casablanca is one of only two mosques in morocco currently open to non-muslims .
0	all people , of any religious belief , are expected to respect the rules and decorum for mosques .
0	in modern turkey non-muslim tourists are allowed to enter any mosque , but there are strict rules .
0	in most cities of morocco , jews had to take off their shoes when passing by a mosque .
0	the milk is made by glands in the skin or the mammary glands .
0	almost all mammals give birth to living young .
0	negative numbers are numbers less than zero .
0	its birth flower is the chrysanthemum .
0	the united states celebrates thanksgiving holiday on the fourth thursday of november .
0	niihau is the smallest of the inhabited islands of hawaii , in the united states .
0	there is a small us navy base where a handful of navy people work .
0	they support themselves largely with small family farms .
0	the native hawaiians lead a rural , low-tech life .
0	niihau is the only one of the hawaiian islands where the hawaiian language is the main language .
0	niihau is also known as the `` forbidden island '' .
0	niihau is also known as the `` forbidden island '' .
0	now , tourists can go on one of a limited number of supervised tours or hunting safaris .
0	the sale of shells and shell jewelry brings extra money for the local people .
0	the nēnē gets its name from its soft call .
0	this is the world 's rarest goose .
0	nauru is a small island in the pacific ocean .
0	thailand is a constitutional monarchy . the present king is bhumibol adulyadej .
0	their skin is smooth and usually dark in colour . some species have colorful skins , though .
0	cholera hit the city in 1835. fire destroyed large parts of nicosia in 1857 .
0	it is 250 miles ( 400 km ) wide . it flows to the east .
0	silba is an island in croatia . it is found between the islands of premuda and olib .
0	after he worked in iraq , bremer wrote a book . the book was published in january , 2006 .
0	both singles main draws include 96 players . the 32 seeded players get a bye to the second round .
0	the fruit of capsicum plants have a variety of names . the names vary depending on place and type .
0	it is named mount erebus . mount erebus is very high .
0	the city is home to the université de nouakchott . it is the only university in mauritania .
0	september 8 , 1910. he was from san antonio , a small town from monagas , venezuela .
0	the climate is warm and humid . it is heavily influenced by warm sea currents .
0	the genus was named by linnaeus after fr . georg joseph kamel s.j. , a jesuit botanist .
0	this stay was not happy . she became lonely , homesick and deeply attached to constantin heger .
0	as a result , jesuits became financial partners with poutrincourt . but this caused argument within the community .
0	they are also poorly understood . they are an interesting alternative construction , though .
0	the spongy tissue fills with blood . the blood comes from arteries down the length of the penis .
0	the yerba mate plant is a shrub or small tree . it can grow up to 15 meters tall .
0	mcritchie - ever stereotypical , mcritchie is a manly stud . braden williams - mcritchie .
0	but no peace treaty has been signed . therefore officially north and south korea are still at war .
0	there are over 70 different flavors worldwide . most of them are only available by region in some countries .
0	theodore william king is an american actor . he was born october 1 , 1965 in hollywood , california .
0	the capital of louisiana is baton rouge . the largest city is new orleans .
0	his family were musical . the young marcel was a child prodigy .
0	it contains 676 individually dated entries . the entries are from september 1939 through may 1945 .
0	the nicobar islands include 22 islands of different sizes . great nicobar .
0	her death she had bright 's disease . she died on 6 august 1914 .
0	originally , the microoganism was named pasteurella pestis . it was renamed in 1967 .
0	it has the chemical symbol cf . it has the atomic number 98 .
0	it is niger 's largest city . the city is located on the niger river .
0	there was an element naming controversy . the temporary iupac systematic element name was unniloctium .
0	caesium ( or cesium ) is chemical element 55 on the periodic table . its symbol is cs .
0	he eventually found work as a carpenter . he is now an australian citizen .
0	germanium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol ge . it has the atomic number 32 .
0	his popularity grew more and more . he became the protagonist of another show called grillometro ( grillometer ) .
0	events kyoto becomes the japanese capital . begin of the heian period .
0	the second temple of apollo at didyma was like that . it was twenty kilometers from miletus in ionia .
0	it used to be a district called bakerganj . it is now one of 6 divisions of bangladesh .
0	the jerilderie letter was never published . the letter was n't re-discovered until 1930 .
0	rhenium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol re . it has the atomic number 75 .
0	half a year later neville is living in london . he lives near neville .
0	the usual age of retirement is 75. they are appointed for life , although the sovereign may remove them .
0	the east of england is a region in england . there are nine regions of england .
0	where building codes allow , there may not even be handrails . building code will specify the distance .
0	he died in 1989. he died in 1989 and was buried in the desert in arizona .
0	it has a short , black beak . the bird has short wings and a short tail .
0	as they mature , their leaves change colour from pink-tinted to green . eventually they begin bearing fruit .
0	fight the future was made . i want to believe , was made in 2008 .
0	his first task was to work on john aubrey and his friends . it was completed in may 1946 .
0	this was the first version to be called pidgin . it also contained a completely new graphics design .
0	just ella is a book written by margaret peterson haddix . it was published in 1999 .
0	mehmed ii , sultan of the ottoman empire , abdicates . his father , murad ii becomes sultan .
0	the family salamandridae is a family of amphibians . it consists of true salamanders and newts .
0	they are restricted to southern and western south america . often they can be found in the andes .
0	they went along its shores in south-westerly direction . they came to what is now corio bay near geelong .
0	it was nominated for eight oscars . it won two ; for art direction and costume design .
0	his mother was an actress . she worked in the theatre of vsevolod meyerhold .
0	some of the first people to live on gili trawangan were from sulawesi . they were fishermen and farmers .
0	mario was seen plumbing during the animated series . the animated series the super mario bros .
0	it was in saint-brieuc that he met helen sherburn . they married on 3 january 1960 ) .
0	his political involvement now increased . his male lover defert joined the ultra-maoist gauche proletarienne ( gp ) .
0	hydrogen has three common isotopes . the most common isotope of hydrogen is called protium ( 1h ) .
0	oslo is destroyed by fire . when rebuilt by christian iv , it would be renamed christiania .
0	more than 3,000 mourners went to his funeral . he was buried with full state honours in westminster abbey .
0	its capital city is montgomery . the largest city is birmingham .
0	about 1 million people speak a ripuarian language . about ¼ of the inhabitants of the area do .
0	the arrondissement of privas is an arrondissement of france . it can be found in the ardèche département .
0	summer glau as river tam . river is a seventeen-year old genius with special powers .
0	it is a migratory insectivorous species . it breeds in forests and scrubs in europe and south-west asia .
0	ruthenium is found in platinum ores . ruthenium is used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys .
0	the pound is divided into 100 pence . each shilling was divided into 12 pennies .
0	he asks her where she got the earrings . she says she found them .
0	wikipedia contains many different images . certain readers may consider some of these images objectionable or offensive .
0	rows of pointed arches were used to decorate walls . this is known as blind arcading .
0	his father was the manager of an engineering firm . he later served with several ministries .
0	he wrote the dark horse comics series fray . both projects will be published by dark horse comics .
0	new girl in town . book by george abbott , music and lyrics by bob merrill .
0	in 1847 he married harriet moore ( 1829 – 1884 ) . he had four sons and five daughters .
0	it is located in the district of oberfranken in bavaria . it connects the fichtelgebirge to the thuringian forest .
0	limburg is crossed by the albert canal . it has historically been an important coal-mining area .
0	praia also has a fishing industry . there are resort beaches nearby .
0	history nouakchott has very little history . it was a tiny fishing town until 1958 .
0	dakinis are associated with energy . they are linked with the revelation of the path of transformation .
0	it has the chemical symbol te . it has the atomic number 52 .
0	he is the author of several books . three of these books are on the armenian theme .
0	joints allow movement and give mechanical support . joints are mainly classified structurally and functionally .
0	it is also named eka-bismuth . name ununpentium is a temporary iupac systematic element name .
0	allergies some people are allergic to bananas . there are two basic forms of these allergies .
0	steve fossen played the bass guitar . roger fisher and steve fossen left the band .
0	rabbits are mammals of the order lagomorpha . they are found in many parts of the world .
0	most lay between 100 and 126 eggs . loggerheads live 30 to 50 years or more .
0	brett ratner directed the movie . he took over when bryan singer decided to direct superman returns .
0	dubnium is a chemical element . it has the symbol db . it has the atomic number 105 .
0	they are muscular tubes ( surrounded by smooth muscle ) . each tube is about 30 centimeters long .
0	mahabad has also an university . it 's the islamic azad university of mahabad .
0	sean maher as simon tam . simon is river 's brother .
0	it had a very high rating of 30.8 % . it features music by cagnet .
0	he became famous very quickly . he was one of the best marathon runners of his time .
0	yermak entered siberia with a band of 1636 men . russia begins the conquest of siberia .
0	nearly all models are the direct-gain type . they consist of flat panels in which water circulates .
0	he received the 1952 nobel peace prize . in 1952 dr albert schweitzer was awarded the nobel peace prize .
0	it was made in 60 bc . it finished with crassus ' death in the year 53 bc .
0	no damage or deaths were caused by the storm . no ships reported tropical storm-force winds .
0	despina is now disguised as a notary . she gets everyone to sign the marriage contract .
0	tea scoops are made from bamboo . they are made of wood .
0	in 1634 , the colony was divided into shires . they were soon renamed counties .
0	the total population of spanish-speakers reaches more than 395 million people . the number surpasses 300 million .
0	references friedland , martin l. ( 2002 ) . the university of toronto : a history .
0	history saint-denis was founded by étienne régnault in 1669. the city became the capital of réunion island in 1738 .
0	tallinn is the capital of estonia . since 1991 tallinn has been the capital of an independent estonia .
0	two positive charges repel each other . two negative charges also repel .
0	its capital is lincoln . the largest city in nebraska is omaha .
0	the gothic language is an extinct germanic language . it was spoken by the goths .
0	other entertainment websites , including gaming sites , were blacked out . other websites had links to earthquake donations .
0	accomptant comes from the french word compter . the french word compter comes from the latin word computare .
0	the birthrate and population were declining . labor was therefore the most important factor for production .
0	it was sold to sweden in 1785. sweden sold it back to france in 1878 .
0	the roe is in a single mass . this makes it look like a piece of fish .
0	liberty is a city in clay county , missouri . it is suburb of kansas city , missouri .
0	the head of state is the bundespräsident ( federal president ) . the current president is horst köhler .
0	the largest city of switzerland is zürich . the biggest cities are zürich , basel and bern .
0	festival in gøta in july . summarfestivalurin in klaksvík in august .
0	in 1968 , he was awarded a football scholarship to the university of tulsa . he played middle linebacker .
0	australopithecus afarensis is an extinct hominid . it lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago .
0	fra angelico at san marco . fra angelico : the san marco frescoes .
0	it is at version 1.341. notrium was developed by independent finnish programmer ville mönkkönen .
0	beginning of the yowa era in japan . the era is marked by famine .
0	priscilla died in march of 1949. in june 1950 , cabell married margaret waller freeman .
0	the reform is named after the abbey of cluny in burgundy . it started in the benedictine order there .
0	he went to stonyhurst college . he became an agnostic by the time he left .
0	events january 1 - charles ii crowned king of scotland in scone . this is his first crowning .
0	other major sports are basketball and volleyball . some people also play handball , tennis , and other sports .
0	it is very soft . lithium is the lightest solid element in the periodic table .
0	alan tudyk as hoban `` wash '' washburne . the pilot of the ship , and zoe 's husband .
0	itajaí is found on the base baixo vale do itajaí . it is next to the atlantic ocean .
0	kenny mccormick kenny comes from a poor family . kenny 's voice is muffled by his parka .
0	the capital of england is london . scotland 's capital is edinburgh and wales ' is cardiff .
0	lefebvre went to the école nationale supérieure des beaux-arts in 1852. he was a pupil of léon cogniet .
0	in 2001 , a hominid skull was discovered in chad . sahelanthropus tchadensis .
0	atv is a turkish television channel that broadcasts nationwide . it was founded in 1993 .
0	shot dead by the police . weissbecker was shot dead and roll was arrested .
0	salivary duct calculus may block the ducts . this would cause pain and swelling of the gland .
0	childhood bell was born in bloomington , indiana , united states . his father was a psychologist and therapist .
0	syntax c # code looks a lot like c++ and java code . it is an object-oriented programming language .
0	the northern territory does not have daylight saving time . queensland does not have daylight savings time either .
0	comedian alan carr attended what is now weston favell school . television presenter michael underwood lives in the town .
0	they did not invent writing , epigraphy , and the calendar . but their civilization fully developed them .
0	bamberg cathedral is the only place in germany where a pope is buried . he was pope clement ii .
0	pretoria itself was founded in 1855 by marthinus pretorius . pretoruis named the city after his father andries pretorius .
0	the word is a made up of television and evangelism . the term was started by time magazine .
0	dumas had an off-screen relationship with matt hardy . it ended in 2005 after her affair with adam copeland .
0	the name silicosis is from visconti in 1870. the name comes from the latin silex which means flint .
0	christian music . he is in favor homeschooling ; iblp publishes its own homeschooling material .
0	within the webbing are two pouches . these pouches hide the tactile velar filaments .
0	after some time , a star of david appeared at the site . many religious symbols appeared .
0	galaxyland : the worlds largest indoor amusement park . the park has 24 rides .
0	shot clock the wnba shot clock is 24 seconds . men 's basketball uses a 34 second shot clock .
0	jason - the hottie that amy has a thing for . jesse hutch - jason .
0	this family of languages is in a larger language group . this group is called the mandé group .
0	mark hoppus is an american musician . he was born march 15 , 1972 .
0	cnh2n-2 is their general formula . their general formula is cnh2n-2 .
0	march 17 - saint patrick 's day . april 23 - saint george 's day .
0	u.s. involvement in vietnam war ends with the signing of peace pacts . see paris peace accords .
0	ruthenium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol ru . it has the atomic number 44 .
0	tendons and muscles work together . they can only create a pulling force .
0	with hardware raid , a battery can be used to protect this cache . this often solves the problem .
0	suwanee is a city in the american state of georgia . it is in gwinnett county .
0	despite his many successes , pier could not defeat the burgundian/hapsburg armies . he retired disillusioned in 1519 .
0	the leaves are alternate , 2.5-6 cm long . the fruit of wild trees is 1-2.5 cm long .
0	it has the chemical symbol ta . it has the atomic number 73 .
0	tatami were gradually popularized . they finally reached the homes of commoners towards the end of the 17th century .
0	as a young girl , hewitt liked music . this led to her first encounters with the entertainment industry .
0	all types of sushi have some kind of rice . there are different kinds of sushi .
0	evolution can produce highly optimized processes and networks . this has many applications in computer science .
0	adam baldwin as jayne cobb . jayne is often the `` main gun '' for jobs .
0	in 1951 he became prime minister again . in 1955 he retired from being prime minister .
0	the danube joins the prut river . the prut river makes the moldovan romanian border .
0	in 1883 fauré married marie fremiet . they had two sons .
0	march 3 earthquake in japan kills 3.000 people . march 10 – earthquake in long beach , california .
0	he named the species myrmecophaga aculeata . he thought it might be related to the south american anteater .
0	serfdom reached eastern european countries later than western europe . it became the main way around the 15th century .
0	death of louis i of hungary and poland . louis ' daughter mary becomes queen of hungary .
0	students for a democratic society [ s.d.s. ] . students for a democratic society [ progressive labor ] .
0	they are a commercially important flatfish . they live on the sandy bottoms of the european shelf .
0	it was first named bathurst after henry bathurst . the name was changed to banjul in 1973 .
0	in the 15th century a chapel was built on the top . it was dedicated to the holy cross .
0	each team is allowed six substitution players . each game consists of 3-5 sets .
0	classical music of tamil people is carnatic music . tamil folk music is very different from the carnatic music .
0	it is related to the potato and tomato . originally it comes from india and sri lanka .
0	the black death had a drastic effect on europe 's population . it changed europe 's social structure .
0	it has about 12 % fat in its flesh . it is a source of many vitamins .
0	cephalopods have well developed senses and large brains . their brains are larger than those of gastropods or bivalves .
0	fauset attended philadelphia high school for girls . she was the only african-american student to graduate .
0	the case is famous for its enduring lack of evidence . a few significant clues have arisen , nevertheless .
0	released after 14 years in prison . wolfgang grundmann 1948 released from prison in 1976 , after four years .
0	some of them may cause cancer . about 30 virus types can be transmitted sexually .
0	france , 1987 concerto for trumpet and orchestra . stu 70714 a , france .
0	the school library was opened since september 1982. the library system was changed to use computer since september 2001 .
0	the tour began in strasbourg , on the french-german border . it ended sunday july 23 in paris .
0	the shell is internally divided into chambers . the chambered section is called the phragmocone .
0	the next season , boston missed the playoffs . they missed the playoffs both times .
0	her father ’ s name was thomas apthorpe cooper . cooper was a successful stage actor and producer .
0	freebsd/linux kernel source code cross-reference . browsable linux kernel source .
0	the leathery snout is covered in mechano- and thermoreceptors . these receptors provide information about the surrounding environment .
0	tirana was founded in 1614. it became albania 's capital city in 1920 .
0	sloths are mammals that live in central and south america . they are part of the order pilosa .
0	tahiti the bounty reached tahiti on october 25 , 1788. she had been at sea for ten months .
0	the larvae of click beetles are elateriform larvae . click beetle larvae have a special name : wireworms .
0	the stage of the amphitheatre is on a small island . the audience sits on the surrounding hillsides .
0	wikipedia is not censored . content will generally not be removed because some people find it objectionable .
0	the plasmodium is in the mosquito 's saliva . the mosquito 's saliva carries the plasmodium into the person .
0	the name was suggested by camille flammarion . before 1975 , amalthea was most commonly known simply as .
0	he was sentenced to death in 1996. that sentence was changed to a life sentence .
0	later he declares himself as an emperor napoleon iii . end of the second republic .
0	rhodium is found in platinum ores . rhodium is used as a catalyst in some platinum alloys .
0	h & m has more than 1400 stores in 28 different countries . it has more than 60,000 employees .
0	arecaceae in flora of north america . some kinds may contain two or more seeds in each fruit .
0	romania . the delta is a biosphere reserve and a biodiversity world heritage site .
0	romania is in southeast europe . it is the twelfth-largest country in europe .
0	the titles are samguk sagi and samguk yusa . the name `` samguk '' means `` three kingdoms '' .
0	this view was created by st. augustine . it was later changed by st. thomas aquinas .
0	the river flows south across wisconsin . it passes the cities of wausau and stevens point .
0	aurora asked zeus to grant immortality to tithonus . however , she failed to ask him for eternal youth .
0	these civilizations are called river valley civilizations . they say china began as city-states in the yellow river valley .
0	ecology most species of bryozoan live in marine environments . there are about 50 species which inhabit freshwater .
0	the elderates are governed by the elders . the elders are appointed by the municipal councils .
0	about 75 % of people have limb onset als . about 25 % of cases are bulbar onset als .
0	the arrondissement of largentière is an arrondissement of france . it can be found in the ardèche département .
0	it can grow to 20-80 cm tall . they are 1-4 cm long .
0	third album their next lp was released in 1981. it was called penis envy .
0	they are attracted to lights at night . they are probably short-lived and do not feed at all .
0	cambodians celebrate the cambodian new years in april . it is based on theravada buddhism .
0	the ephesians worshiped cybele . they joined many of their beliefs into the worship of artemis .
0	the names of the earthly branches have no english translations . they are not chinese translations of the animals .
0	indium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol in .
0	the siege hulagu demanded surrender ; the caliph refused . al-musta'sim tried to negotiate , but was refused .
0	his mother was alessandra larracocci . he was 9 when she died .
0	garden city , new york : doubleday & company , 1964. new york : doubleday , 1995 .
0	morena baccarin as inara serra . she is a companion who once rented one of serenity 's shuttles .
0	office space is a 1999 comedy movie . the movie was directed by mike judge .
0	the poem was first published in 1590. a longer version of the poem was published in 1596 .
0	april 25 – easter occurs on the latest possible date . last time 1886 next time 2038 .
0	worldwide , sublime has sold over 8 million albums . last accessed november 23 , 2007 .
0	he has been nominated for the vezina trophy three times . he finished third all three times .
0	ton roosendaal announced the film in may 2005. he is the chairman of the blender foundation .
0	it has the chemical symbol la . it has the atomic number 57 .
0	the heart is an organ found in all vertebrates . this is the heart muscle .
0	it is the highest navigable lake in the world . it is at 3,809 meters above sea level .
0	young cricket and master mantis - a student and his master . they practice martial arts .
0	ending of the yowa era in japan . the era was marked by famine .
0	moody was replaced by another guitarist , terry balsamo . terry balsamo is the guitarist .
0	curium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol cm .
0	they prefer deciduous forests . they like to hide in the fallen leaves or mossy tree trunks .
0	he is angel 's father . he wants to take his son 's mutant abilities away .
0	astana is the capital city of kazakhstan . almaty was the capital before 1998 .
0	the sport is very popular in indigenous communities . cricket is also a popular sport in alice springs .
0	other websites the anglo-norman hub - a project to produce an an dictionary . contains articles and corpus texts .
0	the instruments they played also varied . mostly they were loud wind instruments such as the shawm .
0	each team has two players . the game is played on two chess boards .
0	snow is a very rare event . it only snows in pretoria once or twice in a century .
0	several important cultural achievements were made in the decade . roger bacon published important scientific work named opus majus .
0	may 18 - the ottoman troops landed on the island of malta . the great siege of malta began .
0	marcellina is with them . she has told susanna of figaro 's suspicions and plans .
0	the lower parts do not have permafrost . because of this they are generally better drained than permafrost soils .
0	the imparja cup cricket carnival started in 1994. teams from indigenous communities come from all across australia .
0	features the gorges of the ardèche region have many caves . many of them have geological or archaeological importance .
0	everton were founded in 1878. in 1888 the football league was founded .
0	he was taken to washington college hospital . he died on october 7 , 1849 , in the hospital .
0	rohu is the main species of fish in this stream . kingfisher birds hunt here too .
0	belize is a country in central america . it was formerly called british honduras .
0	earl aethelred is given control of london by alfred the great . alfred 's sister ethelfleda marries aethelred .
0	chester bennington appeared on state of the art by dj lethal . mike shinoda worked with depeche mode .
0	her father ’ s name was john donelson . he was the brother of rachel donelson jackson .
0	akilathirattu was recorded on palm leaves . then in 1939 it was given printed form .
0	it was much farther north than the current wall . the current wall was built during the ming dynasty .
0	about 75 % of people have limb onset als . about 25 % of cases are bulbar onset als .
0	sexual reproduction most sponges reproduce sexually . they can make sperm cells that are released into the water .
0	unlike farmers , shepherds were often wage earners . they were paid to watch other people ’ s sheep .
0	the philadelphia phillies are a major league baseball team . they play in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
0	classical music of tamil people is carnatic music . tamil folk music is very different from the carnatic music .
0	it has the chemical symbol tc . it has the atomic number 43 .
0	in japan , 1.97 million super smash bros. cds were sold , and 2.93 million super smash bros .
0	in north america , steaks are usually grilled . they are also often pan-fried or broiled .
0	the party went back on december 18 and went more to the west . this was an easier journey .
0	the movie trilogy was directed by peter jackson . it was distributed by new line cinema .
0	they have also been introduced to all continents except antarctica . they are serious pest animals .
0	the monster kills frankenstein 's brother . the monster kills frankenstein 's friend and frankenstein 's wife .
0	platelets help blood clot . both platelets and clotting proteins are needed to make good clots .
0	she is called the `` mother of liberation '' . she stands for success in work and achievements .
0	all have evolved their tails so they can be used for swimming . they can also excrete salt .
0	later , he was wounded near reims . he was sent to st. rochus hospital in mainz to recover .
0	their general formula is cnh2n+2 . the general formula for the alkenes is cnh2n .
0	almost all cacti are succulents . not all succulents are cacti though .
0	in 1951 he became prime minister again . in 1955 he retired from being prime minister .
0	jody rosen ( september 5 , 2006 ) . the village voice fires a famous music critic .
0	india started operation meghdoot . they took control of most of the siachen glacier in kashmir .
0	genyornis newtoni ( the mihirung ) was related to dromornis . it was about the height of an ostrich .
0	edward the confessor marries edith . edward the confessor begins construction on westminster abbey .
0	pregnancy takes about six months . tarsiers give birth to single offspring .
0	kangxi dictionary published this year . this dictionary lays the foundation of most references to han characters studies nowadays .
0	in 1972 carstens was elected into the bundestag . he stayed a member until 1979 .
0	the city of saint-louis is on this island . the river then turns south .
0	the capital city is tallinn . tallinn is the capital of estonia .
0	in 1888 the football league was founded . everton were one of the 12 founding members .
0	they lived near the campus . she kept her younger brother with them .
0	it has the chemical symbol th . it has the atomic number 90 .
0	the indian government began operation blue star . it was a planned attack on the golden temple in amritsar .
0	according to the two-source hypothesis it is also the earliest . the account in acts was originally in luke-acts .
0	banana fruits the banana fruit grow in hanging clusters . there are up to 20 fruit to a tier .
0	hannibal decided to march through samnium to campania . he hoped that the devastation would draw fabius into battle .
0	these were the umbrians . they lived in small fortified villages on high ground .
0	researchers have made trials on how to breed the giant pandas . they have successfully bred 66 panda cubs .
0	palladium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol pd . it has the atomic number 46 .
0	he is married to dorothy , a priest in the church of england . they have three children .
0	cork oaks are sometimes planted as individual trees . so they provide a small income to their owners .
0	the pinto martins international airport connects fortaleza with the major brazilian cities . it also operates international flights .
0	augusta is located on the georgia/south carolina border . it is about 150 miles east of atlanta .
0	domitian makes himself censor for life . this gives him the right to control the senate .
0	socrates is a man . therefore , socrates is mortal .
0	the first volume appeared in march 1907. it was completed in april 1914 .
0	aldershot and into stonehurst . stonehurst was a large bungalow on top of a hill .
0	eragon is a book written by christopher paolini . eragon is the first book in the inheritance cycle .
0	meins died during a hunger strike in stammheim prison in 1974. this was when philosopher jean-paul sartre visited baader .
0	his musical influences include metallica . joe cocker and rod stewart .
0	it should be kept away from extremely cold drafts . a greenhouse or cloche is ideal if available .
0	he then was elected senator ( 1987-1992 ) . as senator , he authored the seminal local government code .
0	he started playing mandolin at the age of five . he took lessons from john moore .
0	the most happy fella . book , music , and lyrics by frank loesser .
0	they are sometimes known as sea cows . the manatees form the genus trichechus and the family trichechidae .
0	it is caused by parasites . the parasite that causes malaria is a protozoan called plasmodium .
0	freetown also has a heliport on aberdeen island . it connects the city with the airport .
0	chiapas is the southernmost state of mexico . it is located towards the southeast of the country .
0	history the plasma window was created at brookhaven national laboratory by ady hershcovitch . it was patented in 1995 .
0	the music the concerto has two movements . each movement is also divided into two sections .
0	people use it to mix tea . the host mixes the tea with hot water .
0	pacific islands are islands that are in the pacific ocean . there are about 20,000 or 30,000 of them .
0	testosterone is an androgen sex steroid hormone . a steroid hormone is one that is made from cholesterol .
0	february 26 1966 ) , was an italian painter . he was a founding member of the futurist movement .
0	thallium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol tl . it has the atomic number 81 .
0	the city is also the country 's richest city . it is an important economic centre .
0	turkey 's official language is turkish . the sole official language in turkey is turkish .
0	timpani is an italian word . it is also a plural of the word timpano .
0	often they are kidnapped or orphaned . in some cases they are even sold by their own families .
0	once upon a mattress . book by jay thompson , marshall barer , and dean fuller .
0	an unexpected residue caught his eye . it turned out to be the first aniline dye , mauveine .
0	tommy oliver - the green ranger . he later becomes the white ranger .
0	roberts and marsh got the most votes . niether of them got 50 % of the vote .
0	he began learning the saxophone when he was 15. by age 16 he began to tour with a band .
0	sartre served in the french army from 1929 to 1931. in 1939 sartre was drafted into the french army .
0	they are primarily freshwater inhabitants . they have organs adapted to the generation of electric fields .
0	sigmund freud provided an analysis of taboo behaviours . he highlighted strong subconscious motivations behind such prohibitions .
0	this story was a huge success worldwide . it was nominated for several academy awards .
0	his post-secondary education was at chung cheng institute of technology . he graduated with a degree in survey engineering .
0	christian hedonism is a controversial christian doctrine in some evangelical churches . partly those of the reformed tradition .
0	indonesia 's sea-lane position helped international trade . trade has since fundamentally shaped indonesian history .
0	they were peasants from northern italy . they created italian colonies close to the coast .
0	adam baldwin grew up watching westerns . jayne cobb , played by adam baldwin , is the hired muscle .
0	most reproduce asexually , by budding . some use binary fission to reproduce .
0	she graduated from tufts university , where she met her husband . she earned an mba at northwestern university .
0	the unit of mass is the kilogram . the metric tonne is 1000 kilograms or a million grams .
0	her vulva , breasts , and swollen belly are very pronounced . this suggests a strong connection to fertility .
0	in the united states , tagore gave many lectures during 1916 and 1917. many people attended those lectures .
0	the british arrested him . the british government of india put him under house arrest .
0	são tomé was the colony 's capital until 1753. it has been the national capital since 1852 .
0	they arrived in indonesia around 2000 bce . the native melanesian peoples went to the far eastern regions .
0	there are several bodegas in the town centre . all of these can be visited by the public .
0	life outside football robson married elsie in 1955. they have three children , andrew , paul and mark .
0	moths have larger scales on their wings . these make them look more dense and fluffy .
0	basil is very sensitive to cold . it is best grown in hot , dry conditions .
0	bentheuphausia amblyops is a species of krill . krill are small shrimp-like crustaceans living in the ocean .
0	satam al-suqami arrived at logan international airport by car . waleed al-shehri and wail al-shehri sat in first class .
0	he wrote three books based on episodes of the series . they were simultaneously published in hardback and paperback .
0	the most famous bodega is the osborne and terry bodegas . they export sherry and brandy worldwide .
0	in 1774 phillip joined the portuguese navy as a captain . he served in the spanish-portuguese war , 1776-1777 .
0	there are over 800 stores and services in the mall . wem has parking for more than 20,000 vehicles .
0	the corals could then grow over the hills . this formed the present cays and reefs .
0	other people believe the totonac were the founders of teotihuacán . the debate continues to this day .
0	when world war ii started nissel was interned on the isle of man . norbert brainin .
0	a major fire ruined the town in 1491. only fifteen houses were not destroyed .
0	italians italian settlers started arriving in santa catarina in 1875. they came in large numbers until the 1910s .
0	romania is a secular state . this means romania has no national religion .
0	it joins the gilgit river with the naltar river . later it flows into the indus river .
0	suu kyi went to catholic schools for much of her childhood in burma . she learned english in school .
0	atahualpa 's commanderfollowing juan de betanzos chronicle lead armies of 100,000 men . about 60,000 men supported huáscar .
0	sociology includes many sub-fields that examine different aspects of society . some sociologists combine different research methods .
0	eastman grew up in ithaca , new york . he began piano at age 14 .
0	control theory is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and mathematics . it deals with the behavior of dynamical systems .
0	isbn 978-0-931892-67-7 entering the diamond way : tibetan buddhism meets the west . blue dolphin publishing ( 1999 ) .
0	neo is becoming the one . a train is coming .
0	it quickly grew in popularity . it became more popular than 120 film by the late 1960s .
0	first printed book in the lithuanian language . author - martynas mazvydas .
0	mogadishu has the most port traffic of any port in somalia . it is still a major seaport .
0	the school has a large gymnasium and cafeteria . it also has access to washroom and meal preparation facilities .
0	only member states of the wmo and unep may be members of ipcc . supported by unep and wmo .
0	silver left the band in august 1969. he was replaced by john mayhew .
0	amylase is an enzyme . it can break down starch into maltose .
0	from 1945 to 1947 he wrote for the newspaper el universal . he wrote for other newspapers and magazines .
0	references lloyd , martin ( 2003 ) . the passport : the history of man 's most travelled document .
0	mongo is a city in chad . it is the capital city of the guéra prefecture .
0	economy sartell 's largest employer is verso paper . another large employer is dezurik water controls .
0	the first suggestion for a name came from galle . he proposed the name janus .
0	it belongs to the group of ground squirrels . those squirrels are also known as marmots .
0	poland and lithuania are united in the union of lublin . they form polish-lithuanian commonwealth .
0	spellman pointed out that the supreme court had recently upheld such provisions . he also accused her of anti-catholicism .
0	it contains no double bonds . it contains carbon atoms that are fully saturated with hydrogen .
0	the capital is venice . the population was about 4,869,694 in 2008 .
0	then he went to yale university . in 1996 , he received a masters degree from harvard university .
0	in 1918 , krosigk married baroness ehrengard von plettenberg . they had four sons and five daughters .
0	the biggest cities are rotterdam and the hague . the hague is the capital of the province .
0	plato , gorgias . plato , menexenus .
0	lucas , john randolph , 1973. a treatise on time and space .
0	nyx was the goddess of the night in greek mythology . her roman equivalent was nox .
0	the main attraction is the castle . it belongs to the count solms-laubach family .
0	in the 1924–25 season , he joined the duluth hornets . he played 40 games for the hornets .
0	the fat friar is the house ghost . the head ( ruler ) of hufflepuff house is pomona sprout .
0	early life simpson was the youngest of the six children . he was born in haswell , county durham .
0	the movie is a light parody . it goes against the clichés of typical horror movies .
0	gillingham football club is an english football club . they are based in the town of gillingham , kent .
0	strontium is a chemical element . it has the chemical symbol sr. it has the atomic number 38 .
0	it rises in the vosges department . it joins the rhône in lyon .
0	the 50-dollar note was first printed in 1973. in 1984 australia printed the 100-dollar note .
0	it is caused by parasites . the parasite that causes malaria is a protozoan called plasmodium .
0	müller and his wife began working with orphans in 1836. they then kept thirty girls in their own home .
0	they moved to richmond . in richmond , robert worked as the register of the confederate treasury .
0	the british empire took control of the island in 1878. nicosia was the capital of the new british colony .
0	jazz exams these are the newest types of exams . jazz piano was first offered in 1999 .
0	they have two children : shane and stephanie . both of their children work for wwe .
0	it publicly records interests in land in england and wales . it answers to the ministry of justice .
0	most of the rest are frugivores . a few species are carnivorous .
0	it is also the commercial center for the surrounding region . tin and iron are mined nearby .
0	he later studied at the colorado state teachers college . he taught there for several years .
0	the philippines is a country with more than 7,000 islands . about 92 % of the people are christians .
0	a square has rotational symmetry of 4. it has 4 lines of regular symmetry .
0	in 1889 the pizza margherita was named after her . red sauce , green basil and white cheese .
0	it is named after the god phobos in greek mythology . it 's name means `` fear '' .
0	it is both a federal and a state holiday . thirty states made it a state holiday that year .
0	children need more sleep than adults . newborn babies sleep about 18 hours per day .
0	the philadelphia phillies are a major league baseball team . they play in the national league east .
0	it is caused by a lack of niacin . niacin is also known as vitamin b3 .
0	it contains over 600 species . these species can be found naturally throughout eurasia , africa , and australia .
0	nature 409 : 618-622 ( abstract here ) . american journal of botany 91:1582-1598 ( online abstract here ) .
0	they then went to india . they settled in gangtok at the invitation of the king of sikkim .
0	grameen bank is best known for solidarity lending . there is solidarity lending in over 43 countries .
0	the storm did something else rare , the storm made landfall in spain .
0	for this reason , the furlong was once also called an acre 's length .
0	he gave piano lessons .
0	the novel has been enjoyed by many generations of chinese and is the most popular chinese classic folk novel .
0	durey became interested in left-wing politics and later joined the communist party .
0	in 1066 he invaded england , and was killed at the battle of stamford bridge .
0	ytterbium is found in minerals named gadolinite , monazite , and xenotime .
0	the capital city is kreuzlingen .
0	it was created by daniel robbins .
0	he was the coach at boston college before moving to the nfl .
0	programs are being tried by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .
0	she also went to the school of oriental and african studies , university of london in the 1980s .
0	together , they try out for the lead parts in their high school musical .
0	she is known for being part of the black arts movement .
0	switzerland has been neutral for more than 190 years .
0	new crash survivors and others are introduced .
0	in 2002 he was voted into the college football hall of fame .
0	she has written music for orchestra , chamber music , vocal and choral music .
0	his name is beckmesser .
0	the soundtrack to the series was released on cd on november 8 , 2005 by varèse sarabande .
0	it is not an enclave .
0	it is the highest instrument in the orchestra .
0	sometimes several swings are hung from one long metal or wooden frame .
0	william was born in nassau in germany .
0	they can tolerate extremely high temperatures and levels of sulfur .
0	columbus instead `` discovered '' america .
0	currently , the first eleven seasons are available on dvd .
0	hungary withdrew from the warsaw pact .
0	her squeaks and occasional speaking parts are regularly done by nancy cartwright or yeardley smith .
0	praxidike belongs to the ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid .
0	he became prime minister on august 28 , 2004 and served until november 15 , 2007 .
0	structure phosphates are made of one phosphorus atom surrounded by four oxygen atoms .
0	it borders orange county on its southeast edge .
0	russia acquires sukhumi through a treaty with abkhazian dukes , and declares a protectorate over the whole of abkhazia .
0	he is buried at fontevraud abbey near saumur in france , as are his father and mother .
0	the ore mountains are famous for many christmas traditions .
0	and by the next decade the population is expected to exceed 176 million .
0	the song is also called the national anthem of the soviet union .
0	the tower is named after the principle of juche , developed by kim il-sung .
0	eventually , fifty was lowered to five prayers a day .
0	the berlin-hohenschönhausen memorial is on the site of the main prison of the stasi .
0	they can be made into jams , jellies or juice .
0	their two best known songs were `` cover of the rolling stone '' and `` sylvia 's mother '' .
0	history the old altmark region , included parts of the neighbouring district of stendal .
0	it is a cool season crop , planted in winter .
0	government burke county is part of the local western piedmont council of governments .
0	he studied law in leipzig from 1765 to 1768 .
0	mozart 's copy of the music was sent to england where it was published by dr charles burney .
0	the population is 643,000 .
0	it is celebrated on the third monday in january .
0	the spin is named after swiss skater denise biellmann , who popularized the move .
0	william i , the son of stadtholder william v , became king .
0	she spent her childhood at the ecsed castle .
0	kress stores were common in many cities and towns of the united states .
0	if you have any questions about wikipedia , please see wikipedia : simple talk .
0	bassenge is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	the individuals within a faction are united in a common goal for the organisation they are a part of .
0	modern version the following is the modern version , adopted in 1900 , without the vivid attacks against spain .
0	its summit is on the border between nepal and china .
0	this had a big impact on sunderland which was selling more and more coal .
0	in the 19th century , jane austen and charles dickens were popular novelists .
0	in 1947 they formed the brainin quartet .
0	hunhunahpu & xbaquiyalo beget `` monkey twins '' hunbatz & hunchouen .
0	because the owner tends to not know , these computers are compared to zombies .
0	this group defeated the french imperialists during the first indochinese war .
0	as a result of the development of agriculture in the south , important cultural development was possible there .
0	another early culture in the armenian highlands and surrounding areas—the kura-araxes culture is in the period of ca .
0	the team 's home arena is the palace of auburn hills .
0	the average elevation is 250m above sea level .
0	he went to paris in 1580 where he worked for the ambassador to the french court .
0	powell travelled on the continent during his holidays .
0	he was best known for his role as mike brady on the brady bunch .
0	postage stamps the federation handled the mail and issued postage stamps , after 1 january 1868 .
0	it was made a free borough by ranulf , earl of chester in about 1230 .
0	witchcraft is the use of certain powers , said to be supernatural .
0	the only pepper without capsaicin is the bell pepper .
0	he was let go from the texas air national guard in 1973 .
0	this bombing was followed by one in july on a train that killed more than 70 .
0	in hong kong the term `` bureau '' is used .
0	it is abbreviated n m or n·m , and sometimes written with hyphen newton-metre .
0	the las pulgas fire is located at 43 area near basilone road .
0	legolas and gimli arrive .
0	with the formula c5h5n5o , guanine is a derivative of purine .
0	salamis are now sometimes smoked or cooked before air drying .
0	in 2006 its supporters voted bill shankly the author of the greatest footballing quotation of all time .
0	the lnh-men universe [ ] [ ] : jeff mccoskey wrote a story called the golden lnh-men .
0	neo kills agent smith .
0	events january — assize of northampton .
0	however , the single received some attention from european countries , eventually peaking at number thirteen in the netherlands .
0	there are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil .
0	english and german are the most common second languages studied and spoken .
0	as a three of threes , the number nine became associated with great power .
0	the capital and largest city on the island is mataram .
0	the history of the britannica can be divided into five main eras , or lengths of time .
0	comosicus succeeds burebista as king of dacia .
0	the people of botswana have had the world 's fastest growth in standard of living since that time .
0	the number of judges are equal to the number of member countries of the council of europe .
0	the three angles of a triangle add to 180 degrees .
0	moundou lies on one of the main roads in southern chad .
0	he is played by adam woodyatt .
0	about 1.5 million people enjoy the nationally famous axé music bands .
0	brady was first drafted by the patriots in the 2000 nfl draft from the university of michigan .
0	chaumont-gistoux is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	john felton assassinates george villiers , duke of buckingham .
0	through a ministerial ruling in march 2004 , the spanish government removed economic barriers to grid-connection of renewable energy .
0	the first ship , supply , reached botany bay on 18 january 1788 .
0	he also played the piano and violin .
0	ciara made her debut in the summer of 2004 with the billboard number-one single `` goodies '' .
0	dougie donnelly and dougie vipond are the main presenters of the program .
0	it has an area of 18,909 square kilometers .
0	he graduated with a medical degree in 1933 .
0	the space shuttle is a spacecraft used by the united states ' nasa organization .
0	he often sang about skin creams and powders which would lighten dark skin .
0	piasts ruled also in masovia until 1526 and silesia until 1675 .
0	the green and yellow colors in the middle refer to the national colors of brazil .
0	small inductors can also be put onto integrated circuits using the same ways that are used to make transistors .
0	shelokhonov made his own puppet theater in 1943 .
0	they will take live prey but mostly feed on carrion .
0	hillary clinton was the first first lady to win election to public office .
0	a term with no letters in it is called a `` constant term '' .
0	she became the youngest-ever champion at the 1990 french open at the age of 16 .
0	since 1849 , all of washington d.c. is on the north side of the potomac river .
0	that is , judges should avoid drawing inference from a statute or constitution .
0	antennae are jointed and extend forward from the head .
0	a screenplay for television is called a teleplay .
0	the area was part of the cotswolds wool trade from the 13th century .
0	the role won him an academy award for best actor , the youngest actor ever to win the award .
0	mario must go through eight worlds to save her .
0	it was originally a series of made for tv shorts on the anthology show , oh yeah !
0	it stayed on the southern edge of a meteorological ridge .
0	toxic tree-line the environment is too extreme for trees to grow .
0	their most characteristic feature is their large cheek pouches .
0	he moved to yalta and bought a house there .
0	it is about 80 km south east of the state capital , hobart .
0	the mayflower set sail back to england on april 5 , 1621 .
0	they studied with violin teacher max rostal , who taught them free of charge .
0	cell size the relationship between cell size and cell division has been extensively studied in yeast .
0	president richard nixon once met with protesters of the vietnam war , who were at the memorial .
0	most of the domus aurea was torn down .
0	there is also a memorial statue of hendrix playing a stratocaster near the corner of broadway in seattle .
0	after very long negotiations , the long expected first constitution was brought in september of 1791 .
0	the australian 50-cent coin is a large coin .
0	the figure was removed because of an islamic belief against making pictures of humans .
0	animals being poached are bear , musk deer , tiger etc .
0	pump jets have some advantages over bare propellers for certain applications , usually related to requirements for high-speed .
0	life he was born arthur jacob arshawsky in new york , new york .
0	on 4 april 1941 , the afrika korps starting fighting murray 's 20th brigade .
0	sometimes , ships are unable to dock because of strong northwestern winds in winter .
0	municipalities since the 1990s there are twelve municipalities in drenthe .
0	many observers believe that this election marked the beginning of the end of the schröder government .
0	most every christian church believe and teach the new testament writing of the resurrection of jesus .
0	robinson technologies - home the graphics for the game were made by anthem game group .
0	the silvia night show started airing in sweden on the channel tv400 on october 10 , 2007 .
0	the capital city is seoul .
0	afterwards , the hand can slide up and down , thereby changing the pitch .
0	he recently joined the right wing nationaldemokratische partei deutschlands .
0	it is one of nine official languages of pakistan .
0	r.e.m . : fiction : an alternative biography .
0	when he returned to england he married elizabeth browne , the daughter of elizabeth i 's royal physician .
0	the atlantic storm prediction centre sent out gale warnings for the storm .
0	bijeljina region is a region in republika srpska in bosnia and herzegovina .
0	when the bishops did not respond , luther circulated his theses privately .
0	jemeppe-sur-sambre is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	a league is an old unit of length .
0	a lot of famous ships were built by the belfast shipyard harland and wolff .
0	it measured 7.3 on the richter scale .
0	his father , charles bardeen was a professor at the medical school of the university of wisconsin .
0	the american airlines flight 11 aircraft was a boeing 767 .
0	king andrew ii wrote about the village for the first time in 1233 .
0	europe ; important in forestry .
0	the house of windsor .
0	it was created by janne jalkanen .
0	it is now one the most popular entertainment shows in china .
0	it is presented by simon amstell with phill jupitus and bill bailey as the team captains .
0	events january 16 - the roman senate votes octavian the title of augustus .
0	olsztyn is the biggest city and the capital of the warmian-masurian voivodship .
0	she has the power of prophecy , but she does not tell what she knows .
0	he was born to armenian parents iosif paradjanyan and siranush bejanyan , in tbilisi , georgia .
0	this will fix the price for a certain type of good .
0	another name for magenta is fuchsia , named after the fuchsia flower .
0	the underside is off-white to light gray .
0	michener wrote that he did not know who his parents were or exactly when and where he was born .
0	the other hand controls the volume .
0	oklahoma has small mountain ranges , prairies , and eastern forests .
0	owen spencer-thomas was born on march 3 , 1940 in braughing , hertfordshire , england .
0	she was the daughter of henry viii and his first wife , catherine of aragon .
0	the ruwer is a river in germany with a length of , a tributary of the mosel river .
0	john paul ii said he was a `` shepherd of great spiritual and moral character '' .
0	he issued the charter of liberties which is considered a predecessor of the magna carta .
0	in florida about 2000 complaints were filed with the attorney general and the better business bureau .
0	hofmann called lsd `` medicine for the soul '' .
0	in 1995 he became the first player ever to be disqualified from the wimbledon tournament .
0	there is an ongoing debate over whether h. floresiensis is indeed a separate species .
0	he is a cousin of musicians jerry lee lewis and mickey gilley .
0	the word `` lollywood '' was first used in the summer of 1989 .
0	he won three grammy awards in 2003 .
0	in 280 ad , he conquered eastern wu and unified china .
0	the roman army had no was to escape .
0	there are far fewer biennials than either perennials or annuals .
0	russian is one of the six official languages of the united nations .
0	in 1964 he retired from parliament .
0	it dissipated without affecting any land areas .
0	reo speedwagon is an american rock band .
0	he tells ilia that it is not his fault that their fathers were enemies .
0	annie oliv will play cello during melodifestivalen 2008 in mickey huskics entry in semifinal number three on february 23 .
0	dombasle-sur-meurthe is a town in france .
0	they named him clark kent .
0	it is possible that the berber muslim almoravids came from the area .
0	the nautilus shell is one of the finest natural examples of a logarithmic spiral .
0	english our country , which has become so old your head is all covered with white hair .
0	references other websites kalliope and linus very well resolved with the 8m vlt at eso .
0	a picture of the castle is featured on the royal bank of scotland ten pound note .
0	klaus spent the entire night reading about how they could stop count olaf 's plan to get their money .
0	it is the third most populous city in the prefecture , after yokohama and kawasaki .
0	they are roughly cone-shaped and open at one end to release the seeds .
0	after the show , wwe was criticized for a malfunction in the pyrotechnics during the undertaker 's victory celebration .
0	tremelo is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
0	in 1973 ipswich won the texaco cup .
0	in 1896 he finally became chief organist at the église de la madeleine .
0	the democratic party is one of the oldest political parties in the world .
0	the architecture and food also show german influence .
0	she says that neo is waiting for something .
0	early life foucault was born in 1926 in poitiers , france .
0	volume 2 signing time !
0	under these laws over 60,000 people were sterilized in the united states between 1907 and the 1970s .
0	decapitation can also describe the removal of a head from a body that is already dead .
0	both albums achieved great success – each album sold over 1,000,000 copies in mainland china .
0	it is played on the piano and is closely related to the jump blues , ragtime and piano blues .
0	early writers assumed the female sang ; in fact , it is the male .
0	numbers were first added to uniforms by the cleveland indians in 1916 .
0	the last western satrap , rudrasimha iii , is beaten by the guptas .
0	silt is soil or rock that developed from granular material of a specific grain size .
0	that row was called the `` big bet '' row .
0	the bat is used in fiction by both villains like dracula and heroes like batman .
0	after he won the battle , achaius established the order of the thistle .
0	he won the silver again at nationals .
0	the disease can last 1-5 days .
0	dylan and cole sprouse were born in arezzo .
0	the average human has more hair follicles , where hair grows from , than most chimpanzees .
0	their son was tupac inca yupanqui .
0	in addition , there are several conditions related to the theft , stolen items , and circumstances .
0	its capital is tegucigalpa .
0	it lies between iran and the arabian peninsula .
0	murray was still fighting on the western front when peace started 11 november 1918 .
0	investiture controversy in the higher ranks of the german clergy gregory had many enemies .
0	wooden ceilings were usually brightly coloured .
0	the chengdu airport was shut down .
0	kurt cobain , lead singer of nirvana , is found dead in seattle , washington .
0	the caulfield campus of monash university and caulfield racecourse are close to the station .
0	the highlight of the tour was touring with red hot chili peppers and foo fighters .
0	it was founded and run by hugh hefner in 1953 .
0	pak won admission to daegu teacher 's college through a competitive examination .
0	prussia , imperial russia and habsburg monarchy divided the lands of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth among themselves .
0	his great-grandson would become emperor jimmu .
0	it has the second largest stadium in the world .
0	it is probably the most famous painting in the world .
0	xxiv olympic winter games is a sporting event that the international olympic committee has yet to organize .
0	today , the ruins are in honduras , near the border to guatemala .
0	soilwork is a death metal band from helsingborg , sweden .
0	the brighter star is the primary and the fainter star is the secondary .
0	the capital is santander .
0	an atom 's atomic number is equal to the number of protons in that atom .
0	prunes are dried plums .
0	french control of the area ended in 1763 after the french and indian war .
0	david fleay at the healesville sanctuary in victoria had the first successful zoo raised platypus in 1946 .
0	history vaihingen is an old city , going back as far as the year 799 a.d..
0	in this story , a character named `` moneke '' is the son of `` martin the ape '' .
0	the pandya power continued to grow under srimara and encroached further into the pallava territories .
0	the oesophagus is lined with muscle .
0	approval voting is a voting system used for elections .
0	the movie was played at the sundance film festival in the united states .
0	the meaning of darwinism has changed over time , and depends on who is using the term .
0	abbasid rule was ended in 1258 , when hulagu khan , the mongol conqueror , sacked baghdad .
0	autolycus also taught arcesilaus .
0	says to hercules he will now have hercules ' strength .
0	hand planes are ancient , originating thousands of years ago .
0	we received ours for entertaining other people .
0	they stayed married until bogart died in 1957 .
0	the record company spinefarm got interested in the band and then their first album midnattens widunder was recorded .
0	some christian denominations prefer to call them ordinances .
0	dominguez first read comics at the age of six .
0	some studies suggest that elephants and gorillas may do this , too .
0	she stayed there until she was 100 , when she moved in to live with one of her sons .
0	it is therefore not necessary to obey the pope to be saved .
0	the pass has a view of the southeast face of kanchenjunga , the third highest mountain in the world .
0	at the age of 17 , he became the youngest ever winner at wimbledon in 1985 .
0	this is a list of episodes for the american television series , buffy the vampire slayer .
0	he died of throat cancer in princeton , new jersey , united states .
0	he has also made and been in horror movies .
0	team wcw/ecw won the match due to stone cold 's actions .
0	the fruit are soft and juicy .
0	in the last decade , many desalization plants have begun using membrane processes .
0	he also worked in the administration of the cathedral .
0	references kurt raaflaub , ed .
0	dr. schön returns , sees the acrobat , and begins a long argument with lulu .
0	it is the thirteenth book in the redwall series .
0	apple bought a townhouse at 3 savile row in london , and it became apple 's headquarters .
0	here , hannibal forced the romans to get out of the plain of lombardy .
0	the name of the district was changed to neunkirchen as well .
0	its headquarters are in brussels , belgium .
0	stefanie was in egypt to shoot a pv for her new album .
0	lennon 's relationship with yoko ono also caused problems between lennon and shotton .
0	in spite of the small population size , the animals do not appear to suffer genetic problems .
0	the three boys remind him about his magic bells .
0	teachers ole nydahl ’ s first teacher was the drukpa-kagyu master lopon tsechu rinpoche .
0	it is ranked 27th highest in the world and 12th highest in pakistan .
0	the first recorded use of coral as a color name in english was in 1513 .
0	however , the austro-hungarian empire had been an ally of germany in the first world war .
0	young was voted into the baseball hall of fame in 1939 .
0	hlai is one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the prc government .
0	there were hundreds of thousands of casualties .
0	denkova 's younger sister ina demireva is also an ice dancer .
0	the second was to brian joubert at the 2004 european championships .
0	portugal produces 50 % of cork worldwide .
0	baader and others then spent some time in a palestinian military training camp in jordan before being thrown out .
0	later , she married enzo cilenti , in 2002 , and guillory wore her grandmother 's wedding gown .
0	in 2006 görlitz/zgorzelec was a candidate for european city of culture 2010 .
0	the famous opening sequence was created by saul bass .
0	the name the norse form of the name was probably `` arnardalr '' .
0	scientists began to check the volcano for an eruption .
0	the winter olympics will be held in vancouver in 2010 .
0	he was burnt at the stake as a heretic by the roman inquisition .
0	it was a division of the beatles 's company apple corps .
0	the movie was released in north america on 12 october in 2007 .
0	prefix notation is also known as polish notation .
0	healesville raised another in 1998 and again in 2000 .
0	beerangali union council the two main tribes are the karlal or 'kiraal ' and the quraishi .
0	male pronghorns also have black markings on the neck and face .
0	he was buried in the church of san benito , in the city of alcántara , extremadura , spain .
0	alpine tundra changes to subalpine forests below the tree line .
0	the leaves are dark glossy green , and the flowers pure white , similar to citrus flowers .
0	nedward `` ned '' flanders is a character in the animated television series the simpsons .
0	the county seat is raleigh , which is also the state capital .
0	it is mostly found near hills .
0	the bloody baron is the house ghost .
0	katrina later became a category 5 hurricane and made landfall in louisiana , where it caused very bad damage .
0	a double barline without dots shows the end of a piece of music .
0	there he involved himself with iraqi shi'ites and developed a strong , worldwide religious and political following .
0	history the district was part of the holy roman empire .
0	istanbul describes the modern city .
0	hermes did this by killing argus after he had been lulled to sleep .
0	chun himself did not die because he got there two minutes late .
0	most of the money earned comes from shoe making .
0	up until now the statesmen–through unbelievable shortsightedness–have neglected or failed their duty .
0	it lies on a peninsula between the gulf of aden and the gulf of tadjoura .
0	history the name `` organic '' is a historical name from the 19th century .
0	the mekong river forms a large part of the western boundary with thailand .
0	he died in august 882 at saint denis after falling from his horse .
0	the victoria hall disaster is still the worst of its kind in britain .
0	alabama is a state in the united states .
0	one is called `` they that go down to the sea in ships '' .
0	petrology is the scientific study of rocks .
0	more than 250 churches have been created or repaired , and more than 100 clergy being ordained .
0	until the early 19th century people often believed in spontaneous generation of life from non-living matter .
0	the current president is bashar al-assad .
0	the tail has a black tip all year round .
0	the cumshots is a heavy metal band from norway .
0	history the first people to live in the cranbourne area were the boonwurrung aborigines .
0	it is part of the pirkanmaa region .
0	the metallic element vanadium was named after her .
0	the sorority was founded on january 15 , 1908 , at howard university .
0	it is made of metal or glass .
0	in 1947 , gucci made the bamboo-handle handbag , which is still used .
0	the house in england was founded in the 1860s in cowley , england .
0	nero was adopted by his grand-uncle claudius .
0	the assembly continued to work on a constitution and make changes .
0	also , water vapor gets into the atmosphere through these pores in a process called transpiration .
0	when trying to help her , jude is also arrested .
0	superstar selections televised draft pick # !
0	cuisine the food of florence is based more on peasant eating rather than expensive cooking .
0	palmyra atoll is an island in the north pacific ocean .
0	it is also the third spanish country of the world after mexico and spain .
0	it was also the winner of the academy award for best picture .
0	he is catholic and was adopted as an infant .
0	edward ii becomes king of england .
0	gandhinagar is the capital of gujarat .
0	he came up with the idea that any pre-school age child could begin to play the violin .
0	the waiter hands him the bill .
0	they asked jeff blue , now vice-president of warner bros .
0	germany and the holy roman empire in germany the towers and spires are often enormously large .
0	hercules tells him he will find a cure for his wound .
0	cabell 's great-grandfather , william h. cabell , was governor of virginia from 1805 to 1808 .
0	the channel also broadcasts reports from the european parliament .
0	this is called a dry orgasm .
0	men are born and remain free and equal in rights .
0	because the mold spores are in the air a lot , the mold can grown very quickly .
0	prana is in all living forms , but is not itself the soul .
0	he was honored with the prestigious padma bhushan , india 's third highest civilian honour , in 1959 .
0	antony and cleopatra is a play by shakespeare .
0	keihan shijo station is beyond the kamo river .
0	he found many asteroids , such as the notable trojan asteroids 617 patroclus and 624 hektor .
0	the next year she won the gold medal over mao asada of japan .
0	this pushed the sales of a small instruction book he had written about military scouting , aids to scouting .
0	the operating system can use any file system .
0	the jem is also a member of the eastern front , a rebel coalition .
0	the united states capitol is the building where the united states congress meets .
0	that is the smallest number in the history of the cup .
0	after the marriage she was given the name lakshmi bai .
0	at the beginning of the 13th century , trevi made itself independent and became a free commune .
0	it first admitted women in 1952 .
0	game boy advance video is a format of cartridges for the gameboy advance .
0	alba was then maya in the television series flipper .
0	kuala lumpur declared a federal territory .
0	crusher was the chief medical officer on the starships uss enterprise-d and uss enterprise-e .
0	it is based on schindler 's ark , a 1982 book by thomas keneally .
0	his non-fiction writings include the 1992 book the world is my home and sports in america .
0	andrew lloyd webber used most of the poems in his musical cats .
0	it was the last natural element to be discovered .
0	it is currently run by daniel battsek .
0	u.s. republicans hostile to the plan had also gained seats in the 1950 congressional elections .
0	vogorno is a municipality of the district locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	mnm won the match against mysterio and eddie guerrero , giving them their first wwe tag team title reign .
0	he discovered the bogan river and in 1829 , the darling , which he named after the governor .
0	the moon is named after the leading sylph in alexander pope 's poem rape of the lock .
0	events february 21 - athanasius returns to alexandria .
0	he was the republican leader of the senate from 1985 until 1996 .
0	the name of the oppidum was julia libica .
0	she moved to paris , france and earned french citizenship .
0	a well-known example is the beginning of the second tableau of igor stravinsky 's ballet , petrushka .
0	also romantic and well-tempered but not expected to be as clever as her sisters when she grows older .
0	need for speed : carbon is an electronic arts videogame that belongs to the need for speed series .
0	definitions and notations the horizontal lines in a matrix are called rows and the vertical lines are called columns .
0	the boom was part of the sydney harbour defences which also included artillery batteries and patrol boats .
0	it was re-released in the usa , canada , and the uk on march 29 , 1996 .
0	the original family name was spelt `` greig '' .
0	billy kidman then entered the match , pinning and eliminating noble .
0	students in examinations all form 1 new students are band 1 students .
0	barcelona is on the mediterranean coast .
0	then , hitler shot himself in the head .
0	bismarck is the capital city of the u.s. state of north dakota .
0	the operational record of ohkas used in action includes three ships sunk and three other ships with great damage .
0	the administrators of the northern territory and of norfolk island are chosen by the governor-general .
0	gardening is done just to produce fruit or vegetables for the gardener 's own family .
0	his mother came from a wealthy family in lincolnshire .
0	in 1137 , the city was captured by german soldiers under the control of duke henry x of bavaria .
0	a year later , he was made the minister of commerce and industry .
0	most of their functions were taken over by the individual boroughs .
0	sheffield f.c . is the oldest football club in the world .
0	sullivan taught helen keller sign language .
0	the ban was lifted by prime minister john major on 17 september , 1994 .
0	repartee is the wit of the quick answer .
0	many species have established themselves on remote islands , such as kerguelen or hawaii .
0	this meeting happens on the 7th day of the 7th lunar month .
0	it was made by franta belsky .
0	in england , some kinds of powdered drinks are as thick as pure chocolate kinds .
0	the 1926 thirteenth edition of the encyclopedia britannica included an article by einstein titled `` space-time '' .
0	along with hockey , dandurand and his partners were heavily involved with horse racing .
0	secondary 3 and 4 students can wear long pants or short pants if they want .
0	the shape of the crystals changes the type of halo seen .
0	the delaware river is a large river estuary in the northeast united states .
0	count john ii recovers the counties .
0	the club plays in the english premier league .
0	in turn , she was the first person to use the robot arm in space .
0	while in the spl , however , the club were placed in administration after mileson withdrew his financial support .
0	the west border was moved to the oder-neisse line .
0	it is one of the longest-running television programs in american television .
0	it is backwards compatibility to the slower rates and 6-pin connectors of firewire 400 .
0	meat is animal tissue used as food .
0	the site of kerma includes both an extensive town and a cemetery consisting of large tumuli .
0	it is the capital of the french region centre .
0	they are common in asia , south america , australia , and africa .
0	indigenous australian bushranger musquito led attacks on settlers .
0	before running for president , he came from new hampshire and had served in the house of representatives .
0	students have good results in public examinations .
0	it is also called circassian .
0	it also must observe and warn about earthquakes , typhoons , tsunamis and volcanic eruptions .
0	bahía blanca is a city of the buenos aires province , argentina .
0	to the north and the west of jura lies france .
0	its name comes from the roman god saturn .
0	king ferdinand and queen isabella were the rulers of spain at the time .
0	the todd river was named after sir charles .
0	star trek ii : the wrath of khan is the second star trek movie .
0	in current days , it is used for the university or college a person went to .
0	it joined with bavaria by popular vote in 1920 .
0	critics claim that using nuclear power can be a dangerous source of energy .
0	it was a bare knuckle boxing match that lasted for 20 rounds .
0	anastasia and her family were made passion bearers by the russian orthodox church in 2000 .
0	he was put into the baseball hall of fame in 1982 .
0	they are in countries like : the united states of america , jamaica and the united kingdom .
0	wags the dog is a tall , brown , furry dog with floppy ears and a happy face .
0	geography bloemfontein is located in central south africa .
0	in computer science , an interpreter is a computer program that performs commands written in a computer programming language .
0	in 1787 , the university was placed under a private board of trustees .
0	it consists of one carbon atom covalently bonded to one oxygen atom .
0	the film is clipped or taped to a spool and exits via a velvet-covered slot .
0	it was some years before the composer 's and librettist 's original wishes were carried out .
0	early chansons the first important composer of chansons was the medieval composer guillaume de machaut .
0	to help his side to win , schuschnigg set the minimum voting age at 24 .
0	in 1948 aker was transferred to the county of oslo .
0	he is the shadow defence minister .
0	seventy years later , the persian king cyrus allowed them to return to jerusalem and to rebuild the temple .
0	from the 16th to 19th centuries , hot chocolate was used as a medicine and a drink .
0	in july 1515 , willaert worked for the cardinal ippolito i d'este of ferrara .
0	it was released on the playstation 3 and xbox 360 on february 5 2008 .
0	the video was recorded and produced by m industries .
0	the town of takht-e-nasrati is the headquarters of the tehsil .
0	ögedei was thought to be his father 's favorite son , ever since his childhood .
0	other people regard crowley 's system to be only one form of thelema .
0	some of spurgeon 's sermon notes are at samford university in birmingham , alabama .
0	surrey 's largest town is guildford .
0	the guitarist mikael karlbom replaced raimoranta .
0	it earned her a grammy award for best new artist in 2000 .
0	it has rich history , dating back to the 8th century bc .
0	similar to the tail , the claw in apes is not needed .
0	jurowski studied at the moscow conservatory .
0	in 1860 , north carolina was a slave state .
0	the third movie , the voyage of the dawn treader , is to be released in 2010 .
0	in 1997 he had to leave his home , after it was flooded by the water of the dam .
0	history pretty hate machine was nine inch nails ' first album .
0	they end with a blunt tip .
0	in germany , punch is called `` kasper '' and judy is `` grete '' .
0	bacteriophages are usually between 20 and 200 nanometers in size .
0	his books were banned in the united states .
0	she had two older brothers named robert and william , jr .
0	the award was given to the best pitcher in the major leagues .
0	the game was first released in 2002 .
0	this was after the american civil war .
0	it was created in 1663 in france when louis xiv was reigning .
0	the starting point for general relativity is the equivalence principle , which equates free fall with inertial motion .
0	tea whisks are made from bamboo .
0	in january 1971 , she decided she no longer wanted to live a life of crime .
0	he now leads his own company , sora .
0	yeast was not a part of beer until louis pasteur discovered what it did during fermentation .
0	marth returned to super smash bros .
0	it is one of the oldest cities in hungary .
0	madison died on june 28 , 1836 .
0	the weinsteins worked with lewis to combine the two movies into one movie .
0	the series is a western set in the 1870s in deadwood , south dakota .
0	many cheap handles are made of unfinished wood ; better quality handles are of finished wood .
0	kumarajiva arrives in changan .
0	it was sold to yahoo !
0	according to the u.s census estimates of 2005 , the city had a population of 12,435 .
0	in 1999 the jubilee line was built longer to stratford .
0	the club played its first game , against fc viktoria on the following 17 june .
0	hurricane kathleen caused death and destruction in california and arizona because of flooding .
0	the athletics are a member of the western division of the american league .
0	it sold 218,805 copies in the first week of release .
0	some of these countries were malaya , south africa , fiji , mauritius and the caribbean .
0	it was a life-sized mechanical lion that could walk .
0	camera lenses with a shorter focal length are called wide-angle lenses , those with a longer one telephoto lenses .
0	the coat of arms of iraqi kurdistan is an eagle holding a sun on its wings .
0	in utero was the third album by the american grunge band nirvana .
0	as of 2006 , the trondheim region , a statistical metropolitan area , has a population of 246,751 .
0	it has many buddhist and hindu temples and palaces .
0	the fbi believes he did not survive the jump .
0	bismarck wanted the liberals and the conservatives to lose .
0	in the shadow of the moons : my life in the reverend sun myung moon 's family .
0	the first recorded use of purple as a color name in english was in 975 .
0	the balearic islands are an autonomous community of spain , formed by the balearic islands province .
0	stamp duty was removed from newspapers in britain creating mass market media in the uk .
0	a screenplay or script is the written instruction about what happens in a movie or television program .
0	prague is on the list of world heritage sites .
0	pakpattan district is a district in the punjab province of pakistan .
0	he is in the book of one thousand and one nights .
0	heinrich was very interested in history and was encouraged by his father to read history books .
0	the main river in prahova county is the prahova river .
0	the band was formed in 1988 .
0	he knows it is a trap , but also knows that she must be in danger .
0	during the battle of trafalgar , his greatest victory , he was killed .
0	database entry includes a brief justification of why this species is of least concern 3 .
0	at london , the water is slightly salty with sea salt .
0	as of the 2000 census , the population was 5,044 .
0	they were used very frequently in world war ii .
0	it had grown in importance because of threats to the coastal cities paphos and salamis .
0	it is a popular vacation spot on the north sea .
0	the queen 's hall was a concert hall in central london , england .
0	a few weeks later he tried to cut the lock out of his door .
0	the town of irmo does not have an actual downtown area .
0	a 1775 invasion by the american continental army was stopped at quebec city .
0	about 20 % of new cases are resistant to drugs .
0	the toyota hi-lux is a compact pickup truck sold by toyota .
0	double-check information with other sources .
0	in 1936 , lorenz met his great friend and colleague niko tinbergen .
0	counting can be done on fingers .
0	it is made up of different tissues .
0	the llama was very important for the incan people .
0	in 1966 , he recorded a song called `` the ballad of the green berets '' .
0	allen also owns two sports teams , the seattle seahawks and the portland trail blazers .
0	then he studied laws in göttingen .
0	bronllys is a village in the powys region of wales .
0	when the fascist regime collapsed in 1943 reprisals against italian fascists took place .
0	it investigates and punishes people for genocide , crimes against humanity , and war crimes .
0	those movies were sabrina , the nun 's story , wait until dark , and breakfast at tiffany 's .
0	history it was originally named verlamion by the ancient british , catuvellauni tribe .
0	in the story atticus defends a black man who has been accused of raping a white woman .
0	career dahlström gained international attention in 1998 , after starring as `` elin '' in the movie fucking åmål .
0	the quality education fund in chinese chinese the chinese language teachers write their own teaching units for the students .
0	air dolomiti is a regional airline from in verona in italy .
0	they are 8 to 15 mm long .
0	grass was awarded the nobel prize in 1999 .
0	named to play in the nhl all-star game in 1971 , 1972 and 1973 .
0	they produced maps based upon their own needs .
0	they use obscene language ; they kiss each other online .
0	the people in june 2004 , 38,749 people lived in the region .
0	when home video came along , yellow submarine was released on videotape , and copies sold well .
0	a change to this law was considered until princess kiko gave birth to a son .
0	it is named after enrico fermi .
0	mount latmus near miletus .
0	events malcolm ii succeeds kenneth iii as king of scotland .
0	theism is the religious belief in at least one god .
0	jayavarman viii of the khmer empire in cambodia abdicates .
0	minor threat was hardcore punk band from washington dc from the 1980s .
0	charles john amadeus of savoy becomes duke of savoy at age 1 , mother blanche of montferrato is regent .
0	in return the police shot rubber bullets at the group of palestinians .
0	one of his sons ali qazi is today an active member in the kurdish movement .
0	the game features a full 3d graphics engine .
0	as of july 2007 , grameen bank has loaned us $ 6.38 billion to 7.4 million people .
0	other pages laryngitis references speech and hearing science : anatomy and physiology 3rd edition .
0	limpets are marine gastropod molluscs in the order patellogastropoda .
0	they are in almost every episode in the pokémon anime .
0	it is a trojan , sharing an orbit with jupiter .
0	aschenbach is alone again , and buys some strawberries .
0	this chant was probably named after pope gregory the great .
0	after he was prime minister he became a judge of the high court .
0	by the 1940s all the mines had closed .
0	the system used ibm punch cards to descramble the signal .
0	in 2001 he was voted player of the century .
0	episcopus romanus which means bishop of rome .
0	flocks a group of sheep is called a flock .
0	however , when they get there , they find that the boyfriend died a few years ago .
0	story final fantasy xii takes place in dalmasca .
0	a newton metre is dimensionally equivalent to a joule .
0	george psalmanazar arrives in london .
0	as she leaves , idomeneo realizes that sending idamante into exile has made ilia unhappy .
0	he graduated in 1975 with a bachelor of arts degree in psychology .
0	events start of the golden age of the netherlands .
0	it is part of a group of languages called the semitic languages .
0	there are different versions of the bible .
0	the contributions of all editors are seen with their names on the page history .
0	the newfoundland labrador weather office also issued warnings for heavy rain .
0	the `` green eye '' is a new addition .
0	he was elected to parliament from the riding of lasalle-émard in montreal , quebec in 1988 .
0	both types of causes , can be spoken as potential or as actual , particular or generic .
0	clawed lobsters often possess unequal , specialized claws , like the king crab .
0	her name was nadezhda von meck .
0	he also passed the alien and sedition acts .
0	the instrument was a favourite of the scholars , so many artists played it .
0	she has won two academy awards for her acting .
0	during 2004 , a golani battalion reinforced the givati brigade in the gaza strip .
0	personal life in 1967 merckx married claudine acou .
0	tux is also an abbreviation of tuxedo .
0	fifteen species of seagrass attract the dugongs and turtles .
0	the group plans to make its own passports and driving licenses .
0	on august 31 , a large tropical wave moved off the west coast of africa .
0	new hampshire is also famous for being the first state to vote in the presidential primaries .
0	it is perhaps most distinguished as an ingredient in the key lime pie .
0	retraction requires the contraction of two internal muscles .
0	events expulsion of the carib indigenous people from martinique by french occupying forces .
0	battlestar galactica is a science fiction franchise .
0	siddig is the nephew of english actor malcolm mcdowell and of former sudanese prime minister sadiq al-mahdi .
0	rechargeable batteries are recharged by reversing the chemical reaction that occurs within the battery .
0	birrwil is a municipality of the district kulm in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
0	apollo justice : ace attorney is an adventure game made by capcom for the nintendo ds handheld .
0	it has its source in the rothaargebirge .
0	martin 2000 , loc=§10.1 } } members of the group learned mystical and secret knowledge .
0	hurricane rick hurricane rick was the first november formation since the 1991 season .
0	he fell in love with one of his pupils .
0	forty-five is a number .
0	there are eight planets in the solar system .
0	the lord of the rings is a book written by j. r. r. tolkien .
0	the vocalist of the group is fujiwara motoo .
0	gretzky also won the hart trophy as the nhl 's most valuable player on the kings in 1989 .
0	most of them are run by universities .
0	it grew slowly as a trading post and a minor administrative centre .
0	higher organisms then feed on the fungi and bacteria in a chain of life .
0	the movie is 11 minutes long .
0	the male is a red colour and females are grey .
0	birth anne was the daughter of francis ii of brittany and margaret of foix .
0	peter 's grave was marked , by a red rock , the symbol of his name .
0	a branch of the grand union canal connects to the river nene in northampton .
0	he was married to eleanor of provence .
0	a herbicide is a poison that kills plants .
0	lawrence of arabia won seven academy awards , one of them for best picture .
0	she has superhuman speed , reflexes , and agility .
0	lists are recycled every four years .
0	when something is simple , it is very easy to understand or do .
0	his most famous book was the call of the wild .
0	the egg nourishes and protects the embryo .
0	yerevan , armenian ssr , vol .
0	it is used in rat poisons and insecticides .
0	muzafarabad district of pakistan is located on the banks of the jhelum and the neelum rivers .
0	other names it has been called are the great war and the war to end all wars .
0	in 2005 she won best supporting actress for playing katharine hepburn in martin scorsese 's the aviator .
0	he was nominated by president gerald ford in 1975 .
0	the report deals with sustainable development and the change of politics needed for achieving that .
0	holger meins 1974 hunger strike .
0	his first big part was as grigori rasputin in the 1971 movie , nicholas and alexandra .
0	this battle is famous for the destruction of the french cavalry by english longbowmen .
0	the nationals are a member of the eastern division of the national league .
0	a wedding is done by a priest or a civil celebrant .
0	brom also teaches eragon magic .
0	it has been dated to the barremian period of early cretaceous period , around 125 million years ago .
0	his time as pope is one of the shortest in history .
0	the vessel was originally named the lindblad explorer in honor of lars-eric lindblad .
0	they are commonly referred to as the mackerel sharks .
0	blood cells are made in the bone marrow .
0	cyclone rotate clockwise in the southern hemisphere and anticlockwise in the northern hemisphere .
0	it shares a water border with new york .
0	fingers and thumbs are types of digits .
0	nascar also has many offices in charlotte and in the towns around charlotte .
0	the most well known natural feature near chattanooga is the tennessee river and the surrounding highlands .
0	this glass absorbs infrared .
0	he has also won the four continents figure skating championships twice .
0	a man called mr. tartar meets neville and he wants to share his garden with him .
0	most of the area of the district was previously part of the old principality of waldeck .
0	one of them is that chromatic aberration is still quite high .
0	most often , this infection is caused by microorganisms , like viruses , bacteria , fungi or parasites .
0	an inhabitant of new south wales is referred to as a new south welshman .
0	charles vi of france reaches maturity , ending the regency of his uncle , philip the bold .
0	this song was not on intimacy .
0	another god tied a magic rope across the entrance .
0	life and work early years kurt weill grew up in a religious jewish family .
0	they are all from the democratic republic of the congo .
0	she has also been a judge on the talent shows the x factor and america 's got talent .
0	she lies buried beside her husband in the courtyard of harry s truman library .
0	in total , 391 dams , were damaged by the quake .
0	his exit was friendly .
0	in south america they can be found well into the temperate north of argentina .
0	he also gives artwork , production and mixing for both groups .
0	in most cases both must agree .
0	the first story of the childes tomb is published .
0	tamino plays his flute .
0	history in 1886 , bdd was first written about by the researcher 'morselli ' , who named it dysmorphophobia .
0	mike also formed a new band called fort minor .
0	france and england fought hundred years war .
0	common events include movies , sporting events , and pornographic movies .
0	the popular british new romantic band , spandau ballet takes its name from spandau .
0	when thou hadst overcome the sharpness of death , thou didst open the kingdom of heaven to all believers .
0	it has been called spectacular .
0	testicular cancer has one of the highest cure rates of all cancers ; more than 90 % .
0	the district is mostly between the elbe river and the city of schwerin .
0	azuli records is an independent record label , focusing on house music and other forms of electronic dance music .
0	he put a bottle of the chemical under his nose and breathed it in for a minute .
0	fangames are computer games created by fans based on popular video games .
0	it was filmed in the united states .
0	the first day on the somme was the bloodiest day in british military history .
0	the plant grows naturally in japan .
0	cassandra `` cassie '' ainsworth is a fictional character on the british television series skins .
0	affligem is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
0	it was first performed on 17 august 1876 as part of the complete ring cycle .
0	originally based on mandrake 9.2 .
0	in 2007 , the first bud appeared on 2 march .
0	other early forms include `` chipmuck '' and `` chipminck '' .
0	the religion originated in the city of salvador , the capital of bahia .
0	the isra and mi'raj are two parts of a story that muslims tell about muhammad .
0	the game includes features of role-playing and economic games .
0	a hull is the body of a ship or boat .
0	bolivia is named after simón bolívar .
0	footnotes and references all links retrieved and checked as of november , 2006 or after .
0	some clinics can become as large as hospitals , but still have the name clinic .
0	many newly freed slaves settled there before the creation of sierra leone as a colony for freed slaves .
0	traditional faroese food is mainly based on meat and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables .
0	the movie takes place in the universe of the cancelled fox science fiction television series firefly .
0	administration the district of kotli used to be a sub-division of mirpur district until 1975 .
0	during the second punic war , carthage invaded italy with an army led by hannibal .
0	fails to kill austin when she falls for him .
0	gentianales are an order of flowering plants .
0	camellia species are used as food plants by the larvae of a number of butterflies species .
0	the lakeland ledgercity website schools the city has many schools in the area , including haines city high school .
0	in some places they are called spring of nations or the year of revolution .
0	they test thing such as strategy , logic , and problem solving .
0	dried flowers such as chrysanthemum , rose , jasmine are used to make tea .
0	they also thought that homer had exaggerated the events , to better fit the needs of poetry .
0	ripuarian dialects are usually bound to a village or a municipality .
0	he got into the usaf experimental flight test pilot school at edwards air force base in 1960 .
0	they played a ball game called batey .
0	he was one of the most important composer of madrigals in the 16th century .
0	history theatre traditional theatre was separated from its earliest days into comedy and tragedy .
0	their fur has black and white stripes .
0	he took the name basil when he made his final promise to be a monk 1945 .
0	he then did minor acting roles before being praised for his role of sam in life as a house .
0	it is the most important world energy source .
0	shche nam , brattia ukrayintsi , usmikhnet'sia dolia .
0	valdemar i became king of all denmark and restored and rebuild the country .
0	estuarine marshes often are based on soils consisting of sandy bottoms or bay muds .
0	foxe married agnes randall on february 3 , 1547 .
0	benoit left japan to wrestle in germany and mexico .
0	it was one of the second wave of groups to come from the elephant 6 recording company .
0	gniezno is a cradle of the polish state and until 1038 was capital of poland .
0	the romanesque style in england is called norman architecture .
0	it is also an official language of india .
0	nupedia was a free online english-language encyclopedia project .
0	jurassic park is a 1991 book by michael crichton .
0	they can cause inconvenience to the user may make their computer crash or freeze .
0	it was based on ron hansen 's 1983 novel of the same name .
0	scipio retreated across the river trebia .
0	the acorns are 2-3 cm long .
0	she was first elected in the 1992 general election .
0	on 4 february 2003 the official name of the country was changed to serbia and montenegro .
0	tamamo-no-mae 's body mysteriously always smelled wonderful , and her clothes never became dirty .
0	peyton is the older brother of new york giants quarterback eli manning .
0	zalmoxes was a dinosaur from the early cretaceous .
0	other websites visual studio .
0	they include birth certificates , marriage licenses , and death certificates .
0	adults feed almost only on fish , although some individuals have been known to eat dead animals .
0	sticky hound puppy - instrumental composed by joel mcneely .
0	the continent of antarctica is a land mass that is most of the area within the antarctic circle .
0	in spanish alma means spirit or soul .
0	colima is the capital city of the mexican state colima .
0	the port has up to date facilities for handling and storing cargo .
0	early political career roosevelt was the assistant secretary of the navy under woodrow wilson .
0	compensation and measurement wage is a basic compensation for labour .
0	it is also known as jhangi syedan to the local population .
0	the radula is usually adapted to the food that a species eats .
0	the current secretary-general is ban ki-moon .
0	the northern border is a line 43 degrees , 30 minutes north latitude .
0	goya became friends with crown prince don luis , and lived in his house .
0	he also worked on itv during the 2002 world cup and the 2004 european championship .
0	bradford is a major city in west yorkshire , england .
0	on april 26 , 2006 , he and mckinnon had their first child : jack william boyd .
0	ravel tried five times to win it .
0	when he was only 16 he was given a benefice as chaplain near cambrai .
0	the electrolysist slides a thin metal probe into each hair follicle .
0	included in the diary are more than 500 newspaper clippings .
0	king fahd helped iraq during the iran-iraq war .
0	it is based in the renaissance center in detroit , michigan .
0	since 1969 , however , the holiday has been on the third monday in april .
0	by 2006 , 20 % of psni policemen were roman catholic .
0	spurgeon 's college is a theological institute in london .
0	he also worked for free for the queensland government 's east coast crocodile management program .
0	during the zhou dynasty , the origins of matured chinese philosophy developed .
0	about 25 % of the working people are employed in agriculture .
0	the side opposite the right angle is the hypotenuse .
0	hovell made a mistake of 1 degree in working out the longitude .
0	the reign of elizabeth returned a sort of order to england in 1558 .
0	but by whig historians he was seen as an irresponsible adventurer .
0	early stations were usually built to handle passengers and goods .
0	at the same time , a new kind of scholarship arose .
0	the children 's fantasy harry potter series is written by j. k. rowling .
0	this feeling is quickly replaced with increasing confusion , hallucinations and eventually total psychosis .
0	international relations , is a branch of political science .
0	it was designed by the greek architects satyrus and pythius .
0	serfdom developed in eastern europe after the black death epidemics .
0	in switzerland each canton is free to decide its own internal organisation .
0	she won the 2004 french open mixed-doubles event with richard gasquet .
0	sometime before 1521 he moved to venice , where he probably spent the rest of his life .
0	in this same year , green day went with iggy pop on two tracks for his album skull ring .
0	grameen bank is the only business to have won a nobel prize .
0	when the ampoule is broken , ammonia and hydrogen sulfide gases are released from the solution .
0	july 31 - first engagement between the english and spanish fleets off plymouth .
0	they are 2.33 % of the population of the united kingdom .
0	however , the number of known sites is much larger and more widely spread .
0	they were married on august 16 2008 .
0	the scone is a basic component of the cream tea .
0	students can know more about the political , social and economic issues in hong kong and around the world .
0	it was member of the western german government from 1949 to 1966 .
0	history creation matt groening first drew the simpson family in the lobby of james l. brooks ' office .
0	stollberg rural district is on the northwestern slope of the erzgebirge mountains .
0	john hancock , the famous signer of the united states declaration of independence , signed the articles of incorporation .
0	the draft took place on june 23 , 2008 .
0	it was the largest sporting event to be staged in melbourne , since the 1956 summer olympics .
0	napoleon is a character in the book animal farm .
0	he died in 1901 .
0	it includes all of the officially released software packages that are deemed most useful for their tasks .
0	hoppin , medieval music pp .
0	philip was originally a royal prince of greece and denmark .
0	ferrières is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	lago di palagnedra is found below the village .
0	in biology , natural selection is the process where organisms with favourable traits are more likely to reproduce .
0	the tomsk state university library book reserve is considered to be among the richest in russia .
0	the king of prussia becomes the first german emperor as wilhelm i of germany .
0	the couple did not get any children of their own .
0	catherine 's family was poor so they sent catherine to live with her step-grandmother , agnes tilney .
0	in many cases , there is a specialization of sex .
0	you are the true north , strong and free .
0	back in her room tatyana tells her nurse that she is in love .
0	the werra has its source near fehrenbach in thuringia .
0	prince arthur died on april 2 , 1502 , leaving catherine a widow .
0	duck hunt was one of the two first pack-in games for the nes .
0	the couple had two children , tom and laura , both of whom are now married themselves .
0	the mozilla foundation is based in mountain view , california , usa .
0	these meat pies contain beef and gravy in a shortcrust piecase , often with a flaky top .
0	the spectrum with green in the middle arises only where the blue-violet edges overlap the yellow-red edges .
0	bautzen i is still used as a prison , and bautzen ii has been a memorial since 1993 .
0	this close relationship with humans made the arabian a horse with a kind temper and quick to learn .
0	several thousand teachers teach students of different ages , from elementary to postgraduate .
0	the angle between the fault plane and an imaginary horizontal plane is called the dip angle of the fault .
0	the capital is potenza .
0	brown and r. tanner , history of the scottish parliament , i , 'introduction ' .
0	on april 28 , 2006 , wikihow was launched on its own www.wikihow.com domain .
0	the laws legalizing abortion were twice declared unconstitutional by the constitutional court .
0	it weakened slightly before peaking again .
0	they were so lifelike that cimabue asked bondone if he could take the boy as an apprentice .
0	kerala is known as `` god 's own country '' .
0	the winter olympics were held in cortina d'ampezzo , italy .
0	its capital is orléans .
0	events persian scientist , rhazes , distinguished smallpox from measles in the course of his writings .
0	the depression formed on august 13 from a tropical wave that entered the atlantic ocean on august 8 .
0	he was a wise man and he knew magic .
0	also , things get weird when maxwell starts dating a woman who 's exactly like fran !
0	qu ’ un sang impur abreuve nos sillons !
0	training the training mode lets the player play most of the puzzles without doing a brain age check .
0	there are different types of rowing .
0	his tomb was cut into a rock face near persepolis .
0	the seat of the cantonal government was found here instead of in laufenburg .
0	however , until 1935 , the supreme court met in the united states capitol .
0	the main towns of rutland are oakham and uppingham .
0	the 300-km cable can carry one broadcast channel and seven telephone channels .
0	the first recorded use of purple as a color name in english was in 975 .
0	the chum bucket is a restaurant that is across the street from the krusty krab .
0	he is a member of the southern baptist convention .
0	neapolitan pizza has gained the status of `` guaranteed traditional specialty '' in italy .
0	he is the ruler of mount olympus and is the god of the weather .
0	some linux-based livecd systems also use snapshots to simulate read-write access on a read-only compact disc .
0	in the 1930s , when beecham conducted at the royal opera house , the orchestra played for operas there .
0	some quakers in north america , south america , and africa have a different kind of meeting .
0	this forecast proved quite accurate , necessitating a bypass from the northwestern new territories to hong kong island .
0	he had long been closely associated with the ruling party in egypt .
0	after retiring from hockey dryden became an author and business man .
0	events english king edward iii creates three new gold coins , the florin .
0	andorra la vella is located in the south western part of andorra .
0	the broons is a comic strip in the scottish newspaper the sunday post .
0	after that he travelled to shiraz , and he met the báb .
0	personal life smith was born in red bank , new jersey to grace and donald smith .
0	the club was elected to the scottish football league at the third attempt in 2002 .
0	geography eritrea has borders with the countries of sudan , ethiopia , and djibouti .
0	sights the great bridge of tournon was one of the largest bridge arches in the world before 1600 .
0	a new station is being built on the piccadilly line for the new terminal 5 of heathrow airport .
0	streets of paris paved by order of philip augustus .
0	their fossils occur in beds of both freshwater and marine environments .
0	a used bookstore or second-hand bookshop sells and often buys used books .
0	the first recorded use of rose as a color name in english was in 1382 .
0	vyacheslav ivanov 's father was vsevolod ivanov , one of the most famous soviet writers .
0	star wars episode v : the empire strikes back was the second star wars movie made .
0	brown rats are often used as model organisms .
0	the plaster has been laid on the wall that day and is still damp .
0	he is the brother of actor dennis quaid .
0	the olympics airoldi wanted to participate in the 1896 summer olympics in athens , greece .
0	papua was annexed by indonesia under the controversial act of free choice in 1969 .
0	socialist party is the name of several different socialist political parties around the world .
0	when everyone has finished drinking tea , the host cleans everything and puts them away .
0	it is home to scotland 's oldest university , the university of st andrews .
0	gorton is split into two wards , gorton north and gorton south .
0	there are 12 different types of fermions .
0	his parents , nathra and rose nader , were lebanese immigrants .
0	la louvière is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	hi-5 can also be known as a pop music group for young children .
0	spencer-thomas combined this career with that of ordained anglican clergyman and charity fundraiser .
0	it was released in the united kingdom in 1996 , and in the united states in 1997 .
0	gregor , enola , helen and the others start to rebuild civilization on the island .
0	the nobel prize in chemistry is awarded by the royal swedish academy of sciences .
0	he converted to shia islam .
0	cold mountain is the namesake of a historical fiction novel set in the time of the american civil war .
0	events king gustav iii of sweden makes a new constitution in sweden , and gains total power .
0	he was set to work in the prison yard breaking up rocks into small stones .
0	this became independent from france on june 20 , 1960 .
0	it is the official language of goa , a state in india .
0	european union and nato .
0	physiology sometimes , release of nitric oxide relaxes muscles around the vagina , called sexual arousal .
0	but in both cases interpretations do not vary widely .
0	in zimbabwe , the inflation rate was 231,150,888.87 % in july 2008 .
0	marciano was the world heavyweight boxing champion from 1952 until 1956 .
0	he also learned to dance argentine tango .
0	after his assassination in 1961 , ciudad trujillo became again santo domingo .
0	the current archbishop is rowan williams .
0	the pharynx is a part of the gastrointestinal system .
0	so he became master of the east , while his brother-in-law , constantine , was master in the west .
0	companies such as sony , apple inc. , microsoft and the bbc use drm .
0	in march 2007 , a picture of her was used on the cover of playboy .
0	they are elected in their countries every five years by the citizens of the european union member countries .
0	a semiconductor has a conductivity that varies widely under different conditions .
0	citigroup center is a skyscraper in new york city , united states .
0	in statistics , a frequency distribution is a list of the values that a variable takes in a sample .
0	the three-issue mini-series serenity : those left behind was based on the firefly series .
0	they are more common in business and economics .
0	it was first performed at snape maltings near aldeburgh , england on june 16 , 1973 .
0	in 2006 , def leppard releases their album “ yeah ” .
0	the team started playing in the nba in 1998 as the charlotte hornets playing in charlotte , north carolina .
0	in 1921 the polish ministry of military affairs used crimson as the shade of red in publications .
0	zum letzten mal wird sturmalarm geblasen !
0	currently , it is the 8th-largest wikipedia by articles count .
0	after the fertilization of the eggs , the male will guard them for at least six months .
0	ten of the sixteen species have the word `` weasel '' in their common name .
0	style in bruegel 's later years he painted in a simpler style than the italian art in his time .
0	he was assassinated on may 20 , 2002 .
0	they can go without water for weeks .
0	seminal fluid has proteins , enzymes , fructose , mucus , vitamin c and flavins .
0	efficiency also involves avoiding injuries , short and long-term .
0	alexander lukashenko is the only person who has been president .
0	the black sea bass , centropristis striata , from the family serranidae .
0	hardy trained as an architect in dorchester before moving to london to get a job .
0	it was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the queen of drury lane .
0	the year 1990 was the year of the horse .
0	westlicher saalkreis beesenstedt bennstedt fienstedt kloschwitz lieskau salzmünde1 schochwitz zappendorf 11 .
0	it is now classed in the family gavialidae .
0	managers roy keane is the current manager of ipswich town .
0	sunderland was made a municipal borough of county durham in 1835 .
0	during her career , she won 4 grand slam singles titles and 6 grand slam doubles titles .
0	fagan plans to refile .
0	the southern border follows the northern border of missouri .
0	at this time , chocolate still was only the bitter drink made by the mayans .
0	he was the son of the late legendary martial arts film star bruce lee .
0	after that job , he started to work as a manager of a factory .
0	funk music influenced 1980s hip hop music .
0	shelton benjamin won against jimmy wang yang on the february 22 version of smackdown .
0	she died seven weeks later at the age of 101 .
0	sant'antonino is a municipality of the district bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	jewelry often uses gemstones and precious metals .
0	when the nile started its annual flood , the festival of anuket began .
0	villages had to be evacuated because of the flooding .
0	the american bison lives in north america , and the wisent lives in europe .
0	rowling also decided to make harry an orphan at a boarding school called hogwarts .
0	usually shorter area codes are used by larger cities , and longer area codes to smaller towns .
0	heinz married teresa simões-ferreira on february 5 , 1966 in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
0	j to tha lo !
0	the french speaking population makes up a two-thirds of the population .
0	at the 2006 winter olympics , weir was second after the short program .
0	life when adam was five years old , he and his family moved to malahide near dublin .
0	the many orchards in the canton are used for the making of cider .
0	interneurons connect neurons within the central nervous system .
0	the console is sold in two models .
0	the city was planned to be shaped like a puma .
0	it is bordered by russia , ukraine , poland , lithuania and latvia .
0	she has a sister named solange .
0	the head of government of each state is called the premier .
0	mrs. truman always traveled with her and shared the public platform with her husband .
0	gemeindepräsident , stadtpräsident , gemeindeammann , and stadtammann .
0	he had studied with pablo casals .
0	in the last 200 years , about 1.5 million people have been killed by tropical cyclones .
0	the equals sign is placed between the things stated to be exactly equal or the same .
0	shires were controlled by a royal official known as a `` shire reeve '' or sheriff .
0	the purpose was to create a university continuousness to universität straßburg that existed till the 1 .
0	the original was called kaiser wilhelm institute for physical chemistry and electrochemistry , and it was founded in 1911 .
0	he received a ph.d. in 1950 with a dissertation on non-cooperative games .
0	this combination of propellants is still used in torpedoes .
0	it was made before the renaissance .
0	their psychology seems to be very similar to human psychology .
0	flow is a japanese music band .
0	after her father , polonius , is killed by hamlet she goes mad .
0	ideas to extend it were stopped because of the cost of the korean war and rearmament .
0	anzère is a small village in the canton of valais , switzerland , north of sion .
0	there are elections every four years .
0	djibouti gained its independence on june 27 , 1977 .
0	each change to the gfdl has a new version number .
0	in 1954 foucault published his first book , maladie mentale et personnalité .
0	it follows the adventures of the crew of serenity , a firefly-class spaceship .
0	clams eat plankton , and are eaten by small sharks and squid .
0	arogno is a municipality of the district of lugano in the canton of ticino .
0	as one of the largest wallabies , it looks like a kangaroo .
0	sextus , meanwhile , is at the capitol wrestling which he and his friends are going to burn down .
0	the bacterium was first found in a 43-year-old american woman .
0	the current mayor is luizianne lins .
0	writer 's mail merge functions , rewritten in 2.0 , is still less flexible than in other word processors .
0	the rake 's progress is an opera by igor stravinsky .
0	before this , pikelny had played with garrison in the band leftover salmon .
0	frederick william iii of saxe-altenburg died and his lands were split .
0	riviera is a district of the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	it is the capital of the federal state of hesse .
0	the danish name is slesvig-holsten , the low saxon name is sleswig-holsteen and the frisian name is sleeswyk-holstein .
0	the average act score was 27 .
0	it is named after julius caesar who used it to communicate with his army .
0	he is known for his fantasy works , including the famous discworld series .
0	the neighboring countries are afghanistan , kazakhstan , kyrgyzstan , tajikistan and turkmenistan .
0	that fall saw more anti-war actions .
0	azteca productions richard made the azteca productions company and imprint in 1993 .
0	it went straight to number 1 in the chart and went gold the first day .
0	it typically has a covered deck , and a cockpit covered by a spraydeck .
0	plot king dedede steals all the food from dream land .
0	the tehsil is subdivided into 27 union councils of pakistan and is heaquartered at the city of jhelum .
0	the increase in internal energy makes the temperature go up .
0	seydou badian kouyate wrote the words and banzoumana sissoko wrote the music .
0	following its discovery , cupid was given the designation s/2003 u 2 .
0	inca empire a number of mummies of sacrificed children have been recovered in the inca regions of south america .
0	track listing all songs written by fall out boy , except when noted .
0	was briefly austrian chancellor 1938 .
0	it was announced by the american film institute on june 16 , 1999 .
0	these protrusions usually have many bristles , which are made of chitin .
0	pescozada is a hip-hop group from el salvador .
0	the seeds are poisonous and should not be eaten .
0	the league is the most popular sports competition in australia .
0	convicts were transported to australia in 1788 , the very start of european settlement .
0	the un placed a trade embargo on iraq , blocking iraqi oil exports .
0	he studied criminology and social science at carleton university .
0	ottoman sultan suleiman the magnificent seals off the golden gate in jerusalem .
0	the manantali dam makes a reservoir .
0	it has population of about 1,000 and administratively lies in the west nusa tenggara province .
0	the arrival of the railway increased its economy and productivity .
0	her new album , it 's not me , it 's you ; was released in february 2009 .
0	hacker 's jargon the term rain dance is described in the jargon file of hackers .
0	beyoncé the ultimate performer is a dvd by r & b artist beyoncé knowles .
0	queen jane gave birth to edward , prince of wales .
0	mccain 's father and grandfather served in the u.s. navy .
0	also , cocoa was given as a gift when the spanish royal family married other royalty .
0	in the treaty , both sides committed themselves to nonviolence and accepted the existing border - the oder-neisse line .
0	it also includes the related asian genus rhaphiolepis .
0	in 2006 , the u.s. open became the first grand slam to use hawk-eye .
0	greyhound and harness racing are also held .
0	it is named after irmgard abs-wurmbach , who is a german mineralogist .
0	rules generally do not allow the use of nets and catching fish with hooks not in the mouth .
0	the earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless , though the number could be as high as 11 million .
0	life emerson was born in boston , massachusetts in 1803 .
0	the step is composed of the tread and riser .
0	in his book grace abounding bunyan describes himself as the “ chief of sinners ” .
0	os explorer map 237 - norwich .
0	an encyclical originally was a letter sent by a bishop to all churches of a particular area .
0	it was released on march 5 , 2007 as a single and digital download in the united kingdom .
0	he met her when he congratulated her on her performance in the mask of virtue .
0	the zutons are a rock band from liverpool , england .
0	due to the cold water of the lake , the tree has been well preserved .
0	in 1992 , the cbs version was expanded to an hour and included the bullseye round .
0	it was the first british magazine to include a singles chart .
0	europe and north america have only about 20 types each .
0	it was in this book that the name `` googol '' was first used .
0	it is a shy nocturnal grazer and does not live in big groups .
0	other constructed scripts are used in linguistic experimentation or for other more practical uses in existing languages .
0	readers may find and correct mistakes in the article , but they have no legal duty to do so .
0	a mineral is a solid and has a crystal structure .
0	for this reason , it is part of the european union .
0	stravinsky ’ s famous piece the rite of spring .
0	the feast was for the wedding of king ludwig i of bavaria and therese of sachsen-hildeburghausen .
0	the plate of the president of the bundestag is an exception : it shows 1-1 .
0	prior to the discovery of procaine , cocaine was the most commonly used pain-killer .
0	he graduated from university in 1974 .
0	namli maira is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
0	the doors was an american rock band .
0	crucified barbara are a swedish all-female band , formed in stockholm in 1998 .
0	the drink tasted spicy and bitter , unlike today 's hot chocolate .
0	monroe was madison 's secretary of state and secretary of war .
0	the dorian is rather like our natural minor scale but with a raised sixth .
0	the discus throw is an event in athletics , where a heavy disc is thrown for distance .
0	he played a villain named aldar who could suck the bones out of people .
0	there was even a book series , the nintendo adventure books .
0	harvey and bob weinstein ran miramax until they left the company on september 30 , 2005 .
0	masud begins to rule the ghaznavid empire after the death of his father mahmud .
0	if the difference in boiling points is greater than 25°c , a simple distillation is used .
0	bonham 's case decided by edward coke chief justice of england 's court of common pleas .
0	the cathedral is built in gothic style .
0	the peace between sweden and denmark was concluded in roskilde with treaty of roskilde .
0	in april 1990 , as a result of several rallies , protests started .
0	others want to make some of them into larger regions .
0	défense et illustration de la boxe française .
0	consequently a non-disk hardware failure may require using identical hardware , or a backup , to recover the data .
0	at the end of their lives , they become dimmer and dimmer .
0	s. longispinus had a set of very long tail spines .
0	the bottle is named after the german mathematician felix klein .
0	like most moon deities , selene plays a fairly big role in her pantheon .
0	impact on human life rocks have had a big impact on human life .
0	their published work was called winning ways for your mathematical plays .
0	scene 2 : lulu and alwa are now living with schigolch .
0	it is located near the iranian border .
0	the racial makeup of the county was 63.07 % white , 33.38 % black or african american .
0	she often visited sick people and worked as a doctor in natural medicine .
0	algae are important as plants in aquatic ecosystems .
0	the club became a major force in both spanish and european football during the 1950s .
0	erik zabel and alessandro petacchi are the team ’ s top cyclists .
0	in response , she wrote her first book , henry huggins , which was published in 1950 .
0	in 1995 , an animated television series was bade based on the toys .
0	he won the championship from jersey joe walcott on september 23 , 1952 .
0	then it became a non-metropolitan district of the new humberside county .
0	in return for this , charlotte taught english and emily taught music .
0	astronomers believe that the lightning observed in saturn is the strongest ever seen .
0	cushions and rugs can used outside , to make hard ground softer .
0	washing is one way of cleaning , with water and often some kind of soap or detergent .
0	west never met with the internist and had the procedures performed by someone other than aboolian .
0	also , elements of american and australian slang have come through from imported television series .
0	this meal is called the reunion dinner .
0	events first contact between the byzantine empire and the seljuks .
0	the latest version is html 4.01 .
0	the name means the fields of the rhine , like rheinfelden in switzerland .
0	mansfelder grund-helbra ahlsdorf benndorf bornstedt helbra1 hergisdorf wimmelburg 7 .
0	bosons are named after a man called satyendra nath bose .
0	he conducted the first performances of puccini 's la bohème and leoncavallo 's pagliacci .
0	fir park is a football stadium in motherwell , north lanarkshire , scotland .
0	star wars episode ii : attack of the clones was a movie released in 2002 .
0	he defeated ségolène royal , of the socialist party .
0	it is nearly completely surrounded by the district .
0	lucuma is the most popular ice cream flavor in peru .
0	they have a nervous system that is special .
0	louis 's kindness towards the poor was much celebrated .
0	the same year , she married the italian dancer ludovico casagli , and got the name justina casagli .
0	after the split of the soviet union , they played their first match against moldova on 12 october 1992 .
0	including independent suburbs , the population of the greater suva city area was 167,975 .
0	matilda is a novel by roald dahl .
0	every year , the ncc would organise its annual shooting competition .
0	manx is taught as a 2nd language at all of the island 's primary and secondary schools .
0	dar es salaam was still the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .
0	it later spread to the kaloum peninsula .
0	the bus transport service covers almost the entire city and extends its operations outside city limits .
0	røldalsvatnet is a lake in odda , hordaland , norway .
0	pigeons and doves are thick-bodied birds with short necks and short narrow bills .
0	aleppo , syria killing about 230,000 people .
0	it was released on 6 august 1996 .
0	while median household income has tendency to increase up to four persons per household , it declines thereon after .
0	this means that length is a better scale to use , because differences can be found out easier .
0	fiat voluntas tua , sicut in caelo , et in terra .
0	he often plays chamber music .
0	mendelssohn was a child prodigy .
0	amarna includes several modern villages , including el-till in the north and el-hagg qandil in the south .
0	diary development department maintains this sewage farm and fodder cultivation is done here .
0	just outside the town is bartrums brewery , on rougham airfield but originally in thurston .
0	the bbc symphony orchestra is the main orchestra of the british broadcasting corporation .
0	after that he worked as a lawyer .
0	the bretton woods system was the first monetary order that organized monetary relations among independent nation-states .
0	beryl killed 115 people in the cape verde islands .
0	she won an academy award for best supporting actress for her performance in girl , interrupted .
0	he became king when his brother , william ii , died in a hunting accident .
0	this includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .
0	failed revolt against the venetian rulers in crete .
0	the eye is a 2008 movie starring jessica alba .
0	frederick 's son , conrad iv of germany finished the town in 1254 .
0	solar updraft towers use wind that is artificially produced inside the chimney by heating it with sunlight .
0	the air about the small bush-covered island is described as being sad and peaceful by visitors .
0	the jewish community has been shrinking since the mid 20th century .
0	the file system might also talk to a remote server over a network where the file is stored .
0	flowers can also be made into tea .
0	the population of bolivia is 9,182,000 .
0	he invented the korean alphabet .
0	messenger of the gods .
0	music in the renaissance .
0	his mother was his first piano teacher .
0	he also wrote on politics , law , ethics , theology , history , and philology .
0	wrestlers use clinching , holding , locking , and leverage .
0	in 1541 henry viii declared the kingdom of ireland .
0	joseph pulitzer died aboard his yacht in the harbor of charleston , south carolina in 1911 .
0	the petunia is a family of plants .
0	early life sturt was born in india where his father was a judge .
0	april april 2 - pope john paul ii dies .
0	ecaussinnes is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	any material that can not be grown must be mined .
0	those substances that can release the compound cn are highly poisonous .
0	charles babbage described his analytical engine .
0	in 1806 it became part of the grand duchy of hessen .
0	he also is in the england national team , which competes in the world cup and other international events .
0	knowledge of the great ruins of teotihuacán was never lost .
0	the leaves grow on stems of around 6 cm height .
0	they are plants in the genus allium .
0	it is also the most common dialect of overseas chinese in southeast asia and north america .
0	india tests nuclear weapons .
0	he is elected by the electoral college .
0	franz liszt 's concertmaster at weimar , was the orchestra ’ s conductor for the 1876-1877 season .
0	flat gravers are used for doing work on letters , as well as most musical instrument engraving work .
0	he is the leader of the london symphony orchestra .
0	this was symbolized by the right side of the eye in a form of the nose .
0	the area was flat , in a valley between the caelian , esquiline and palatine hills .
0	characteristics metis ' direction of rotation is unknown at present .
0	bedford is the county town of bedfordshire , england .
0	one of paco 's bombs explodes , destroying the building .
0	books books have been released as tie-ins , including xena warrior princess : complete illustrated companion .
0	gulfport-biloxi , mississippi metropolitan statistical area , which is included in the gulfport-biloxi-pascagoula , mississippi combined statistical area .
0	lorenzo medici sent leonardo to milan as an ambassador .
0	its industrial outputs include food processing and machinery .
0	sharif is most famous for his roles in doctor zhivago and lawrence of arabia .
0	girls sometimes have a bat mitzvah around their 12th or 13th birthday .
0	her second home is with a woman named amelia .
0	wunderlich soon became known as a brilliant young tenor .
0	the stairs are constructed using cuts in dirt , rocks or concrete .
0	the motorway takes a more northerly route through the east midlands .
0	foxe then removed to basel where he lived and worked with john bale and lawrence humphrey .
0	they wanted a smaller label that cared less about money .
0	olmec cities la venta – in the present day mexican state of tabasco .
0	their was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
0	meerhout is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
0	from that time on his mother took care of his education .
0	robson signed the contract and moved to london .
0	soon after , nitro began teaming with joey matthews , later known as joey mercury .
0	she also starred in survivor 's law ii in 2007 .
0	he defeated the tribes through clever mountain tactics and stubborn fighting .
0	the party participates also in the broader european anticapitalist left .
0	athenian attack on megara .
0	the motherwell football & athletic club ltd .
0	location there is a small park at the end of taylor street .
0	the tehsil of khanpur is one of the largest area-wise of rahim yar khan district .
0	the falcons joined the nfl as a 1966 expansion team .
0	the landscape has been heavily influenced by dutch technology .
0	the etruscan civilization was a culture in ancient italy .
0	in the cellars in el puerto , sherry is made using the traditional method called “ solera ” .
0	he played in his first pro bowl in 2007 .
0	it is often identified as the place in which abraham lived before he reached canaan .
0	microsoft office powerpoint is a presentation program developed for the microsoft windows and mac os computer operating systems .
0	bryggen is on the unesco list for world cultural heritage sites .
0	it has over 7 million users .
0	the dutch first settled delaware .
0	the amp is named after andré-marie ampère who studied electromagnetism .
0	the first recorded use of silver as a color name in english was in 1481 .
0	glaciers are the largest deposits of fresh water on earth .
0	both males and females have white feathers on their wings and tails .
0	characters in south park include stan marsh , kyle broflovski , eric cartman and kenny mccormick .
0	after this they released a `` best of '' album called fingerprints : the best of powderfinger , 1994–2000 .
0	the northern part of upper egypt , between el-aiyat and asyut is sometimes called middle egypt .
0	the manager is gareth southgate .
0	lebanese jews became targets to islamic militant groups since 1984 .
0	it is difficult to accurately tell the number of deaths caused by the events at chernobyl .
0	for a smaller list of notable asteroids , see list of notable asteroids .
0	the book has been published in several editions and translations and has never gone out of print .
0	veronica mars is an american teen drama/mystery-neo-noir series .
0	she backed stevenson once again in 1960 but john f. kennedy received the presidential nomination .
0	he is commemorated as an artist by the lutheran church on april 6 .
0	it is the capital of sibiu county .
0	the others were yasser arafat and shimon peres .
0	it is also believed that drinking its water can cure diseases .
0	david marks replaced jardine when he went away to school ; after jardine 's return marks left the band .
0	it was also where the bauhaus movement started .
0	in 2000 , the population was 131,063 .
0	jewelry and eyeglasses are also accessories .
0	most people have five fingers on each hand and five toes on each foot .
0	ghana has a 6-year primary school system .
0	the death star is a fictional space station that is in the star wars movies .
0	the first book in the series , illium received the locus award for best book in 2004 .
0	that led to vaan , balthier and fran getting put into the nalbina dungeons .
0	he was a student of the well-known composer and teacher adolphe adam .
0	c # is a modern language .
0	the school library was opened since september 1982 .
0	history ancient scarbantia at the time of the roman empire , there was a city here called scarbantia .
0	again aschenbach watches as tadzio and his friends play a game on the beach ; they soon leave .
0	the spread of modern-style cafes to many places , urban and rural , went hand in hand with computers .
0	the main actors in the movie are keanu reeves , laurence fishburne , carrie-anne moss , and hugo weaving .
0	after a serious illness , rattanbai died .
0	derby is one of only four british prime ministers to have been in office three or more times .
0	a way of representing six-bit characters as raised dots in braille cell .
0	many stars are part of a system with two or more stars .
0	with r. a. fisher and j.b.s . haldane , he was a founder of theoretical population genetics .
0	they set up a camp at stringybark creek in a thick forest area .
0	the first lutes were brought to spain by the moors .
0	they can not enter a house unless they have been invited in .
0	these are : age of empires , age of empires ii , and age of empires iii .
0	an anaerobic organism is any living thing that does not need oxygen for growth .
0	history choline was discovered by andreas strecker in 1864 .
0	give us this day our daily bread .
0	association football there are different interpretations as to when a hat-trick is a valid one .
0	rocks are not the same as minerals .
0	because of the north african drought since the beginning of the 1970s many people have moved to the city .
0	goebel is also the first skater in history to perform three quadruple jumps in one program .
0	in 1798 it was called the estates theatre when it was bought by the czech estates .
0	iraqi forces were eventually ousted from kuwait .
0	the crew tried calling the police but the police didn ’ t believe them .
0	he became printer and editor with that newspaper , and later its owner .
0	merchants can be into two types : a wholesale merchant works between producer and retail merchant .
0	by 10,500 years ago the climate was becoming cooler and dryer .
0	even stevens is a disney channel television series about an american family .
0	indian troops attack the golden temple at amritsar , the sikh 's holiest shrine .
0	the nazi leadership was concerned over this because they wanted german women to give birth .
0	windows 1.0 was one of the first operating environments that used pictures instead of text .
0	war of 1812 : british soldiers burn buffalo , new york .
0	the current first lady is michelle obama .
0	doboj region is a one of seven regions in republika srpska .
0	brylski , p. `` dark kangaroo mouse '' .
0	the velvet underground was an american rock band .
0	on june 7 , 2008 , alba gave birth to a baby girl called honor marie warren .
0	today , the stadium has an unbalanced look , with one large stand aside three smaller stands .
0	he also learned at hope college in holland , michigan .
0	wimbledon was first competed in 1877 .
0	james iii of scotland acquires orkney and shetland islands from denmark .
0	it is the capital of sibiu county .
0	chaudfontaine is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	rhetoric is the science of how to speak well .
0	the east chancel is dedicated to st. george .
0	an east medical campus has been built on plymouth road , with some university-owned buildings .
0	two national parks and four world heritage sites lie in this region .
0	they may be designed to burn with colored flames and sparks .
0	martin luther king , jr .
0	they primarily eat insects , and catch insects by jumping at them .
0	name changes the college of arms is also responsible for recording the changes of names .
0	the cult is a english rock band .
0	it 's climate is tropical .
0	david is preparing a song for the midsummer festival .
0	a doppler effect happens because the sun , and the milky way are moving at nearly 600 km/s .
0	they had no children , but they raised dolley 's son from her first marriage , john payne todd .
0	italian rider giuseppe guerini also won a stage and the team once again winning the team classification .
0	after the match , both shook hands in the ring .
0	it could have come from a wallpaper durant saw in a hotel .
0	events great britain is united with ireland to make the uk .
0	in 1970 georges pompidou asked the composer pierre boulez to start an institution for music research .
0	she is now studying harp at brigham young university .
0	return to england in 1559 , when mary i had died foxe returned to england .
0	the members are adam gardner , ryan miller , brian rosenworcel , and joe pisapia .
0	life early life the báb was born on october 20 , 1819 , in shiraz , iran .
0	meetings of the ipcc and ipcc working groups are held by members of governments .
0	hoppin , medieval music pp .
0	masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments .
0	something performed in accordance with a project was called an object .
0	gallaudet asked clerc to go back to america with him .
0	landis denied having doped .
0	it represents two thirds of all crustacean species .
0	these courts are administratively and financially independent from any other government body .
0	at its brightest it is still too dim to be seen with the naked eye .
0	he died peacefully in bed in the frisian town of sneek on october 28 in the year 1520 .
0	to the north is the country of nepal .
0	it has the longest unbroken history of any school in england .
0	it almost never affects children .
0	they are a popular sport fish .
0	ward cunningham started the first wiki in march 1995 .
0	he was born in tabriz , iran .
0	profondeville is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	he was born on march 5 , 1970 in queens , new york .
0	a liturgy is a ceremony , according to the traditions of a particular group or event .
0	banja luka is a one of seven regions in republika srpska .
0	messer piero took his son 's painting to florence and sold it to an art dealer .
0	the fire started near santa ysabel and quickly spread to ramona , rancho bernardo , poway and escondido .
0	guinness died from liver cancer in 2000 .
0	he married guðrún katrín þorbergsdóttir in 1974 , who gave birth to twin daughters the following year .
0	friedrich hayek said that in his book road to serfdom .
0	traum schallplatten trauma records trax records treibstoff recordings trekky records trend is dead !
0	from the 1920s it spread around the globe .
0	la traviata is an opera in three acts and is written by giuseppe verdi .
0	they had three children .
0	however , he would often demand the right to interfere in the business of the monastery .
0	the taoiseach nominates a member of government to be tánaiste .
0	in early 1537 , jane became pregnant and developed a craving for quail .
0	population it has a population of over 600,000 inhabitants .
0	it is located in the center of anatolia .
0	there are many lakes in switzerland .
0	some japanese once thought it was rude to call a person of noble rank by their given names .
0	the season officially began on june 1 and ended on november 30 .
0	in 1863 reuter moved from neubrandenburg to eisenach and here he died on 12 july 1874 .
0	the thar desert covers most parts of the state .
0	a peculiar figure appears to have the lower body of a woman with the upper body of a bison .
0	the lover may accompany himself on a guitar .
0	it identifies 'what makes of what is made and what causes change of what is changed ' .
0	as he is walking in munich he stops in front of a cemetery .
0	an early recording done by whedon can be found on the dvd release .
0	its odd shape was revealed by adaptive optics on the eso 3.6m telescope at la silla .
0	given this caveat , here is a list of average tree-lines from locations around the globe : location approx .
0	this type must be held in place on the patient 's skin while shocks are delivered .
0	younha made her debut at the age of sixteen .
0	the muroid family is very large and complex .
0	this caused hardship in iraq and almost destroyed the iraqi economy and state infrastructure .
0	one of best known philosophical theories of autonomy was developed by kant .
0	the village is 2km west of muri .
0	the greene king brewery is in bury .
0	jesse james is a lucky luke comic written by goscinny and illustrated by morris .
0	the holiday is held on the third monday in february .
0	the most famous composer of this time was guillaume de machaut .
0	coweta county is a county in the u.s. state of georgia .
0	she is the first president of ireland to be born in northern ireland .
0	the capital city is saignelégier .
0	midgard was connected to asgard by the bifrost bridge .
0	postal regions do not always follow state borders .
0	limpets can be commonly found attached to rocks , looking like little disks or bumps on the rock surface .
0	but the language spoken during lessons is nearly always german .
0	since 2006 , the duo has appeared many times in variety shows .
0	europe ; important in forestry .
0	possessions thor was said to travel in a chariot drawn by the goats tanngrisnir and tanngnjóstr .
0	its capital is libreville .
0	stone columns were already used in the architecture of ancient egypt as early as 2600 bc .
0	the first locus award was given in 1971 for works published in 1970 .
0	in the united states , it started on september 10 , 2005 .
0	sergius iv succeeds john xviii as pope .
0	tickets must be reserved months in advance .
0	this was the polish poem , pan tadeusz by adam mickiewicz .
0	oosterzele is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
0	at the time of her birth , only males could ascend the throne of denmark .
0	his younger brother was born on 28 august 1867 , but died the following year .
0	harry potter and the half-blood prince was written by j. k. rowling and published on the 16 july 2005 .
0	the city of faisalabad is the capital .
0	the show came back on the air in 2002 on game show network as whammy !
0	eghezée is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	xerxes told his men to cut leonidas ' head , put it on a stake and crucify his body .
0	addis ababa university was formerly known as haile selassie i university .
0	varnish is traditionally a combination of a drying oil , a resin , and a solvent .
0	airoldi first went from milan to split , with no problems .
0	traveller ibn batuta in the 14th century referred to it as kalanpu .
0	grünberg received a diploma in 1962 from the johann wolfgang goethe university .
0	information from azmi bishara knesset profile in english , hebrew and arabic was an israeli politician .
0	the imperial lemon is a lemon and grapefruit hybrid .
0	walcott classified it as a polychaete worm .
0	a quickdraw is used in rock climbing for lead climbing .
0	when he did spiritual practice at bavania in gujarat , he was known as tallaiya baba .
0	cyclones occur commonly on earth , but other planets have cyclones too .
0	bobby orr 's ice hockey skills were evident at a very early age .
0	that can be an implied value judgement or feelings .
0	apples is a municipality in switzerland .
0	scottsdale is a major agricultural centre .
0	evey puts him on the train with the explosives .
0	the role won him an academy award for best actor , the youngest actor ever to win the award .
0	it is on the northern bank of the river brahmaputra .
0	kirby on the draw : a mini-game where kirby shoots targets .
0	ut mine stromtid describes the revolutionary movement of 1848 .
0	dandurand was born in bourbonnais , illinois .
0	since that time , she has said she might do it if the script is good enough .
0	where names come from the names may come from any source whatsoever .
0	duke university is a private university in durham , north carolina , founded in 1838 .
0	ukraine to the north .
0	andrew gower is head of development .
0	midland was also home to former president george h. w. bush and former first lady barbara walker bush .
0	his house named jinnah house is under the possession of the government of india .
0	this intellectual work did much to restore wittgenstein 's spirits .
0	it usually eats berries , leaves , grasses and nuts .
0	they prey on other fish , cephalopods , mollusks , and crustaceans .
0	the maroon berets are an elite armed force that was created by officers from the turkish army .
0	alken is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
0	albert was born near coburg , in germany .
0	tourism is one of the top foreign exchange earners in rwanda .
0	the stronger the outflow boundary , the stronger the resultant vertical wind shear .
0	he was born in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
0	further reading seewald , jan : theatrical sculpture .
0	the new york jets are an american football team .
0	established under a decree from tsar boris godunov in 1604 .
0	in 1936 , faustina became extremely ill .
0	the show was created by the team of james burrows , glen charles , and les charles .
0	the songs included in the kojiki are in ancient japanese written phonetically with chinese characters .
0	it makes movies for a more adult audience than walt disney pictures .
0	filming for a second series started in summer 2008 , to be broadcast in 2009 .
0	aike is a lake on the border between kazakhstan and russia .
0	in shifang , 2 chemical factories were damaged and leaked 80 tons of liquid ammonia .
0	it is also an official minority language in sweden .
0	he fell in love with a young girl called julia marc and composed sacred music and operas .
0	hinterrhein is a district of the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
0	it is a source of dietary fiber .
0	much more rare is a supercentenarian , who is a person that has lived to be at least 110 .
0	it expands and contracts in response to humidity .
0	the square tower is from 1337 .
0	plot summary the novel tells about a civilization of brahmans who have powerful skills .
0	many times , he would get free food donations only hours before it was time to eat .
0	madison was elected to the united states house of representatives .
0	mr wong wai wah was the principal .
0	he leaves him to watch the video from miranda as it is being broadcast .
0	ben van der , et al .
0	a simple poem can also be called a rhyme .
0	he was first elected in the 2005 general election .
0	events the first portuguese navigators reach the coast of modern sierra leone .
0	appleby matthews conducted its first concert .
0	dolores hope was born dolores defina on may 27 in new york city .
0	one of the primary purposes of the london assembly is to hold the mayor of london to account .
0	it was first part of an ace double in 1966 with mankind under the leash by thomas m. disch .
0	feather dusters use the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as dander .
0	they throw a birthday party for her , but agnes is afraid no one will come .
0	early life murray was born on born 26 april 1892 in sydney , new south wales .
0	mosquito bites can spread yellow fever , malaria and other diseases .
0	anthrax was one of the most popular bands of the 1980s thrash metal scene .
0	final standings red-shaded team won the presidents ' trophy and home-ice advantage throughout the playoffs .
0	july 24 - horatio nelson is wounded at tenerife , causing a loss of one arm .
0	events 1 january : romania and croatia will start using the euro .
0	heavy rain and landslides made rescue efforts difficult .
0	a tennis game has a number of sets .
0	the nearest big cities are sialkot , narowal and gujranwala .
0	voyage of juan de la cosa to south america .
0	the shorts were created by cartoonist matt groening .
0	he is the member of parliament for the rutland and melton constituency in the united kingdom .
0	in doing so , zedd gives richard the sword of truth .
0	back in 1895 the club moved to a new stadium , the baseball ground .
0	people usually drink milkshakes with a drinking straw and from a tall glass or cup .
0	this has raised concern that z. attenboroughi populations may already be endangered or even locally extinct .
0	history the district is almost the same as the prince-bishopric of osnabrück which existed until 1803 .
0	in oceania , the chilean easter island also belongs to this time zone .
0	however , other sports such as rugby union and track-and-field are also practiced .
0	it sold over seven million copies around the world .
0	they began in 1972 in the city of atlanta , and moved to calgary in 1980 .
0	a rock has only two of the characteristics minerals have it is a solid and it forms naturally .
0	livid is an alternative live music festival from australia .
0	you will get a warning , above the edit box , about editing an out-of-date revision .
0	he is the former ceo of def jam recordings and roc-a-fella records .
0	titania was named after titania , the queen of the faeries in a midsummer night 's dream .
0	a year later the club was renamed everton football club , after the area .
0	jefferson was minister to france from 1785-1789 .
0	ermann & grapow , op .
0	lovisa årberg was born in uppsala .
0	river was a child prodigy of unmatched genius .
0	this term simply means `` path of awakening '' and is thus a form of dharma .
0	seeds of this plant are the source of the beverage coffee .
0	the animated music video for `` pioneers '' was made by shoreditch-based designers minivegas .
0	the band did not do another album until evil empire in 1996 .
0	ian is the son of pete and kathy beale .
0	in 1948 , he started working at ford motor company .
0	in 1989 she received the kennedy center honors .
0	his niece , harriet lane , stood in as first lady .
0	the u.s. government trying to invent a method for solar desalination .
0	mal wins but does not kill the operative .
0	it was first performed on 22 january 1934 at the leningrad maly theatre .
0	he is buried next to him in the churchyard of saint peter and saint paul 's church in aldeburgh .
0	despite their spines , they are eaten by birds , the tasmanian devil , cats , foxes and dogs .
0	she was nominated for golden globe award .
0	conrad lived in the time of the british empire and worked in the british merchant navy .
0	she is very famous for the way she played the shakespearean character lady macbeth .
0	rhee was a strong anti-communist , and led south korea through the korean war .
0	it contains both covers and the bands ' own songs .
0	on the enterprise-d , crusher is a good friend with all the senior staff .
0	the most common pattern was a ring outside of a city that was his target .
0	hawaii volcanoes national park is a national park in the u.s. state of hawaii .
0	the common english name for it , if any , or else the scientific name .
0	the game of life is an imaginary robot game made by the british mathematician john horton conway in 1970 .
0	they have two rows of teeth in the upper jaw overlap one row on the lower jaw .
0	william was born in falaise , which is in normandy , france .
0	started the u-boat campaign .
0	the useful or working life is at this stage .
0	we therefore pray thee , help thy servants , whom thou hast redeemed with thy precious blood .
0	two arthropod groups , chelicerates and proturans , have no antennae .
0	the installation will be in the muldentalkreis district in the state of saxony in eastern germany .
0	arnsberg is a town in the german state north rhine-westphalia .
0	groups , also called mobs , share feeding areas .
0	his eldest son was arthur dee .
0	they belong to the group of cartilaginous fish .
0	production the preparation of matcha starts several weeks before harvest .
0	the term is commonly shortened to phage .
0	not all types of electromagnetic radiation are carcinogenic .
0	hungary 's official language is the hungarian language .
0	the celtics play their home games in td banknorth garden .
0	buell 's reason for the decision was that steven tyler was too heavily addicted to drugs at that time .
0	the national legionary state then came into power and shared government between ion antonescu and the iron guard .
0	history the earliest atlases were not called by that name at the time of their publication .
0	a few of the people escaped the execution and destruction .
0	in 1911 , bartók wrote his only opera , bluebeard 's castle .
0	references other websites description of greece , tr .
0	later virginia , arkansas , tennessee , and north carolina joined them .
0	she was a doctor and a surgeon long before it was permitted for women .
0	they are yourself or someone like you , mad season and more than you think you are .
0	the 1958 formula one season was the 9th of the championship .
0	they fled into space aboard any spacecraft they could .
0	the christian share of the world 's population has been around 33 % for the last hundred years .
0	seljuk turks defeat the ghaznavids at the battle of dandanaqan .
0	in the spring of 2005 , vinokourov won the liège-bastogne-liège classic race .
0	iðunn is a goddess in norse mythology .
0	other cities in the province are amsterdam , hilversum , alkmaar , zaandam , and hoorn .
0	it is like a brick of a house , it can be used for many different problems .
0	on st. valentine 's day in 1916 he gave her a ring as token of their engagement .
0	the hudson 's bay company gave the land to the dominion of canada .
0	verbs end in -as when they are in present tense .
0	one of the uto-aztecan languages , along with hopi , comanche , huichol , and aztec .
0	for a few years zvartnots would become one of the main contenders in the premier league .
0	ludwig wittgenstein at the internet encyclopedia of philosophy wittgenstein began studying mechanical engineering .
0	as of 2000 , there were 180,480 people living in reno .
0	it is also used as fuel in cigarette lighters , and as propellant in aerosol sprays or deodorants .
0	members of a senate are called senators .
0	the proposed tax rate would be low , between 0.1 % to 0.25 % .
0	after the rising of 1863 , russification of polish secondary schools was imposed and literacy rate dropped dramatically .
0	the main rivers in the northern part of hesse are werra , fulda and lahn .
0	she gifted a large collection of her art works to the government .
0	music was highly scrutinized during most of the soviet era .
0	city of portsmouth awarded its royal charter .
0	christina ricci as trixie , speed 's girlfriend .
0	however , playing with zimbabwean kevin ullyett , she won the mixed doubles at the australian open .
0	the earth 's lithosphere is made of rock .
0	one episode of the muppet show had a character called angus mcgonagle .
0	early life johnson was born 'claudia alta taylor in karnack , texas .
0	when sawyer was 12 , cranston was about to retire from show skating .
0	parris heard that betty and other girls were dancing in the woods .
0	as a 14-year-old , he played junior hockey against eighteen , nineteen and twenty-year-olds .
0	he ruled from january 5 1066 until he was killed at the battle of hastings .
0	once when she was visiting her married sister in washington , dc , edith met norman galt .
0	sant'antonio is a municipality of the district bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	later he went to college at occidental college in los angeles , ca .
0	south azerbaijani is the type of azerbaijani spoken in northwestern iran .
0	among them were mark dintinfass , charles baumann and adam kessel , and pat powers .
0	may 14 - war of the austrian succession : first battle of cape finisterre .
0	it turns out he needs shade 's help to find his jungle .
0	the administrative , political and military center of the empire was located in cuzco .
0	his tenure was marked by the thirty years ' war that engulfed europe .
0	naomi is an english name meaning `` enjoyment , pleasure '' in hebrew and arabic .
0	on earth , technetium occurs naturally only in uranium ores as a product of spontaneous fission .
0	development wii fit was first released on december 1 , 2007 in japan .
0	they are listed in the new york stock exchange as mot .
0	he was a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist .
0	it is required to calculate the twist of an object subjected to a torque .
0	ten years later , diego is living in east los angeles , california .
0	ham-sur-heure-nalinnes is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	music an official soundtrack was released in japan on july 21 , 1994 by sony .
0	he played in the style of north mississippi hill country blues rather than mississippi delta blues .
0	lactic acid fermentation produces lactic acid .
0	he then became president of the toronto maple leafs hockey club in 1997 .
0	it is especially important in japan .
0	he said scientists should listen with large radio telescopes for signals from other planets .
0	san pedro de macorís is a province of the dominican republic .
0	each club will then play five more games against clubs in their half of the table .
0	during his lifetime he learnt many foreign languages .
0	he was succeeded by his brother edred .
0	on road signs , the color orange means there is construction work ahead .
0	in 1668 , redi proved that no maggots appeared in meat when flies were prevented from laying eggs .
0	because the odor is covered , it can be kept for a very long time .
0	then his father died and he did not compose for the rest of the year .
0	unfortunately most governments were not interested in adopting the extra rules before the start of world war ii .
0	the bishops were given free travel to the council , as well as lodging .
0	its decisions have the status of ordinary law .
0	it is now best known for distributing plush animals and collectables .
0	titus is about to show mercy when vitellia explains that she started sextus 's plot .
0	it was started by richard branson , simon draper , and nik powell in 1972 .
0	personal life he had a relationship with britney spears when they met at the mickey mouse club .
0	nevertheless , they emphasize that these constructs have real consequences upon the lives and behaviors of human beings .
0	film in 1950 , genet directed a film called un chant d'amour , which showed fantasies about prison life .
0	its surface maximum depth is 48 meters .
0	brazil won the trophy after beating italy in the final on penalties .
0	morris motors was founded in oxford in 1912 and mg in abingdon in 1929 .
0	history of skype september 2002 : investment from draper investment company .
0	most lakes on the surface of the earth are fresh water and most are in the northern hemisphere .
0	in 1922 , when childers was 16 , his father was executed by the irish free state .
0	they were first released for the game boy in japan in 1996 .
0	another hypnotist , al layne , continued to help cayce have a normal voice .
0	the local ukrainian police force helped to round up the jews .
0	architecture on the ohio state campus is a mix of traditional , modern , and post-modern styles .
0	coins were introduced in 1937 in denominations of 1 , 5 , 10 , 25 and 50 centavos .
0	biography kevork ajemian was born in syria , in the family of armenian refugees .
0	the leader of the opposition is normally the leader of the second largest party in the house of commons .
0	pony canyon popfrenzy poptones pork recordings portrait records posh boy records positiva records positive tone positron !
0	it is in kansas city , missouri .
0	pohjola plays chacarera and jazz compositions with argentinean bassist and composer fernando huergo .
0	this is estimated to happen in 600,000 years , when the southern tip of spain reaches africa .
0	pakistan : the ravaging of golden bengal , time magazine .
0	it shows that women can be as brave as men .
0	history according to scholars , the sakas and kambojas were the ancestors of today 's cheema tribe .
0	antigua and barbuda are part of the lesser antilles archipelago .
0	after her marriage she became officially rebecca rolfe .
0	genappe is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	invading mongol forces capture the chinese city of suzhou .
0	as of 2000 , the population is 10,344 .
0	it is the only remaining gate through which people used to enter berlin .
0	its capital is ar ramadi .
0	in 1751 he went to paris .
0	jason was a hero of greek mythology .
0	the song however was part of the set list on knowles ' dangerously in love world tour .
0	in 2004 , the band played at waveaid , a concert in response to the 2004 indian ocean earthquake .
0	these dates are when tropical cyclones usually form in the atlantic ocean .
0	the mello family enjoyed long talks at the dinner table and this was very important to young craig mello .
0	later years in 1593 he moved with his family to stondon massey in essex .
0	he was born and raised in wales , but became an american citizen in 2000 .
0	before the castroite revolution the carnivals of guantanmo were famous in cuba .
0	he was the son of a well-respected man named bondone .
0	but nearly all of them were lost during world war ii .
0	in 2008 , part of city of zwickau will become part of the district .
0	he was first elected in the 1983 general election for the north warwickshire constituency but lost in 1992 .
0	vietnam veterans memorial dedicated .
0	it flows out of lake baikal and into the jenissei .
0	it also shares borders with indian kashmir to the east .
0	it is thought to have 1.5 million speakers .
0	every eligible player who is not chosen in their league 's draft is an undrafted sportsperson .
0	euler 's identity is the equation .
0	this horse had a wedge-shaped head , large eye and small muzzle , just like the arabian horse today .
0	simon kinberg was hired as writer soon after singer left .
0	more recently , grameen has been borrowing money .
0	reading is home to premiership football and rugby teams .
0	examples of this are lake louise , canada and gjende lake in norway .
0	the event began with wwe chairman vince mcmahon and raw general manager william regal coming to the ring .
0	there is the university of pristina in kosovska mitrovica .
0	on 23-24 august , 2008 , the band played concerts at the reading and leeds festivals .
0	gregorian chant is the music used in the mass and the office of the roman rite .
0	beyne-heusay is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	they are now for the game boy color .
0	he died in 1921 .
0	summary nausicaä of the valley of the wind is about a young princess called nausicaä .
0	hard water is generally not harmful .
0	their coats have unusually stiff guard hairs that work the same way as the spines of a hedgehog .
0	university of ferrara is founded in present-day italy .
0	such an involvement would also make the monroe doctrine useless .
0	macropædia , micropædia , propædia further reading lee , timothy .
0	other projects goodman also helped racial integration in america .
0	banknotes in use are 10 , 20 , 50 , 100 , 500 , 1000 and 2000 pesos .
0	he works at microsoft research in cambridge , england .
0	repentance is an act recognized in judaism , christianity , and islam .
0	domestication of wild plants started by protecting them .
0	he was made a chevalier of the legion of honour .
0	guerrero used a ddt and frog splash maneuver on angle that would result in a two-count pin attempt .
0	events concordat of worms condemns pierre abélard 's writings on the holy trinity .
0	today blake 's work is thought to be important in the history of both poetry and the visual arts .
0	creating force there are two ways that a piston engine can transform combustion into motive power .
0	he was also secretary of the moscow federation of anarchist groups , which was formed in march , 1917 .
0	a tongue-twister is a sentence that is hard to say .
0	people use costumes and masks .
0	as of 2006 , 1,411 live in gräfendorf .
0	he was welcomed there , and he soon began reading the bible .
0	it focuses on simple ideas that are known to all cultures .
0	it consists of ten houses , and was occupied from roughly 3100-2500bc .
0	faridpur is a district in central bangladesh .
0	eros is one of the few neas with a maximum diameter higher than 10km .
0	by december 3 they had reached the goulburn river .
0	most of romania 's border with serbia and bulgaria is made by the danube .
0	its capital is antwerp .
0	tapirs have hoofed toes , with four toes on the front feet and three toes on the hind feet .
0	it is also called a suspension point , points of ellipsis or periods of ellipsis .
0	piper became pastor of bethlehem baptist church in minneapolis , minnesota .
0	by 1927 fewer than 50 remained .
0	they released their self-titled first album in 1996 .
0	the genre is said to have started in 1764 with horace walpole 's book the castle of otranto .
0	de leon sailed with christopher columbus on the columbus 's second voyage to the new world .
0	he died on july 4 , 1826 , 50 years after the declaration of independence was signed .
0	top chef is a television reality competition show .
0	in england the flamboyant style was used wall arcading and niches .
0	bahá'ís to follow his grandson , shoghi effendi .
0	columbus is the third largest town , in the u.s. state of georgia .
0	his poems have been translated to french , english , arabic , italian , swedish , hindi and russian .
0	the constitution technically remained in effect during the third reich from 1933 to 1945 .
0	the operative 's ship is destroyed , and he also goes to the planet in an escape pod .
0	the edsel was also one of the biggest failures in history .
0	the city of sialkot is the capital .
0	the only island that is uninhabited is lítla dímun .
0	they were john lecompt , rocky gray and will boyd .
0	the second office employs about 500 people in the bendlerblock in berlin .
0	it is frequently used as a standard of tastefulness , particularly in the areas of fashion and decoration .
0	following the title 's introduction in 1963 , buddy rogers became the first champion on april 29 .
0	the word “ leitmotif ” is particularly associated with the operas of richard wagner .
0	he was one of the most famous composers in the early 15th century .
0	near qaqortoq are the hvalsey ruins , the most famous norse ruins in greenland .
0	violent crime means a crime where the offenders use violence upon the victim .
0	ann arbor is a city in michigan and the home of the university of michigan .
0	he may be best known for his role as the vampire hunter in the blade trilogy films .
0	honiara became the capital of the solomon islands in 1952 .
0	in the 18th and 19th centuries the people built many important buildings : schools , churches and a theatre .
0	founder of the church of the living god and its dominion churches .
0	during the han dynasty , many tribes felt that they belonged to the same ethnic group .
0	english is spoken in many countries around the world .
0	high island is an unincorporated area located in galveston county , texas .
0	beethoven died on march 26 , 1827 .
0	it was also selected because it is easy to recognize and can be sent rapidly .
0	about 900-1000 wild bactrian camels still live in china and mongolia .
0	this eventually lead to world war ii .
0	he was formerly in a band called rising with his sister .
0	redwall is the first book in the redwall series .
0	dracula x chi no rondo .
0	poperinge is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
0	sunnis also believe that unbelievers will remain in hell forever .
0	it organizes the football league , armenian premier league , and the armenian national football team .
0	honnelles is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	before 1947 , it was a part of the jammu area .
0	kant was eventually offered the chair of logic and metaphysics at the university of königsberg .
0	they toured the usa with fellow indie group bloc party .
0	in 2005 , williams donated $ 125,000 to relief efforts in mississippi , after hurricane katrina .
0	she tells him to tell anne that he loves her .
0	the bmi has a second office in bonn .
0	the last one is lulu herself , who is carried on stage and introduced as a snake .
0	the club is owned by two american businessmen , george gillett and tom hicks .
0	the language is classified as a dardic language .
0	the first line was opened in 1979 .
0	do what thou wilt .
0	the word accra comes from the word nkran meaning ants .
0	the houston dynamo are an american soccer team that plays in major league soccer in houston , texas .
0	some people say that the flat-leaf basil used in vietnamese cooking is more suitable for use with fruit .
0	snails without a shell are usually called slugs .
0	events the great natchez tornado : a massive tornado hits natchez , mississippi .
0	it can be made by using a strip of paper and gluing the two ends together with a half-twist .
0	during that day the president of the united states and vice president of the united states were selected .
0	frank oz voices yoda .
0	the female holds 20 to 30 eggs in her jaws .
0	chapultepec castle in the battle of chapultepec .
0	sergipe borders two other states , bahia and alagoas .
0	these sometimes have 50 or 60 players with nine sizes of instrument .
0	it is often shown with the symbol `` % '' .
0	he then transferred to williams college in williamstown , massachusetts , where he was a brother of delta upsilon .
0	reeve died at age 52 on october 10 , 2004 from heart problems caused by an infection .
0	remains have been found in europe and argentina .
0	in 1889 it was raised by the catholic church to the double rite of first class .
0	it was signed on december 7 , 1970 and ratified by the german bundestag on may 17 , 1972 .
0	the capital is called haarlem .
0	the capital of attica is the athens .
0	serfs were the lowest social class of the feudal society .
0	he exits the wormhole at a distant part of the universe .
0	they occur only in the new world .
0	he said that the area around him looked like a 'war zone ' as a result of the cyclone .
0	these anchors are usually designed for small vessels , and are usually not for large ships .
0	jim root was his replacement .
0	hume later worked as a magistrate until his death at yass on 19 april 1873 .
0	it has a live cd format that lets it be used on a computer without installing it .
0	the size of the pupil is controlled by muscles .
0	his teachers included herb pomeroy , gary burton , phil wilson , ed bedner and hal crook .
0	it is broadcast on channel 4 .
0	its current leader and new australia 's prime minister is kevin rudd .
0	fox noggin at nite taking over nick gas 's channel position after splitting from noggin .
0	many soldiers of the white army had gathered in crimea .
0	the isthmus of corinth is a narrow bit of land which connects the peloponnese peninsula with mainland greece .
0	one hour dramas could have detective series , westerns and science fiction .
0	many myrmecophiles eat waste in ant nests , such as dead ants or fungi growing in the nest .
0	in mexico , hot chocolate is still popular .
0	shanghai stock exchange and shenzhen stock exchange stopped trading in companies based in south west china .
0	the person who started the city was antoine de la mothe cadillac .
0	awards cotton played harmonica on muddy water 's grammy award winning 1977 album hard again .
0	its area is 65 km² .
0	working group summaries for policymakers are approved by their working groups .
0	the serial was created by soap writers frank and doris hursley , a husband-and-wife team .
0	they specializing in the creation and distribution of children 's entertainment around the world .
0	it can be found in the valley of the beaume , which is a tributary of the ardèche river .
0	today the flowers are national symbols of korea .
0	some people call blackletter old english .
0	he was friends with samuel johnson and henry fielding .
0	sambreville is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	these would have been the v olympic winter games .
0	jasper tells everyone that neville killed him .
0	it is also the capital of armenia .
0	beatles for sale is the beatles ' fourth album .
0	book by beverly cross , music and lyrics by david heneker .
0	the los angeles dodgers are a major league baseball team in los angeles , california , usa .
0	since 2000 , the president of the icrc has been jakob kellenberger .
0	it can cause a heart attack .
0	development and release halo 2 was officially announced in 2002 .
0	the front of a synagogue faces towards jerusalem in israel .
0	its symbol is e & minus ; .
0	saturn 's moon mimas has much more spherical shape despite being less massive than proteus .
0	he is a genetic mutant , with webbed feet and gills .
0	the tail is short and the cloaca is near the end of the body .
0	lysacek has won three silver medals at the world junior figure skating championships .
0	they may be removed for several reasons , including difficulty breathing through the nose and having ear infections .
0	schwerin von krosigk was tried at ministries trial at nuremberg along with other leading members of the nazi government .
0	the building of a roman fort starts the current city of wiesbaden .
0	voldemort 's second killing curse also fails because voldemort used harry 's blood in his resurrection .
0	after divorcing , bennington married talinda bentley , a former playboy model .
0	smoot has continued studying cosmic radiatin and now works on the third generation cobe satellite planck .
0	he was born in paris , france on november 14 1840 .
0	he made three shutouts and he had a 2.19 goals-against average .
0	in the 1980 's a large housing development called `` riverside park '' added hundreds of houses .
0	in england , this heralds the start of the middle ages .
0	his first electric guitar was a white supro ozark that his father , al hendrix , had bought him .
0	he has translated the bhagavad gita into english in 1988 from the sanskrit text .
0	in 1569 transformed into a federation of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth .
0	this template displays a `` template documentation '' box like you are seeing now .
0	in german and spanish gothic architecture the flamboyant style is often used for opnwork stone screens .
0	traditionally , geisha began their training at a very young age .
0	the main women character is a woman named messua who adopts mowgli .
0	the flanks of a fold are known as the limbs .
0	london hosted the next olympic games , the 1948 summer olympics , awarded without an election .
0	it can be found on both sides of the atlantic .
0	adding salt to water lowers the freezing point of the water .
0	chinchillas live in colonies .
0	jiwani is located at the eastern end of gwadar bay , which is shared between iran and pakistan .
0	during world war ii odessa was occupied by romanian and german forces from 1941–1944 .
0	an imperative sentence , or command , tells someone to do something .
0	the grameen group is worth over usd 7.4 billion .
0	eight others have been created in competitions to celebrate the new millennium and queen elizabeth ii 's golden jubilee .
0	the open door is the band 's first album to reach # 1 on the billboard hot 100 charts .
0	events year 78 - the beginning of the saka era south asian calendar system .
0	the double-headed eagle was the symbol of the byzantine empire .
0	chili peppers are of great importance in native american medicine .
0	in india , it is known as the chaldean syrian church .
0	they can be digested by hydrolysis , catalyzed by enzymes called amylases .
0	he now plays with jonas björkman .
0	south america was the main source of latex rubber during much of the 19th century .
0	her father is german and norwegian and her mother is italian and irish .
0	the alice springs campus of charles darwin university offers courses in tafe and higher education .
0	the fédération aéronautique internationale is the standard setting and record-keeping body for aeronautics and astronautics worldwide .
0	grillo became a comedian improvising a monologue at an audition .
0	in 1974 spokane hosted the world 's fair .
0	hurricane cindy formed on july 3 just east of the yucatán peninsula in the caribbean sea .
0	generally , only citizens have representation in the government in the form of voting rights .
0	llivia has a total population of 1252 , as of 2005 .
0	she banned leto from giving birth on any mainland or island that was known .
0	streicher won the iron cross and was a lieutenant by the time the armistice was signed in 1918 .
0	in roman numerals , v means the number five .
0	he has made some 40,000 interviews with politicians , athletes and entertainers .
0	by 1996 he was in the top thirty .
0	the first , simple optical printers were constructed in the early 1920s .
0	he did not have a wife or any children .
0	he was buried in st bride ’ s church , fleet street , london .
0	in 1945 , he became an american citizen .
0	in 1995 , gackt joined malice mizer as the group 's vocalist , lyricist and pianist .
0	the capital of the voivodeship is warsaw .
0	florentine republic is dismantled and the medici family comes back into power .
0	two years later , san antonio was founded .
0	the official languages are belarusian and russian .
0	the leaves are opposite , oblong pointed , 4-10 cm long and 1-3 cm broad .
0	when she was visiting her sister in kentucky in 1809 , she met zachary taylor .
0	his brother marzuki stevens is a marathon runner .
0	heathrow terminal 4 , opened 12 april 1986 .
0	this angle is the right angle .
0	it opened on november 26 , 1997 .
0	the city is located at the foot of mount entoto .
0	its name is from the stone amethyst .
0	therapeutic uses vitamin c is needed in the diet to prevent scurvy .
0	on november 19 , 2001 , linkin park underground , linkin park 's fan club , was made .
0	it is named after despina , a nymph who was a daughter of poseidon .
0	hannibal entered gaul with 50,000 foot soldiers and 9,000 horsemen .
0	aubel is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	the giants have won five world series championship titles .
0	the family died out in 1173 , and the castle became owned by emperor frederick barbarossa .
0	in 1901 he married margaret irvine .
0	during the time of the ussr , thousands of young pioneer camps and young pioneer palaces were built .
0	richard nixon becomes president of the united states , after lyndon johnson .
0	in 1643 van putten built a farm house and brew house north of castle point .
0	hasilpur is a city of bahawalpur district in east central punjab , pakistan .
0	posters are made to be shown on a wall or other flat surface .
0	equilibrium market price is attained when the quantity demanded equals quantity supplied .
0	p. duvignau , emmaüs , `` le site - le mystère '' .
0	the basilica of st. john lateran , is also called the lateran basilica .
0	heroes -- nudist man , super apathy lad , and procrastination boy .
0	the blender foundation and the netherlands media art institute funded the project .
0	moonspell 's first ep was under the moonspell , which was released in 1994 .
0	the lake garichtisee can be reached by cable car .
0	sthenurines lived in open woodlands in central northern australia .
0	they all live in australia and new guinea .
0	for example , before 1492 , no potatoes were grown outside of south america .
0	it has its own roots in irish , scottish and english traditional music .
0	it can also cause acute complications .
0	hydropower is the capture of the energy of moving water for some useful purpose .
0	but , parts of the town of chapel hill in orange county are also in durham county .
0	the books were destroyed when the temple of jupiter burned down in 83 bc .
0	sarah yorke was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
0	aschenbach sits in his chair on the beach , watching tadzio and his friends play .
0	si is based largely on the work of the american pragmatists , such as charles peirce and william james .
0	this would drive organisms from simple to complex forms .
0	he died at windsor castle on the 14 december 1861 .
0	finally , people removed the smaller crosses but the larger one continues to stand .
0	economy palembang 's economy has grown after it became a venue for national sporting event in 2004 .
0	the flag of greenland was designed by greenlander thue christiansen .
0	benedict viii becomes pope .
0	his brother is james belushi , who is also an actor .
0	it also has an exchange program for students and university graduates .
0	ganesha is a very popular god of hindus .
0	weill died of a heart illness in new york city in 1950 .
0	lincoln , abraham , 16th president of the united states .
0	he conducted tchaikovsky ’ s opera eugene onegin with his wife singing the main part of tatyana .
0	it was released on june 17 , 2008 .
0	somme-leuze is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	russia contributed many famous literary works .
0	these are not in the protestant old testament .
0	melville island was first visited by the british explorer sir william parry in 1819 .
0	bcc is now a modern location for events and conferences .
0	the hepatitis c virus is usually detectable in the blood within one to three weeks after infection .
0	to play the theremin , the player moves his hands around the two metal antennas .
0	the class a is an art class and b is a science class .
0	he became finance minister in november 1999 .
0	the two main kinds of sound recording are analog and digital recordings .
0	after the 1939 earthquake , marta colvin lived in santiago .
0	he was nominated two times for the academy award , and won the golden globe in 1997 .
0	salt is also commonly added to peas when served .
0	life ampere was born in lyon , france in 1775 .
0	this wine is named after the burgundy region of france .
0	crisparkle remembers that tartar once saved him from dying in a river .
0	job 's wife told him to curse god and die .
0	as of may 1 , 2007 , viz media has released the first five volumes in the united states .
0	he did sometimes appears on political talk shows or events .
0	he became a lieutenant in the german army during world war i , and he won the iron cross .
0	lakshmi , also called sri or sri lakshmi is an important goddess of hindus .
0	marine biology is the study of any living plant or animal in the sea .
0	organizations of all types must protect themselves from the liability of their employees ' inappropriate use of im .
0	comet west was a spectacular comet , also considered to qualify for great comet status .
0	the series now consists of four books with three more planned .
0	wikipedia is not a genealogical dictionary there are special reference works called genealogical dictionaries or biographical dictionaries .
0	in 2007 , 14 % of the world 's electricity came from nuclear power .
0	in some cases , the tests are administered to determine if the fetus will be aborted .
0	it was thought that physical punishment , such as whippings , only made prisoners worse .
0	michaels teamed up with `` god '' to face vince mcmahon and shane mcmahon .
0	he was so determined that he went against choi yuk and her family , and even mk .
0	women on the council women did not get the federal vote until 1971 .
0	he founded team shikamaru , which is dedicated to script writing .
0	hendrix , chas chandler and an engineer called eddie kramer had to re-mix the songs in one night .
0	voigt died in luxembourg .
0	in 1980 , the phillies won their first world series .
0	ac/dc has sold an estimated 200 million albums worldwide , including 68 million in the us .
0	berry linux a fedora-based distribution that supports japanese [ and english languages .
0	this was when he was a law clerk .
0	on february 4 , 2004 , the first passenger train arrived in darwin .
0	december 22 - the triennial bill became law .
0	lind 's work was slow to be noticed .
0	they play in the central division of the national league .
0	in 1999 henman married his long term girlfriend lucy heald .
0	he is taking part in celebrity big brother uk 2007 .
0	bob jones university is in greenville .
0	in summer the water of the lake reflects like a mirror .
0	mark schatz has played bass with nickel creek since 2003 .
0	in shinto , when a kami is worshipped , it is invited to leave takama-ga-hara and enter a shrine .
0	it is the birthplace of adolf hitler .
0	when photoreceptors are fatigued they are less able to send information to the brain .
0	in 1969 crude oil was discovered near the islands , leading to an alternative source of income for them .
0	louis was a race car driver , and william created general motors .
0	david todd rawlings is a united states guitarist .
0	tantalum , iridium and a few other metals can withstand it .
0	with further study , some of these will probably turn out to be related to each other .
0	the central line is a line of the london underground .
0	ok go is a rock band from chicago .
0	the health risks associated with nuclear materials have also been of concern .
0	lascaux was added to the unesco world heritage sites list in 1979 .
0	konzum joined the agrokor group .
0	the first recorded use of rose as a color name in english was in 1382 .
0	the study of microorganisms is called microbiology .
0	her daughter , princess margaret , was born there .
0	boxer shorts with colourful patterns , pictures of cartoon characters , sports team logos and slogans are common .
0	james ii of aragon reconquers villena , spain .
0	czech ifpi chart 27 czech ifpi radio top100 – stronger .
0	the city of pompeii - a city from ancient rome .
0	five of these letters change when they are at the end of a word .
0	he was nominated for several awards for his work , including the oscar .
0	then the loose thread ends can be removed .
0	it was started in 1988 by joining the liberal party and the social democratic party .
0	the beatles perform on the ed sullivan show , which breaks television ratings records .
0	soon after , he lost his first match against hulk hogan for the championship .
0	after acting , rao became a political activist and party leader .
0	the opera company especially perform the operas of wolfgang amadeus mozart .
0	after defeating her brother , mel discovers urkonn 's betrayal and kills him .
0	the governor-general of australia is the representative in australia of australia 's head of state , queen elizabeth ii .
0	the series was shown for nine seasons , from 1998 to 2007 .
0	the only known fermat primes are f0 , ... , f4 .
0	by the end of the war , 179 delegates had conducted 12,750 visits to pow camps in 41 countries .
0	in 1891 thomas left new york to found the chicago symphony orchestra .
0	the achzarit is a very heavily-armored vehicle designed for the requirements of urban fighting .
0	one of the cities in transylvania , sibiu , was named a european capital of culture .
0	satam al-suqami arrived at logan international airport by car .
0	doppelgänger accounts should not be used for editing .
0	it is next to los angeles , california , usa .
0	references hoddeson , lillian and vicki daitch .
0	sociology was taught in a university for the first time at the university of kansas in 1890 .
0	select `` options '' on windows , or preferences on mac osx click the `` content '' tab .
0	epitaph was started by bad religion guitarist brett gurewitz .
0	these things are the basis of modern air travel .
0	chemicals , plastics , and pharmaceuticals are also made there .
0	when a fair weather waterspout makes landfall it quickly dissipates as it loses its energy ; the water .
0	the new took effect when the law was published in the official journal .
0	marske has a decent range of local shops .
0	in addition to numerous species of wild pig , the family includes the babirusa and the warthog .
0	it was founded in 1616 by francisco herrera y campuzano .
0	qaqortoq was founded by norwegian anders olsen in 1775 .
0	normally , qin players will learn the rhythm of a piece through a teacher .
0	such women often had their sexual organs cut out .
0	a trough is the opposite of a crest .
0	a becomes d , b becomes e , and so on .
0	for the year of 2009 , chinese new year is on january 26 .
0	years later , sharrell made heated metal tools , for example : hot combs .
0	in 1371 david died in edinburgh castle .
0	the ford mustang introduced .
0	he introduced greek philosophy to the romans .
0	in the mid-1990s , the bank started getting most of its funding from the central bank of bangladesh .
0	he tried to compose a third symphony for andré previn , but later gave up .
0	over the next 10 years he was put in prison seven times .
0	humans have used this for thousands of years to domesticate plants and animals .
0	pepper contains small amounts of safrole , a carcinogenic compound .
0	when idamante asks his father why he sends him away , idomeneo can not tell him the truth .
0	its use during warfare was prohibited by the geneva protocol of 1925 .
0	musetta has brought mimi back with her to the attic room .
0	barbara bush became the first lady .
0	thunderbolt the famous tv wonder-dog , a handsome german shepard .
0	there are two main types of nuclear weapons .
0	the two countries joined together to form the united republic of tanzania in april 1964 .
0	important books were written and copied in timbuktu in the 14th century .
0	the crisis the americans feared that the soviet would expand communism or socialism .
0	it was released on july 18 2008 in the united states .
0	cathay pacific flights from hong kong to london were stopped .
0	the left party on may 24 , 2005 lafontaine left the spd .
0	suicide mission pilots looked over their shoulders to see this , and said farewell to their country .
0	they took over the administrative functions of the unelected quarter sessions .
0	this list of shipwrecks is of those sunken ships whose remains have been located .
0	fertile eggs can be bought and eaten as well .
0	it is president george w. bush 's hometown .
0	the hall could hold about 3,000 people .
0	it also focuses on big moments such break-aways & hard hits .
0	hiragana are part of the japanese writing system .
0	the movie was released may 26 , 2006 in the united states and canada .
0	the indians , or k-tribe as they are nicknamed , play their home games in grainger stadium .
0	like the adults , the boys were given hard work such as stone cutting and building .
0	an apartment building has many apartments in it .
0	the zoo has over 1800 animals from 300 different species on display .
0	they have been described as a visual kei band .
0	other people , like augustus de morgan , charles peirce refined and completed his work .
0	it is owned by mtv networks , a division of viacom .
0	the males do not help raise the babies .
0	it is electromagnetic radiation .
0	the lawrence 's goldfinch , carduelis lawrencei , is a small songbird of north america .
0	life in may , 1991 , manvel 's family relocated from armenia to united states .
0	eli is the younger brother of peyton manning .
0	with the success of autoboosh , a radio series was commissioned by the bbc .
0	the depression organized into a tropical storm 12 hours later .
0	antimony has four allotropes .
0	who is sheng-yen lu his organization says that over five million students have taken buddhist refuge under lu .
0	in super smash bros .
0	the comedian spike milligan had a character called mcgoonagall in the goon show .
0	as minister of armaments , he used slave labour from the occupied territories in armaments production .
0	mobi t. 47 - - - 49 - - - - `` hooray !
0	the song from moulin rouge made it to the hit parade .
0	they line up directly behind the center , in the middle of the attacking team 's line .
0	giovanni guaita is an italian historian , researcher of eastern christianity and writer .
0	it is estimated that 50,000-70,000 romans were killed or captured at cannae .
0	the book won both the hugo award and the nebula award in 1975 .
0	he was saved from death only because of his brave service in the persian wars .
0	most roman catholics and eastern orthodox understand this practice as fulfilling the observance of the commandment .
0	death francis died in orleans , france , on december 5 , 1560 because of an ear infection .
0	both resources help to stabilize and reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
0	its similarity dimension and hausdorff dimension are both the same .
0	a temporary bleacher was built for the visit of aston villa in 1898 .
0	whedon and tim minear spent the weekend writing a new episode , `` the train job '' .
0	victorio , one of the greatest apache military strategists .
0	princess alice died on december 14 , 1878 .
0	in movies and television , emerson played somewhat dangerous , damaged characters .
0	more demand for water and some dry winters have resulted in a lower water level that is sometimes dangerous .
0	her popularity began to decline by the early 1990s and she left stock , aitken & waterman in 1992 .
0	most have a concave or `` dished '' profile .
0	each player is numbered 1–15 , starting with the goalkeeper , who must wear a different coloured jersey .
0	she became the last living titanic survivor when barbara west died on october 16 , 2007 .
0	the pulitzer prize is a prize .
0	fra angelico had a brother called benedetto who was also a dominican friar .
0	he refused to accept the borders stated by the treaty .
0	kurumin a version of the knoppix distribution designed for brazilian users .
0	sunan ibn maja 2314nisai 59al-zamakhshari .
0	the district of appenzell contains part of the town appenzell , as well as rinkenbach , kau and meistersrüte .
0	prairie view a & m university is a public university in prairie view , texas , united states .
0	he organised his kitchens into sections run by chefs de partie .
0	these would be the first rings seen around a moon .
0	with the help of a human named gaius baltar , the cylons attacked on the colonies .
0	new york : norton , 2001 .
0	they taste like a mixture of a rose and a pineapple .
0	new york city has one of the biggest parades .
0	this page is a sandbox on wikipedia .
0	he is a member of the conservative party .
0	it is also grown in other areas of southern asia including myanmar and afghanistan .
0	the tree-line or timberline is the edge of the habitat at which trees can grow .
0	he also won the best of the super juniors 1996 tournament of junior heavyweights .
0	jotunheim is ruled by king thrym .
0	the rubber part of a hovercraft is also called an apron .
0	a toddler is a child between the ages of one to three years old .
0	the adelaide cup is a horserace , held in adelaide , south australia .
0	she was crowned on january 15 , 1559 at westminster abbey .
0	it includes the butterflies , moths and skippers .
0	on january 8 , 1856 , spurgeon got married to susannah spurgeon .
0	the island nation of usan-guk is conquered by the korean silla dynasty general lee sabu .
0	in 1969 his party formed a new coalition with the social democrats .
0	it has a total area of 1831.31 km² .
0	it is one of the six official languages at the united nations .
0	fallacy of the accident , also known as a dicto simpliciter ad dictum secundum quid .
0	muri bei bern is a township in switzerland near bern .
0	the music video was directed by matthew rolston .
0	one of these places is fort mchenry , which defended against the british empire during the war of 1812 .
0	there are many different types of car washes .
0	ivan accelerated to the northeast ahead of an approaching cold front , dropping heavy rainfall along its path .
0	the movie won seven academy awards , one for best picture .
0	from me to you '' comprises five verses and two bridges .
0	he published the bangladesh newsletter from his home in nashville .
0	they groom themselves by licking their fur .
0	his father wanted him to be a jockey , but he wanted to be a performer .
0	people have grown them as food for farm animals for about 10,000 years .
0	while büchner continued his studies in gießen he started a secret society which wanted revolutionary change .
0	after studying first mechanical engineering and then art in düsseldorf , antwerp , and munich he started drawing caricatures .
0	the team offered him a $ 2 million signing bonus for him not to play for the college .
0	there are 28 basic letters .
0	in art , he was shown with the head of a crocodile .
0	plautus is sometimes accused of teaching the public indifference and mockery of the gods .
0	though hitler never learned to drive , he had a keen interest in cars .
0	since then , he has written , starred in and directed the 2004 movie garden state .
0	most electrogenic fish are also electroreceptive .
0	it is made of wheat , barley or oatmeal , usually with baking powder as leavening agent .
0	it is celebrated in the 4th week of april .
0	sexuality happens by releasing chemicals in the brain which are like drugs .
0	carl studied in lund and tried to make something of the garden there .
0	she kept the mask on her desk during her years in hollywood .
0	in 1984 the 1972 trains were replaced by the new 1983 trains .
0	the coat of arms was continued from the district grevenbroich .
0	january 27 - the bad parliament begins sitting .
0	netsolve is an information technology company in the united states .
0	it was coined by archaeologist john lubbock in 1865 .
0	it had flat teeth at the back of the jaws , probably for crushing the shells of its prey .
0	georgian writings around the drum attests his name .
0	use of the singular form lyric is still grammatically acceptable .
0	mini sudoku mini sudoku is played on a 6x6 grid with 3x2 regions .
0	pretoria was at one time seen as `` the capital of apartheid south africa '' .
0	the university of toronto : a history .
0	in 1946 he became a professor of economics at iowa state college .
0	dhatki , also known as dhati or thari , is a sociolect of marwari dialect of rajasthani language .
0	in 1796 this settlement received city rights and was renamed rostov-on-don .
0	he is best known as the musical partner of bluegrass singer-songwriter gillian welch .
0	the saale river runs through jena .
0	reagan was born in tampico , illinois .
0	dowland returned to england in 1606 and in 1612 got the job as one of james i 's lutenists .
0	the city is home to one of the nation 's two international airports .
0	a war between the others and the survivors begins , and the survivors make contact with a rescue team .
0	the australian open is one of the four grand slam tennistournaments .
0	he won the wimbledon championships in 1987 and was once ranked the fourth best player in the world .
0	some types of holly are used to make tea .
0	easter island , nowadays an overseas territory of chile .
0	if you need help creating a user subpage , you can get assistance at wp : uph .
0	the river severn runs through the middle of the city and the cathedral overlooks the river .
0	fallacy of the accident , also known as a dicto simpliciter ad dictum secundum quid .
0	since his death in 1975 it is usually the original version which is performed .
0	coca-cola red engine take away food shop .
0	the toppings people use are different in different parts of the world .
0	he played as a soloist in yugoslavia and other countries .
0	the coat of arms symbolises the geograpy of the district .
0	des plus brillants exploits .
0	the word meant the disease plague , which is called pestis in latin .
0	in season 2006-2007 , he was the top scorer of the english premier league with 20 goals .
0	port is produced from grapes grown and processed in the douro region .
0	from the late '90s until 2003 , world wrestling entertainment had a once-a-month pay-per-view schedule .
0	torpedoes may be launched from submarines , surface ships , helicopters , aircraft , etc .
0	the kiwi is native to south china .
0	olaf planned to marry violet during the play to get control of the money .
0	matches are sold in tobacconists and other shops .
0	singaporeans are encouraged to do this during occasions of national celebration or national significance .
0	doha was the host of the 2006 asian games , a major asian sporting event .
0	science - has information about science .
0	his rule at this time was short ; hunyadi invaded wallachia and chased him away the same year .
0	events june 25 : battle of fontenay - louis the german and charles the bald defeat lothar .
0	in the middle ages , the wool trade made the cotswolds prosperous .
0	in plants , the cyanides are usually bound to sugar molecules .
0	it is the capital of the province of latina .
0	livonian brothers of the sword begin to conquer estonia .
0	labelle also plays a part in the music video , as kelly rowland 's mother .
0	it has significant fuel value , burning in air with a characteristic blue flame , producing carbon dioxide .
0	the album was a huge success .
0	the name given to the fruits varies between english-speaking countries .
0	the indian pacific train has its own time zone when travelling between kalgoorlie and port augusta .
0	team racing events were only run in the six early editions of the games .
0	the films have grossed more than $ 2.7 billion .
0	he was the 7th prime minister of pakistan .
0	he started studying piano and music theory with his father , heikki pohjola in 1979 .
0	after the end of the roman empire , the island knew barbarians and saracens .
0	he then dressed her , wrapped her in blankets and carried her away .
0	we shall destroy the world of violence to its foundations , and then we shall build a new world .
0	the study of language is called linguistics .
0	the game was released in north america on june 29 2008 , and two days earlier in europe .
0	several non-european players on the squad have dual citizenship with an eu country .
0	in 1989 , long began a heel turn when he started to bend the rules for the heels .
0	they are used in iso/iec 7501-1 for machine-readable passports .
0	choosing a judge needs a two-thirds majority .
0	his father was a sacristan and teacher .
0	sánchez is a dominican municipality in the samaná province , on the south coast of the peninsula of samaná .
0	origin they are named after the 16th century italian anatomist , gabriele falloppio .
0	with scott in the band as the lead guitarist , tom played the acoustic guitar .
0	he was one of the leading figures in the house of lords until his retirement in 1846 .
0	it sold more than a million copies in less than 5 months .
0	since 2002 , switzerland is part of the united nations .
0	in 2006 , whedon was scheduled to write and direct warner bros. ' version of wonder woman .
0	since 1988 , albert fert has helped to improve spintronics .
0	for example , english speakers know that the words dog , dogs , and dog-catcher are closely related .
0	most importantly , plante was the first nhl goaltender to always wear mask when playing .
0	the first world war led the british army to use the ground for training .
0	the formation of the isthmus of panama joined the two continents 2 to 3 million years ago .
0	it is formed when two sugars are joined together and a molecule of water is removed .
0	there are four kinds of exams : practical exams these are by far the most commonly taken exams .
0	he moved his army to italy by sea in time to meet hannibal .
0	the lynx live in the high altitude forests with many shrubs , reeds and grass .
0	from 1969-1972 , he did studied at carleton university in ottawa , canada .
0	a shrine was later built where he had stood .
0	they connect the left and right epididymis to the ejaculatory ducts in order to move sperm .
0	the route of the race changes , but is about 250 km long .
0	he performed a lot at the aldeburgh festival where britten lived .
0	messiaen had been asked in 1971 to write an opera for the paris opéra .
0	river below the castle .
0	the format started with the united states version , which first aired on fox in february 2007 .
0	he had the power to call and dissolve parliaments .
0	one of the main differences from knoppix was the support of hard disk installation .
0	kickboxing can be practiced for general health , or as the fight sport .
0	the first italian grand prix motor racing championship was on september 4 , 1921 at brescia .
0	a motor ship is a ship moved through water by an engine , usually a diesel engine .
0	in 1948 bahr al ghazal split from equatoria .
0	it became the capital of french cameroons in 1919 .
0	he was educated at boston latin school and harvard college .
0	it 's often the target of ganon .
0	premier wen jiabao , immediately flew to the earthquake area to plan the rescue work .
0	they eat fruits , roots , bamboo shoots , acorns , and insects .
0	the hotel manager organizes the departure of the last guests .
0	from 1964 to 1979 they recorded many gilbert and sullivan operas with the d ’ oyly carte opera company .
0	moyet reunited with clarke as yazoo for of live tour during 2008 .
0	it is part of the castlevania series , and the third castlevania game on the game boy advance .
0	career at age 15 , vengerov won the carl flesch international violin competition in london .
0	the film shows the motivation of the islam as to terrorism and islam in the netherlands .
0	its first headquarters is in bonn .
0	origins no one knows where spitz-type dogs came from , though most seen today live in the arctic .
0	his left arm was also shorter because of a childhood accident .
0	in central asia , islam expanded starting in the 7th century .
0	classically , an object hitting an impenetrable wall will bounce back .
0	as of 2005 , the population is estimated to be 19,817 .
0	these different versions are known as `` alleles '' of the gene .
0	in many works of fiction , broomsticks are pictured as a means of air transport for witches .
0	he is a german composer and the greatest composer at his time .
0	it was published in august 2003 .
0	gravity was their fifth and last album came out by sm entertainment .
0	toyota stopped selling the supra in the united states in 1998 and canada in 1995 .
0	it is the national animal of india .
0	the gardens of the national art gallery are popular for afternoon strolls .
0	from the 1840s to the 1870s , baseball players wore many kinds of hats , such as straw hats .
0	story the movie is set two years after final fantasy vii ended .
0	the wexner center for the arts is at the east end of the oval .
0	at the time it became one of the most powerful banks in the world .
0	the district was created in 1975 as part of the reorganisation of north rhine-westphalian districts .
0	condition can mean : a state of being .
0	the owners of the major railroads met in chicago to make the standard time system .
0	she drank 8 cups of water everyday and avoided fatning foods .
0	men wear kimonos most often at weddings and japanese tea ceremonies .
0	he was an influence for plato .
0	the major languages spoken in the district are dogri , urdu , and kashmiri .
0	the 2010 winter olympics will be held in vancouver .
0	she gradually gains more power , eventually seizing control of the school .
0	gni based own resources currently forms the largest contribution to eu funding .
0	sport the english football team won the world cup in 1966 .
0	also , the children never call themselves `` the runaways '' .
0	the apocrypha are religious texts that are in some versions of the bible .
0	clavier is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	it is silvery white , malleable and ductile .
0	it is produced by j. j. abrams and directed by matt reeves .
0	the rules are the same as men 's basketball , but the ball is smaller .
0	he attended richmond upon thames college and later the webber douglas academy of dramatic art in london .
0	she was arrested in october 1970 with brigitte asdonk .
0	encyclopedia of genocide and crimes against humanity - page 277 by dinah shelton .
0	carmen roll was a member of the spk and the raf .
0	but overseas competition has forced the closure of all of sunderland 's glass-making factories .
0	on december 14 , 2008 at armageddon he won the wwe championship , his first world championship .
0	origins the ancestors of the taínos went from the center of the amazon basin to the orinoco valley .
0	the mayor is ron huldai .
0	windows defender prevents , removes and quarantine 's spyware in microsoft windows .
0	the method failure rate of condoms is 2 % per year .
0	the nhl began in 1917 .
0	it is one of rome 's most popular tourist attractions .
0	the exchange rate was set at 4.2 rentenmarks to 1 us dollar .
0	he studied composition at the royal college of music in london .
0	hull was hit hard by the june 2007 floods .
0	the charred residue on barbecued meats is a carcinogen , too .
0	others may try to be share their own view , which is against the npov policy .
0	he was the son of edgar , and aelfthryth .
0	jak 3 is a video game made by naughty dog .
0	occasionally composers such as béla bartók ask for them to be played from top to bottom .
0	it is a germanic language .
0	the masurian lake district is the largest of the four districts and covers much of northeastern poland .
0	new orleans hornets are a american professional basketball team .
0	industrial flint mining such as that at cissbury and grimes graves began .
0	it is on their third album survivor 2001 and was the second single from the album .
0	the cowry ridges allowed the needle to get under the cloth more easily .
0	mammals that have different types of teeth are called `` heterodont '' .
0	in 1987 and 1988 , it was released in europe and north america on the nintendo entertainment system .
0	she married her drummer , ashwin sood , in 1997 .
0	tallis owned a house in greenwich were he died in 1585 .
0	it was published in august 2003 .
0	many see it as a pest to cereal crops , and gardens in india and sri lanka .
0	they occur in australia and new zealand .
0	in some regions , superstition , religious belief , or tradition prohibits the cutting of certain trees .
0	he has also won the four continents figure skating championships twice .
0	a few months later , a german physicist named karl schwarzschild calculated that a black hole could exist .
0	keynes was a successful investor , building up a big fortune .
0	their skull is smaller than their relatives , and it has larger molars .
0	tacos are popular in the united states .
0	most of the songs are by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
0	several cases were filed against gohar shahi and his followers .
0	the prize gave him a fellowship at all souls college , oxford , england .
0	the band chose to keep this recording and left it on the final album version .
0	it last erupted about 1 million years ago .
0	there are three named craters on the surface of puck .
0	the child of a female donkey and a male horse is called a hinny .
0	in japanese folklore , he is one of the japanese seven lucky gods .
0	august 18 - urbain grandier , a priest accused of sorcery , burned alive in loudun , france .
0	they also have a foot ending in a pointed , sickle-shaped , horny operculum .
0	this work was highly valued by many people of dee 's time .
0	the bureau is led by a director , who is helped by a deputy director and associate directors .
0	when the cold war began , the joint administration of germany and berlin broke down .
0	soon , paris was filled with riots and looting .
0	some toilet-cubicles are mobile and can be put in place where and when they are needed .
0	the sri maha bodhi is a sacred fig tree in anuradhapura , sri lanka .
0	juba ii of mauretania joins gaius caesar in armenia as a military adviser .
0	the team has won the stanley cup championship three times .
0	he was only given bread and water .
0	the saugor and nerbudda territories were captured from the marathas after the third anglo-maratha war of 1818 .
0	the three angles of a triangle add to 180 degrees .
0	scar tissue is not identical to the tissue it replaces .
0	he first discovered the asteroid 267 tirza in 1887 .
0	its main campus is at loyola heights in quezon city , metro manila .
0	he was appointed federal minister of finance in the first government of gerhard schröder .
0	legumes are the plants of the family fabaceae in the order fabales .
0	the madrigals of thomas weelkes and john wilbye are usually more serious .
0	homo erectus ergaster ' .
0	cold war during the cold war , the royal navy mainly focused on hunting for soviet submarines .
0	they were one of the founders of the local socialist alliance groups , but they left in 2001 .
0	its escalators are the longest in the southern hemisphere .
0	activity report , life and human rights in north korea , spring 2000 , vol .
0	the fruit is a dry capsule subdivided into 1 5 compartments , each containing 1–8 seeds .
0	in the second world war much of the city centre was completely destroyed .
0	firestar 's quest was released on august 21 , 2007 .
0	this was named by the saxons , but it was there before them .
0	the piece was first performed by messiaen and fellow prisoners to an audience of 5000 inmates and prison guards .
0	in 2004 , rolling stone magazine called him the second best guitarist of all time .
0	he played in munich , prague , paris , the hague and london .
0	the many adventures of winnie the pooh was more recently added to disneyland .
0	it was found in mammoth cave in western australia , and is the largest monotreme so far discovered .
0	it is also the name of the software that was designed to run it .
0	the biggest producers are australia , south africa , india , canada and the united states .
0	this made her the third longest-lived first lady after bess truman and lady bird johnson , respectively .
0	suvs are even raced , such as in the paris-dakar rally and the australian safari .
0	humans are the only species living today to build fires , to cook their food and wear clothes .
0	conflict of druimnacour in sutherland , scotland .
0	yorkshire is a historic county in england .
0	before this , he was chancellor of the exchequer .
0	the fruit is a round samara .
0	it is on lake constance .
0	voigt travelled around until he went to live with his sister who lived near berlin .
0	some compound eyes have thousands of them .
0	polyphemos appears in homer 's odyssey .
0	he published der stürmer newspaper , became a part of the nazi propaganda machine .
0	cape york peninsula : a natural history .
0	jon brion was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
0	metis not a sphere and measures 60×40×34 km across .
0	encyclopædia britannica , inc. is owned by jacqui safra , a swiss billionaire and actor .
0	laredo has a population of 207,787 .
0	as a pinhole is made smaller , the image gets sharper , but the light-sensitivity decreases .
0	the city is very close to the international shipping route and east-west shipping axis .
0	they considered themselves to be in a state of war with mecca and raided meccan caravans .
0	the blue jackets play at nationwide arena .
0	the gospel of john , traditionally the apostle john , son of zebedee .
0	spacetime in quantum mechanics and disagreements in general relativity , spacetime is thought as smooth and continuous .
0	diego maradona made his international debut at hampden park and scored .
0	toltec is used by historians in different ways .
0	a metcard is a type of ticket used to use public transport in melbourne , australia .
0	there is no word in english that means `` one cattle '' .
0	the u.s. census bureau 2006 estimate for the county is 561,606 .
0	everett is the county seat of snohomish county .
0	baghdad was captured , sacked , and burned .
0	the total area of the district is 1,368 square kilometers .
0	when he was 29 he became a professor of cello at the moscow conservatory .
0	english is used in government , schools and business .
0	the number zero is not a positive number .
0	references vyacheslav v. ivanov and thomas gamkrelidze , the early history of indo-­european languages , scientific american , vol .
0	oldest known mention of the city of gundelfingen .
0	the museum is located in nashville , tennessee , united states .
0	the current head of government is the prime minister , ralph gonsalves .
0	a similar biological toughness one can find only by chitin .
0	it was organized in 1845 and named for the oregon territory .
0	this process is known as database normalisation .
0	she survived and to escaped , but was rearrested on 1 february 1974 and imprisoned .
0	anti-gay teachings moon has spoken vehemently against homosexual activity .
0	the island was mined for guano until 1890 .
0	it was released as the fourth single .
0	in the same year , he recorded songs for arhoolie records .
0	he was famous in the 1980s and 1990s when he appeared in the world wrestling federation .
0	the study of male reproduction and sex organs is `` andrology '' .
0	usually female judges of the high court of england and wales are created dames commander after appointment .
0	in 2005 , juan carlos torres became the chief of the vacheron constantin company .
0	under your infinite protection , take our rights , our life .
0	like previous storms ingrid and karen , high wind shear in the deep tropics delayed melissa 's development .
0	mcmahon has been both the ecw world champion and the wwe champion .
0	it is located on lake constance .
0	the city became the island 's capital around the 10th century .
0	schneider graduated from terra nova high school in 1982 .
0	mountain brook was built around three villages : english village , mountain brook village , and crestline village .
0	the expansion of the inca empire had started .
0	he lived and worked in california until his death in 2007 in palo alto .
0	it killed 7,200 people as in haiti and cuba .
0	these people were aged 12 and older .
0	this behavior would typically be perceived as unusual or unnecessary .
0	the hong kong department of health did a study in 2006 .
0	today , the nrc is an independent , private organisation .
0	modern chemists have made oil paints that can be used with water .
0	it opened on july 4 , 1974 .
0	nowadays , napalm is mostly made of benzene and polystyrene , and is known as napalm-b .
0	examples of fermions are the proton and the neutron .
0	economy the economy of the city is based mainly on the port and port-related businesses .
0	it is located in lower austria .
0	the heavy snow continued all day , and it reached new york city in the evening .
0	he wanted to name the city `` stonewall , '' after gen. stonewall jackson .
0	she was drinking tea under a tree when a cocoon fell into her tea .
0	the hourglass dolphin is black and white and for this reason was called the `` sea cow '' .
0	he was born the eleventh of twelve children to william and georgia jones .
0	education and work he was born in barmen , wuppertal .
0	finnix is a small linux distribution , with an iso download size of approximately 100 mib .
0	it is part of the sonoma coast state beach , which is owned by the state of california .
0	a subatomic particle is a particle smaller than an atom .
0	he was the confederate commander at the battle of new market .
0	the railway line that connected the free city with poland was administered by poland .
0	apollo 1 spacecraft at the kennedy space center .
0	in 2002 , they won a royal television award for being the best presenters .
0	he ends up leaving the group when they get to the orange islands to work with professor ivy .
0	liljeberg now lives in stockholm with her boyfriend alexander skepp .
0	a veritable epidemic of vampirism swept through europe beginning in the late 17th century .
0	the regional train network is colour-coded purple .
0	the tampa bay mutiny were an american soccer team that played in major league soccer from 1996 to 2001 .
0	binche is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	voa 's broadcasts are made to share a positive view of the united states with the world .
0	instead , they kept on touring and did side projects .
0	burke civil war begins in ireland .
0	symbols the symbol of the democratic party is the donkey .
0	after eighteen months of development , the project made its first stable release available for free download on 2006-11-29 .
0	chièvres is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	levels of competition college women 's basketball is very popular in colleges in north america .
0	krall married british musician elvis costello in december 2003 .
0	in 2001 , it took over the old borough of hohenschönhausen .
0	in the 1960s , the government of tamil nadu held a world tamil conference .
0	she had apparently committed suicide with an overdose of sleeping pills .
0	peazip is written in free pascal , using lazarus .
0	a handcart is pulled or pushed by a person .
0	the han , sui , northern and jin dynasties all repaired , rebuilt or expanded the great wall .
0	bbc news , january 9 2003 but stopped two days before election day .
0	he lives in paradise valley , montana .
0	the size of the outstanding u.s. bond market debt was $ 25.2 trillion .
0	after he died , his son richard cromwell followed him in the office , but soon quit .
0	the name means `` little tongues '' in italian .
0	cathedral of sens makes the first `` clock '' .
0	doboj region is located in the north of bosnia and herzegovina .
0	the unfree workers and slaves were malays , and malagasy in addition to the native khoi and bushmen .
0	january 16 - adriana iliescu gives birth at 66 , the oldest woman in the world to do so .
0	he continued to work in a trance state with a hypnotist all his life .
0	she had an open mind , and spoke honestly about benefit of mild psychiatric treatment .
0	road blocks were built and the trucks were sabotaged so that they could not move .
0	the city of multan is the capital .
0	flainval is a town in france .
0	this fluid helps to lubricate the urethra for sperm to pass through .
0	also , wikipedia is not a guide for hacker/computer usage , or other slang and idioms .
0	geckos have no eyelids .
0	mario kart is a series of racing video games made by nintendo .
0	in its first week sold 222,297 copies .
0	the low slowly moved northwards , then turned to the northeast because of another non-tropical system .
0	he graduated from georgetown university in 2002 .
0	aadorf is a municipality of the district of frauenfeld in the canton of thurgau in switzerland .
0	the lso gave its first concert on 9 june 1904 with hans richter conducting .
0	she also became the first reigning monarch to visit australia , new zealand and fiji .
0	he knew of important unsolved problems and had new ideas , such as the gap between microeconomics and macroeconomics .
0	anglo-saxon buildings in britain were generally simple , made from wood with thatch for roofing .
0	adele graduated from brit school in croydon in may 2006 .
0	he takes the persocom home .
0	it won the animage anime grand prix prize in 1988 .
0	in humans , the nose is on the front of the face .
0	in 1872 , pulitzer bought the post for $ 3,000 .
0	adolf william ’ s first four sons died soon after birth .
0	today , the prime minister is gordon brown , who is the leader of the labour party .
0	he is best known for his organ works which are very often heard at recitals and church services .
0	assesse is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	manuel i comnenus orders all the venetians in the byzantine empire to be arrested .
0	he began his parliamentary career as a tory and ended it as a liberal .
0	lake michigan is one of the five great lakes in north america .
0	kelvedon is a village and town in essex , england .
0	wells cathedral is a cathedral in wells , somerset , england .
0	tropical storm jerry was the tenth named storm of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season .
0	role in the simpsons willie works at springfield elementary as the head janitor or groundskeeper .
0	the summer olympics held in barcelona , spain .
0	he has held the title of prince of wales since 1958 .
0	there are six types of quarks , that are called flavors .
0	it is available for many operating systems , for example , microsoft windows , mac os x and linux .
0	it was made by gabriela von habsburg .
0	it has gprs and gps .
0	the 12th-century historia compostellana gives a summary of the legend of st james as it was believed at compostela .
0	it is a tributary of the river great ouse .
0	the unique presentation won the unda award for the best religious radio programme in 1977 .
0	it is very influenced by shinto and buddhism , the two most important religions in the country .
0	the reason for the rotation is the same as tropical cyclones , the coriolis effect .
0	a colonist is a person from the metropolitan state who lives in a colony .
0	one of these deaths was the result of a landslide that killed a man in xalapa , veracruz .
0	before acura , most japanese cars were economical in design .
0	impact the weather system that would later become chantal began to affect bermuda on july 30 .
0	mont ventoux is the one of the most gruelling climbs in the tour de france .
0	the king of ledra was onasagoras in 672 bc .
0	the mayor of durham is entitled to an armed ceremonial bodyguard .
0	she will fall asleep on a rock and any man who finds her can have her .
0	history north german confederation the foreign office started in 1870 as a part of the north german confederation .
0	the city suffered severe damage and many casualties .
0	it means `` little war '' .
0	the creator of the series was a serving royal navy officer , ian mackintosh .
0	it is closely related to the apricot .
0	the museum has more than 20 airplanes and helicopters to see , most of which can still fly .
0	siegfried instinctively puts his hand in the dragon ’ s mouth and tastes its blood .
0	fhm or for him magazine is an international monthly magazine .
0	she was accompanist at a children 's music and movement class .
0	because the dutch were outnumbered by the english settlers , they left their fort in 1654 .
0	she was very well used and never lacked parts to play , but she was not given main parts .
0	it is the world 's driest place .
0	in mathematics , a unit circle is a circle with a radius of 1 .
0	msas are used for official purposes .
0	the company has over 100 stores in greater london and south east england .
0	aurora renews herself every morning at dawn and flies across the sky .
0	nicole was the first named subtropical storm under this rule which never achieved full tropical cyclone status .
0	his scribes do not mention gandhara or kamboja ; instead , they name twelve small countries in those territories .
0	he left the savoy hotel after taking money from food suppliers .
0	biface technology is almost unknown in australian prehistory .
0	during part of its history , accra was a very important place for trade with the portuguese .
0	thomas alva edison was born in milan , ohio .
0	do not use other style changes , such as font style or color .
0	the bow is held in the right hand .
0	this was scorsese 's first academy award for best director .
0	ticks and mites are also arachnids but they sometimes are not included in arachnology .
0	fielding team the team in the field tries not to let the team at bat get any runs .
0	much of the romanian army were either captured or killed during the military campaign of romania .
0	its capital is windhoek .
0	from 1808 to 1874 , the city was the capital of british west africa .
0	it was released in japan on november 11 , 2006 .
0	he graduated from princeton university with a degree in history and served in the navy before becoming an actor .
0	french original text allons enfants de la patrie , le jour de gloire est arrivé !
0	nhl star defenceman sheldon souray is of métis ancestry .
0	they are great with children .
0	the western islet is the larger of the two islets .
0	his father was a professor of law .
0	the kansas city athletics designed new white shoes in the 1960s .
0	benefits of serfdom a serf had some freedom .
0	the imo has been held every year since 1959 .
0	he is a republican and campaigned to become president of the united states in 2008 .
0	the charges were dropped in early 2006 .
0	wearmouth bridge was the biggest single span bridge in the world .
0	the metropolitan tabernacle at elephant and castle still worships there .
0	the greenhouse effect was first discovered by joseph fourier in 1824 .
0	when the fish is excited , these stripes disappear , and three large blue patches appear on its back .
0	mandarin is a northern chinese dialect , and one of five major dialects in china .
0	the venus of berekhat ram is a stone that was found on the golan heights in 1981 .
0	april 30 - louisiana purchase made by the united states from france .
0	a number of buildings were built for the rallies , some of which were not finished .
0	the miami fusion were an american soccer team that played in major league soccer from 1998 to 2001 .
0	eddie guerrero was inducted into the wwe hall of fame in 2006 .
0	in 2003 , he won a grammy award for his song `` your body is a wonderland '' .
0	the characters voice is done by julie kavner .
0	j to tha lo !
0	its facilities are scattered over the capital curitiba and other cities of the state .
0	it was released in 1987 .
0	she plays poker with them every week .
0	these stations are manned during peak hours only .
0	the study of the body is anatomy .
0	demographics valais is mostly french speaking .
0	some pictures show him with lighted rope matches woven into his enormous black beard during battle .
0	in 1938 germany annexed austria and salzburg was a part of germany .
0	ri has also won the school excellence award , the best award from moe .
0	lenihan was dismissed as tánaiste and minister for defence .
0	it is in the district of mendip .
0	these area include public education , social welfare , sanitation and business licensing .
0	most people reach zermatt by train or cable car .
0	also accesses the geneva bible , bishops ' bible and other reformation-era versions .
0	hall and several others were arrested in july .
0	in 1943 , william benton managed the britannica until his death in 1973 .
0	young spiders of the families anyphaenidae , corinnidae , clubionidae , thomisidae and salticidae feed on plant nectar .
0	she represents the 8th district of california , which is part of the city of san francisco .
0	while he was preaching on october 19 , 1856 , there was a tragedy .
0	the epicentre was in the mountains on the eastern edge of the qing-tibet plateau .
0	february 8 – the first execution with gas was in carson city , nevada .
0	music an official soundtrack was released in japan on july 21 , 1994 by sony .
0	the organizers had expected popular support for their action .
0	iron maiden is a first album made by british heavy metal band iron maiden .
0	by the end of that century he started producing motorbikes , and after a while cars as well .
0	it is found in laon , picardy , france .
0	because it is composed of nine triangles , it is also known as the navayoni chakra .
0	analog science fact & fiction in 1960 .
0	north american larix laricina tamarack larch or american larch .
0	it will fade into a black dwarf over very , very long stretches of time .
0	it was released as the fourth single .
0	the terraforming process was only the first step in making a planet livable .
0	however , the governor can chose someone else as premier .
0	plumbago sticks were at first wrapped in string or in sheepskin .
0	she is daughter of isaac guillory , an anglo-cuban folk guitarist , and his first wife , tina .
0	the crew finds a video made after the disaster by an alliance ship .
0	demeter is a sister of zeus .
0	all of these changes limited the power of the federal government .
0	weißenfelser land langendorf markwerben weißenfels1 , 2 8 .
0	she grew up in los angeles and attended the lee strasberg theatre institute .
0	evidence is better for other routes [ ] .
0	there are 146 episodes in this series .
0	the m6 motorway is the longest motorway in the united kingdom .
0	he won the bronze medal two times at the canadian national championships .
0	serenity leaves the planet with mal in wash 's seat as the pilot , and river as his copilot .
0	mandelstam was born in warsaw , to a wealthy jewish family .
0	christian married maimiti , the daughter of one of the chiefs on june 16 , 1789thepeerage .
0	that is meant by flora which refers exclusively to species composition .
0	hovell died in sydney on november 9 , 1875 and was buried at goulburn .
0	he went into the pro football hall of fame in 1989 .
0	they brought their regiments from the crimean war to india .
0	january 19 , 2038 - 32-bit clocks will return to 1970 .
0	in 1968 merckx moved to the italian faema team .
0	emersons green is in south gloucestershire .
0	the head of nunciature is called a nuncio .
0	crete has two international airports in heraclion and chania .
0	it is a union of the swimming sections of 13 sports clubs .
0	history the first capital city of the united states was new york city .
0	some of them later became famous : ghirlandaio , perugino , botticelli , and lorenzo di credi .
0	in 1871 , became the first cavendish professor of physics at cambridge .
0	december 26 - boxing day in most commonwealth countries .
0	it was the strongest hurricane during the 1967 atlantic hurricane season .
0	drugs and weapons are prohibited , but not everyone follows these rules .
0	death francis died on july 31 , 1547 .
0	savitaipale is a finnish municipality in the south karelia region .
0	main sights coburg has the typical features of a former capital of german little states .
0	in the runoff election of april 1932 , hindenburgbeat hitler for the presidency .
0	president of the bundesverfassungsgericht .
0	until the year 2000 it used to be known as hazara division - and its capital city was abbottabad .
0	in the 15th and 16th centuries , many palaces , churches and monasteries were built .
0	the epilogue is from jacob 's point of view .
0	the director of the ward is hiroshi yamada .
0	despina , the sisters ’ maid , arrives and asks what is wrong .
0	the history of kolkata begins when the english east india company arrived in 1690 .
0	since the middle ages , rye has been used widely in central and eastern europe .
0	the people of switzerland can collect signatures if they do not like a new law or a law change .
0	something other than money that is used up .
0	martha and washington had no children together .
0	many people climb mt . fuji every year .
0	yunus started the grameen bank .
0	after the american revolutionary war , many more settlers began to come from eastern states .
0	for this reason , this state was occasionally known simply as hesse-darmstadt .
0	liberal conceptions of liberty think mainly of the freedom of the individual from outside compulsion .
0	following its discovery , mab was given the designation s/2003 u 1 .
0	therefore obviously a corporation can not hold public office , but it can file a lawsuit .
0	it is made by tiger telematics .
0	the area is known for the concentration of motorsport companies and facilities .
0	the first 500 copies of the cd were signed by all 6 members of the band .
0	from 1908 minerva got a worldwide knight licence .
0	in the action set cartridge of the nes in the 1980s , duck hunt came with super mario bros..
0	sedes es petri , qui romae effudit sanguinem , petri , cui claves datae sunt regni caelorum .
0	history it is believed that alexender the great once passed through this area .
0	in center of this region is the city of banja luka .
0	bernini 's life and work bernini was born in naples , italy .
0	it is popular in the andean region of colombia and throughout latin america .
0	it was built between 1829 and 1831 .
0	he wrote : theophilus of antioch , , ii .
0	tropical storm ingrid was a weak storm .
0	we know that he wrote an ode for the king 's birthday in 1670 .
0	it is called the cattedra petri or `` throne of st. peter '' .
0	the book 's story about the explorer named christopher columbus .
0	ísleifur gissurarson , the first bishop in iceland , dies while giving mass in skálholt church .
0	it sounds an octave higher than written .
0	according 1996 estimates , it has a population of 29,753 .
0	the may queen or queen of may is a word which has two different but related meanings .
0	in multicellular organisms , lots of different signal transduction processes are used to coordinate the behavior of individual cells .
0	colorado state university is a public land grant university located in fort collins , colorado in the united states .
0	it is the smallest american city that is also the largest in it 's state .
0	paris to tours and le mans .
0	its body is segmented , like that of an earhworm .
0	portugal was a world power during the 15th and 16th centuries .
0	they are also used to make soybean oil , tofu , soy sauce , soy milk and soybean flour .
0	afc hall of fame aberdeen inaugurated the hall of fame following the club 's centenary celebrations in 2003 .
0	vilsack was born in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
0	pink is also the stagename of american singer alecia moore .
0	arteries bringing blood to the penis get wider , bringing more blood to the penis .
0	it details a meeting between leafpool of thunderclan and crowfeather of windclan after the events of sunset .
0	berg wanted it to describe manon gropius , a simple young girl .
0	it was produced by knowles and swizz beatz .
0	all saints day is celebrated by catholic christians on november 1 .
0	urdu and english are also spoken by the people .
0	monte cristo is italian for “ the mountain of christ '' .
0	it appears to have been occupied by humans during two different periods : the aurignacian and the gravettian .
0	then the beans are dried and cleaned .
0	overijse is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
0	the germans regarded this as an attempt to starve the german people into submission and wanted to fight back .
0	many salamis are named after the city or region where they come from .
0	ulaanbaatar has several museums dedicated to mongolian history and culture .
0	other greenhouse gases are carbon dioxide , methane , nitrous oxide and ozone .
0	the remains of a very old barrier reef has been found in the kimberley area .
0	the 15th edition was reorganised in 1985 , and the updated , current version is the 15th edition .
0	the first man to look at a live cell under a microscope was anton van leeuwenhoek .
0	during this period it grew to become one of the largest cities in the world .
0	some areas were given to the neighbouring districts of havelberg , rathenow , brandenburg , loburg and zerbst .
0	viroinval is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	kortessem is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
0	the 19th fifa world cup in will take place in south africa .
0	the balustrade is the complete system of railings and pickets that prevents people from falling over the edge .
0	another very famous piece is called pictures at an exhibition .
0	we suggest that articles should use only the 1000 most common and basic words in english .
0	maasmechelen is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
0	the amadeus was one of the most celebrated quartets of the 20th century .
0	he was beaten badly in prison .
0	the crew needs to get enough income to keep their ship working .
0	this is because the traditional industries of devon , for example fishing , mining and farming are declining .
0	cats are often seen working old layers off on wood or on boards made for the purpose .
0	according to 2005 census bureau estimates , the population of the city is 84,688 .
0	he went to university college london before returning to japan in august 1969 when his father died .
0	yvoir is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	all members of the college serve as officer in waiting on rotation .
0	they were made to resemble the beatles .
0	nuclear physics is the part of physics that studies the nucleus of the atom .
0	tarascon , sometimes called tarascon-sur-rhône , is a city in the south of france .
0	the former municipality was put together with two other villages to form the new municipality of collina d'oro .
0	the second fortress was a huge crystalline building .
0	during the rule of the mughal the district was famous for its textile products - especially the muslin .
0	it is the sequel to dark cloud also for the playstation 2 .
0	they changed the capital from henan to a place near present day xi'an , near the yellow river .
0	fluke anchors have difficulty penetrating kelp and weed seabeds , as well as very hard sand or clay seabeds .
0	the fourth plane crashed in a field in pennsylvania after the passengers fought back .
0	a shepard tone is an auditory illusion .
0	louis xiii was the first king to send prisoners there .
0	the apple is on the album cover of love generation 's soundtrack .
0	it also operates international flights .
0	bonifacio is split into two sections .
0	the epilogue is from jacob 's point of view .
0	nirvana greatly affected the style of other grunge bands like pearl jam , soundgarden , and alice in chains .
0	nelson mandela announced this new group , the global elders , in a speech he on his 89th birthday .
0	earth 's atmosphere is the layer of gases around the planet earth .
0	mississippi state university , where he played college baseball .
0	their current , and only ballpark is herschel greer stadium .
0	january 31 - france cedes naples to aragon .
0	fourteen of its mountain ranges are taller than .
0	tournon-sur-rhône is a commune of the ardèche département , in france .
0	menses happens in the first days of the menstrual cycle .
0	births tiberius gemellus grandson of tiberius .
0	it was the bloodiest single-day battle in american history .
0	on january 7 1983 , president carstens dissolved the bundestag and called for new elections .
0	the general formula for the alkenes is cnh2n .
0	in 1986 their county councils were abolished .
0	he later changed his name to praetorius .
0	a substituted template wo n't be updated when the master template is updated .
0	it is repeated multiplication .
0	legal status lsd is illegal in the united states , australia , and most of europe .
0	plants the islands of the great barrier reef also have 2,195 known plant species .
0	the music messiah tells the story of christ .
0	it is the sequel to advance wars 2 : black hole rising for the game boy advance .
0	well-known plants of this family are the agave , yucca , and joshua tree .
0	many television shows used torrance high , for example buffy the vampire slayer and she 's all that .
0	the city was built around 2600 bc .
0	the human life cycle is quite like most other mammals .
0	spafford died on october 16 , 1888 , of malaria .
0	there are many side valleys off the main valley .
0	in january 1999 , she appointed him a knight bachelor in the new year honours list .
0	in the southern states , racial segregation was enforced by law .
0	completed official bids were submitted by each applicant city by january 14 , 2008 .
0	the master of the mississippi is the second chapter of the the life and times of scrooge mcduck 's .
0	toslink is the most common type of optical plug for stereos .
0	star wars episode ii : attack of the clones was a movie released in 2002 .
0	the population of genoa in 2006 was 620,316 .
0	a television network may broadcast many television channels .
0	he was born in cuéllar , near segovia , spain .
0	daniel le pelley succeeds nicolas le pelley as seigneur of sark .
0	protestants believe that when jesus sacrificed himself , he made man free from sin forever .
0	proteus is more than 400 kilometres in diameter , bigger than nereid , another moon of neptune .
0	gutenberg was born in mainz , the son of a merchant , friele gensfleisch zur laden .
0	sim is motherland of igor kurchatov .
0	there are several hotels .
0	it is located in gulf of gemlik .
0	the main event 1988-1991 was a spin-off of saturday night 's main event .
0	in 2004 , the band played at waveaid , a concert in response to the 2004 indian ocean earthquake .
0	the ancient greek language word for the dye is indikon .
0	early life hamlin was born in paris , maine .
0	the first opera in the cycle is das rheingold .
0	soulmates may feel themselves bonded together for a lifetime ; and may be sexual partners but not necessarily .
0	bagh district is one of the eight districts of azad kashmir , pakistan .
0	he is a member of the defence council and the admiralty board .
0	in 1970 he started a laboratory , san diego where he worked until retirement in 1989 .
0	on 8 december 2008 , he was given the freedom of the city of durham .
0	richard nixon , who was then president , watched the launch from the white house .
0	it is located on the east bank of the river hooghly .
0	each new county and district was divided into electoral divisions .
0	when the island returned to spanish control , malabo was renamed santa isabel .
0	charlottenburg is best known for charlottenburg palace , the largest surviving royal palace in berlin .
0	during world war i , windhoek was captured by south africa .
0	keane played this song at the historical concert live 8 in london .
0	he served in both the united states senate and house of representatives .
0	the museum is located in a former hangar of the port , not far from the new bridge .
0	these powers should be divided up so that each power would have a power over the other .
0	the danube and the rhine-main-danube canal connects slovakia to the north sea and the black sea .
0	the greek colony tanais was there , and also the genoese fort tana .
0	cricket is also a popular sport in alice springs .
0	it flourished for two centuries .
0	he is mentioned in a number of poems in the sangam poetry .
0	xerxes was son of darius i and atossa , the daughter of cyrus the great .
0	the notebooks were not published in leonardo 's lifetime .
0	he married a dancer with the national ballet of canada , sonia rodriguez , in 1996 .
0	both sides attacked oil tankers of each other .
0	the capital is the town of lenzburg .
0	the municipality is located in uusimaa and in the province of southern finland .
0	astronaut collins joined the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 .
0	punt poles poles for pleasure punts are normally made of spruce , or aluminium .
0	further reading 100th anniversary commemorative website .
0	in 2007 , chase was in the hbo drama series big love .
0	life diamond was born in boston , massachusetts .
0	the metro has a gauge of 1520 mm , like most russian railways .
0	the speed of light is the speed at which light travels in free space .
0	team t-mobile was again the strongest team overall .
0	the district was created in 1994 when the two districts dippoldiswalde and freital were merged .
0	it is a suburb of san francisco .
0	khartoum is the capital of sudan .
0	she was found the next morning in a pool of blood .
0	some have a green rind on the outside and a red-pink flesh on the inside , with black seeds .
0	unified with the wwf intercontinental championship at survivor series 2001 .
0	he lost control of east francia , lotharingia , and possibly italy in 887 .
0	her cult began in ardea and lavinium , latium .
0	the first emmy awards were given out on january 25 , 1949 at the hollywood athletic club .
0	in 2000 , the population was 19,773 .
0	the columbus blue jackets are an ice hockey team that plays in the nhl .
0	it is used for most of the main religious ceremonies in which the pope takes part .
0	in 2000 , the population was 8,775 .
0	soon she was having piano lessons with famous teachers such as ignaz moscheles and johann nepomuk hummel .
0	they settled in the united states and paris .
0	s. salamandra adults are able to make heavy poisons .
0	but the storm began to become more tropical and was officially named tropical storm vince on october 9 .
0	mary ii ruled together with her husband , william iii .
0	bakr and umar ibn al-khattab , whom they regard as the two rightly-guided caliphs .
0	within a short time he lose a lot of weight .
0	in 1314 the two towns joined the hanseatic league .
0	macmillan helped to record and preserve the traditional songs and music of canada 's aboriginal or first nations people .
0	the propaganda value of the bastille was quickly seen by pierre-françois palloy , `` patriote palloy '' .
0	to the east lies north korea .
0	their status or power comes from employment , education , and wealth and not from aristocratic origin .
0	some peoples living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food .
0	he moved his family to adelaide in 1839 .
0	prince bertil of sweden was heir presumptive to his nephew king carl xvi gustav .
0	unna is a town in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
0	in the 1950s , there was hard bop jazz .
0	geography the canton of zug is located in central switzerland .
0	its molecules contains more than one double bonds .
0	cheaper brands do not often have ceramic , but some have a paint-like coating that looks like ceramic plating .
0	a winter sports week with speed skating , figure skating , ice hockey and nordic skiing was planned .
0	he was only republican senator in 2002 who voted against intervention in iraq .
0	because of its quality and rarity , it is much prized by collectors .
0	karl xii of sweden is made king at the age of 15 .
0	other websites michael irvin 's official website and merchandise .
0	it is a common ingredient in some drugs used against flu or colds .
0	ordinary courts : these courts deal with criminal and most civil cases .
0	nfs carbon is a racing game .
0	they were arrested and placed in jail .
0	it flows through the town of taunton and joins the river parrett .
0	references obituary : the daily telegraph , 26 january 2008 .
0	but the tribe also live in the frontier region of dera ismail khan district and afghanistan .
0	it measured 7.3 on the richter scale .
0	history 1960-1969 sds held its first meeting in 1960 at ann arbor , michigan .
0	these oxides are used in ceramic applications , mainly in glazing .
0	no great events happened here , and not many famous persons lived in hartley .
0	description lice spend their whole life on the host .
0	miss universe is an international beauty contest .
0	a fan vault is a form of vault used in the perpendicular gothic style .
0	she was teppei 's highschool sweetheart .
0	her mother was the daughter of louis vii of france and eleanor of aquitaine .
0	steel can be heat-treated which allows parts to be fabricated in an easily-formable soft state .
0	dickinson 's real deal is a television show hosted by david dickinson .
0	these beliefs were strong in europe during the renaissance .
0	in 1997 and 1998 , indonesia was the country hardest hit by the asian financial crisis .
0	in december 1993 , georgia also joined the cis .
0	he became fascinated with hearing the old people in the locality speak the irish language .
0	sense and sensibility - full text with audio and translations .
0	rebecq is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	also , it is weaker than most of its land counterparts .
0	on remote routes considerable supplies and equipment are required .
0	at its first meeting the dáil adopted the dáil constitution .
0	he is best known for his science fiction books .
0	coldplay is an english rock band formed in 1996 in london .
0	it was written by american author ludwig bemelmans .
0	the murids are classified in 4 subfamilies , around 140 genera and approximately 650 species .
0	at 1979 he retired and volunteered as general manager of maccabi haifa .
0	the wimbledon championships is one of the four grand slam tennis tournaments .
0	the term `` suzuki method '' is also used to mean only the suzuki sheet music books and songs .
0	it is used to measure the concentration of a known solute .
0	lorenzo sends his swat team and the communications director , leslie barnes , to head to the skywalk .
0	now the sun appears in the constellation sagittarius during the december solstice .
0	greater manchester is a county in the north west of england .
0	mario kart super circuit !
0	in 2007 , it was released on the wii 's virtual console service .
0	she waited until the following september to release `` something deep inside '' .
0	he was baptized on december 17 , 1770 and was probably born a few days before that .
0	lake titicaca is located between peru and bolivia .
0	us states including arizona , colorado , texas , utah , oregon and idaho .
0	july 16 - coronation of 10-year-old richard ii .
0	neo is not the one .
0	it is a green rock .
0	the explorers took 6 servants , 5 bullocks , 3 horses and 2 carts .
0	she was a roman catholic .
0	she ran out of her house still holding the pancake in its pan , and still wearing her apron .
0	its name is from the gem stone .
0	at the time of her birth , she was third in the line of succession to the throne .
0	the population of the town in 2007 was about 45,000 .
0	however , it has has witnessed political violence and economic problems since 1954 .
0	when cassini observed the moon , he could only see the moon on one side of saturn .
0	the san francisco giants are a major league baseball team in .
0	this family ruled in the duchy until the end of the monarchies in 1918 .
0	this was the first force from outside the people 's republic of china to join the rescue effort .
0	famke janssen as jean grey / phoenix : a former member of the x-men died saving her friends .
0	they are called necessary cause and sufficient cause .
0	the coat of arms shows the eagle of brandenburg in the upper half .
0	in italy , it is mainly used for irrigation ] .
0	monty python is a british comedy team .
0	wilbye was the son of a tanner .
0	autofeather is a feature of the engines on turboprop or piston engine aircraft .
0	he is also seen hanging out with doug , spence , and deacon .
0	he also wrote helped edit and rewrite the scripts of speed , waterworld , twister and x-men .
0	block was born in los angeles to a poet and a painter .
0	in 2002 , switzer was elected into the college football hall of fame .
0	hicks made an interception and stopped the bengals from scoring .
0	the largest city is indore .
0	aschenbach watches tadzio and another boy playing on the beach .
0	he subsequently assumed the post of director of the united nations division .
0	for continuous handrails on long balconies , there may be multiple newels and tandem caps to cover the newels .
0	he is an author of over 100 romances and 2 operas .
0	the largest moon is triton which was discovered by william lassell just seventeen days after neptune was found .
0	turkey 's official language is turkish .
0	it 's the third game in its series , after osu !
0	history metcard replaced a identical yet simpler system of scratchies used on the melbourne public transport network .
0	without the small “ tsu ” the first syllable would sound like the word “ knee ” .
0	therefore it was difficult to explain what visual processing does to create what we actually see .
0	a demonym or gentilic is a word used for people or the inhabitants of a place .
0	that night , they formed a bluegrass band .
0	in 1948 , yun was made mayor of seoul by rhee .
0	this won roh instant popularity , and he was elected as the next president of south korea .
0	vedic civilization the vedas are the oldest texts of india .
0	his work driving forward the development of exciting new products such as the ipod has earned him some fans .
0	it is on the border with belgium .
0	union of congolese patriots leader thomas lubanga is claimed to have used children to make war .
0	definition and scope classical electrophysiologic techniques classical electrophysiology involves placing electrodes into various preparations of biologic tissue .
0	the president , óscar arias , was elected in 2006 .
0	elementary algebra is the most basic form of algebra taught to students .
0	the management of a project is very different and requires other technical skills .
0	he sailed along the south coast of new guinea .
0	as a young man he was often in trouble with the police .
0	portugal was a founding member of the oecd and efta .
0	changes in two genes turn off creation of anthocyanin .
0	hence , umaga started targeting batista 's injured back .
0	they became the first turkish club to win the uefa cup and the uefa super cup in 2000 .
0	the death of little saint hugh of lincoln prompts persecution of jews in england on accusations of blood libel .
0	her two sisters , magda and eva , were also actresses and socialites .
0	bombing of a base of saudi national guard in november 1995 .
0	its capital and largest city is jackson .
0	with a population of 86,000 inhabitants , kolding is the seventh largest in denmark .
0	echinodermata from the tree of life website .
0	jeff was released from wwe on april 22 , 2003 .
0	some species can roll up into a ball when in danger .
0	queens ' college , cambridge founded by margaret of anjou .
0	they also started to build the sartell dam across the mississippi near the `` third rapids '' .
0	he was poet in the court of mahmud ghaznavi .
0	siberian tigers are the largest .
0	in 1657 , cromwell was offered the crown by parliament .
0	altogether about 6,000 ss members worked at auschwitz .
0	an object with a higher average density than the fluid has less buoyancy than weight and it will sink .
0	in average , arizona experiences the effects of tropical cyclones once every five years .
0	cape town is the legislative capital of south africa .
0	an angel or a star is often placed at the top of the tree .
0	he was known as a pious king , devoted to christianity .
0	the book was first published in 1988 .
0	events the queen 's college , a constituent college of the university of oxford , is founded .
0	melbourne central opened on january 24 , 1981 .
0	thompson won his first out of four vezina trophies that season .
0	as part of the upper germanic limes the saalburg belongs to the unesco world heritage sites since 15 .
0	events fortress of kalan built .
0	he has come to ask lulu to stay out of his life from now on .
0	the first known english dictionary to be organized by alphabetical ordering was published .
0	the club was started april 10 , 1939 .
0	in novels such as a scanner darkly or 'valis he uses his own experiences .
0	she died on may 22 , 1802 at mount vernon , virginia at age 70 .
0	many locals feared reprisals or even expulsion after enlisting .
0	in the 1487 re-consecration of the great pyramid of tenochtitlan many prisoners were sacrificed .
0	tandjilé is one of fourteen prefectures of chad .
0	he is the only person to win two nobel prizes in physics .
0	as 2005 began , triple h believed that batista was becoming a threat to his world heavyweight championship .
0	the book was extremely popular and sold quickly .
0	he is also the actual father of blues musician big bill morganfield .
0	if it moves counterclockwise then it represents a heat pump , and w will be negative .
0	other websites musée rodin , paris rodin museum , philadelphia views of the musée rodin rodin-web .
0	soil classification can be approached from both the perspective of pedogenesis and from soil morphology .
0	otto von bismarck was its chancellor , and the king of prussia , william i was its president .
0	dan kelly and steve hart killed themselves .
0	he worked in genres of painting and applied art .
0	in 1712 , it officially became a village , and was named grin'wich in the 1713 common council records .
0	she guarded the privacy of her family .
0	the shield with a lion is the symbol of the county of meißen .
0	this view thinks that jesus thought that the world was going to end in a short time .
0	in some rare cases , people taking lsd develop a psychosis .
0	tintigny is a municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
0	it brought gusty winds to california coastal waters before dissipating .
0	beethoven is supposed to have kissed him on the forehead .
0	cultivation and uses eucalypts have many uses which have made them important .
0	zaventem is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
0	in the netherlands , the old law banning absinthe was successfully challenged by the amsterdam wine seller menno boorsma .
0	the third movie , the voyage of the dawn treader , is to be released in 2010 .
0	a year later he became the director of the national air and space museum .
0	fox noggin at nite taking over nick gas 's channel position after splitting from noggin .
0	the atlantic ocean is to the west and south , and spain is to the north and east .
0	there are four zones in the maze - medieval , aztec , future and industrial .
0	principles of social science .
0	first witch hunts begin , in switzerland .
0	professor phelps published research on the inflation tax and the effects of fiscal policy on inflation .
0	the clay pigeons are much smaller than the ducks and are harder to hit .
0	in japan , her name was always peach .
0	there are many legends and myths about arabian horses .
0	by the mid-1940s , big bands lost a lot of their popularity .
0	these different versions are known as `` alleles '' of the gene .
0	he plays for the toronto blue jays .
0	la scala 's season traditionally opens on 7 december , saint ambrose 's day , milan 's patron saint .
0	according to the myth , odin took loki 's three children , fenrisulfr , hel and jörmungandr .
0	fabius refused to let himself be drawn into battle .
0	the parliament is elected every five years , except in bavaria where it is elected every six years .
0	it was released on march 19 , 1975 .
0	the roman moon goddess , luna , had a temple on the aventine hill .
0	she married philip ii of france in 1180 .
0	usb does not support cyclical networks , so the connectors from incompatible usb devices are themselves incompatible .
0	after taking a break in 1996 , green day began to work on a new album in 1997 .
0	he had placed himself between the romans and their source of supply .
0	some of these were drained using open ditches and trenches .
0	his favorite artists from mexico were rufino tamayo , david alfaro siqueiros , diego rivera , and antonio ruíz .
0	as he tries to escape , anna and ottavio arrive .
0	medieval foreign policy was also shaped by relations with the flemish cloth business .
0	john paul i was pope for only 33 days .
0	events by place europe khan kubrat establishes great bulgaria .
0	it was written by the wachowski brothers and directed by james mcteigue .
0	it is an indo-aryan language spoken by about 41 million people in pakistan , and 12 million in india .
0	nhat le beach is a beach in dong hoi city , the capital of quang binh province .
0	the capital of british columbia is victoria .
0	wem first opened on september 15 , 1981 .
0	like earlier ipcc reports , it contains four reports , three of them from its working groups .
0	it is in charge of music licenses and royalties .
0	tweed knows that tod is no longer safe with her and leaves him in a game preserve .
0	it grows southwest europe and northwest africa .
0	summers are hot and muggy , fall and spring are mild , and winter is cold .
0	a video projector takes a video signal and projects the corresponding image on a screen using a lens system .
0	may - august - unsuccessful siege of paris by henry iv of france .
0	he is also a southern baptist minister .
0	he or she is not advised by the government , as occurs with most other orders .
0	in 1990 he was elected as prime-minister of lower saxony .
0	lettuce and vinegar are not used in a greek salad .
0	it runs through the centre of berlin .
0	phyllis levin , a historian had described her as `` a woman of narrow views and formidable determination '' .
0	that second book , the firm , became the bestselling novel of 1991 .
0	note : all dates are about at 841 bc .
0	the hardingfele is used for dancing .
0	the lookouts were an american punk rock band from 1985 to 1990 .
0	the philosophiae naturalis principia mathematica was a trilogy written by isaac newton and published on july 5 , 1687 .
0	the sigil of baphomet is also the official logo of the church of satan .
0	through the haber-bosch process .
0	priory of st mary 's , bushmead , founded .
0	he is best known as an educator of poor children , and being for conscientious objection .
0	richard corliss of time magazine , praised the movie for its intelligent story about prejudice .
0	dreamworks has made more than ten films which have made more than $ 100 million .
0	the list of bridges is a link page for any bridge .
0	the disney animation movie , the lion king , is dedicated to him .
0	many people in the street saw the crash .
0	by this time barbirolli was conductor of the new york philharmonic .
0	standard time can also be used to mean the time without daylight saving time .
0	they recorded only one studio album , called never mind the bollocks - here 's the sex pistols .
0	al jazeera brought a new level of freedom of speech in television to the middle east .
0	liberation theology is a movement within the theology of christianity .
0	it was shown on broadway starting in 1982 .
0	for people as decoration flowers have long been admired and used by humans .
0	games have the notation { l|r } .
0	hoeilaart is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
0	forsyth county has one of the fastest growing populations of any county in the united states .
0	ink stone the ink stone is used to rub the solid ink stick into liquid ink .
0	it is also known for its huge outdoor market , the seventh-kilometer market .
0	the city has a population of 26,000 people .
0	it is near pico rivera , santa fe springs , la habra and la mirada .
0	it was the capital of waset , the fourth upper egyptian nome .
0	people in bolivia like playing football , and football , which is often played in the street .
0	some early examples are the idylls of theocritus , and the eclogues of virgil .
0	he also made notable contributions to analytic geometry and probability .
0	his lands were given to his cousin ferdinand of styria .
0	president américo thomaz was forced to replace him with marcelo caetano on september 27 , 1968 .
0	the footballteam is playing in the allianz arena .
0	the ninth symphony was performed at a concert on may 7 , 1824 .
0	rise of a hero is a fantasy book that was written in 2005 by hilari bell .
0	politics corsica is currently governed almost as any other région of france .
0	secretariat : controls all activities .
0	there are a few rules the set and the operations must satisfy to qualify as a ring .
0	he holds the record for most wins with 1,244 .
0	christian won but abyss took the title belt .
0	it was released in the us on november 24 , 2006 .
0	it was a 1988 booker prize finalist , eventually losing to peter carey 's oscar and lucinda .
0	users automatically get access into the autoconfirmed/established users group when their account is four days old .
0	minamoto no yoritomo granted title of shogun , thereby officially establishing the first shogunate in the history of japan .
0	history skokie was named niles centre in 1888 .
0	she will also star in open graves , a horror-thriller movie about a satanic game .
0	hovell 's discovery of coal during his visit to western port was also important .
0	in the 1630s , it was turned into pasture by the dutch , who called it noortwyck .
0	the eruption also completely destroyed the rifugio sapienza , on the southern flank of the volcano .
0	early political career nixon was elected to the house of representatives in 1946 .
0	churchill makes his `` blood , tears , toil and sweat '' speech to the house of commons .
0	she was famous first as the lead singer of r & b girl group destiny 's child .
0	some more names are like ila , bharati , mahi , and hotra .
0	they are in the nose .
0	at the young age of eight , mercury was sent to a boarding school in india .
0	the nutcracker then changes into a prince .
0	she spent months in a wheelchair and kept singing to pay her hospital bills .
0	scene 4 wotan and loge tease alberich .
0	the band were nominated for the british breakthrough act award at the 2005 brit awards .
0	he split apart from khans of the golden horde , trying to establish his own state .
0	they grow a flared lip on their shells upon reaching sexual maturity .
0	in 1982 , lu moved to the united states , and lived in the state of washington .
0	the beast 's body is covered in blue fur .
0	according to manetho , menes reigned 62 years and was killed by a hippopotamus .
0	the corsican language is very important for the corsican culture , becaue is really rich in proverbs .
0	foucault joined the french communist party from 1950 to 1953 .
0	they are from the family trochilidae .
0	hercules says sorry and the two head to rescue alcmene .
0	the killers are an american rock band from las vegas , nevada .
0	he was buried at the side of his wife in the mainz cemetery .
0	the first winner of the victoria cross for australia is sas trooper mark donaldson .
0	the heat created from the burning is converted into electrical energy that is then provided to local communes .
0	it is the capital of the yvelines département .
0	for most of his three-decade rule , indonesia experienced significant economic growth and industrialization .
0	then it was changed to mariah baxter , then to raven baxter when raven symone won the part .
0	he is also a professor of composition at the royal academy of music .
0	in total the band has been in over 40 us-states , even hawaii .
0	in the series , he played angel , a vampire with a soul .
0	he was from damghan in iran .
0	as a result , candice suffered a cracked clavicle and phoenix retained the title .
0	they tended the garden and could eat from any tree except the tree of knowledge .
0	aylesbury was a major market town in anglo-saxon times .
0	many christians and jews were persecuted , because it was against their beliefs to worship the emperor .
0	he defeated president megawati sukarnoputri .
0	talagang tehsil is one of the largest tehsils in south asia as it contains 102 villages .
0	gameplay kirby 's adventure is a platform game .
0	mennonite central committee provides disaster relief around the world alongside their long-term international development programs .
0	their feet have very long bones .
0	he owns the miss universe pageant .
0	futabasaurus was a plesiosaur from the late cretaceous .
0	his mother , catherine of valois was then only twenty years old .
0	history nhk was founded in 1926 , based on the bbc radio company in the united kingdom .
0	records mick mills holds the record for ipswich league appearances .
0	this helps to ensure theological precision and orthodoxy .
0	in endosymbiosis , the symbiont lives either in the intracellular space of the host or extracellularly .
0	the use of complementary colours is an important aspect of art and graphic design .
0	molasses is a by-product of sugar canes or sugar beets being turned into sugar .
0	he later reported four more moons , which turned out to be spurious .
0	soviet union 's choreography schools produced internationally famous dancers such as mikhail baryshnikov .
0	reading the contract , hurley motioned for gaedel to take his place in the batter 's box .
0	there was an important pearling industry from the 1860s until about 1970 .
0	toy story 2 is a 1999 computer-generated animation movie and the sequel to toy story .
0	she was born in saratoga county , new york .
0	hitler is often considered to be the first national leader to advocate nonsmoking .
0	twelve is a number .
0	they were later joined by two friends joe byrne and steve hart .
0	some memory cards hold more files than others .
0	the natural history museum , london .
0	it was first called the commonwealth bureau of census and statistics , and began on december 8 1905 .
0	kyoto : the old capital , 794-1869 .
0	berries range in color from bright red , through dark purple , and into the blues .
0	shelokhonov received the title of honorable actor of russia in 1979 .
0	the eighty years ' war between the netherlands and spain ended .
0	kangaroo rats are small rodents from north and central america .
0	hurricane erika was a atlantic hurricane that hit extreme northeastern mexico near the texas-tamaulipas border .
0	the next year barris began the newlywed game .
0	on may 7th , 1945 , dönitz allowed the german army to surrender at rheims before general eisenhower .
0	de ruyter fought the english in the three anglo-dutch wars and scored several huge victories .
0	documentaries , news and sports shows are not called reality shows .
0	britain and venezuela accepted the decision of the tribunal in 1899 .
0	the show aired on television from october 5 , 2000 until may 15 , 2007 .
0	larix speciosa yunnan larch .
0	the 1994 formula one season was the 45th edition of the championship .
0	august 22 - battle of the standard between david i of scotland and the english .
0	this organization was called the league of nations .
0	any dead cell touching exactly three alive neighbours becomes alive .
0	nahum m. sarna , understanding genesis .
0	history sion really started to develop during the time when celts were big .
0	the district got its name because it is in the valleys of the rivers ruhr and ennepe .
0	he won the pulitzer prize for his work reporting the news from nazi germany .
0	who plays football football is the world 's most popular sport .
0	bodhisattvas are often considered metaphors for buddhist virtues .
0	their feet have webbing between all four toes .
0	grants of land are also awarded to individuals and companies to help develop unused land in relatively unpopulated countries .
0	developer the current developer is eugene roshal , while his brother alexander roshal is helping with the business .
0	sabana larga is a dominican municipal district of comendador in the elías piña province .
0	she was born in los angeles , california .
0	de panne is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
0	history origins and foundation the early history of teotihuacán is still debated .
0	the internet archive makes the collections available at no cost to researchers , historians , and scholars .
0	the first game to feature espn integration was mvp 06 ncaa baseball .
0	honours bobby robson was given several honours for his contributions to football .
0	bernissart is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	he recently acted in the independent film manhattan minute .
0	german east africa was captured by the british during world war i and its name was changed to tanganyika .
0	the two men worked together until marx 's death in 1883 .
0	spines are used by plants to protect themselves from herbivores .
0	the 5-petalled flowers are yellow , tiny , in 2 's or 3 's in the leaf axils .
0	the rise of designer babies and parental selection for specific traits raises a number of ethical and legal issues .
0	shape and size the angle that an erect penis makes varies from one man to another .
0	organization phi beta kappa national education association honors 1999 outstanding teacher preparation candidate at central washington university .
0	beryllium is an alkaline earth metal .
0	an adult is about 1.8 m in length and weighs 90-120 kg .
0	they were widely used throughout east asia .
0	esperance 's main industries are tourism , fishing and agriculture .
0	it was directed by brian de palma .
0	the islands cluster into three groups .
0	in the mid-1950s , he worked at warsaw university and at the university of hamburg .
0	battle of bennington - british forces are defeated by american troops .
0	he was the main actor in the left behind movie series and in fireproof .
0	ginsberg died in 1997 of liver cancer .
0	kites have long wings and weak legs .
0	j.h . reid : heinrich böll .
0	römhild is a german city in the south of thuringia .
0	polygyny is the most common though .
0	a three-dimensional object rotates around a line called an axis .
0	there are four subspecies of eastern wallaroo : the eastern wallaroo found across australia the euro , also widespread .
0	cultivars are used as ornamental plants .
0	the genus leptinotarsa contains more than 30 kinds of beetle .
0	the moraine was made during the last ice age .
0	the following is the state by state population count as of the july 1 , 2006 estimate .
0	this is because there were many arab tribes that became christians since the first century .
0	economy the main economic activity of the municipality is farming .
0	from 1775 until 1781 , the americans fought great britain in the american revolutionary war .
0	eldest is the second book in the inheritance cycle written by christopher paolini in 2005 .
0	he was born in berlin and started in politics by becoming the town councillor in magdeburg .
0	she was a cousin to anne boleyn , the second wife of henry viii .
0	there are wide , shallow valleys , and many granite rocks .
0	impact jerry never came near land during its lifespan , and no damage or deaths were reported .
0	apollo is the god of light , dance , music , and medicine .
0	it launched on july 16 , 1969 , carrying three astronauts neil armstrong , buzz aldrin and michael collins .
0	orlando became a city in 1875 .
0	antimony is used in flame-proofing , paints , ceramics , enamels , many different alloys , electronics and rubber .
0	location the island is 65 kilometres north-west of townsville , on the east coast of queensland , australia .
0	he fought king edward i , and then his son , king edward ii .
0	the old religion was quickly restored by tutankhamun , akhenaten 's son by his wife kiya .
0	in 1870 , the stevens institute of technology was created at castle point , the highest point in hoboken .
0	bryan konietzko is the co-creator and executive producer of the animated series avatar : the last airbender .
0	he died from tuberculosis .
0	many disasters happened in the city during the 19th century .
0	the blue canton and a star is for the state itself .
0	in the 18th century , poole was one of the biggest ports in england .
0	he likes his black and white furry top hat , which he once lost .
0	it is a group dance and has a 6/8 or 3/4 meter .
0	habitat the crown-of-thorns lives in the warmer areas of the pacific ocean , indian ocean , and red sea .
0	early life mary boleyn was the daughter of thomas boleyn and elizabeth howard .
0	the introduction of the term to describe literature , transferred from psychology , is attributed to may sinclair .
0	johanna soprano a beautiful girl , todd 's daughter .
0	baker took up acting first as a hobby , then professionally .
0	in 2000 , the population was 33,603 .
0	the venus of berekhat ram was found on the golan heights .
0	other websites virtual museum of komitas vardapet biography # 1 some songs in .
0	it followed the same format as the british version .
0	konz is a city in germany .
0	wintour supports young fashion designers and is sometimes called `` nuclear wintour '' because of her demanding personality .
0	it can be embedded into a website easily .
0	it is a stream of electrons in a vacuum tube .
0	a mini-game is a small video game found in a bigger video game .
0	in 1977 , the newly elected parti québécois government of rené lévesque introduced the charter of the french language .
0	many of the refugees were accepted by new zealand .
0	agnew is the only u.s. vice president in history to leave office because of criminal charges .
0	these demons were originally storm demons .
0	the indianapolis colts are a american football team in indianapolis , indiana .
0	sport the english football team won the world cup in 1966 .
0	colours and crest one of ipswich town 's nicknames is the blues .
0	her parents were mary wollstonecraft , a feminist , and william godwin , a philosopher .
0	january 10 - archbishop of canterbury william laud executed for treason on tower hill , london .
0	french army uses grenadiers .
0	northwest emerged from bankruptcy protection on may 31 , 2007 .
0	other games organised by the association include rounders , gaelic handball .
0	he was the winner of the nobel prize for literature in 1972 .
0	the clock alone weighs about 5 tons .
0	there are 39 comuni in the province .
0	king william the conqueror said he owned all the land in england .
0	all the profits from the concert were given to charity .
0	the kori salamander , hynobius yangi , is a kind of salamander found in southeastern south korea .
0	he retired later that year .
0	her mother was a lifeguard and had taught jessica to swim before she could walk .
0	when jin awakens , the house and everything around it is burned to the ground .
0	oak lawn is a village in cook county , illinois , usa .
0	his most typical works are skillful pictures of the people and landscape under the spanish sun .
0	underwear are clothes worn under other clothes , often next to the skin .
0	stories tells that while people became christians , they started to hate kalevas sons who remained pagans .
0	the water can be safely drunk from almost any point in the lake .
0	music video the song was used in dragonforce 's first music video .
0	in marvel comics , benjamin `` ben '' parker , usually called uncle ben was spider-man ’ s uncle .
0	but that became irrelevant upon hitler 's rise to power .
0	the story says that the narrator is male .
0	she was born near morristown , new jersey on july 25 , 1775 .
0	gorbachev ’ s preferred candidate , former premier nikolai ryzhkov , got only 16 % of the vote .
0	the raw xv : 15th anniversary dvd was also sold that had the best moments in raw history .
0	on the night of july 6 , 1892 , rizal was secretly arrested four days after its creation .
0	there are four official languages in switzerland : german , french , italian , and romansh .
0	christians have sung songs without music since the earliest days of the church .
0	this incinerator is equipped with a catalytic converter , something that reduces harmful gases to below unacceptable levels .
0	swilling was a confederate soldier during the civil war .
0	early life johns was born in cornwall , england around 1826 : his father thomas johns was a blacksmith .
0	the show ended with the episode , `` unending '' on march 13 , 2007 .
0	the governor of louisiana is piyush `` bobby '' jindal .
0	he won a nobel peace prize for it in 1906 .
0	anglican use of the hail mary anglo-catholics also employ the hail mary in devotional practice .
0	type-a plugs only mate with type-a receptacles , and type-b with type-b .
0	it is located at 1001 north alameda street , near olvera street .
0	he soon left his sinful life , and began wanting to be a missionary .
0	the parliament of the united kingdom .
0	despite stegosaurus 's size , its brain was small : no larger than that of a dog 's .
0	she is also a former winner of playmate of the year , which is chosen by hugh hefner .
0	the have been published since 1954 and have sold over 100 million copies in 41 languages .
0	in 2006 , stephen harper became the 22nd prime minister of canada .
0	the largest city in cameroon is douala .
0	in 2005 , 22 % of the commuters took the airport express to and from the airport .
0	the larger parties must respond to these opinions , and sometimes the larger parties copy ideas from third parties .
0	middle ages in the middle ages , kite shields were commonly used .
0	booth made his own stage debut at age seventeen in baltimore , appearing in richard iii .
0	description asianux centos community-supported distribution that to be compatible with red hat enterprise linux without proprietary software .
0	a brake is a device for slowing or stopping a moving machine part .
0	three men are running along the riverside , one of them stops to take a drink from the river .
0	the us agrees to transfer control of the canal to panama at the end of the 20th century .
0	geography botswana is bordered by the countries of zimbabwe , south africa and namibia .
0	they trap him in the cockpit and throw grenades .
0	at least one member had to be french and one a native of the saar .
0	some of the pupils became painters : bernardino luini , giovanni antonio boltraffio and marco d'oggione .
0	asia may 5 - kublai khan becomes ruler of the mongol empire .
0	the seventh-day adventists and other churches disagree with some of these views .
0	marshes are critically important wildlife habitat , often serving as breeding grounds for a wide variety of animal life .
0	lopukhina conspiracy at the russian court .
0	from november 1418 to 1420 he was a subdeacon at cambrai cathedral .
0	partners or coworkers in a profession , business , or a common workplace .
0	they became important during the industrial revolution , when many worked in factories and mines .
0	many developments took place .
0	by the end of 2003 , stefanie had sold over 7,000,000 copies in asia with just seven albums .
0	the city also has a petrochemical industry .
0	laws of form grew out of the author 's work in electronic engineering .
0	vince agreed but insisted that wcw would eventually meet its demise when all was said and done .
0	angel has a television program on the american network a & e called criss angel mindfreak .
0	mayotte , an island in the indian ocean , which was detached from comoros in 1976 .
0	there is also a small old catholic parish and an episcopal church .
0	the study of these problems is called rheumatology .
0	however , the united states continued to use its old length units for surveying purposes .
0	even as we speak , envious time aetas : carpe diem quam minimum credula postero .
0	although he was intelligent , he was only a boy of ten when he took the throne in 1547 .
0	businesses have hired armed militias to have security .
0	pds about 11,600 people were members .
0	nikodinov now skates professionally with stars on ice .
0	it first appeared in trial transcripts during the inquisition of the knights templar in the early 1300s .
0	tolstoy and dostoevsky were considered by many critics as the greatest novelists ever .
0	sutton was born in utica , new york and raised in russell , kansas .
0	translated by solomon gandz .
0	the newspaper has a liberal outlook .
0	these meristems are responsible for primary growth , or an increase in length or height .
0	the danube crosses the district in its westernmost part from south to north .
0	the gnu general public license is the same but is about software .
0	sark is one of the channel islands .
0	protarchaeopteryx was a small feathered dinosaur from china .
0	none of the singles made the top 40 .
0	it was released in the united kingdom on november 24 , 2006 .
0	he published two more novels , o , how the wheel becomes it !
0	like other `` white '' butterflies it hibernates as a pupa .
0	joubert has had an up-and-down career .
0	the territory of baden-baden is inherited by the margrave of baden-durlach , forming baden .
0	some of those copies are enlarged versions of the original work , while others have somewhat different proportions .
0	he spends most of his free time playing video games , eating and watching television .
0	it is the eighth most abundant mineral in the earth 's crust .
0	they are small herbaceous plants .
0	lovendegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
0	he said blood flowed through the heart in two loops .
0	it was started when the general baptists and particular baptists came together in 1891 .
0	great war fiction commentary from a resident of juniper hill—the real village of “ lark rise ” .
0	dodgeball : a true underdog story is a comedy movie from 2004 , released by 20th century fox .
0	these minerals are essential to human metabolism .
0	there are , three levels of officers of arms : kings of arms , heralds , and pursuivants .
0	it is known from an opalised teeth frgament , with one premolar and two molars in situ .
0	he joined the french resistance .
0	bergdietikon is a municipality of the district baden in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
0	kane surprised chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage .
0	it flows through the cities la châtre , châteauroux and loches .
0	charles i dissolves parliament .
0	the $ 13 billion compares to the u.s. gross domestic product of $ 41 billion in 1949 .
0	grendel runs to his home in the marshes , where he dies .
0	they have 56 main offices located in cities throughout the usa .
0	some historians like h m seervai and ayesha jalal say that jinnah wanted a united south asia .
0	in 1995 , pohjola moved to new york city and became a part of the downtown jazz scene .
0	the gospel of john , traditionally the apostle john , son of zebedee .
0	species list this list is in chronological order by genus .
0	an average-size star will then shed its outer layers as a `` planetary nebula '' .
0	king alfonso vi of castile establishes latin liturgy in catholic church in place of mozarabic rite .
0	history robert hooke discovered cells in 1663 .
0	continued strengthening that afternoon brought lorenzo to hurricane strength , less than seven hours after being named .
0	also her twin nieces are called millie and melody .
0	this digging was finished by benito mussolini in the 1930s .
0	avery county is part of the high council of governments .
0	st. michael and gudula cathedral is the cathedral in brussels .
0	as a joke , they called it the 'gran vía ' or 'great road ' .
0	the problem was with flash memory management and fixed remotely from earth on feb 6th .
0	in 1982 , he started singing in the helsinki cathedral boy choir , cantores minores .
0	east midlands airport is situated between the three main cities of derby , leicester and nottingham .
0	the parliaments of ireland and england met for the first time .
0	he was born in london , the illegitimate son of the composer samuel wesley and his partner sarah suter .
0	sindian is the tongyong pinyin spelling of the city 's name .
0	arthur is a canadian/american children 's television series , based on a series of books written by marc brown .
0	on august 22 1485 , henry 's army defeated richard iii 's army at the battle of bosworth .
0	it causes urticaria and potentially serious upper gastrointestinal symptoms .
0	some translate games from one language to another .
0	form of address most reigning grand dukes were called royal highness .
0	verbs that do not take an object are called intransitive verbs .
0	their best known songs are `` the letter '' and `` cry like a baby '' .
0	aluminium is a very good conductor of electricity and heat .
0	top chef is a television reality competition show .
0	eight years later , congress passed an act establishing the smithsonian institution .
0	its tail feathers brushed his face .
0	a political faction could be described as a “ party within a party ” .
0	french , the fourth most-common language , is spoken mainly by the native french , haitian or french-canadian populations .
0	in modern politics , a state is an association which has control over a geographic area or territory .
0	appearance keeping with the animation style of south park , kyle is created from simple geometrical shapes .
0	zonhoven is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg .
0	europe the people of dacia revolt against the sarmatian tribe of iazyges who had enslaved them .
0	a month later the apartment she was staying in was wrecked by explosions .
0	vice admiral russ shalders is the current chief of navy , since 2005 .
0	they are signed to the island records label and are managed by prestige management .
0	the minnesota river was formed after the last ice age in north america .
0	the couple were married 14 november 1894 .
0	another version called need for speed : most wanted : 5-1-0 was released for the playstation portable .
0	he also played over 100 roles on stage .
0	a nearby city called st. anthony then joined with minneapolis .
0	his most notable accomplishments include the 1949 pennsylvania intercity golden gloves championship in the heavyweight division .
0	after returning to british india , he became involved in politics in his native bengal .
0	the language spoken there is spanish .
0	failure to secure funding for a new stadium caused the team to move .
0	he was born in needham , massachusetts .
0	because of this , richard takes kahlan to his best friend , zedd .
0	over time , numbers can have a much more meaning to the player and fans .
0	the density of carbon fiber is also much lower than the density of steel .
0	st. stephan 's cathedral is a baroque cathedral .
0	there are no fixed rules about granting modern coats of arms .
0	she died on 22 may 1943 .
0	the mountains are divided into the western alps and the eastern alps .
0	tewo tsunaide only did slightly better than my lover , peaking at # 50 .
0	flores took the raiders for their second super bowl win against philadelphia eagles 27 10 in super bowl xv .
0	the albanian language is a indo-european language .
0	it is the cultural center of the arab world and a major international financial , banking and media center .
0	many cathedrals have gargoyles .
0	the gujin tushu jicheng , an immense chinese encyclopedia , is printed using movable copper type .
0	in the 2001 census , the population of the borough was 233,700 .
0	it was founded in 1923 .
0	it belongs to the northwest-iranian group of the iranian language branch of the indo-european language family .
0	he was descended , through his mother , from the alcmaeonid family .
0	the cathedral was founded in 1004 by the emperor henry ii , and was consecrated in 1012 .
0	there he associated with utopian socialists .
0	this changed over the years .
0	about 10 % of the inhabitants of extremadura might use linex .
0	then came the invasion of the lombards , and rome had to take care of itself .
0	the 1957 formula one season was the 8th of the championship .
0	russian serfdom was abolished in 1861 .
0	athens is a city in and the county seat of limestone county , alabama .
0	the players hit the ball with their hands as in volleyball .
0	this unit of length later became known as the ångström , å .
0	a mail collar worn around the neck was called a pixane or standard .
0	its capital is carson city .
0	salem is a city in essex country , in massachusetts .
0	droopy dog is a cartoon character created by tex avery for metro-goldwyn-mayer cartoon studio in 1943 .
0	the next release is codenamed `` squeeze '' .
0	usually it is grown for its strong flavour , which is due to its content of thymol .
0	daegu has a famous herbal medicine market .
0	montes taurus is a mountainous region on the moon .
0	this tribe has rituals and rites of passage surrounding manhood which involve frequent ejaculation through fellatio .
0	spandau was surrendered to the swedes in 1634 .
0	the five-dollar note was printed in 1967 , after the public were used to decimal currency .
0	in 1878 stoker married florence balcombe , a celebrated beauty whose former suitor was oscar wilde .
0	grain production came down to 3.5 % per year between 1978 and 1990 .
0	on august 18 , 2007 , graham , age 88 , got treatment for intestinal bleeding .
0	his parents were liisa häyrynen and the composer oskar merikanto .
0	they should be categorized into stub categories .
0	it has been suggested that the ecosystems of the two basins are different .
0	poaching was rare in the soviet union , but now poaching is a major problem in the country .
0	multiplayer demo was released to public on march 15 2007 .
0	according to mythology , diana was born with her twin brother apollo on the island of delos .
0	april 21 – geraldo rivera opens al capone 's vault on live television and finds nothing .
0	in 2000 , the population was 10,677 .
0	it is located in north-western part of the district .
0	early career dushku started acting when she was 10 .
0	the national coat of arms of mexico shows an eagle , a snake , and cactus .
0	poetsch hated the habsburgs and argued that all ethnic germans should be united by a single government .
0	history the district was created in 1817 as bilsteiner kreis , in 1819 the capital was moved to olpe .
0	life even though he was a comedian , frunzik 's personal life was very sad .
0	since 2006 , the duo has appeared many times in variety shows .
0	the party rejects neoliberalism .
0	this includes electronic dance , rock or just interviews .
0	the city became a venetian possession in 1489 .
0	according 1996 estimates , it has a population of 49,648 .
0	four is also the second square number after one .
0	the author , august friedrich kellner , was a justice inspector in the courthouse in mainz .
0	it was founded with new college , oxford .
0	it was updated again to include new scientific developments .
0	it has a population of 338 people .
0	history the county was made in 1792 from mecklenburg county .
0	the sassanid era is considered to be one of the most important and influential historical periods in iran .
0	this classification has been revised several times in the last few decades .
0	additionally , he has been a guest lecturer at many conservatories in scandinavia .
0	the slavs started to move here in the 5th century .
0	tran hung dao leads vietnamese forces in victory over an invading yuan dynasty mongol army .
0	it is on the peloponnese peninsula .
0	she can be seen in a brief walk-on in the 1935 movie becky sharp .
0	the marriage ended in divorce and rowling moved to edinburgh , scotland .
0	comments influenced by balochi .
0	the capital of british columbia is victoria .
0	binary stars are important in astrophysics because looking at their orbits allows scientists to find out their masses .
0	the slovak climate is temperate , with warm summers and cloudy , cold and humid winters .
0	they called the port menestheus 's port .
0	the name of saint nicholas , is now remembered in many countries as santa claus .
0	television work after moving to los angeles , whedon got his first writing job on the television series roseanne .
0	november 10 - the people 's republic of china became a member of the world trade organization .
0	these people live in a futuristic dormitory/laboratory named the `` dollhouse '' .
0	karen did n't like the glockenspiel and asked her band director if she could play the drums instead .
0	heine continued to comment on german politics and society from a distance .
0	he is known as `` the father of microbiology '' .
0	guccio gucci designed many of the company 's famous clothes .
0	august 26 - battle of st. jakob an der birs in the old zürich war .
0	he became king after the death of his father edward vii .
0	in 1758 , the british attacked new france by sea and captured the french fort at louisbourg .
0	dr. yunus has been awarded 26 honorary doctorate degrees , and 15 special awards .
0	the capital is tirana .
0	some report that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
0	they knew ned and dan were hiding in the wombat ranges north of mansfield .
0	has the lowest career goals against average tied with alex connell .
0	advance wars is a video game for the game boy advance .
0	the american influence in alice springs comes from pine gap , a us satellite tracking station .
0	sun tzu or sun zi was a chinese mathematician of the third century ce .
0	in 1802 , turner travelled around europe , visiting france and switzerland .
0	the largest building that was built by darius , is the new capital of persepolis , near pasargadae .
0	it can increase fertility during sexual intercourse .
0	reclus died at torhout , near bruges .
0	the airport has 800 takeoffs and landings per day .
0	italy bottarga is the salted and dried roe pouch of gray mullet .
0	hylands house and park , west of the town , is an old country house .
0	he died in los angeles , california while deep-sea fishing .
0	they are often the subject of netsuke carvings .
0	these countries include belgium , switzerland , canada , senegal , algeria , and morocco .
0	she recently appeared on later with jools holland where she performed the song new romantic .
0	bearded dragons come in many colors , like brown , grey , reddish-brown , and even orange .
0	mochitsuki is a traditional mochi-making ceremony in japan .
0	they will leave the newborn out for 4–5 weeks .
0	ophelia is the daughter of polonius .
0	karen allen as marion ravenwood .
0	it is also known as wadadli , which means approximately `` our own '' .
0	at that time the word great meant big .
0	sewing is stitching cloth , leather , furs , or other materials , using a needle and thread .
0	compilation volumes of the manga have sold over 39 million copies in japan .
0	he was also not very well known in america , and not many people were interested in his music .
0	hiley , western plainchant pp .
0	it is a classic of english literature .
0	he is best known for his work on the microscope .
0	the mummy : tomb of the dragon emperor is a 2008 american adventure movie .
0	many important people went to the funeral , like chancellor willy brandt , and the minister of transport .
0	the high schools , as well as the library , have gotten big awards from the whole country .
0	melina , however , aligned herself with hennigan , who later changed his ring name to johnny nitro .
0	flavian ii , patriarch of antioch , is deposed and replaced with severus .
0	some of the city wall has been kept and is now under protection .
0	clapham junction railway station is a railway station located in battersea in the london borough of wandsworth .
0	pak came from an undistinguished local branch of goryeong bak descent group .
0	she threw flowers into the audience and was always fanning herself .
0	biography eddie schneider was born in 1911 in manhattan in new york city .
0	a general out-patient clinic is a clinic offering treatment without an overnight stay .
0	the accession of romania to the european union happened on january 1 , 2007 .
0	the name was given to stevens by the person who founded subud , a spiritual community .
0	anglican priest john wesley changed the thirty-nine articles for use by american methodists in the 18th century .
0	fhm magazine : its history fhm was sold from emap to bauer in december 2007 .
0	because of this they came to love each other .
0	on june 25 , 1950 , north korea started the korean war .
0	the chapel is a part of the eisenhower library in abilene , kansas .
0	admitted breaking the treaty of versailles .
0	it flows through the city of karachi from north east to the centre before flowing into the arabian sea .
0	due to her poor health , she could not function well as the first lady of the united states .
0	his music pachelbel is best known for his organ music .
0	ownership is essential for the development of the capitalist socio-economic system .
0	he was a son of king edward the elder and edgiva of kent .
0	parades are held for many reasons , but are usually for celebrations of some kind .
0	bowell resigned at the end of the parliamentary session .
0	in many places such as ueno park , temporary paper lanterns are hung to have yozakura .
0	in almost every house in finland they have a sauna .
0	his government also directed several massacres , the most famous being on the island of jeju .
0	spanish forces under sancho de avila defeat the rebel forces of louis of nassau .
0	he first performed the song at the mtv video music awards in august 2002 .
0	the stern is the rear part of a ship or boat .
0	model 85 was a computer of the ibm system/360 product line .
0	they formed in mesa , arizona in 1994 .
0	st. maxius is the only abbot-bishop known by name .
0	then , tyr 's opponent will be garm , the guard dog of hel .
0	the mongol empire invades the bessarabia region of moldavia .
0	in the eastern ukraine , the soviet army initiates a major offensive .
0	it is a unesco world heritage site .
0	album pages are almost always one-sided pages .
0	oklahoma is a large producer of natural gas , oil and food .
0	it was released on july 7 , 2006 .
0	germany , austria , bulgaria and turkey were also banned from the 1920 summer olympics .
0	she was his third wife , and became his favorite .
0	stellar evolution is the study of how a star changes over time .
0	for almost 45 years , it was a part of many newspapers across north america .
0	quévy is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	schuschnigg resigned as chancellor that evening .
0	cortes was born medellín , extremadura province , in the kingdom of castile in spain .
0	using a battery-backed write cache can solve this problem , but only in a power failure scenario .
0	it is located in the north-west frontier province and is the capital of lakki marwat district .
0	they were among the first western students of the 16th karmapa .
0	with a budget of $ 175 million , the movie earned $ 88 million at u.s. theaters .
0	it includes local musicians and international pop rock musicians .
0	in a sun-dappled forest two men are searching for buried treasure .
0	dalrymple named the strait after torres .
0	he was born on october 26 , 1973 , in a connecticut town named kent .
0	he was born in atlanta , georgia , usa .
0	references the complete gods and goddesses of ancient egypt , richard h. wilkinson .
0	french authorities have banned the use of water from the respective rivers for drinking and watering of crops .
0	sentences have different purposes : a declarative sentence , or declaration , is the most common type of sentence .
0	she went to norwich high school for girls and then studied music at the university of cambridge .
0	in october he was charged with having taken bribes a little more than $ 100,000 while in office .
0	the mendelssohn family added the name of bartholdy to their name at this time .
0	glau had first worked for whedon on an episode of angel .
0	paul simon is the first major artist to tour south africa after the end of the cultural boycott .
0	throughout the history of china , chinese culture has been influenced by confucianism .
0	powder mills for making black powder or smokeless powder were sometimes water-powered .
0	he became rear admiral in control of cruiser division 3 in 1939 .
0	the first recorded reference of cricket dates back to 1272 .
0	the hudson motor car company was an american automobile manufacturer , founded in detroit , michigan in 1909 .
0	princeton opened in 1746 as `` the college of new jersey '' .
0	at the lower ruwer valley are the villages waldrach , kasel , mertesdorf , eitelsbach and ruwer .
0	events castle of carimate destroyed .
0	pope benedict ix sells the papacy to pope gregory vi .
0	the building was changed by vespasian 's younger son , emperor domitian .
0	the biggest lake is dukan .
0	the northern divisional offices of cork county council are in the town .
0	aichtal is a town in the district of esslingen , in baden-württemberg , germany .
0	carl wilhelm scheele was the first who could extract citric acid from lemons , in 1782 .
0	agha petros had no real influence over assyrians or armenians , and was not trusted by many of them .
0	it is the most expensive precious metal .
0	in addition , over 500,000 copies were sold within a week in china .
0	history overijssel was formerly known as oversticht .
0	many republicans were arrested when they came out of hiding and returned home .
0	it is one of the five rivers which give punjab its name .
0	uses the city is the administrative , communications and economic center of madagascar .
0	part of cardiff is built on reclaimed marshland .
0	in 1936 padrón made and wrote for the newspaper unidad nacional .
0	there was a fight when constable hall tried to arrest him .
0	in 2004 , the game was re-released for the nintendo ds as super mario 64 ds .
0	there are many different types of memory cards .
0	romana appears in independent charity novel time 's champion , in the role of president of the time lords .
0	he worked in laubach as the chief justice inspector in the district court .
0	the diplom was first awarded when the technische hochschulen became a university .
0	then it drops much more in about 25 kilometers to the sea of galilee .
0	allen writes and directs his movies and has also acted in most of them .
0	he is currently being treated for a malignant brain tumor .
0	it was also at this time that german immigrants became the main group in hoboken .
0	on june 16 1883 183 children died .
0	big black was an american noise rock band .
0	government catawba county is part of the local western piedmont council of governments .
0	approximately 8,000 criminal formations operate in the country .
0	it joined the association of american universities in 1925 .
0	phoenix is the capital city of the u.s. state of arizona .
0	rose is the color halfway between red and magenta on the color wheel .
0	the source is a fictional character in the television series charmed .
0	matthew perry and the opening of japan .
0	these employees are not currently protected by the u.s. federal courts .
0	visual stimuli are considered elegant if a small number of colors and stimuli are used .
0	history dysprosium was first identified in paris in 1886 by french chemist paul émile lecoq de boisbaudran .
0	north america - lake superior .
0	it is the second largest retail group in the world in terms of revenue and sales figures after wal-mart .
0	the club is owned by two american businessmen , george gillett and tom hicks .
0	cellulose the structural components of plants are formed primarily from cellulose .
0	afterwards , finlay told cole that little bastard 's name is hornswoggle .
0	the official language is dzongkha .
0	her parents were elliot tole lane and jane buchanan lane .
0	armen grigoryan helped the development of russian rock music .
0	this led to the development of the theory of special relativity by einstein .
0	fly to the sky recorded their sixth studio album transition in january 2006 .
0	france got the caribbean islands of guadeloupe and martinique .
0	he has put them in warehouses far away so that batman can not save both of them himself .
0	it joins the humerus of the upper arm and the radius and ulna of the forearm together .
0	kde and gnome are desktop environments .
0	he was born in peekskill , new york and grew up in sarasota , florida .
0	it manufactures textiles , leather , pottery , plastic , and other items .
0	tropical storm zeta dissipated on january 6 , 2006 .
0	by the 7th millennium bc , more developed settlements may be found in the area .
0	judges for the competition were selected from different backgrounds in society .
0	her name anna is interperating of a hebrew name hanna .
0	tecophilaea is a genus of plants in the family tecophilaeaceae .
0	he worked for another seven years to marry rachel .
0	these amino acids and small peptides could be encouraged to form closed spherical membranes , called microspheres .
0	she speaks both mandarin and korean , and has released music in both korea and china .
0	she was the daughter of king henry viii of england and his second wife , anne boleyn .
0	gardiner was an original member of the hockey hall of fame in 1945 .
0	models predict that the stable isotope of ununpentium should have 184 neutrons .
0	velma kelly in 2002 movie chicago .
0	the band was formed in 1983 by fat mike .
0	the storm became very disorganized once again that afternoon .
0	it is situated on the banks of the jhelum river , in northern pakistan kashmir region .
0	the song is n't featured in the film but is part of the official soundtrack .
0	beautiful courtesans , big sumo wrestlers and popular actors would be portrayed while doing interesting activities .
0	originally , she was paired with essa rios .
0	dempsey died in 1983 .
0	he was member of the european parliament from 1978 to 1983 .
0	this is in contrast to physiology , which deals with function .
0	he is considered to be one of the great rationalist philosophers of the 17th century .
0	wasseiges is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	the university of groningen is established .
0	his father was a lawyer , messer piero fruosino di antonio da vinci .
0	the book tells the story of two sisters olanna and kainene during the biafran war .
0	a soap bubble is a very thin film of soap water .
0	the only parts of him that still looked like a puppet were his arms and legs .
0	he became king after the death of his father edward vii .
0	many biennials require a cold treatment , before they will flower .
0	bachelors degrees , sometimes called bakkalaureus in germany , are thought of as a `` small diplom '' .
0	it was politically independent from princess anne county .
0	his most famous work is his essay the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism .
0	she was found alive on march 12 , 2003 about 20 miles from her home .
0	moorslede comprises the towns of dadizele and moorslede itself .
0	it is also an official minority language in sweden .
0	other websites edsel.com history , specifications , resources for owners .
0	magdeburg is the capital of the state of saxony-anhalt , in germany .
0	after he moved to frankfurt , he signed his prints with `` hsb '' .
0	however , the squatters refused to leave the house .
0	the classical tamil literature of that period record many practices peculiar to tamil people .
0	the clifton oyster rocks are islands located off the coast of the clifton neighbourhood of karachi , pakistan .
0	for sound , this causes the sound to become lower in pitch .
0	graduated in 1984 and in 1988 he graduated in computer science from tufts university .
0	he said it was after 4:30 am and he had just checked his daughter was sleeping .
0	he is the guitarist for the funk rock band , red hot chili peppers .
0	his name is anglo-saxon for `` stallion '' .
0	sets are collections of objects .
0	dison is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	after 2010 , this airport will be replaced by long thanh international airport .
0	about 22 million people speak the language worldwide .
0	aeschylus added a second actor , allowing for more drama ; and the chorus became less important .
0	this was changed when nelson mandela became the country 's first black president .
0	israel also controls territory in the gaza strip and on the west bank of the jordan river .
0	the discovery was announced in iauc 8817 , on 7 march 2007 by franck marchis and his imcce collaborators .
0	calakmul – one of two `` superpowers '' in the classic maya period .
0	the jays are several species of medium-sized , usually colorful and noisy birds in the crow family corvidae .
0	it came out in north america on march 9 , 2008 .
0	this is a list of countries by population .
0	it is oklahoma 's state bird .
0	it is next to the calcaneus and navicular bones .
0	the enigmatic animal opabinia regalis , middle cambrian burgess shale , british columbia .
0	kattegat is connected to the baltic sea through the danish straits and belts .
0	his blog is one of the 10 most viewed blogs .
0	jesus was baptized by john the baptist .
0	packrats are common in the deserts and higlands of the western united states and northern mexico .
0	walther von der vogelweide was a famous minnesinger in germany .
0	it happens in muscles of animals when they need lots of energy fast .
0	two major tributaries enter this last section from the east : the yarmouk river and jabbok river .
0	kiowa apache in the beginning nothing existed , darkness was all around .
0	sir malcolm sargent helped the orchestra to put on its own concerts at a cinema in north london .
0	aeschylus took part in many of these competitions in his lifetime .
0	latest figures show the population as 350,000 .
0	filderstadt is a town in the district of esslingen , in baden-württemberg , germany .
0	these areas include national security , terrorism , firearms and drugs .
0	the first recorded use of the word lavender as a color term in english was in 1705 .
0	books augee , m and gooden , b . 1993 .
0	it is also shown in the united states on the travel channel and on the w channel in australia .
0	it looks like genera from southeast asian islands and australia may be early offshoots compared to mainland forms .
0	people who followed this view include st. francis of assisi , dietrich bonhoeffer .
0	during her long career , she has reached four grand slam quarterfinals , and one grand slam semifinal .
0	since the 1960s the aral sea has been shrinking .
0	the country music hall of fame and museum is a museum that deals with the history of country music .
0	the city was founded by portugal in 1485 .
0	it alone has parliamentary sovereignty over all other political bodies .
0	four of neptune 's moons : naiad , thalassa , despina , and galatea orbit inside the ring system .
0	he accompanies himself on the mandolin .
0	the countess left her husband and went to live with liszt in geneva .
0	background baghdad was the capital of the abbasid empire .
0	it contains about 75 % of the atmosphere 's mass and almost all of its water vapor and aerosols .
0	he fought in world war ii .
0	amongst them is mimì .
0	the end of the 18th season was the 400th episode .
0	orthodox priests can be married , but they must not marry after they become a priest .
0	each year on august 23 the festival of vulcanalia is held .
0	she also wrote romance novels and theatre plays .
0	early history of the bastille the bastille was built during the hundred years ' war .
0	he wrote or edited over 500 books and about 90,000 letters .
0	her parents were william and malvina s. arthur .
0	airport travel sometimes is delayed , or slowed down , by low visibility .
0	hitler said he first became an anti-semite in vienna .
0	it was the time of the hippies , flower power and woodstock .
0	here , he finds a group of people fighting to save arachna from the attack of giant insect mutants .
0	in july 2006 , adele published two songs on the fourth issue of online arts magazine platformsmagazine.com .
0	les bons villers is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	he was killed in the same year .
0	it is one of indonesia 's major tourist destinations .
0	the neelum district is one of the eight districts of azad kashmir , pakistan .
0	it is located at the foot of the rocky mountains on the south platte river .
0	he left ukip on 27 october 2004 and started veritas on 2 february 2005 .
0	the north avenue irregulars is a 1979 movie starring edward hermann .
0	the family felt under the amnesty .
0	the population was 59,226 at the 2000 census .
0	he made 12 shutouts and has a 1.15 goals-against average .
0	wwe united states champion matt hardy was drafted to ecw .
0	israel national news `` kabbalist blesses jones : now 's the time to find holy lost ark '' .
0	she is very loyal to mal .
0	today they are present also in canada , brazil , argentina , paraguay and peru .
0	this evacuation comes almost exactly four years after the cedar fire of 2003 .
0	wikipedia is not a dictionary .
0	the third edition of the textus receptus of the bible published .
0	but the changes were not the same in every country .
0	in 2000 , dushku starred in soul survivors with her race the sun co-star casey affleck .
0	it was released on june 30 , 1977 .
0	he was a representative at the paris peace conference of 1919 .
0	composers who wrote this kind of serenade include alessandro stradella and alessandro scarlatti .
0	he is from a family of actors , like his brother , the late actor river phoenix .
0	one of the men who founded the club had taken a day trip on this ship with his father .
0	this is the sequel to the 2005 movie batman begins .
0	they hung towels from the windows of every room that they could find .
0	between 1791 and 1806 she was a premier-dancer at the royal swedish opera in stockholm .
0	it earned $ 677 million worldwide during its theatrical run .
0	it was the first in the united states .
0	according to these numbers , lithuanian per capita gdp reaches only 61 % of eu average .
0	they play in the national football league .
0	other pages delta works for another major waterworks project in the netherlands .
0	in the 1950s camus tried to improve human rights .
0	a video game console is a machine that is used to play video games .
0	the mississippi flows into the gulf of mexico .
0	juf news : nobel prize winnershave jewish , chicago connections .
0	tajiri was next to fight , but was pinned by mysterio .
0	samuel pepys began his diary .
0	jönköping is the 9th biggest city in sweden .
0	more than 170 national financial institutions and 130 insurances work in düsseldorf .
0	this definition was ratified by the eleventh general conference on weights and measures in 1960 .
0	wanze is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	the organisation is based in london , but they arrange examinations in places all over the world .
0	eisner award for best writer nine times , since 1988 .
0	zwalm is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
0	another detainee in the camp was the scientist james chadwick .
0	the angara is a river in siberia , russia , close to the jenissei .
0	this migration and origin theory is usually referred to as the single-origin theory .
0	the story about abraham is a part of the jewish , christian and islamic religions .
0	cult film director rainer werner fassbinder was a native of bad wörishofen .
0	it is a very old city with many important temples , monuments , churches and mosques .
0	he visited many countries .
0	before spain , ecuador was part of the inca empire .
0	it first appeared in western asia to describe that part of the world .
0	pornography , especially child pornography , is censored in many countries because it is seen as not moral .
0	thus the term living buddha is used to mean tulku .
0	theory exams these are written papers about musical theory .
0	being the slayer gave her increased strength , endurance , agility and healing .
0	queer duck : the movie was released on dvd july 18 , 2006 .
0	world production in 2001 was 165 million tons , worth about $ 8 billion .
0	it continued until 1857 .
0	most species do not flower until the adult leaves starts to appear .
0	the character first appeared in fantastic four # 1 in november 1961 .
0	parvati is a word in the sanskrit language that means daughter of the mountain .
0	the great seal of oklahoma is a five-pointed star in a circle .
0	the islands are a part of norway .
0	they were first described by austrian naturalist josephus nicolaus laurenti in 1768 .
0	wooden tablets have been found with writing on .
0	the novel won the somerset maugham award for fiction .
0	life cycle squirrels have sex in february and march in winter , and in june and july in summer .
0	most career victories by a professional cyclist : 525 .
0	delibes died in 1891 , and was buried in the cimetière de montmartre , paris .
0	the troops of francesco piccinino and luigi dal vermebesiege cremona , italy .
0	like most brooms , it has apparently leafless stems that in spring and summer are covered with golden-yellow flowers .
0	they divorced in 1981 .
0	the library is the oldest library in switzerland .
0	references cipolla , carlo m. fighting the plague in seventeenth century italy .
0	no human skeletons of this age have been found .
0	it was scheduled to fly from logan international airport in boston to los angeles international airport .
0	in 2006 constantine hosted another fashion show on itv called trinny & susannah undress .
0	he received the nobel prize in 1921 for physics .
0	yudhoyono became president on 20 october 2004 .
0	cape york peninsula : a natural history .
0	most of these were ordinary citizens or civilians working in the small shops set up near the bank .
0	u.s. census bureau , `` wisconsin -- gct-t1-r .
0	william and mary , did not make any more appointments to the order .
0	later , she is tricked and taken by bora of prominence to be sold as a slave .
0	since 1967 , the median household income in the united states has risen modestly , fluctuating several times .
0	hundreds of rescue workers also died when the tower collapsed .
0	the wisdom teeth are the last teeth to appear , usually at about the age of twenty .
0	hot chocolate has a lot of calories , saturated fat , and sugar .
0	the spindle fibers begin to disappear , and a nuclear membrane forms around each set of chromosomes .
0	the wort is boiled and hops are added .
0	its orbital period of 38.2 days .
0	phuc had third-degree burns to half her body and was not expected to live .
0	rogers was born in west palm beach , florida .
0	the state-recognized resort of adelsheim in the neckar-odenwald-kreis is 1,200-year years old .
0	the award was given to the best pitcher in the major leagues .
0	he also invented the binary system , foundation of virtually all modern computers .
0	under the local government act 1972 it became a parish in the borough of harrogate , north yorkshire .
0	january 3 1967 january 5 1971 republican 37 reubin o 'd .
0	in 1949 , it used telephone lines to take and receive orders .
0	the belgian prince sent a plane to bring him to belgium .
0	in 1929 julián padrón wrote for the magazine elite .
0	the game is played between two teams and each team is made up of eleven players .
0	merbes-le-château is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	events edward the elder becomes king of england .
0	he covered 49.431 km at high altitude in mexico city .
0	russian composer tchaikovsky created famous ballets such as the nutcracker .
0	the nomes remain in place for more than three millennia .
0	cascading style sheets can be used on web pages .
0	as michaels was about to submit , triple h would save the match .
0	they were made by native americans of the great plains who frequently moved from place to place .
0	they soon moved from belarus to protect themselves from the dangerous chernobyl nuclear accident .
0	fast growth also makes eucalypts suitable as windbreaks .
0	the 1990 formula one season was the 41st edition of the championship .
0	the school lets the students to join mainland and overseas cultural tours .
0	the elite class system was deleted in september , 1996 .
0	ioke was the strongest hurricane ever in the central pacific that threated the johnson atoll and wake island .
0	its official language is russian .
0	she has a crush on danny .
0	rockingham is a suburb in the city of perth , western australia .
0	the main ethnic groups of southern brazil are brazilians of portuguese , german and italian descent .
0	march 14 - cardinal barnaba chiaramonti is elected pope as pius vii .
0	oases provide a habitat for animals , sometimes even for humans .
0	after the army , he returned to the university of arkansas to work as an assistant coach .
0	both parts of the eastern mediterranean sea have a lot of islands .
0	there are other smaller valleys in the mountains : constanza , jarabacoa , bonao , villa altagracia .
0	coconut water has long been a popular drink in tropical islands especially in tropical asia and trinidad and tobago .
0	the capital is barcelona .
0	the index has 2,350 pages , which lists all the 228,274 topics written about in the britannica , .
0	the capital city is hyderabad .
0	it is located in south netherlands , some 80 km south of amsterdam .
0	no other country had a higher percentage of its people leave for the united states except ireland .
0	their second uk tour will begin in november 2006 .
0	he was hieronymus von colloredo , who was an early patron of wolfgang amadeus mozart .
0	the languages of native north america .
0	the three laws of robotics are three rules , written by isaac asimov .
0	they won the american league game pennant , replacing the previous winners , cleveland indians .
0	we shall be liberated by our own hands .
0	kournikova also played tennis for russia in the fed cup .
0	he has also worked as a character designer for the animated series family guy .
0	the first had been built about 1,500 bc .
0	since many of these languages have no written form , letters are usually written in urdu .
0	thou sittest at the hand of god in glory of the father .
0	the wreck is still at the floor of the harbor .
0	the former county now forms part of the districts of south lakeland and eden .
0	the primary symptoms are caused by tetanospasmin , a neurotoxin produced by the anaerobic bacterium clostridium tetani .
0	he died in 1947 .
0	june 18 - rebels are driven from london by loyal troops , bringing about the collapse of the rebellion .
0	it was directed by dennis dugan , and stars adam sandler .
0	its capital and largest city is strasbourg .
0	it lies about three kilometres under the ocean surface and covers thousands of square kilometres .
0	colorado state university is the main university of colorado state university system .
0	a creed is a statement or confession of belief — usually religious belief — or faith .
0	chandragupta founded the maurya dynasty .
0	released music branded `` naomi '' .
0	balsics rule of montenegro comes to an end .
0	it can eat both plants and small animals like earthworms , frogs , snakes , birds and eggs .
0	after that it was moved to a picture theatre in bankstown called the capital hall .
0	african independence movements had their fist success in 1951 when libya became the first former colony to become independent .
0	math five is the third prime number , after two and three , and before seven .
0	the music building of st hilda 's college , oxford is named after her .
0	they include three members of the amadeus quartet .
0	jurassic park iii is a 2001 motion picture and the third jurassic park movie .
0	al-safaniya , the world ’ s largest offshore oilfield is in the persian gulf .
0	it was first described by alan turing .
0	this terror regime has given itself a gruesome monument forever .
0	pierce was a dark horse candidate in the 1852 presidential election .
0	each game in the series allows players to construct their own theme parks in an objective-based level .
0	it is used to treat anxiety , insomnia , seizures , and other related symptoms .
0	linda then started weakening .
0	it is part of the north karelia region .
0	tungsten is found in several ores .
0	stanley chernicoff and donna whitney .
0	he later studied law with thomas jefferson .
0	events the county of portugal is established for the second time .
0	he is thought of as the greatest architect and sculptor of the baroque period .
0	it is the home of texas tech university .
0	boussu is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	bart simpson is a fictional character in the simpsons .
0	it is generally thought of as being more sophisticated than magazines , such as maxim or fhm .
0	its capital is pierre and largest city is sioux falls .
0	around 1839 , benjamin moved to a remote valley , north of murrurundi .
0	antananarivo is home of the university of madagascar and the collège rural d'ambatobe .
0	the basilica di santa maria del fiore or florence cathedral is the cathedral church of florence , italy .
0	treptow-köpenick is a borough of berlin , formed in 2001 by merging the former boroughs of treptow and köpenick .
0	their teeth are constantly replaced throughout their lives .
0	it is situated on the moselle river .
0	woodstock was put on by michael lang , artie kornfeld , john roberts and joel rosenman .
0	because of that the album was certified gold .
0	he performed all the time for white audiences in the 1900s .
0	in 2008 comedy central began airing episodes .
0	and according to the 2001 uk census it has a population of 12,691 .
0	after november 1943 , the icrc could send parcels to concentration camp detainees with known names and locations .
0	european explorers discover niagara falls .
0	the last trains stopped at the station on july 28 2002 .
0	diana , princess of wales was one of the most famous women in the world .
0	according 1996 estimates , it has a population of 82,690 .
0	the album has sold 5.5 million copies in the usa and over 15 million worldwide also .
0	phalla is a union council of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province , pakistan .
0	it was then shown on cbs from september 26 , 1969 , to september 11 , 1970 .
0	originally canceled in 2004 , the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent dvd sales .
0	he got back to england in 1769 .
0	reduces the risk of gonorrhea for men by approximately 71 % .
0	the movie also won oscars for best adapted screenplay and best picture .
0	the yucatán peninsula separates the caribbean sea from the gulf of mexico .
0	they have since then been published by yale university .
0	his successor was his cousin lady jane grey .
0	the crystal and the way of light .
0	this combination is often used in hindu rites .
0	a physical usb device can have several logical sub-devices that are referred to as device functions .
0	like other metropolitan cities in india , kolkata struggles with poverty , pollution and traffic congestion .
0	it is administratively subdivided into twenty four union councils of pakistan .
0	charlotte returned alone to brussels in january 1843 to be a teacher at the pensionnat .
0	he resigned and arthur griffith was elected president of dáil éireann in his place .
0	there are many different types of memory cards .
0	hindko however , is the predominant language and is spoken mostly in the west , southwest and central regions .
0	north azerbaijani is the official language of the republic of azerbaijan .
0	for the spanish painter , see diego velázquez .
0	however , the current evidence does not preclude multiregional speciation , either .
0	in the movie , the wolves are only in the beginning .
0	the wood is strong and water resistant .
0	the virginia general assembly adopted the report in january 1800 .
0	leonardo da vinci , famous for his mona lisa and other paintings , inventions , and scientific experiments .
0	often , it occurs together with major political or religious changes .
0	beethoven , for example , never became a kapellmeister .
0	biography leonid azkaldian was born on november 23 , 1942 in tbilisi , georgian ssr .
0	the reverse of evaporation is condensation .
0	the water is now called wort .
0	the have been published since 1954 and have sold over 100 million copies in 41 languages .
0	the mario kart series ' first game was super mario kart for the super nintendo entertainment system .
0	he is considered the last great master of ukiyo-e , a type of japanese painting .
0	administrative courts let people get compensation from the government for any harm caused by mistakes actions by officials .
0	a mersenne prime is a mersenne number that is a prime number .
0	history sartell started as a small town near the mississippi river .
0	mangroves another important brackish water habitat is the mangrove swamp or mangal .
0	it was the soviet sector of berlin that was established in 1945 .
0	it was called the development of capitalism in russia .
0	it was governed at first directly by its bishop .
0	henry dashwood — a wealthy gentleman who dies at the beginning of the story .
0	morgenstierne wrote that chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world .
0	in 1936 , he added lionel hampton on vibes to form the benny goodman quartet .
0	they married on 11th november 1858 .
0	in phoenix , the average temperature is about 107 degrees fahrenheit in summer .
0	american marketing methods assisted sales .
0	it replaced both the irish republic and southern ireland .
0	she was the first woman professor at the university of paris .
0	sicily is an autonomous region of italy .
0	members of the assembly are elected every five years in an election .
0	by 1619 monteverdi had published his seventh book of madrigals .
0	schleicher came up with the idea of presidential government , and the `` 25/48/53 formula '' .
0	saint-maurice is the capital of the district of saint-maurice in the canton of valais in switzerland .
0	in 1711 , são paulo became a city .
0	the validity of a visa is not the same as the authorized period of stay in the issuing country .
0	italian , friulian , slovene and german languages are spoken in the region .
0	his death happened on august 16 , 1938 , at the age of twenty-seven .
0	it is usually larger than a hamlet and smaller than a town or city .
0	he is most known for his roles as han solo from star wars and as indiana jones .
0	scientists believe that the scales are a secondary development .
0	efferent neurons transport signals from the central nervous system to the effector cells .
0	angus t. jones as jake harper , alan 's lazy and stupid son .
0	st. peter 's is probably the largest christian church in the world .
0	the sierra de bahoruco , called massif de la sellein haiti .
0	the cluny reform was an attempt to change this practice .
0	a rock is a naturally occurring mixture of minerals and/or mineraloids .
0	vielsalm is a municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
0	oudenburg is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
0	the main religion in brunei is islam .
0	the evolutionary/intentionality theory proposes that agriculture is an evolutionary adaptation of plants and humans .
0	the series was shown on cartoon network between 2003 and 2005 .
0	the band was formed in 1998 by lead vocalist benjamin burnley and drummer jeremy hummel .
0	it is often called `` the greatest church in christendom '' .
0	biography alan is the son of the late taiwanese stuntman-actor blackie ke .
0	about 200 central african republic soldiers mutinied in bangui in may 1996 .
0	djibouti is a muslim country which regularly takes part in islamic as well as arab meetings .
0	he is the only prime minister to have been dismissed by the governor-general .
0	laubach is known as a “ luftkurort , '' which means “ fresh air resort .
0	harpalyke belongs to the ananke group , believed to be the remnants of a break-up of a captured asteroid .
0	mauritania was part of the larger french colony of french west africa .
0	he also won the world cup for england in 1966 .
0	his music most of dowland 's music is for his own instrument , the lute .
0	it is to be found at the edge of the odenwald mountains and near to the river rhine .
0	he was surprised and liked the attention .
0	the smallest particles are only specks of dust while the largest are the size of a house .
0	the president of the executive branch of the government is josé luis rodríguez zapatero .
0	the attack was the deadliest act of terrorism in the history of indonesia .
0	the process of removing the hair is referred to as electrolysis .
0	steve keller in the popular 1970s television series the streets of san francisco .
0	order of the golden fleece is founded by philip iii , duke of burgundy to celebrate his marriage .
0	his name was liu bang and ji was his courtesy name .
0	spurgeon would often preach 10 times a week at different places .
0	the club 's traditional home colours are all white .
0	pneumonia can be caused by bacteria , viruses , fungi or parasites .
0	their fossils were first found in the late 1940s in asia .
0	safety razors in the late 18th century a french engineer , jean-jacques perret .
0	the seeds can also be eaten when cooked .
0	examples include the creative muvo and the ipod shuffle .
0	each team consists of six field players and one goalkeeper .
0	this is the logo in current use , and often displayed on the team 's jerseys .
0	the violins are divided into first and second violins .
0	loyalty is a devotion for someone or something .
0	some statues seem to have been destroyed in a rather methodical way .
0	the current is to stop the heartbeat , cause unconsciousness , and cause death .
0	the headmaster is currently dr ralph townsend , formerly of sydney grammar school and oundle school .
0	economy wine production and tourism are some of the main industries of the canton .
0	rulers wanted to employ the educated and centrally organized clergy in their administrations .
0	these dogs are the ancestors of the european spitz-types , such as the german spitz and schipperke .
0	public transport vilnius has a good public transportation system .
0	ben was their fourth child .
0	the old town of vilnius was inscribed on the unesco world heritage list in 1994 .
0	they are regularly caught on the coasts of sicily , italy , france and spain .
0	at the 2004 grammy awards the song won the award for best hard rock performance .
0	jansa and his staff had plans for defending austria against a german attack .
0	he was known for his honesty and integrity in delivering the news .
0	japanese clients know that nothing more can be expected .
0	the maximum population that can be supported in an area is called the carrying capacity .
0	goals of the esperanto movement zamenhof wanted to make an easy language to increase international understanding .
0	before hurricane beulah there was a tropical wave moving in the tropical atlantic .
0	the population of the city is 1,519,570 .
0	it made over $ 38 million in the united states .
0	horace joined the army .
0	similar to italian piazzas , plazas are still a center of community life , like the market-place .
0	high rhulain is a fantasy book written by brian jacques in 2005 .
0	a cache is a block of memory for storing data which is likely used again .
0	bell was born in edinburgh , scotland .
0	after world war ii , anti-british feeling spread through the arab world and led to riots in bahrain .
0	the hannity program is the second highest rated program , behind only the rush limbaugh show .
0	the accent of most of the midwest is thought by many to be `` standard '' american english .
0	it became the capital of poland in 1596 .
0	valverde is a strong climber , sprinter and time trialist .
0	the `` angels '' name is from the city that they came from : los angeles .
0	they empty into the urethra .
0	euskirchen district got the southern part of rheinbach .
0	in 2007 turkish airlines carried 19.7 million passengers .
0	the tahsil had an area of 545 square miles .
0	one was built in 1999 and the other one was built in the late 1990s .
0	a monsoon is a seasonal wind which lasts for several months .
0	many other larva produce cocoons , but only a few silkworms are used to make silk .
0	cooper 's solo career began with the 1975 album welcome to my nightmare .
0	after a long war , the æsir and vanir made peace and joined together .
0	his reforms of the church and education alienated himself from the people .
0	kiribati became an independent republic in 1979 .
0	he attained realization at a place not far from the town now known as ganagapur .
0	the chilean sea bass , dissostichus eleginoides , more commonly known as the patagonian toothfish .
0	their first major book , what not to wear , sold 670,000 copies and won a british book award .
0	his engines were not actually completed because of funding problems .
0	chicago contains a large swedish enclave called andersonville on the city 's north side .
0	stm can be a challenging technique , as it requires extremely clean surfaces and sharp tips .
0	the omegas a group of mutant which are part of an underground network across the nation .
0	there are about 120 europeans on west island and 500 malays on home island .
0	these include vogue magazine , elle , and marie claire .
0	it was first produced in 1882 .
0	srivijaya 's capital moved north to jambi .
0	the other commonly used measurement of temperature is the fahrenheit scale .
0	the resort of virginia beach became an incorporated town in 1906 .
0	persia cedes five provinces east of the tigris to rome .
0	playbook renovation : including team specific defensive playbook & new offense playbooks .
0	judea was conquered by the babylonians .
0	the subdivision of the country is then displayed by one number .
0	females have organs that produce a green or yellow light on their trunks .
0	the currency is the ngultrum , which is similar to the indian rupee .
0	there are two main types of coffee plant .
0	meißen is the home of meißen porcelain .
0	in the same year he wrote his most important poem , the sale of saint thomas in six acts .
0	the f-105 thunderchief was a bomber during the vietnam war .
0	albert einstein publishes his special theory of relativity .
0	he wrote the song `` always look on the bright side of life '' .
0	his father was a christian minister .
0	official status historically , latin or romance has been the official language .
0	later , limited amounts of income from the united nations oil-for-food program started flowing into iraq .
0	the national museum of the united states air force is found inside the wright-patterson air force base .
0	about 3 km east of biasca is the small lake of carigiolo .
0	the capital and largest city in the state is goiânia .
0	natural gas is also used to make many plastic products .
0	chewing it can help clean teeth .
0	romania has a climate that changes between temperate and continental climates .
0	at least three islands are inhabited , which are fongafale , funafala and motuloa .
0	about 125 east german citizens were killed during this period while trying to cross the border into west berlin .
0	historiography is about the writing of history and the use of historical methods .
0	young stayed with the boston team until 1909 .
0	these machines also take credit and debit cards : some newer machines accept cards only .
0	flórez sing in concerts in europe , north america , and south america .
0	on may 7 , 2004 , métis todd ducharme became a judge of the ontario supreme court of justice .
0	economy tuaca liqueur is produced in livorno .
0	tu-154 is shot down by a missile in sukhumi , georgia .
0	the turkish forces of selim i defeat the main mamluk army in egypt under touman bey .
0	sedimentary rocks cover 75-80 % of the earth 's land area .
0	the war ended with the treaty of westphalia .
0	he also won the giro d'italia .
0	its capital is called mérida .
0	it was formed in 1993 as part league realignment .
0	she was also known for her preaching and speaking .
0	in 1947 poland founded a museum at the site of the auschwitz camps .
0	it is the shortest funicular in europe .
0	in the dr. mario games , which was first seen in 1990 , mario is a medical physician .
0	renewable resources may also include goods commodities such as wood , paper and leather .
0	its sister paper , the mail on sunday , is printed instead .
0	they were created in 1974 .
0	other chelicerates could have developed their simple eyes by reduction from a compound starting point .
0	it is a national park of the united states .
0	the sydney opera house is a building on the shores of sydney harbour , in sydney , australia .
0	vaan meets the sky pirates balthier and fran in the palace , who teach him about magicite .
0	the capital city is bangkok .
0	the smaller vindhya range|vindhya hills and plateau region in the south .
0	slavery still exists today in some countries .
0	péruwelz is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	napoli dropped to serie b in 2001 .
0	industries include fish , rice , petroleum , and making cigarettes .
0	march 11 – first armoured car robbery , committed by the flatheads gang .
0	yohannes succeeds his father fasildos as emperor of ethiopia .
0	anhée is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	there are two power stations there .
0	it is the second holiest city in islam , and the burial place of its prophet , muhammad .
0	summer institute of linguistics .
0	in 2006 , ledger was asked to join the academy of motion picture arts and sciences .
0	in aviation , a planform is the shape and layout of an airplane 's wing .
0	it was named in honor of his father admiral sir fairfax moresby .
0	steel is harder and stronger than iron .
0	she opposed the equal rights amendment .
0	in europe , only finland has more lakes .
0	it was first described in 1977 .
0	both instruments were gifts from her godmother .
0	the only grand duchy in existence today is luxembourg .
0	the j. d. salinger `` bananafish '' discussion list .
0	avoid making your signature so small that it is difficult to read .
0	hurricane nora was the first hurricane to a significant danger to the continental united states since kathleen in 1976 .
0	mont-saint-guibert is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	the cathedral of st. stephen of vienna is an example .
0	during their expedition they worked well together .
0	on december 25 2004 the huygens probe separated from the orbiter at more or less 02:00 utc .
0	the chapel was built in 1503 by the architect sir reginald bray .
0	it is also maharashtra 's official language .
0	gregory blaxland , william lawson and william wentworh succeeded in crossing the blue mountains and returned home .
0	under my skin is a 2004 album by avril lavigne .
0	she had a sister , caroline lee bouvier , born in 1933 .
0	approximately 20km from mirpur city , it is fast becoming a commercial area of the district .
0	giuliani became more well known during and after the september 11 , 2001 attacks on the world trade center .
0	however , the entry must be written to the backing store at some point in time .
0	stevens was born in detroit , michigan , and grew up in petoskey .
0	from 1995 to 2008 he was conductor of the rotterdam philharmonic orchestra .
0	arabic is the official language of sudan , but people also speak nubian , nilotic and english .
0	proteins outcompete ribozymes in catalytic ability , and therefore become the dominant biopolymer .
0	wesleyan university , is a private liberal arts university in middletown , connecticut .
0	in north america and europe , it was called the hyundai xg .
0	they are in agra , kanpur , lucknow and varanasi .
0	like the first generation they were mostly middle class and a lot of them were students .
0	all of minor threat 's records were released on the band 's own dischord records label .
0	it is known for growing fraser fir christmas trees .
0	vviewers were able to watch each of the preliminaries and vote for their favorite singers .
0	screenwriters dan harris and michael dougherty and composer john ottman left with him .
0	weelkes ’ s madrigals are very chromatic and use counterpoint and unusual rhythms .
0	her book the farthest shore won the national book award for children 's books in 1973 .
0	chengdu airport reopened as the airport was used for relief operations .
0	deliberative bodies such as parliaments , legislative assemblies , and meetings of all sorts have debates .
0	the later construction of a new bridge over the mississippi in the early 1980s replaced the remaining businesses .
0	call of duty is a first person shooter video game series .
0	the bow is strung with horsehair .
0	his instruments are generally better than his father 's .
0	threatening shapes of heavy trees and houses are above the figurss .
0	the current cathedral was consecrated on july 14 , 1077 .
0	equatorial guinea is the only country in africa where spanish is an official language .
0	akakor is an alleged ancient underground city somewhere between brazil and peru .
0	job 's wife told him to curse god and die .
0	an endoskeleton is a structure that holds an animal from inside .
0	it is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that were stolen by nazis .
0	they have a black stripe down their forelegs .
0	the golden ratio is an irrational number .
0	savonarola became a dominican friar in 1475 , and entered the convent of san domenico in bologna .
0	sme server based on centos .
0	some live in trees , others stay on the ground .
0	many fans and critics think that super mario 64 is one of the best video games ever made .
0	the use of michif is growing again thanks to the work of the provincial métis councils .
0	faimes is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	the pretzel dough is made from wheat flour and yeast .
0	after being rescued and discharged , agustin returned to texas to become a masked wrestler .
0	despite suggestions of racism by some , many historians such as zoe pritchard reject these claims .
0	slides originally were projected on movie theater screens by magic lanterns as part of early movie house shows .
0	wrestlers , as a result , appeared only in 2/3 of the shows .
0	common names include the neotropical electric fishes , south american electric fishes , or american knifefishes .
0	while he kept going around the moon , neil armstrong and buzz aldrin landed on the lunar surface .
0	in election 2008 she was re-elected as the female councillor .
0	it was published in 1813 .
0	the lake was formed as a result of tectonic activity and is the largest freshwater lake in asia .
0	he sang in the united states with joan sutherland .
0	myst is a computer game released in 1993 .
0	poutrincourt won the local mi'kmaq for catholicism .
0	the most popular of these distributions is simplymepis .
0	gestures are resolved as follows : rock blunts/smashes scissors ; rock wins .
0	a dress rehearsal is the last rehearsal before the performance .
0	the term has also been used in the titles of published works .
0	the regency of anna amalia and the reign of charles augustus were important in the history of saxe-weimar .
0	history the city was a neolithic settlement and an important etruscan center .
0	some , such as 90 antiope , are double asteroids with two same-sized parts .
0	it was opened and anne 's remains were looked at by scientists .
0	serket did not have any temples , but she had many priests .
0	they also point out that baptists have no connections with the reformationists like luther , calvin , or zwingli .
0	the buildings are surrounded by green grass .
0	these forms do not describe different laws .
0	when he was small , his father gave him a little kart .
0	a constituency is all of the constituents of a representative .
0	the album peaked at # 10 on billboard 200 on july 29 , 2007 .
0	the cartoon was rejected because it was very similar to the series aqua teen hunger force .
0	in a special way the term communion is applied to sharing in the eucharist .
0	gutenberg died in mainz in 1468 .
0	he excelled in the painting of portraits , landscapes , and large works of social and historical themes .
0	tymoshenko 's first name is sometimes spelled yuliya , yulia , iulia , or julia .
0	he also performs as dj starscream .
0	they are like bartholin 's glands .
0	ong had already suffered one concussion but was told to continue training .
0	a compass rose is a figure that displays the cardinal directions : north , south , east and west .
0	afferent neurons convey information from tissues and organs into the central nervous system .
0	rebel yell shared the leadership with ultimate ninja and continuity champ .
0	moses wife , tzipporah , is described as a kushite in the book of numbers .
0	it is the eighth most abundant mineral in the earth 's crust .
0	the capital city is bern .
0	it is an insect that has two pairs of transparent , thick and long wings .
0	up to 50 % of the volume inside of 253 mathilde has open space .
0	the nahuatl word toltec means great craftsman .
0	there is a roald dahl museum and story centre in great missenden which shows the work of roald dahl .
0	europe ; important in forestry .
0	the album the uplift mofo party plan was released in 1987 .
0	the narrator strikes , smothering the old man with his own mattress .
0	he died of cancer of the lung in february , 1965 .
0	ohey is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	vålerenga 's home ground is ullevaal stadium , the national stadium for norway .
0	they entered the late roman empire during the 5th century .
0	south australia and tasmania use district .
0	alchemy used to be common among scientists , such as isaac newton .
0	he said it caused him `` to reasonably apprehend that he risks self-incrimination in this case '' .
0	he also won the hart memorial trophy and the conn smythe trophy .
0	attractions in the city include the chad national museum , a cathedral and several mosques .
0	it flows through south dakota .
0	the term energy level is most commonly used in reference to the electron configuration in atoms or molecules .
0	a drawer is a piece of furniture for storage .
0	its owners sought the peace of a rural idyll far removed from the court .
0	klm is the world 's oldest airline with its original name .
0	she played the character catherine duke on newsradio and the character jackie robbins on er .
0	protests and rallies also happen at the national mall .
0	a hunting dog is any dog who helps humans in hunting .
0	he designed a miniature version of bramante 's tempietto , and made it in gilt bronze .
0	currently , after many studies about the local water passages , almost all the rivers are in canalization process .
0	it is bounded on the west by the pacific ocean and on the east by the atlantic ocean .
0	it is also referred as the detroit of south asia .
0	he is now in the pro football hall of fame .
0	the language they speak is icelandic .
0	humboldt was born in berlin .
0	granzymes are enzymes contained within cytotoxic t cells and natural killer cells .
0	the player 's character gets into an escape pod and crashes on the planet 's surface .
0	the european seabass , dicentrarchus labrax .
0	it was written by david koepp and directed by sam raimi .
0	mettet is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	they also have a large round scale on their cheek called a subtympanic shield .
0	the maya are usually given credit for making the first chocolate drink over 2,000 years ago .
0	kidman was then pinned and eliminated by rey mysterio .
0	nepal is a country in south asia bordering the republic of india and the people 's republic of china .
0	he worked as an astronomer at least from 147 bc to 127 bc .
0	he died on june 21 , 2008 of heart failure in poughkeepsie , new york .
0	he is outlived by his life partner , christopher lyall .
0	it is also used as a neutron absorber in control rods in nuclear power plants .
0	he was born in shaker heights , ohio .
0	maynard g. krebs on the earlier many loves of dobie gillis .
0	in its orbit around the sun , neptune will return to its original point of discovery in august 2011 .
0	she was not very successful there and left to become a courtesan by 1865 .
0	historically , the language had a much larger population than it does now .
0	it first aired in the united states and canada on september 20 , 2002 .
0	many people think that he was the most talented person ever to have lived .
0	if a national court is investigating or prosecuting a case , the icc is not allowed to .
0	events pope silverius deposed by belisarius at the order of justinian , who appoints as his successor pope vigilius .
0	history saint-barthélemy was first claimed by france in 1648 .
0	he first performed the song at the mtv video music awards in august 2002 .
0	the sfio did not nominate a candidate for the 1965 election .
0	a more general term that preserves the distinction between goods and services is 'commodities ' .
0	most malls have a food court , which is an area where people buy food .
0	monte carlo is one of europe 's leading tourist resorts .
0	the battle boosted american morale .
0	much of human sexual attractiveness comes from physical aspect .
0	the targeted countries responded with new , and mostly permanent , attempts to limit any more dependency .
0	he was told not to cross albania on foot .
0	w.t . brande and sir humphrey davy later used electrolysis on lithium oxide to isolate the element .
0	video games bowser 's first game was super mario bros. as a final boss .
0	the winner returned on the next show .
0	in 1267 a castle made of wood was built and later rebuilt into a water-castle of stone in 1375 .
0	she started with lessons from her mother , who composed little pieces with little drawings .
0	whenever appropriate as ruler of a monarchy , khan is also translated as king or prince .
0	codeine is an alkaloid found in opium in concentrations ranging from 0.3 to 3.0 percent .
0	openbsd releases new versions every six months , each version is supported for one year after release .
0	the gila monster ’ s name comes from the gila river in arizona , usa .
0	it is three kilometers off the coast of balochistan , pakistan .
0	spitz types are good at living in cold northern climates .
0	he also led his first crusade in australia in 1959 .
0	women say that they have “ deeper ” orgasms when g-spots were stimulated .
0	the cardinals have a strong rivalry with the chicago cubs that began in 1885 .
0	a child prodigy is a child who is very smart at an early age .
0	it was used in the vietnam war .
0	he is famous for his epic poem paradise lost .
0	it stars keanu reeves , sandra bullock , jeff daniels , and dennis hopper .
0	in 2004 , romania joined nato and hosted the 2008 summit .
0	he was first elected in the 1992 general election .
0	calafat is a city in dolj county , romania .
0	tracy is considered generally as one of the best actors in motion picture history .
0	sartre served in the french army from 1929 to 1931 .
0	judy davis and geoffrey rush speak cultivated australian english .
0	while he was there , he won three national amateur wrestling championships between 1996 and 1998 .
0	vlad preferred to knight men from the free peasants .
0	some of their new cities were antioch , pergamon , and seleucia on the tigris .
0	bazargan was iran 's first prime minister after the iranian revolution in 1979 .
0	auburn opened february 1 , 1856 but was named the east alabama male college .
0	in 1946 , she gave birth to a daughter tricia nixon cox , called tricia .
0	in 1998 , `` ænema '' won the grammy award for best metal performance .
0	this was made possible with 150 million us $ from the emir of qatar , sheikh hamad bin khalifa .
0	lessines is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	after world war ii nazi germany west of the oder-neisse line was divided into four occupation zones .
0	the ss selected some fit persons for working as slave labor at companies like i. g. farben and krupp .
0	the enamel is made of calcium and phosphate .
0	in 1950 he got the job of music critic for a communist newspaper in paris .
0	rob bowman and alex proyas were also rumoured .
0	simulated mediawiki interfaces the wikipedia community generally frowns upon simulating the mediawiki interface , and it should be avoided .
0	polonium is a rare radioactive metalloid .
0	shannon also showed that such switches could solve boolean algebra problems .
0	if they are too hungry , they will die of starvation .
0	the album was a nominee for the 2004 mercury music prize .
0	the german battleship bismarck was one of the most famous warships of world war ii .
0	they adopt non-islamic appearances .
0	the united states is the world 's largest supplier of commercial nuclear power .
0	any crafting material used to form shapes such as clay , wood , metal , glass , wax .
0	it used to have 120,000 seats available , but now its maximum capacity is 80,000 seats for safety reasons .
0	licinius won against maximinus at the battle of tzirallum .
0	the average annual temperature is 12 oc .
0	she married osip mandelstam in 1921 , and lived in ukraine , saint petersburg , moscow , and georgia .
0	this type of pick is called a `` plectrum '' .
0	strategic bombing missions usually attack targets such as factories , railroads , oil refineries and cities .
0	one of these , the viola da gamba society has a worldwide membership .
0	the capital of alberta is edmonton .
0	it then enters the large intestine .
0	beloeil is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	financial maths studies mathematics , mainly statistics .
0	the 1980 formula one season was the 31th of the championship .
0	in 1957 , it was a part of the first season of the santa fe opera .
0	he won the 2007 american league rookie of the year award .
0	often it has the same form as the direct case , but not always : o potrze !
0	later he went to law school at the harvard law school .
0	herenthout is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
0	the most common type of aspirator is the water aspirator .
0	a chakra vitalizes a physical body and is associated with interactions of a physical , mental nature .
0	the monastery has a gavit and various service buildings around the site .
0	in 1950 the district was dissolved .
0	it has a population of 2,670,000 in the city proper .
0	finally , achievement is when a person makes identity choices and commits to them .
0	it is near the river thames .
0	the vagina is very elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during birth .
0	in 1990 , the hubble space telescope detected an enormous white cloud near its equator .
0	they are most commonly made of latex , but are available in other materials .
0	these two départements were created on september 15 , 1975 by the département of corse .
0	chelsea in the english premier league and the former captain of the england national football team .
0	together with charlie parker , he was a major figure in the development of modern jazz .
0	since 1903 , the bureau of the census has been the census-taking organization of the united states government .
0	he was the father of the british novelist martin amis .
0	he returned to england and reported the mutiny to the admiralty on march 15 , 1790 .
0	they were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern .
0	it 's capital is the city of delémont .
0	she died on june 25 , 1889 .
0	he moved to canada with his family when he was 16 years old and attended collège sainte-marie de montréal .
0	gan is the language of jiangxi and some others provinces in china .
0	among the best-known public courses are hell 's point golf club and the tpc of virginia beach .
0	he was born in fresno , california .
0	lidl stiftung & co .
0	phalla village in the early 1600s .
0	because of the mountains , the soldiers found it very difficult to get help to the rural areas .
0	it is the main city of santa fe province .
0	events the town of riga was chartered as a city .
0	abyss lost to raven .
0	the ward has population of 45,543 people .
0	it came after romanesque architecture and before renaissance architecture .
0	they broke into the local police station and locked policemen richards and devine in their own cell .
0	it was released may 1 , 2006 internationally , and may 92006 in the united states .
0	in humans , the four chambers are two atria and two ventricles .
0	the team moved to st. louis in 1934 , where they played for one year .
0	vallemaggia is a district of the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	in the early 1980s , the thames barrier was opened to control flooding .
0	leonardo left milan with his servant salai and a friend , luca pacioli , who was a mathematician .
0	it was released march 25,2007 .
0	it won an academy award and was directed by luc jacquet .
0	it reached number 1 on the billboard charts in 1954 .
0	sources thucydides almost never names his informants .
0	one of the most remote of the british isles .
0	he became ireland 's youngest attorney-general in 1946 under taoiseach éamon de valera .
0	magnetic fields surround electric currents , magnetic dipoles , and changing electric fields .
0	the couple moved back to gesualdo in 1597 .
0	it is about 80 km south east of the state capital , hobart .
0	from 1848 until her death in 1877 , she lived in new york .
0	publications preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a collection of peer reviewed and published science .
0	the university of texas at austin is located there .
0	a tropical wave left the african coast on september 24 and crossed the atlantic without strengthening or changing .
0	for example , she painted flowers , rocks , shells , animal bones and landscapes .
0	they had the rail tracks pulled up so the train would crash .
0	in early pregnancy , levels of estrogen increase .
0	jules naudet , a french cameraman filmed the crash .
0	mars is the son of juno .
0	the current general secretary is peter hunt .
0	the passengers then decided to mount an assault on the hijackers and wrest control of the aircraft .
0	university of erlangen is founded .
0	the name means the fields of the rhine , like rheinfelden in switzerland .
0	as of the 2000 census , taunton had 55,976 people living in it .
0	between the 17th century and 1959 , the dalai lama was the head of the tibetan government .
0	the nazis surrendered and were executed .
0	around 600 bc , tsopk became part of the newly emerged ancient armenian kingdom of orontids .
0	the journal continued under his wife edith kurzweil until april 2003 .
0	italy won the trophy after beating germany in the final .
0	the crust forms in part by the coming together of island arcs including granite and metamorphic fold belts .
0	fighting in crimea was the third and the final period of the russian civil war .
0	the word fortification can also mean the practice of improving an area 's defense with defensive works .
0	thermodynamic work need not have any mechanical component to be considered such .
0	the poison is highly toxic to fish and crustaceans , which is what the sea anemone eats .
0	he took a job in the department of state as assistant secretary for public affairs .
0	it is taken from the sides , back , or belly of the pig .
0	on october 17 2007 croatia became a non-permanent member of the united nations security council for the 2008-2009 term .
0	it is a very soft metal that can be cut .
0	rau left school in 1949 and worked as a journalist and publisher .
0	on 14 november 1948 , elizabeth gave birth to her first child , charles .
0	it is the home stadium of the football club hannover 96 .
0	termites are major detrivores , particularly in the subtropical and tropical regions .
0	by early 1862 , his marriage was in trouble .
0	graham was the president of northwestern college in minnesota from 1948 to 1952 .
0	events 1534 - the city of quito in ecuador is founded by spanish settlers .
0	the house is open to the public .
0	the green bay packers are a american football team in green bay , wisconsin .
0	he was able to gradually win his way back into the graces of king matthias .
0	in persian language , the name takes the form of zartosht .
0	after earl 's death , edna parker lived by herself on a farm on blueridge road .
0	in these matches , gimnasia was subject to openly biased arbitration .
0	technorati is a search engine for weblogs .
0	he died in 1809 while vienna was being attacked by the french army under napoleon .
0	du pré later said she had difficulty in opening the cello case .
0	it stands for windows media audio .
0	as of 2000 , the population was 37,238 .
0	there are many tracks that were made during the search for gas and oil during the 1960s and 1970s .
0	on august 30 bc octavian captures alexandria .
0	this was because if a pilot closed his eyes he would miss his target .
0	the banana species growing in the wild have fruits with many hard , large seeds .
0	events archelaus becomes ethnarch of judea .
0	patrick stewart as professor charles xavier : the founder of the xavier institute .
0	april - stockholms handelsbank is formed .
0	originally these programs were used to generate 35mm slides , to be presented using a slide projector .
0	there were 1,208 people living in adams as of the 2000 census .
0	martina navrátilová , originally from czechoslovakia , became a u. s. citizen in 1981 .
0	cave paintings are paintings on cave walls and ceilings .
0	it is the sequel to the matrix reloaded .
0	the iso is 25 mb ; runs entirely in ram .
0	it was already used to make clothes , ropes , and an early form of paper .
0	in 1882 , a meteorological station was constructed on the summit , but it is not used now .
0	he defended that title , and later the international boxing federation title , twenty times .
0	he later served as the governor of massachusetts .
0	puck 's orbit is also located between these two moons .
0	blenio is a district of the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	patrick troughton became the new doctor .
0	in 1863 , aged 14 , he was sent to prison for 14 days for stealing .
0	he was born in 1984 , in new york city .
0	in 1676 , anthony van leeuwenhoek discovered microorganisms that were probably protozoa and bacteria .
0	scottish forces led by robert the bruce beat edward ii of england .
0	ninove is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
0	jonathan demme won an academy award for best director .
0	he took a ship to england instead .
0	it is located 10 miles west of cameron and 12 miles east of johnson bayou .
0	archetypes have been present in mythology and literature for hundreds of years .
0	in general , an archive consists of records which have been selected for permanent or long-term preservation .
0	it was released on june 25 , 2002 .
0	he died of a heart problem in 1988 , shortly after his 30th birthday .
0	other websites for official forecasts , see the nhc 's public advisory archive on subtropical storm nicole .
0	he was met at the railway station by a crowd of england 's greatest intellectuals .
0	the service is implemented by disney interactive .
0	u3/u6 upgrade of marienplatz station .
0	the wicker man is generally very highly regarded by critics .
0	user : example/lipsum is an example of a user subpage for user : example .
0	only a week later , he came up with a much more advanced version of that kindred phenomena .
0	the dam was built in 1967 with funding from the world bank .
0	notes : the non-working holidays are not moved to another day .
0	soil organic matter soil is composed of minerals and organic matter , as well as living organisms .
0	john carteret , 2nd lord carteret becomes secretary of state for the northern department .
0	bathurst has a campus of charles sturt university and a cathedral .
0	corippo is a municipality of the district locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	dakar was one of the major cities of the french empire during this time .
0	the music was officially made the national anthem by the government in 1952 , and the words in 1977 .
0	the black bars are for saxony-wittenberg county as the area around bad liebenwerda belonged there in the past .
0	laroque was injured during the pre-game warm up and sevigny was started instead .
0	but there are no clear boundaries between one color and the next .
0	water vapor can also be produced directly from ice ; this is called sublimation .
0	response the book sold 2.5 million copies in 25 languages in eighteen months .
0	it runs through perth 's northern suburbs .
0	joão pessoa joined the alliance to the overthrow of the federal government .
0	badmotorfinger was nominated for a grammy for best metal performance in 1992 .
0	the rings sometimes have `` shepherd satellites '' .
0	its capital is limoges .
0	punt road is under the station with a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue .
0	he died the next year .
0	on september 20 , 2003 , she gave birth to a daughter , nevis .
0	emily tennessee donelson was born in donelson , tennessee .
0	hundred year peak rain fall on 19 december 2006 , continuously heavy downpour occurred in johor .
0	size it is roughly 1,450 kilometres long and 970 kilometres wide .
0	it had divided the country , the government , and even bowell 's own cabinet .
0	so inflation means that more money will need to be paid for the same goods and services .
0	location chiyoda is located in the center of tokyo .
0	they found music which used pentatonic scales similar to those used in some parts of asia .
0	reformation in denmark and norway .
0	he had piano lessons from czerny and composition lessons from salieri .
0	south of wellington is cook strait , the sea between the north island and the south island .
0	the word science is from the latin word scio , which means `` to know '' .
0	in 1929 he left to concentrate himself fully to his literary and cultural interests .
0	three of the 75 elected members of parliament have been murdered .
0	they live in forests .
0	this system of trading was used mostly in ancient ghana .
0	w. f. skene , 1872 .
0	it is based on michael cunningham 's novel the hours .
0	the tiger-cats of the canadian football league play at ivor wynne stadium .
0	he also won an academy award for best original song for the theme from shaft the 1971 film .
0	day by day we magnify thee ; and worship thy name , ever world without end .
0	tribes the main tribes are mair minhas , mughal kasar , gondal , sadat and awan .
0	shortly after , the empire attacks the rebel base on hoth .
0	courchavon is also famous for its swiss chocolate .
0	during sexual arousal , the clitoris grows as its erectile tissue fills with blood until orgasm happens .
0	chopin and schumann , cortot made editions of both those composers ' music .
0	purpose daikoku is considered to be the god of wealth or the household , mostly the kitchen .
0	crabs can be found in all the oceans .
0	the margraves of brandenburg is granted polish approval to inherit ducal prussia .
0	her work in film music included `` le petit chose '' .
0	as an archaeological site , it has been heavily damaged by the spanish after its fall .
0	lauscha is a german city in thuringia .
0	it was preceded by walt disney masterpiece collection .
0	the canucks just missed the playoffs in 2006 .
0	ranchi is the capital city of jharkhand .
0	when hitler ordered the invasion of poland in september 1939 , kellner began his secret diary .
0	string quartets are the most popular form of chamber music .
0	they are also known to eat birds and snakes .
0	they collect information by `` eavesdropping '' .
0	the country never recovered from the gulf war , economically or with the army .
0	they returned to london in august , 1937 .
0	the lord invested the vassal with a fiefdom , by giving a symbol of the land or office .
0	he is currently the manager of charleroi .
0	fireworks were invented in china over 800 years ago .
0	before that , he was a player of ajax and milan in the 1980s and early 1990s .
0	it was first performed in munich in 1868 .
0	west ambler johnston hall , a co-ed residence hall that houses 894 students .
0	kanem is one of fourteen prefectures of chad .
0	these include microsoft windows , mac os x , solaris , freebsd and linux .
0	life alvar aalto was born in kuortane , finland .
0	habitat musk deer live in asia .
0	dmitry medvedev was elected president of russia in 2008 .
0	strauß was one of the few western leaders to visit albania in decades .
0	walhain is a municipality found in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	it was the bloodiest single-day battle in american history .
0	this is called neuropathic pain .
0	high and low pitches sounded muddled to him .
0	people have kept rats as pets since the 19th century .
0	people who run the tor network run an a network of onion routers .
0	asia far east asia yamatai – japan .
0	futurama : the beast with a billion backs is an animated movie .
0	he played college football at indiana .
0	ichthyophis is also found in south china and north-vietnam .
0	he was buried under concrete to prevent further incidents .
0	a stoat is a small mammal of the family mustelidae .
0	the modern district was formed in 1973 when the two districts of minden and lübbecke were merged .
0	british pancakes british pancakes have three main ingredients : white flour , eggs and milk .
0	the migration included the goths , vandals , and franks , among other germanic , bulgar and slavic tribes .
0	pakistan 's next national census will take place in 2008 .
0	the ducks were originally owned by the walt disney company .
0	he needed an economically stable country .
0	in fact , it was welcomed as farmers needed the rain there to finish the sowing of cereal crops .
0	he was born in hartford , connecticut .
0	events january 2 - john ii becomes pope , succeeding pope boniface ii , who had died in 532 .
0	it is near bali 's ngurah rai airport .
0	towns in the hunsrück include simmern , kirchberg , and idar-oberstein , kastellaun , and morbach .
0	he has even appeared on a peruvian stamp .
0	other websites shusha : from a to z shoushi foundation shusha by travel-images .
0	the current archbishop is rowan williams .
0	the study of the processes of wear is part of the discipline of tribology .
0	numerous different ways of playing the game can be used , such as using stealth and sniping .
0	a ribbon is a thin , flexible band , usually cloth but also plastic or sometimes metal .
0	their 'empire ' was roughly half of medieval france as well as all of england and ireland .
0	after leaving iron maiden in 1992 , he began his solo career .
0	vidalinux a distribution which uses anaconda as its installer .
0	on january 24 , 2006 , cbs corporation and warner bros .
0	adolf wilhelm , got eisenach , but he had to share this with his younger brother johann georg .
0	farmers wanted to move to towns to make more money than working in the fields .
0	however , there have been initiatives of national dimension about the tax .
0	gravestones are also kinds of stelae .
0	diana teaches at the guildhall school of music and drama and is artistic director of spitalfields festival in london .
0	tere it may also be called a tenancy deposit or in some places a tenancy bond .
0	gabriel v elected patriarch of the coptic church for the second time .
0	pisa is well known for the famous leaning tower of pisa , which is located in the city .
0	montmelon is a municipality of the district of porrentruy in the canton of jura in switzerland .
0	in almost any modern fantasy novel , you can find norse creatures like elves , dwarves , and giants .
0	this involves estimating greenhouse gas based on the levels of fuel used , industrial production and so on .
0	so odysseus built a raft and left her .
0	he captured the 2006 vezina trophy as the nhl 's best goaltender .
0	the single was released on 30 october 2006 .
0	he was a thief , a liar and a gambler .
0	he is the second husband of chancellor angela merkel .
0	waleed al-shehri and wail al-shehri sat in first class .
0	when seen in the night sky without a telescope , some stars appear brighter than other stars .
0	the city is a port on the atlantic ocean .
0	the visigoths begin to attack the northernmost reaches of italy , causing destruction in the countryside .
0	origins and early political career honecker was born in neunkirchen , now saarland .
0	the women 's sports teams are called lady raiders .
0	retrieved 2 may , 2008 .
0	the capital is called sulaymaniyah .
0	in 1993 , the walt disney company bought miramax for $ 70 million .
0	he studied with the painter francisco bayeu y subías .
0	she developed an interest in japanese drama shows and began to teach herself japanese .
0	the club was formed in 1966 by don chambers in texas .
0	so it is important to assume good faith .
0	pdf is an open standard that was officially published on july 1 , 2008 by the iso .
0	their rival is the colorado rapids .
0	this is one of the greatest musical works of the 20th century .
0	a strait is a narrow , navigable channel of water that connects two larger navigable bodies of water .
0	grand theft auto : san andreas is one of the video games for the grand theft auto game series .
0	think about using talk pages to explain , and give others the chance to do the same .
0	he never hurts mike , whom he respects .
0	by 1992 , some new british bands were beginning to appear .
0	nazimuddin also became the head of the muslim league in eastern india .
0	thus , christianity got an identity distinct from judaism .
0	she studied at nashville female academy in nashville , tennessee .
0	the reader checks the user 's subscribed feeds often for new content , downloading any updates that it finds .
0	chapelle-lez-herlaimont is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	soul blues is a style of blues music developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s .
0	signing to reprise made many punk rock fans think green day as sellouts .
0	tilman berger : vom erfinden slavischer sprachen .
0	they were found on september 22 , 1823 on cumorah hill in manchester , new york .
0	paper , represented by an open hand .
0	all evolutionary phenomena can be explained in a way consistent with known genetic mechanisms and the observations of naturalists .
0	this is now the french name for the wisconsin river .
0	in 1608 , he founded quebec city as a permanent fur trading outpost .
0	other websites mikel arteta myspace profile at evertonfc.com profile at yahoo !
0	plymouth cornwall isles of scilly 15 .
0	they played grieg 's violin sonata no . 1 together , which liszt liked very much .
0	foxes are a common subject of japanese folklore .
0	further reading thompson , ian .
0	every year , tourism grows in curitiba .
0	she started making pornographic films in 1993 .
0	zorgho is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in burkina faso .
0	it became part of west germany in 1957 .
0	in microeconomicss 'good ' is often used in this more inclusive sense of a commodity .
0	this would cut the threads and ruin the silk .
0	the lake 's area is 0.16 km² .
0	its county seat is newton .
0	details of the beginning of the christian church are found in the biblical book of acts .
0	many insects help people .
0	these painters include guariento , giusto de ' menabuoi , jacopo avanzi , and altichiero .
0	he proposed ways to solve cubic and quartic equations .
0	the seeds are called `` beans '' in the trade .
0	dress code businessmen generally wear standard business clothes : a suit with collar , shirt , and necktie .
0	it also includes many small villages like minapin , hopar , and hispar .
0	carême gained fame in paris for his cake centrepieces , which bailly put in the pâtisserie window .
0	the romanian language is an eastern romance language .
0	it was created in 1996 by aki maita and sold by bandai .
0	the city survived being attacked by the french in 1794 .
0	a drama cd was later released on december 31 , 2006 at comiket 71 .
0	it is in kansas city , missouri .
0	it was made by ape , inc. and designed by shigesato itoi for the nes .
0	homelessness has become a problem in the cities of china , thailand , indonesia , and the philippines .
0	it is based on miller 's graphic novel series of the same name .
0	he stands with a crane and a turtle , which are symbols of long life .
0	kazuya barely survived a fall that left him with the scar prominently visible on his chest .
0	graham was the president of northwestern college in minnesota from 1948 to 1952 .
0	the band 's most successful albums are no more color , mental vortex and grin .
0	but they also eat fruit , honey , eggs , and also meat .
0	harrison married again in 1978 , to american-born olivia trinidad arias , who had worked for his record company .
0	the original character name was dawn baxter .
0	dunes have different forms and sizes based on their interaction with the wind .
0	tunnelling tunnelling is a functioning concept that arises from quantum mechanics .
0	the international committee of the red cross .
0	they lived in europe until 4,500 years ago .
0	combined cycle gas turbine plants are driven by both steam and gas .
0	the diary has 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages .
0	the city of brighton and hove became a unitary authority in 1997 ; and got city status in 2000 .
0	an unnamed traveler from ancient greece had described in greek language ports of the pandya and chera kings .
0	chiapas has an area of .
0	washington was the first president of the united states .
0	history in 1827 a small district around the city of euskirchen was made .
0	as the group sings , musetta and marcello fall into each other 's arms .
0	he is also father to actor and producer michael douglas .
0	she offered to shoot thiers , and suggested the destruction of paris for its surrender .
0	procoptodon was one of seventeen species , in three genera in the sthenurine subfamily , which are all extinct .
0	boyle was born in virginia city , nevada in 1879 .
0	these are only examples .
0	but at the 2005 nationals , she and her mother and her coach were in a car accident .
0	later hunyadi made him the kingdom of hungary 's candidate for the throne of wallachia .
0	biography born gareth david lloyd in bettws , newport .
0	the william oxley thompson memorial library is located at the west end of the oval .
0	she died when she was only 24 .
0	the mississippi flows into the gulf of mexico .
0	the government , headed by the chief minister is elected .
0	olaf iii becomes king of denmark after the death of his grandfather , valdemar iv , in 1375 .
0	most of the army was disbanded in 1783 after the conclusion of the war .
0	elvira accused puccini of having an affair with their servant girl .
0	romania joined nato on march 29 , 2004 .
0	this painting is called the school of athens .
0	after coming to europe , the drink slowly got popularity .
0	the atlanta thrashers are an nhl ice hockey team .
0	it is the biggest city in the northern finland .
0	this took place on his 60th birthday may 14 , 2003 .
0	in mathematics an algebraic structure is a set with one , two or more binary operations on it .
0	the city is the location of two important universities , florida state university and florida a & m university .
0	lemon played for the san diego chargers from 2003 to 2005 .
0	she died on 28th december 1961 , the 105th anniversary of her second husband 's birth .
0	james `` buster '' douglas kos mike tyson to win heavyweight boxing crown .
0	he is nicknamed 'peasant bruegel ' to distinguish him from other members of the brueghel family .
0	she died on the evening of 7th november 1962 at her apartment in manhattan , new york city .
0	it is the second largest city in ireland , after dublin .
0	galileo galilei found what came to be known as the galilean moons around december 1609 or january 1610 .
0	manors varied also in their geographical arrangement : most did not coincide with a single village .
0	his book the pilgrim 's progress was published in 1678 .
0	he is the member of parliament for the barrow and furness constituency in the united kingdom .
0	a rich nobleman in st petersburg is having a ball .
0	melbourne in australia is named after william lamb .
0	usually , they are served cooked .
0	the books were written by lewis between 1949 and 1954 , they were also illustrated by pauline baynes .
0	at the pyrenees , he let go of another 11,000 iberian troops .
0	government bladen county is a member of the regional lumber river council of governments .
0	in 1479 he went to the convent of santa maria degli angeli .
0	in 1861 , american civil war broke out .
0	melee and super smash bros .
0	he read isaac watts 's the improvement of the mind .
0	in 1770 british chemist joseph priestley noticed that was very good for removing pencil marks on paper .
0	in 1948 he went to switzerland , where he spent the rest of his life .
0	it was made by bahaeddin sakir in 1906 during the fall of the ottoman empire .
0	at that time the white house chief of staff was donald regan .
0	ojiya 's total area is .
0	naturalization is when a person changes his or her nationality .
0	he was also a candidate for president in the 1808 election and did receive six electoral votes .
0	for example , bbc is a television network .
0	children 's crusade established view the children 's crusade is a crusade of 1212 .
0	when the player spots a pokémon or a trainer , the battle screen appears .
0	grendel flew and his arm was fixed to the wall .
0	he began playing guitar in open d-minor tuning with three fingers .
0	geisha practiced the common entertainments enjoyed by the people of that time .
0	the justice league is a fictional dc comics superhero team .
0	it has a beautiful valley with the flower of rose , chamblali , sunflower .
0	the writer of the sherlock holmes stories lived in south norwood on tennison road from 1891 to 1894 .
0	she speaks cantonese , english , french and mandarin languages .
0	almost 23 million calvin and hobbes books have been sold .
0	between 1460 and 1864 was flensburg the second important harbour to denmark after copenhagen .
0	charles darwin used the example of selective breeding to introduce his idea of natural selection .
0	the icon of vlc is a traffic cones collected by ecole centrale 's networking students ' association .
0	yorkshire and the humber is one of the regions of england .
0	there , the optic nerve is attached to the back of the eye .
0	sketchup was created by the company @ last software and released in august 2000 .
0	korea , liechtenstein , and turkey did not participate in 1952 , after having competed in 1948 .
0	on 16 march , 2007 , danish police admitted to having mistakenly used a potentially lethal form of teargas .
0	in melbourne , the race day is a public holiday .
0	an infill plane has a body of metal filled with wood on which the blade rests .
0	charizard also crush their enemies with its claws .
0	world war ii during world war ii the c-in-c india was also responsible for ceylon and the burma campaign .
0	on may 11 , 1812 , perceval was on his way to attend the inquiry .
0	reeve died at age 52 on october 10 , 2004 from heart problems caused by an infection .
0	he fought against apartheid .
0	he was a child prodigy who first performed at the age of four .
0	cyan is made by mixing green and blue light .
0	lastly , the montreal canadiens retired plante 's sweater , # 1 , in 1995 .
0	it was first used in operation just cause .
0	civil war broke out in late june 1922 .
0	he took a job in the department of state as assistant secretary for public affairs .
0	when he was 20 years old , he conducted tchaikovsky 's nutcracker ballet at the bolshoi theatre .
0	saint denis is the patron saint of france .
0	local government act 1972 .
0	shariati decided to leave the country for england .
0	this family includes squirrels , chipmunks , and the ground squirrels .
0	the p-38 lightning is a world war ii fighter aircraft made by lockheed .
0	genesco began closing down the stores in 1980 .
0	the city of lisbon was destroyed in an earthquake in 1755 .
0	brisingr , and the fourth book .
0	writing career : novels and comics benson also writes novels and comic books .
0	wookieepedia is hosted by wikia .
0	further to the north lies the area of summersdale and the conservation area around graylingwell hospital .
0	in 1902 he conducted wagner ’ s götterdämmerung .
0	in 1999 , ali was named `` sportsman of the century '' by sports illustrated magazine .
0	nereid , on a prograde but very eccentric orbit is believed to be scattered during triton 's capture .
0	the royal library of turin is a important museum in turin , italy .
0	the more complex the organism , the more complex the repertoire of signal transduction processes the organism must possess .
0	peterhead fc is currently playing in the scottish second division .
0	in the past , the northern border of somerset was the river avon .
0	it is also the largest territory outside of europe that is part of the european union .
0	it is centered on , near new zealand .
0	he lives in tucson , arizona .
0	he was killed by union soldiers at a farm in virginia .
0	the cia itself denies barris ever worked for them .
0	la plata is a capital city of the buenos aires province , argentina .
0	and forgive us our trespasses , as we forgive them that trespass against us .
0	agriculturists , artisans , and merchants were kept lower than the samurais .
0	he starts to sing a song to comfort his son .
0	in 2004 , the band played at waveaid , a concert in response to the 2004 indian ocean earthquake .
0	lie died on december 30 , 1968 of a heart attack .
0	when swollen , it holds 90 % of the blood involved in an erection .
0	the inside of a cherimoya is soft , and it is white in color .
0	he did not create the word himself .
0	it flows through the western part of the country .
0	from the twelfth century the khachen principality dominated the region .
0	thus , the current research is rather aimed to reduce the noise , particularly when trains exit a tunnel .
0	each pride has a home area that is called its territory .
0	the series aired on television from april 4 , 1998 to october 10 , 1998 .
0	vlad attacked and devastated the area between serbia and the black sea , leaving over 20,000 people dead .
0	hayk is also called the founder of the haykazuni dynasty .
0	they are smooth coated , with colors of brindle , seal or black and evenly marked with white .
0	a person who does martial arts is called a martial artist .
0	do what thou wilt .
0	the serf also had to pay taxes and fees .
0	main table hebrew has masculine and feminine ways of saying the words .
0	they will be released in north america in spring 2010 .
0	race length can be either a time or a number of laps .
0	the tops of these mountains are also the german-czech border .
0	he is also known as rama ix .
0	black death in cairo .
0	rachmaninov was the soloist , and vaughan williams wrote his serenade to music for orchestra and sixteen soloists .
0	the district was created in 1993 by joining the old districts belzig , brandenburg-land and potsdam-land .
0	the toyota tundra is a full-size pickup truck .
0	it has the atomic number 45 .
0	evolutionary biologists criticize how the term is used by non-scientists and the connotations it has acquired .
0	there mamie and her three sisters grew in a big house .
0	a climber has to be attached to a rope so they do not fall very far .
0	in 1994 , while they were called rocket baby dolls , they won a battle of the bands competition .
0	it is also spelled izrail , izrael , azrail , ezraeil , azraille , or ozryel .
0	other popular tourism activities are gliding , hang-gliding , hot air ballooning and scuba diving .
0	berezovsky studied at the moscow conservatory .
0	a second novel , venusberg , followed in 1932 .
0	in the opening ceremony , the stadium is opened .
0	the town had a population of 35,203 in the 2001 census .
0	they are based in the city of bristol and play at a stadium called ashton gate .
0	a queen consort is the wife of a king .
0	february 9 , 1994 15 deep throat fran must go to hospital to under-go an operation .
0	dürer hadstarted to learn goldsmithing and drawing from his father .
0	this danger made the asteroid level 1 on the torino impact hazard scale until august 2006 .
0	buena vista motion pictures group took control of miramax , which will have a smaller annual production budget .
0	porto is a sweet wine , but comes as dry or semi-dry too .
0	labour courts hear disputes over collective bargaining agreements and working conditions .
0	the islands are a part of norway .
0	they left ireland and moved to great britain , the united states , canada , and australia .
0	they usually include political events , crime , business , sports , and opinions .
0	some experts speculate that this maybe the birthplace of wine production .
0	plot the story takes place at the abbey of prince prospero .
0	in all six , towns do things that in most states counties do .
0	he also wrote hymn tunes for the english hymnal .
0	he was created by stan lee and jack kirby .
0	the population of ireland is 4.2 million .
0	it quickly weakened as the convection quickly diminished , and it died out on july 18 .
0	direct parody of oddjob in the bond movie goldfinger but throws a shoe instead of a steel-brimmed bowler hat .
0	n-dubz is a british hip hop group based in camden town in greater london .
0	a single-disc 25th anniversary special edition dvd of the movie was released on october 10 , 2006 .
0	before that time , eastern europe had less people than western europe .
0	during the sixteenth and seventeenth centuries , england , france and holland made their own overseas empires .
0	this is known as androdioecy sometimes an organism 's is between male and female .
0	history the celtics were one of the first nba teams .
0	in his book , ibn taymiyyah gives details of a complex governmental accounting system .
0	the cayman islands are also often included in the greater antilles because of their geographical proximiy .
0	this movie is loosely based on the myth of prometheus .
0	he left office on 22 november , 2005 .
0	in the feud , cena lost his united states championship to cabinet member orlando jordan .
0	events europe has about 74 million inhabitants .
0	their daughter , bandit lee way , was born on may 27 , 2009 .
0	virtues of harmony was a sitcom that ran in hong kong from 2001 until february 2005 .
0	oil was discovered 120 kilometres off the coast of dubai , after which the town granted oil concessions .
0	its sequel is high school musical 2 .
0	they are white in color and arranged as a spike .
0	thomas bangalter played bass while guy-manuel de homem-christo played guitar .
0	the two others were sophocles and euripides .
0	tommy boyce and bobby hart were songwriters and producers who worked with the monkees .
0	in principle the term borough means a self-governing township .
0	the adult robin is hunted by hawks , cats , and larger snakes .
0	he was born in santervás de campos .
0	she gives the knight a year and a day to find out what women really want .
0	united kingdom , ireland , and denmark enter the european economic community , now known as the european union .
0	constantine became the first christian emperor .
0	this name is used so that no two organisms have the same name .
0	causes the causes of many stillbirths are unknown , even when autopsies are done on the baby .
0	he was raised by an adoptive mother , mabel michener , in doylestown , pennsylvania .
0	she loved composing , so her parents let her study composition with anton reicha at the paris conservatoire .
0	history dysprosium was first identified in paris in 1886 by french chemist paul émile lecoq de boisbaudran .
0	sea urchins mostly feed on algae .
0	january 1 - the czech republic takes over the presidency of the council of the european union from france .
0	it is considered to be the best of the star trek movies .
0	in new mexico , union forces succeed in stopping the confederate invasion of new mexico territory .
0	reiss independently produced a short internet cartoon series entitled queer duck for icebox.com .
0	uranus is the seventh planet from the sun in the solar system .
0	in 2006 , there were 40 panda reserves , compared to 13 , two decades ago .
0	blackburn is mentioned in one of the beatles ' songs .
0	but there was one very big difference between the pantheon dome and bramante 's design .
0	a comb is a tool used to care for hair or other fibers .
0	on january 11 , 2006 , piper told that he had prostate cancer .
0	metis was found in 1979 by stephen p. synnott in images taken by the voyager 1 probe .
0	references hall , john wesley .
0	the efficient cause is that external entity from which the change or the ending of the change first starts .
0	collingwood football club is a club playing australian rules football .
0	the new york city subway is a rapid transit system that is in new york city , united states .
0	november 17 , 1993 04 the nuchslep maxwell wo n't let maggie go on a date without supervision .
0	they are in the family scombridae , mostly in the genus thunnus .
0	both of them become unwillingly drawn into the politics of the entire empire .
0	chinese money printed in 3 colours to stymie counterfeiting .
0	most colonial cities in spanish america were planned around a square plaza de armas , where troops could gather .
0	it was created by whedon and david greenwalt .
0	he is an analyst for the nfl today .
0	the latest is zoo tycoon 2 : extinct animals .
0	anglo-norman was the spoken language of the norman nobility and was also used in the courts .
0	it is based on greek alphabet .
0	whedon says his mother is the reason for his feminist idea .
0	it was one of the four cities of the syrian tetrapolis .
0	reginald `` reggie '' mantle , the conceited practical joker .
0	race and ethnicity humans often categorize themselves by race or ethnicity .
0	on may 30 , 1999 , graham was invited to speak right before the indianapolis 500 .
0	but when the view changes to any other character , readers see merely a little stuffed tiger .
0	however , the disney television animation studio continued extensively using the classic disney sound effects for several years .
0	this effect is a form of electroluminescence .
0	in 1532 , the peace of nuremberg , gave lutherans important concessions .
0	the group has been called a superclass that includes the familiar classes of fish , birds , mammals .
0	badr at islamanswers.net the battle of badr at al-islam .
0	he is also the second african american to ever serve on the court .
0	it is the second game in the ratchet & clank series .
0	today , irish is the first official language of the republic of ireland .
0	chapel royal in 1570 he got a job as gentleman of the chapel royal in london .
0	ils viennent jusque dans vos bras egorger vos fils , vos compagnes .
0	wildlife institute of india .
0	switzerland thinks the border runs through the middle of the lake .
0	canadian football is football generally played in canada .
0	current genetic studies show that humans from africa are most genetically diverse .
0	ghulam founded the ahmadiyya movement 1889 .
0	ganshoren is a municipality located in the belgian brussels-capital region .
0	bagnotar is a union council of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
0	he is told to have built the gardens to please his wife , amytis of media .
0	kennedy and scanlon went searching for the kellys , while lonigan and mcintyre remained at the camp .
0	eucrites are named from a greek word meaning `` easily distinguished '' .
0	fife and drum blues is another form of traditional country blues .
0	she is the first person to be officially cremated in the united kingdom .
0	stojko was the first person to do a quadruple-triple jump combination .
0	it was a sitcom that aired on nbc from september 10 , 1990 , to may 20 , 1996 .
0	every year there are amateur races to climb the mountain as quickly and often as possible in 24 hours .
0	atomic weights of elements with atomic numbers 110-116 taken from this source .
0	pat 's mother died in 1925 .
0	in one year , they performed at 320 concerts .
0	auschwitz i auschwitz i served as the office for all camps at the place .
0	although the term typically describes racing events of unpowered watercraft , some powerboat race series are also called regattas .
0	quaregnon is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	derailment seems to have been caused by defective rails .
0	plot charles ryder , who tells the story , is a student at the university of oxford .
0	marciano was named fighter of the year by ring magazine three times .
0	meanwhile , there is increasing unrest in britain 's american colonies .
0	crime rate in russia sharply increased since the late 1980s .
0	begging the question is commonly known as circular reasoning , though they are not exactly the same .
0	life there is very little known about rore 's early life .
0	pre-columbian art research institute .
0	after the independence of pakistan , mohammed rafique mughal also did work in the area .
0	a smith , or metalsmith , is a person who makes things from metal .
0	the main species harvested for vanilla is called vanilla planifolia .
0	the goodly fellowship of the prophets praise thee .
0	he moved to harvard to join the laboratory of james d. watson , co-discoverer of the shape of dna .
0	the congress party accepted the plan of the 16 may 1946 .
0	it has a lighthouse made from limestone built in 1859 .
0	today , the connotations of the word proselytism are often negative .
0	he lived in darlington , where he worked at the royal free grammar school .
0	the panel controls what the ipcc agrees on to meet standards .
0	the island had many mills making paper and textiles , and also created valuable land by draining the marshlands .
0	when yunus was studying at chittagong college , he won awards for drama acting .
0	his mother taught him to play the piano .
0	it covers 70 % of earth 's area .
0	he became second conductor of the netherlands radio union orchestra in 1955 .
0	the population of the city estimates was 85,900 inhabitants in 2004 .
0	population the municipality has a total population of 51,501 : 26,317 men and 25,184 women .
0	latinization may be used to show ukrainian text or pronunciation for non-ukrainian readers .
0	the swedish city karlskrona founded as the royal swedish navy relocates there .
0	it is 2000 km long .
0	after that season , mcgraw moved to midwestern state university in wichita falls , texas .
0	the flag became official on march 1 , 1961 .
0	life no other natural environment on earth is as rich in oxygen .
0	bridgeview is a village in illinois in the united states .
0	while shopping at a mall , she was invited by a model scout to a casting for gntm .
0	it reopened on fulham palace road in 1973 .
0	on the following monday the cdu announced angela merkel as conservative candidate for chancellorship .
0	fortuna does occasionally turn up in modern literature .
0	the blacksmith puts pieces of iron in the fire to make them hot .
0	adams was a representative from massachusetts during the second continental congress .
0	sometimes it is also called uranus v. the probe voyager 2 made some photos in 1986 .
0	when they 'd play .
0	she died in toronto may 14 , 1940 of a stroke .
0	his life kafka was born into a middle-class jewish family .
0	classical music and opera are popular in vienna .
0	the rules are almost identical to hurling with a few exceptions .
0	hippolyta - the queen of the amazons .
0	mount everest , the highest mountain in the world , is found there .
0	he was adopted by the daimyo of yonezawa , uesugi shigesada .
0	ingolstadt is also the setting of mary shelley 's famous novel frankenstein .
0	héron is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	great halls were found in france , england and scotland and some other european countries .
0	the early christian world .
0	she was then brought into the tower of london .
0	most of the city 's 19th century houses were built of limestone mined nearby .
0	it joined eastbourne to london , brighton and the south coast railway .
0	the plan ran for four years beginning in july 1947 .
0	it breeds on the snares , a small island group south of new zealand 's south island .
0	for this reason , he is the rightful head of all other bishops .
0	this airport has a capacity to handle from 15-17 million passengers per year in two terminals .
0	in the soan river gorge many rocks with fossils can be seen .
0	he came to america in the second voyage of christopher columbus in 1493 .
0	inari is popular in shinto and buddhist beliefs in japan .
0	it is one of the fastest growing cities in the united states , currently the 25th fastest .
0	the facades often have an open porch with a wheel windows above it .
0	he has an older sister , virginia , and an older brother , donald jr .
0	the treaty requires native american plains tribes to relocate a reservation in western oklahoma .
0	events by place roman empire roman war against numidia and mauretania ends .
0	in 1992 , one-quarter of the 155,000 in his moscow audience came for salvation upon his request .
0	some burroughs/unisys equipment displays a zero with a reversed slash .
0	act 2 a street in nuremberg at night .
0	she is the member of parliament for the chesham and amersham constituency in the united kingdom .
0	to the general public , the fia is mostly known as the governing body for motor racing events .
0	gangnihessou might have been the king around the year 1620 .
0	the closest countries are papua new guinea , malaysia , and east timor which share land borders with indonesia .
0	during the american revolutionary war their spongy wood helped deflect the british cannonballs .
0	it is divided for local government into west sussex and east sussex and the city of brighton and hove .
0	when helen herron was 18 years old , she met will taft .
0	other features of the stern included lanterns and the ensign .
0	the gas is used for pest control .
0	fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter day saints .
0	dracula x chi no rondo .
0	pds / die linke .
0	associate producer dave gordon said , `` this is the biggest production ever filmed in canada .
0	letitia tyler , wife of the president john tyler was a semi-invalid lady .
0	queen alexandra had recently died , and her sons were troubling the country with a civil war for power .
0	less than a decade later , he became ireland 's youngest chief justice .
0	david desrosiers , who had replaced bouvier in reset , joined the band in 2000 .
0	ottawa hills is a village in ohio , united states .
0	on june 24 , 2005 , he began what he said would be his last north american crusade .
0	phosphates are important in biochemistry .
0	it 's area is , making it the world 's tenth biggest island and canada 's third biggest island .
0	unfortunately for new york listeners , a big thunderstorm made it difficult to hear the music on the radio .
0	larry king has won several awards .
0	many types of honeysuckles have bell-shaped flowers .
0	it is also an official language of india .
0	this means that the space separating the two halves is only 60 km , or so .
0	the publication of the seth books established her as an important person in the world of the paranormal .
0	worf is a star trek : the next generation and star trek : deep space nine character .
0	behaviour is linked to the nervous system as well as the endocrine system .
0	according 1996 estimates , it has a population of 44,668 .
0	the judges have a 12-year term , but they must retire when reaching the age of 68 .
0	bradley said that the felon apprehension act was not yet law when hall was killed .
0	it is a part of the hindu yoga tradition .
0	may 27 - king philip vi of france is crowned .
0	after the reunification of east and west germany , they were prosecuted by berlin regional court .
0	august 6 – world war ii : americans and japanese fight the battle of vella gulf off kolombangara .
0	they also have a fovea , atypical for nocturnal animals .
0	it has three versions - pegasus , leo , and dragon .
0	the same bowler can not bowl two overs one after the other .
0	matilda married stephen i of england in 1119 .
0	acetylene is an unsaturated organic compound because its four atoms are triple bonded through a covalent bond .
0	the number of people living in the country is about 144,000,000 .
0	most of the ministers were from the von papen and von schleicher governments .
0	tampico is a village in whiteside county , illinois .
0	aeschylus fought against them at the battle of salamis and at the battle of plataea in 479 bc .
0	it was the commercial centre of the region .
0	it was created in 1899 in l'haÿ-les-roses , val-de-marne , france .
0	the company 's headquarters are in atlanta , georgia .
0	he played one game for the montreal canadiens in the national hockey league .
0	her younger sister shamita shetty is also a bollywood movie actress .
0	however , in many ways , west berlin functioned as the de facto 11th state of west germany .
0	the first video played was `` video killed the radio star '' by the buggles .
0	in biology , binomial nomenclature is how species are named .
0	the yarra trams fleet consists of 500 trams , operated from eight stations located around the system .
0	the marianas are the northernmost islands of a larger island group called micronesia .
0	optical fibers can be used as lasers .
0	in physics , an elementary particle is a particle not made up of smaller particles .
0	czech republic czech republic prague 24 .
0	light can travel inside the core and bounce off of the cladding .
0	most of the county is located in the districts follo and romerike .
0	there were twelve tropical cyclones .
0	the flowers are generally small and white , and are star-shaped .
0	vlc uses a large number of free decoding and encoding libraries .
0	agent brown is there .
0	the slip was released in three formats for free .
0	the island is named after the day of its discovery , ascension day .
0	there are many types of crossword puzzle .
0	protector of bohemia and moravia 1939-43 .
0	webkinz are stuffed animals .
0	each gland makes a ball shape on the wall of each vas deferens .
0	o tsing hua , fair tsing hua , our college bright !
0	another story says that the order was instituted , or re-instituted by robert i at the battle of bannockburn .
0	freezing is the process when a liquid turns into a solid .
0	a new deal mural in the bay minette post office is a painting of this story .
0	he is best known for his operas , orchestral music and songs .
0	soldiers captured by his army were treated well .
0	salmon eggs are also used as bait when fishing .
0	archery has historically been used in hunting and combat and has become a precision sport .
0	lad , a member of the net .
0	shutter is an american film released on march 21 , 2008 .
0	at the southwestern edge of the range is römer crater , and newcomb crater is in the northeastern section .
0	change in wind can be 90 degrees in direction and 40 kt in speed .
0	dunant was shocked by the suffering of the wounded soldiers , and the lack of medical help .
0	motivation people with bdd may often have little motivation for anything .
0	it joins in with the murray river .
0	the 2004 formula one season was the 55th edition of the championship .
0	according to the 1998 census has a population of 151,000 .
0	they have sold over 60 million albums and singles worldwide .
0	a record producer called lester melrose got him work with bluebird label .
0	in 2000 , the population was 6,885 .
0	this gene helps create sweat , digestive juices , and mucus .
0	their only child , bob jones , jr. was born october 19 , 1911 in montgomery .
0	the flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot .
0	they had three children .
0	every day hundreds of people from around the world make hundreds of changes and create lots of new articles .
0	sometimes the term `` fashion '' is used in a negative sense , to mean a `` fad '' .
0	lawrence left his 8,000 bird skins to the american museum of natural history .
0	he grew up in chicago , illinois .
0	he was also a political activist for the social democratic party of germany between 1918 and 1933 .
0	the next one is being held in 2011 , in new zealand .
0	they have very long and strong arms .
0	the moomba waterfest is a yearly festival in melbourne , australia .
0	a tablet from 1250 b.c . has musical notation which shows the names of the strings of a lyre .
0	events diophantus writes arithmetica the first systematic treatise on algebra .
0	their second album the promise was released in 2001 .
0	life and poetry william mcgonagall was born in edinburgh , scotland .
0	chief john ross was the leader of the cherokee tribe from 1818 until 1867 .
0	population in the town live approximately 18,000 inhabitants .
0	tiel is a town in the middle of the netherlands .
0	its chemical inertness makes it well suited for industrial applications such as gaskets , hoses , and corrosion-resistant coatings .
0	a fire occurs at st paul 's cathedral in london .
0	it is now a ruin in the care of english heritage , who also run a museum/visitor centre nearby .
0	biography biography from www.mikapohjola.com mika pohjola lived in vantaa , finland , outside helsinki until 1987 .
0	super mario bros. : the lost levels is a mario video game made by nintendo .
0	hospitals wake county has three main hospitals , rex hospital , wakemed , and duke raleigh hospital .
0	the serbian language is spoken in serbia , croatia , montenegro and bosnia and herzegovina .
0	the population was 10,894 at the 2000 census .
0	angel is a spin-off from the american television series buffy the vampire slayer .
0	most of the fallen stones were used to build palaces , churches , hospitals and other buildings in rome .
0	triple h raw triple h was wwe champion when drafted thus making the title smackdown exclusive .
0	they were named the kabuki and bunraku theaters .
0	the main reason , however , is the general lack of interest in anti-conformist and anti-government thoughts and behaviour .
0	amundsen was the first man to reach the south pole .
0	she was crowned queen when she was only 6 days old .
0	the raiders hire tom flores , the first hispanic head coach in nfl history .
0	he fought in the second world war .
0	the court system germany has three types of courts .
0	they became more popular but some critics and fans said they were compromising their image as artists .
0	with this , he caused germany to be in breach of the second london naval treaty of 1936 .
0	by 1910 , the spelling of this name was changed to niles center .
0	the county town of herefordshire is the cathedral city of hereford .
0	a volcano on the planet venus is named after sif .
0	mother is a female parent .
0	his parents died when he was young .
0	only the main walls remained .
0	dentition in the study of history dentition is important to people who study history .
0	if these witnesses can not be produced then the punishment can not be executed .
0	the performances were praised by the media as well as fans .
0	thunder bay is the most populous city in northwestern ontario .
0	the 1985 hesse coalition was to be based on an official policy agreement negotiated by both parties .
0	autoconfirmed users all logged-in users are also part of the 'user ' group .
0	it closed after several years of success .
0	west slavs are part of slavs people .
0	there are sixteen known iron oxides .
0	the chin is the most lower part of the face .
0	in 1999 , the mario party series started on the nintendo 64 .
0	in late 1961 , president john f. kennedy launched a number of secret operations against castro 's government .
0	however , johnson broke young 's career record for strikeouts .
0	goat rock is located at the south end of the beach .
0	burnside was born in harmontown , mississippi , in lafayette county .
0	it is the capital of the province of taranto .
0	whale song the male whale is known to sing for up to 22 hours at a time .
0	technical specifications 151 million transistors , with 2 mib l2 cache .
0	a seam ripper is a cutting tool .
0	whedon has said that more serenity comics are planned for the near future .
0	the brewery was finally closed in july 1999 .
0	the way of the master .
0	it is based on george bernard shaw 's pygmalion .
0	the 2006 commonwealth games were held in melbourne , australia between march 15 and march 26 , 2006 .
0	his early life hassan nasrallah was born in bourj hammoud , east beirut .
0	biography mary shelley was born on august 30 , 1797 in london , england .
0	most of the earth 's crust consists of oxides .
0	currently , chinchilla brevicaudata seems to be facing extinction .
0	they are found in all but the most simple electronic devices .
0	during a number of laps through hamburg , the waseberg hill is climbed a several times .
0	oberägeri is a municipality in the canton of zug in switzerland .
0	in 1969 britain gave gibraltar a new constitution .
0	elastic potential energy is stored in objects that are stretched , compressed , bent , or twisted .
0	the first message sent into space was a large gold-plated label on the space probe pioneer 10 .
0	it is between algeria , niger , burkina faso , côte d'ivoire , guinea , senegal and mauritania .
0	chemnitzer land is a district in the free state of saxony , germany .
0	rajputs- they are second in number but play active role in politics and bureaucracy .
0	all of them are named after saint andrew , a christian saint and one of the new testament apostles .
0	judicial branch : federal constitutional court the guardian of the basic law is the german federal constitutional court .
0	it is a sequel to star trek : the motion picture .
0	frankfurt-hahn airport , a growing low-fare carrier and cargo airport is there as well .
0	he is also a manifestation of god in the bahá ' í faith .
0	water is a molecule made of 2 hydrogen atoms and 1 oxygen atom .
0	his mother was francisca gonzález mateos , a woman of slender means from trujillo .
0	with the help of jay-z , fort minor released their first album , the rising tied .
0	they try to explain things through religion , science and philosophy .
0	vättern is also noted for its fishing .
0	all forces between atoms are caused by the electromagnetic force .
0	tobacco : in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness like that of heroin or cocaine .
0	the detroit tigers are a major league baseball team in detroit , michigan .
0	the capital is the city of morges .
0	the sect developed out of the seventh-century islamic sect known as the khawarij or kharijites .
0	the international border is actually between wellesley island in the united states and hill island in canada .
0	cossack armies fought in the second world war .
0	the first three were mostly because of the all-star play of ken dryden .
0	schaunard leaves quietly to give mimi and rodolfo time together .
0	it is the county seat of lackawanna county .
0	velocity is a vector that has both speed and direction .
0	in 1918 , he met lydia lopokova , a well-known russian ballerina , and they married in 1925 .
0	he tells xena to stop herc from going to thebes because theres a trap set for him there .
0	there were 1,952 people living in clinton as of the 2000 census .
0	during meiosis , cross over occurs .
0	katharina hammerschmidt 1943 1975 the gang used her house from around late 1970 .
0	the old world oriole or just oriole is a bird in the family oriolidae .
0	the movie was nominated for an academy award as best short film , live action .
0	black has escaped from the wizard prison , azkaban .
0	ensler graduated from middlebury college in 1975 .
0	the river aire is a river in the county of west yorkshire .
0	the martyr valentine became the patron saint of the lovers .
0	this term is used for collecting autographs of celebrities .
0	government granville county is part of the kerr-tar regional council of governments .
0	the battle of the somme happened in the first world war .
0	it is known that phospholipids form bilayers in water while under agitation– the same structure as in cell membranes .
0	he wrote the popular james bond dossier .
0	bundesliga hertha was a founder of the bundesliga in 1963 and was berlin 's reigning champion .
0	in the past , the colonies were at war with a cybernetic race known as the cylons .
0	isolde collapses beside him as the appearance of another ship is announced .
0	great expulsion of the acadians .
0	young went by the name `` dent young '' in his early years .
0	allegheny observatory in 1891 .
0	the time difference multiplied by the speed of light is the distance to the satellite .
0	this airport can serve 300 passengers per peak hour or 500,000 passengers per year .
0	it is said that he worked as a printer in mexico .
0	it lives from florida to central mexico and along the pacific coast during the winter .
0	in their eyes the words `` agur '' and `` lamuel '' were only other names for solomon .
0	valentine 's day is named for two martyred christian saints named valentine .
0	the book is the sixth harry potter book .
0	venice and genoa , which had both maritime , commercial , and territorial mini-empires .
0	the better flavour is due to the tree sending all its nutrients to the growing leaves .
0	the word cowboy comes from the spanish word vaquero .
0	salisbury cathedral is famous for the beauty of its lancet gothic architecture .
0	he started managing the band soil with malakian and tankian in 1993 after meeting them in a recording studio .
0	the epilogue is from jacob 's point of view .
0	the on board machines currently sell city saver , 2 hour and daily tickets .
0	its capital is called ciudad victoria .
0	there is a large museum of musical instruments .
0	vladimir i , prince of kiev marries anna , sister of byzantine emperor basil ii and converts to christianity .
0	such stars are said to be on the main sequence .
0	every year they play in a promenade concert in the royal albert hall .
0	some insects have what is called incomplete metamorphosis .
0	from pittsburgh he went to princeton university where he worked on his equilibrium theory .
0	this is a list of the gods and goddesses of greek mythology .
0	the statue of freedom is on top of the capitol .
0	some thick limestone beds dating to the mid- to late-paleozoic are entirely made up of disarticulated crinoid fragments .
0	the supreme court building is home of the supreme court of the united states .
0	the cecil higgins art gallery is in the victorian home of the higgins family who used to be brewers .
0	he died of lung cancer in 1975 .
0	leicestershire was recorded in the domesday book .
0	by the middle of the 16th century , a large number of masses composed used the parody technique .
0	the reflecting pool is long and can be seen in many photographs of the washington monument .
0	he skated at the 2006 winter olympics and came in 12th .
0	one example is the steeping of corn , part of the milling process .
0	ford died in his home in california on december 26 , 2006 .
0	the west midlands is one of the most heavily urbanised counties in the uk .
0	a tail is the section at the rear end of an animal 's body .
0	a warmer time period lasted from around 300,000 until 200,000 years ago .
0	the following is a table grouping the moons of the solar system by diameter .
0	immediately afterwards , the title returned to being the wwe championship .
0	they contain most of the blood during an erection .
0	vacheron constantin is a swiss watch manufacture .
0	the visual system is the part of the nervous system which allows organisms to see .
0	frederick drowned in cilicia in 1190 .
0	alpirsbach is a town in the district of freudenstadt , baden-württemberg , germany .
0	today seminars keep being held around the world and have an alumni base of more than 2.5 million .
0	dr wee kim wee .
0	the word pix was first used in 1932 in variety , a magazine .
0	logroño is a city in northern spain .
0	in november 2005 , the concerts were released on dvd .
0	the pennines are a mountain range in england .
0	there is also an airport near batman .
0	basic beliefs there is one god , called ahura mazda in their beliefs , the one uncreated creator .
0	events siege of jerusalem during the first crusade : july 8 - 15,000 starving christian soldiers march around jerusalem .
0	in 2009 pokémon heartgold and soulsilver will be released in japan in september .
0	strauß said this was treason and rudolf augstein , editor of the magazine , was arrested for 103 days .
0	irene goergens 1951 daughter of an american soldier .
0	he was buried in the grounds of wahnfried .
0	later , he failed a fourth time , and gave up his bid to be elected .
0	some of them are the earliest christian documents .
0	its county seat is concord .
0	charizard is a character of the pokémon anime and video game series .
0	main religions in the region are sikhism , hinduism and islam .
0	koksijde is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
0	he was born in new york city , usa in 1952 .
0	the tour lasts about three weeks .
0	otters are playful and energetic .
0	when a bond is broken , energy is released .
0	it lives from florida to central mexico and along the pacific coast during the winter .
0	the player to the left of the big blind player starts the betting .
0	work beham made about 252 engravings , 18 etchings and 1500 woodcuts .
0	it tells the story of two teenagers who suddenly become science geniuses .
0	she was born in gävle , sweden , and grew up in stockholm .
0	the contestant in control had to predict whether each card was higher or lower than the card before it .
0	the mosquito 's saliva carries the plasmodium into the person .
0	this is an important difference with the other romance languages and also with made-up languages like esperanto and ido .
0	tuscaloosa is a city and county seat of tuscaloosa county , alabama .
0	some clinics are operated , or run , by employers .
0	tim minear also helped at times .
0	it is also the name of many catholic parishes , religious orders , and stores selling catholic goods .
0	names of places and people are proper nouns .
0	this led to the growth of a tourist industry , with package tours and plenty of comfortable inns .
0	a water pipe for smoking hashish is called a `` bong '' .
0	this first temple was destroyed by the babylonians in 586 bce .
0	gauchos use boleadoras to capture running cattle or game .
0	it was often used by non-communist nations to describe themselves .
0	dougie donnelly and dougie vipond are the main presenters of the program .
0	the mojave solar park will deliver 553 mw of solar thermal power when fully operational in 2011 .
0	geoffrey of anjou marries matilda , daughter of henry i of england .
0	they divorced in 1947 .
0	many of his followers are from taiwan , singapore , and malaysia .
0	she has released one studio album .
0	fox noggin at nite airing thru the rest of the channel 's airtime .
0	archeological excavation and carbon dating of grape pips from the area have dated back to 7000-5000bc .
0	it has a population of about 7 million people .
0	he was promoted to a full professor at age 24 .
0	mayhew appears on the album trespass and the genesis archive 1967-75 box set .
0	he is the member of parliament for the doncaster north constituency in the united kingdom .
0	melaka fray also appears in the story `` tales '' in the comic book tales of the slayers .
0	the anaheim ducks are an ice hockey team from anaheim , california , california .
0	hungary 's official language is the hungarian language .
0	charlotte amalie is the capital of the united states virgin islands .
0	the capital of arcadia is the tripoli .
0	storm names the following names will be used for named storms that form in the atlantic basin in 2007 .
0	postl was drafted to ecw on june 25 , 2008 as part of the 2008 wwe supplemental draft .
0	operation rsa involves a public key and private key .
0	most of the continental crust is much older .
0	british empire the british used north america as a penal colony .
0	catia is written in c++ .
0	it has 12 edges and 6 corners .
0	apollo justice : ace attorney - stars a new character called apollo justice .
0	the government has set up industry-specific free zones throughout the city .
0	they are regarded as being distinct from other aboriginal peoples of the rest of australia .
0	a substituted template can add a lot of wiki-code or html to the article .
0	the earliest known eutherian species is the extinct eomaia scansoria from the lower cretaceous in china .
0	they were founded in 1869 , and are the oldest professional club in scotland .
0	these items included black pepper , pearls , ivory , silk , diamonds , sapphires , and tortoiseshell .
0	an old wives ' tale says that bats will entangle themselves in people 's hair .
0	in 1978 he started tenzing norgay adventures , a company providing trekking adventures in the himalaya .
0	west ham united football club is an english football club .
0	he began acting in theaters in vienna , breslau , and zürich .
0	he has had parkinson 's disease for about 15 years , as well as many other problems .
0	it was named after telesto in greek mythology .
0	the first movement is in sonata form .
0	ravitch the ravitch technique is from the 1950s .
0	british sea power is an indie rock band from cumbia , england .
0	taekwondo develops force , speed , balance , flexibility , and stamina .
0	the carpets manufactured in kilmarnock were internationally known for their quality and intricacy since the late 1800s .
0	the 2005 formula one season was the 56th edition of the championship .
0	dana reeve died of lung cancer in march 2006 .
0	dispensationalism divides human history into separate groups .
0	konkani people from kerala use malayalam script .
0	each ovary is attached to the fallopian tube .
0	he discovered them while studying medicine in the university of pavia , italy .
0	there was a ruhleben football association .
0	television network , commonly called the wb , was a television network in the united states .
0	a defensive wall is a fortification used to defend a city from potential aggressors .
0	each is supreme in turn .
0	batman became very unhealthy after 1835 , and he separated from his wife , convict elizabeth callaghan .
0	there are four forms : papillary , follicular , medullary and anaplastic .
0	it is located in metcard zone 2 .
0	most of those are in still in development , being improved and changed constantly .
0	a transformer is a machine that moves electrical energy from one circuit to another through electromagnetism .
0	its home airport is john f. kennedy international airport .
0	some of the important sites in this era were chichen itza , uxmal , edzná , and coba .
0	hantuchová speaks six languages and can play the piano .
0	treviranus uses the term biology for the first time .
0	on july 27 , 2006 , intel released newer core version- core 2 .
0	a shoe is also an item of clothing .
0	the mayor is ron huldai .
0	the ride lasts 38.5 seconds .
0	jinnah did not like this marriage , but continued to correspond with his daughter .
0	it is a major port on the amazon .
0	the main products of the farms around the river are cereals .
0	in 1901 , king camp gillette invented the first razor with disposable razor blades .
0	its area is 236.68 km² .
0	events vietnam is given the name of annam by china .
0	saint augustine becomes bishop of hippo regius .
0	in this numbers are included the population of the municipal districts el naranjal , el pinar and nizao-las auyamas .
0	deanda is of mexican descent .
0	audio players many companies make small solid-state digital audio players .
0	the growth of economy of south indian states are higher than national average growth over the past three decades .
0	he played james bond more time than any other actor .
0	if the mass is doubled , the threshold is also doubled .
0	he was born in pitane , a town of aeolis , in asia minor .
0	it stars leonardo dicaprio and tom hanks .
0	he worked as a kitchen boy at a cheap paris cafe in exchange for a room and food .
0	in chemistry , iron is element 26 , a transition metal in group 8 .
0	aarschot is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
0	the names not retired from this list will be used again in the 2012 season .
0	these dogs were trained by the soviet union during world war ii to be used against german armored vehicles .
0	cranston grew up in kirkland lake , ontario .
0	the cn tower is a communications and tourist tower in toronto , ontario , canada .
0	she was educated at the pennsylvania academy of the fine arts .
0	its name comes from linth and maag the main tributaries of the lake of zürich .
0	it is most common among males aged 15-40 years .
0	frugalware a general purpose linux distribution .
0	the hungarian name for the language is magyar .
0	he has composed the scores for more than 500 movies and television programs .
0	marth returned to super smash bros .
0	there is also a large and highly unusual head of lenin in the central square .
0	the buffalo bills are a professional american football team located in buffalo , new york .
0	in 1940 , princess elizabeth made her first radio broadcast during the bbc 's children 's hour .
0	after the concert , they said it was `` the best gig of our lives '' .
0	heavier isotopes react slower than lighter isotopes of the same element .
0	districts there are two districts in klang , klang north and klang south .
0	it was first performed , with hans von bülow conducting , in munich on 10 june 1865 .
0	december - battle of ticameron : belisarius defeats a new vandal force under gelimer and tzazo .
0	the chronicles of narnia : prince caspian is a 2008 fantasy movie by disney and walden media .
0	this is the only known case of a human being hit by a rock from space .
0	all information read here is without any warranty of fitness for any purpose or use whatsoever .
0	the question is whether changing choices increases the chances of getting the car .
0	now diego must fight against the gods that made him to save the woman he loves .
0	the tool usually has a handle , shaft , and head .
0	a simple ion is formed from a single atom .
0	it is , more like the eastern and western grey kangaroos .
0	dalgety bay is a coastal town in fife , scotland .
0	she is a bbc radio 3 new generation artist .
0	the glorious company of apostles praise thee .
0	in their eyes the words `` agur '' and `` lamuel '' were only other names for solomon .
0	most web browsers allow users to choose whether to accept cookies .
0	the first group is sri lankan tamils .
0	the first school was opened in a log house in january 1901 .
0	the bronze age and the iron age come right after the stone age .
0	it is the most prestigious , private high school in turkey .
0	endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart .
0	it will be challenging to integrating these findings into a working taxonomy .
0	the first episode was broadcast on the bbc on november 16 , 1969 .
0	more recently , plaza has been used to describe a shopping center , similar to a shopping mall .
0	burlington airpark , is a two runway airport located in burlington , ontario .
0	the demonstrations , meetings and strikes all but shut the university down .
0	the mosque had been built where the former visigothic cathedral had stood .
0	the organization produces the well-known voluntary film rating system .
0	it is on for sixteen days ending on the first sunday in october .
0	a playwright is a person who writes plays for the stage .
0	he is one of the most famous 20th century musicians .
0	ten years later , diego is living in east los angeles , california .
0	it sold three million copies in ten weeks and was the fastest selling video game of 2006 .
0	moraines may be made of silt like glacial flour to large boulders .
0	hanover is located at the river leine .
0	females lay between three and eight large , pale green-blue eggs at a time .
0	apposition eyes apposition eyes are the most common form of eye .
0	dolley ’ s mother was mary coles .
0	heatley won the calder memorial trophy in 2002 .
0	the b-29 stayed in service for a long time after the war ended .
0	late frosts can damage the flowers .
0	eggs are a good source of protein and choline .
0	the term `` fashion '' is often used a synonym for glamour and style .
0	william 's horse was killed from under him and he fell to the ground .
0	other websites ara gevorgian 's official site gevorgyan at persons .
0	industry chelmsford has been an important centre for industry since the 19th century .
0	in 1972 , roll was spotted with tommy weissbecker outside a hotel in augsburg .
0	a pond is a body of water smaller than a lake .
0	however the true egyptian pronunciation is not known because their writing system left out vowels .
0	it lasted from 1204 to 1261 .
0	exploitation aquifers can occur at various depths .
0	she started to learn the oboe at her school , downe house , near newbury .
0	there are other configurations with different values of the cosmological constant , which are metastable but long-lived .
0	everywhere he goes , he seduces the local women , even the devil 's wife .
0	references joseph p. farrell .
0	he also voiced rabbit in winnie the pooh and a day for eeyore .
0	it was directed by frank marshall and written by david digilio .
0	in 1986 , he became professor at the free university of berlin and the technical university of berlin .
0	after liu bei 's death in 223 , zhuge liang was a regent for the new emperor liu shan .
0	on returning to england he was in jesuit orders for a while , before working as a priest .
0	he served as majority leader from 1977 to 1981 and again from 1987 to 1989 .
0	their gills are often in a form of feathery plumes on their backs .
0	shche nam , brattia ukrayintsi , usmikhnet'sia dolia .
0	british pancakes are similar to french crêpes , and italian crespelle , but do not look `` lacy '' .
0	central daylight time daylight saving time occurs from early april to late october .
0	the supremes were the most successful act on motown in the 1960s .
0	mongols seize moscow , at that time a small town .
0	graphite , with clay , is in pencils .
0	early life there are different views about his early life .
0	they have a police and fire department .
0	majority of the population of the district practise hinduism .
0	the name joseph is used mostly in english and french-speaking countries .
0	little else is known regarding their feeding habits .
0	heat transfer can never be stopped ; it can only be slowed down .
0	it sits at the mouth of the river wear .
0	caykur rizespor is a sports club in rize , turkey .
0	protégera nos foyers et nos droits ; protégera nos foyers et nos droits .
0	the city became a part of tuscany in 1847 and later a part of italy .
0	bannu district is a district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
0	since the sun rises in the east , it got the name puerta del sol .
0	it may be used for sitting on to make a chair or couch more comfortable .
0	neuhaus am rennweg is a german ski city in the south of thuringia .
0	the colonial state and imperialist france later used it for getting troops of mercenaries and colonists during august 1764 .
0	aberdeen grammar school opened .
0	geography dar es salaam is located on a large harbour on the eastern indian ocean coast of africa .
0	out of these it is khanty and mansi that are the most closely related to hungarian .
0	his first acting role was as a robot in a school play .
0	in about 1749 , the family moved to a house in the city of zaragoza .
0	daikoku 's connection with wealth and success started a strange ritual known as fuku-nusubi .
0	abroad , chávez is known for supporting alternative models of economic development .
0	this former municipality was put together with two other villages to form the new municipality of collina d'oro .
0	the boston tea party was one of the main things that started the american revolutionary war .
0	events april — the last byzantine-controlled city in southern italy , bari , is captured by robert guiscard .
0	it is run by the oracle education foundation .
0	the remaining 20 are always assigned as follows : 10 seats for the representatives of the serbs .
0	it is a tributary of the mississippi river .
0	it 's based on the book darkly dreaming dexter written by jeff lindsay .
0	other websites official site bell 's cathedrals : the cathedral church of carlisle - from project gutenberg .
0	that means they deal goods that they do not produce themselves , in order to get profit .
0	they also issued orders banning all political activities and banned most newspapers .
0	it has a population of over 464,678 inhabitants .
0	song the song of the black-capped chickadee is a clear whistle .
0	zgorzelec was a part of görlitz until 1945 .
0	also , the fire may have cremated many , leaving no recognisable remains .
0	the band then went on to tour europe .
0	the denver broncos won the super bowl in 1997 and 1998 .
0	böbikon is a municipality of the district zurzach in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
0	the bank does not force the beggers to give up begging but tries to get them selling low-priced items .
0	various religions divide the commandments differently .
0	honey is a 2003 movie released by universal pictures .
0	school hendrix finished middle school but did not graduate from his high school , garfield high school .
0	they have also found clay tablets written in linear b script .
0	ganymede 's discoverer is galileo galilei who confirmed its existence in 1610 .
0	the capital of the state is bhopal .
0	some states have more than one official state song .
0	they are an extinct group of ammonoid , which are similar to squids and cuttlefish .
0	the record was unbeaten until 1984 , when francesco moser broke it using a specially designed bicycle .
0	it is located on the country 's atlantic coast on the western edge of africa .
0	life genet 's mother was a young prostitute who put him up for adoption .
0	hemingway was happy in key west .
0	elvira comes down to the street .
0	the wigmore hall 's director is john gilhooly .
0	engraving is so fine that a normal printer can not make the detail of hand engraved images properly .
0	interpretations both homo antecessor and homo heidelbergensis proably evolved from homo ergaster from africa .
0	however , given the role of nasal cilia , many doctors recommend trimming them lightly , if at all .
0	after japan lost the war , the city was rebuilt .
0	in industry , certain processes need conditions of exceptional cleanliness which are achieved by working in cleanrooms .
0	it is also mixed with magnesium to produce strong metal used in aircraft engines .
0	david hockney and r.b kitaj that he was first identified with the young british pop art movement .
0	the name chaucer is french and means shoemaker .
0	we now have four ways of playing our row : prime , retrograde , inversion , retrograde inversion .
0	the town has two railway stations .
0	he married barinova elena aleksandrovna .
0	the school takes children from the age of 11 to the age of 18 .
0	the emperors became figureheads , controlled by warlords like ras mikael sehul of tigray .
0	it was opened by the queen on 2 june 1967 , at the start of the twentieth aldeburgh festival .
0	meetings of the ipcc bureau , workshops , experts and lead authors are by invitation only .
0	in 2007 , she became the presenter of itv 's coverage of the british touring car championship .
0	the differential coefficient of f is a constant function only if f is a linear function .
0	manure is organic matter used as fertilizer in agriculture .
0	it is played by four people in two teams .
0	partly built by gulag labor in soviet times , industrial contamination is a big problem in the area .
0	it was the band 's twelfth studio album , and is based on the soundtrack to the film highlander .
0	some kinds form pure stands in areas with poor drainage or regular flooding .
0	it is the third largest district in occupied kashmir after leh and kargil .
0	he earned his law degree from the university of mississippi school of law in 1981 .
0	she attended taroona high school and then continued her education at hobart matriculation college .
0	on march 30 , 1945 the city was taken by the ussr .
0	some quakers are `` post-christian '' and some non-theists .
0	in the year 1932 , duke bagrat aleksandrovich married petrachuk olga alekseevna , the daughter of merchant .
0	it is required to calculate the twist of an object subjected to a torque .
0	references mimaran-i iran by zohreh bozorg-nia .
0	he is best known for conducting the new york philharmonic and for composing west side story and candide .
0	the capital and seat of government is bismarck .
0	in germany , it was shown on rtl at 20:15 .
0	duct tape was designed during world war ii .
0	there were many newspapers and magazines published for young pioneers .
0	he repented of his sin of running away from god through prayer for three days and nights .
0	with 239 km² in area , the canton is one of the smallest of the cantons .
0	sushi is made with rice .
0	scotland resists a small invasion force from england .
0	it is the only dick novel to win a hugo award .
0	nowadays their abbeys are seen as beautiful ruins in the english countryside .
0	her sister , aimee , is an actress and a writer .
0	in popular usage , stereo usually means 2-channel sound recording and sound reproduction using data two speakers .
0	this was because if a pilot closed his eyes he would miss his target .
0	the team bowling has 11 players on the field .
0	geschichte des hellenismus , vol .
0	in dutch the language is called nederlands .
0	andres asks wozzeck why he is sitting by himself .
0	it burned down on one occasion .
0	the indian ocean joins the pacific ocean to the west , near australia .
0	it is the tallest and fastest roller coaster in the world .
0	if you have questions , wikiproject awards is a group of volunteers who help guide these pages .
0	a birthday cake is usually decorated and covered with candles .
0	fortune-telling is more for personal things .
0	his wife and three of his six children survived him .
0	spiny lobsters are also called crayfish , sea crayfish or crawfish .
0	it is next to mali , niger , benin , togo , ghana and côte d'ivoire .
0	the first name for a new year will be the first name that was not used the previous year .
0	the term comes from the latin patronatus .
0	it has been translated into more than 100 languages .
0	on 22 october 2006 , cevio became bigger when it came together with the villages of bignasco and cavergno .
0	igrejinha is a brazilian city of the state of rio grande do sul .
0	in northern europe , societies were able to live well on rich food supplies from the marshlands .
0	he gets wozzeck out of bed to fight with him .
0	a ball that is hit with a bat and flies in between the foul lines is a fair ball .
0	florenville is a municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
0	jordan won two olympic gold medals for basketball .
0	robert ferrars — the younger brother of edward ferrars and fanny dashwood .
0	sommerfeld died in 1951 by an traffic accident .
0	it is also considered to be a model organism for modern cell biology .
0	he was the gold medal winner of the ii prix français de la danse 1982 .
0	the current president of ireland is mary mcaleese .
0	koechlin became a freelance composer and teacher .
0	he fought many battles and extended the pandya power .
0	he took piano lessons from clara ’ s father , friedrich wieck .
0	galena is a mineral and an important lead ore .
0	traffic cones come in many different colors , with orange , yellow and red being the most common colors .
0	there is a route across the sahara desert from east to west and this is used for trade .
0	a sequel called toy story 2 was released in 1999 .
0	badshah munir bukhari worked on the language and its family .
0	the music is read from left to right .
0	in some case , the icj allows ad hoc judges .
0	the crust and mantle make up the lithosphere .
0	since 1980 , jean picker firstenberg has been ceo .
0	niklaus is a municipality in the district lebern in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
0	it lived during age of the lower cretaceous .
0	he went to germany , austria , russia and england .
0	submitting work you can not stop everyone in the world from editing 'your ' wikipedia pages .
0	green day recorded two eps later that year : slappy and sweet children , lookout !
0	it lies in the downstream yangtze river drainage basin and yangtze river delta .
0	it will tend neither to sink nor float .
0	larry bird summary nba.com .
0	as it became popular , parts of its fantasy world moved into how people see the fantasy genre .
0	the first recorded use of lime as a color name in english was in 1905 .
0	ticino valley and maggia valley .
0	it is a colorless and flammable liquid with a sweet smell and a high melting point .
0	events of 1445 dinas diaz discovers senegal and cape verde .
0	geography kornwestheim lies about 10 km in the north of stuttgart .
0	the fall of hyperion is the second science fiction book in his hyperion cantos series by dan simmons .
0	the main artery going out of the right ventricle is the pulmonary artery .
0	most were built during the old and middle kingdom periods .
0	a driving car from one of the original trains is now in the british national railway museum in york .
0	the braille alphabet braille can be seen as the world 's first binary character encoding .
0	speech day the school holds its speech day every year in march or april .
0	donceel is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	pairs of towers on the east and west sides had gates through which the rue saint-antoine passed .
0	brünnhilde is left alone with gunther and hagen .
0	in 1770 cook sailed through the strait after sailing up the east coast of the continent .
0	in 1575 , she married nádasdy .
0	a dutch ship makes the first recorded sighting of the coast of south australia .
0	the storm formed near honduras on june 8 and moved north .
0	another place of interest is a brazilian-style church which is now a mosque .
0	the imperial palace covers about 12 percent of this area .
0	the 14 million year old fossils of gazelles , rhinoceroses , crocodiles , giraffes and rodents have been found .
0	he is best known for his role of simon camden on the television series 7th heaven .
0	ali has also won an olympic gold medal for boxing during the 1960 summer olympics in rome , italy .
0	shortly before the release of visor om slutet raimoranta died , because he fell of a bridge in helsinki .
0	pythagoras was born in samos , a little island off the western coast of asia minor .
0	it is part of the castlevania series , and the third castlevania game on the game boy advance .
0	it can be used to make css , javascript , and other web technologies .
0	it 's in the east of the state of brandenburg .
0	as the hill people lack awareness about the markets .
0	about a year later he went to study at the gymnasium poeticum in regensburg .
0	princess iman was educated at sandhurst , the royal military academy in england .
0	he has piercing black eyes and his face was as smooth as he had just shaved .
0	a data storage device is a storage medium .
0	the city of eisenach is nearly completely surrounded by wartburgbreis .
0	busses from bedford travel to northampton , milton keynes , cambridge , oxford and other towns in the region .
0	in 1969 he moved to the fub in speyer , and was the university president from 1971 to 1972 .
0	the population of telford is 150,000 .
0	they have been inducted in to the rock and roll hall of fame .
0	after his father died , johns and his three brothers worked in the copper mines .
0	germany 's defeat in the first world war .
0	they are ministers in their home state of maryland .
0	upn shut down on september 15 , 2006 , and was replaced with the cw television network .
0	these eyes were used to search for food .
0	all the crews of these warships were given hms hero cap tallies for filming purposes .
0	gellar appeared in the sequel the grudge 2 .
0	joey jordison suggested naming the band slipknot , after a song thay had made .
0	third form frieza 's third form is again more brutish , with an extremely elongated skull .
0	t. e. lawrence surveyed the site , and an anglo-turkish excavation was begun in 1951 .
0	alexander 's father died on 6 july 1249 and he officially became king at the age of eight .
0	it is traditionally worn across both shoulders .
0	treaty was finally signed on 6 december , 1921 .
0	small clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers .
0	before he was an actor , he was a bodybuilder and won the mister universe title seven times .
0	the only emperor in the world today is the ruler of japan .
0	the nfl europa is an european american football league .
0	de launay ordered his guards to stop shooting and he gave up the fortress .
0	in many states , there are villages which are bigger than the smallest cities in the state .
0	rocks cluster distribution a distribution for building a high-performance computing computer cluster .
0	texas a & m university–corpus christi is a public university in corpus christi , texas , united states .
0	he was born william fitzmaurice in dublin in ireland .
0	they won the nobel prize in physiology or medicine in 2005 for their work .
0	mclachlan received the elizabeth cady stanton visionary award in 1998 for helping women 's music .
0	he served in a variety of government jobs .
0	she has been among people magazine 's 50 most beautiful people in the world eight times .
0	in all of these types , the dominant vegetation is grass , moss , and lichens .
0	seven of the children died at birth or at a very young age .
0	the winner of a debate may be decided by the audiences vote , by judges , or by both .
0	winnie the pooh is a fictional bear created by a. a. milne .
0	studies in the 2000s have shown that a lot of dust could also weaken a hurricane .
0	genis ' sister raine and the mercenary kratos join them .
0	southwest it borders the bergisches land .
0	government johnston county is a member of the regional triangle j council of governments .
0	the name is the longest place name in the united states .
0	a subsystem is a little system within a big system .
0	under the westminster system , an item of legislation is known as an act of parliament .
0	a bowl is a container for food .
0	karstula is a municipality in central finland .
0	eight communist bloc countries including the soviet union sign a mutual defence treaty called the warsaw pact .
0	then he moved to rome , where he worked as a singer for cardinal cristoforo madruzzo .
0	eolas went bankrupt in 2000 and the eolas tv company became mactv .
0	he served in the florida house of representatives .
0	also see bbc 6 music news story .
0	his time there changed his life : `` it changed what i believe and what i think about everything .
0	rhenium made as a by-product of molybdenum refinement .
0	the billy graham center says graham was converted in 1934 during a revival meeting in charlotte , north carolina .
0	it is insoluble in water , but soluble in carbon disulphide .
0	fourth major outbreak of the sweating sickness in england .
0	the nearest commercial jet airport is on the neighboring island of saint martin .
0	this article was copied and pasted from the 1917 gray 's anatomy , which is in the public domain .
0	the 1965 summer convention was held at kewadin , northern michigan .
0	rogers was born in west palm beach , florida .
0	it was founded 1919 and is one of the biggest in germany .
0	in december 1964 construction workers in stepney , london , accidentally found anne 's coffin .
0	st. faustina had a picture of this vision painted .
0	referendum on 9 march schuschnigg announced a plebiscite on the independence of austria for 13 march .
0	marcus david went pro in mma on august 22 , 2003 with a first round tko of shaun gay .
0	although gautama had everything he could want , he still was not happy .
0	this is known as raoult 's law .
0	in surface weather analyses , fronts are depicted using various colored lines and symbols .
0	the usual format is to print a black-and-white picture of the stamp in each space .
0	however , the island has not had the same level of intensive development as other parts of the mediterranean .
0	a group may try to change the way people act towards an issue .
0	role confusion is a situation where an individual has trouble to decide which role he/she should play .
0	it ranked 24th most expensive city of the world in 2007 .
0	he wrote soundtracks for a number of french and british films , and then for hollywood movies , too .
0	the armed forces day parade shows people many military vehicles and soldiers .
0	schwerin von krosigk was sentenced to 10 years imprisonment but was released during an amnesty in 1951 .
0	in central asia , islam expanded starting in the 7th century .
0	the boundary of the constituency was changed , and in 2005 he was elected for the aberdeen north constituency .
0	it is the second book in a series that follows the main character cadel piggot .
0	in 1924 , he met the singer and actress lotte lenya .
0	today , kimonos are worn only at special times .
0	in annunciation style dating the new year started on 25 march , the feast of the annunciation .
0	the earliest recorded visit was in march 1688 by william dampier of the british ship cygnet .
0	on 27th september 1794 , the constitution came into effect .
0	traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still important .
0	floreffe is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	erin blamed mel for the death of their brother for a long time .
0	the city has a population of 2.3 million people .
0	arabs lose madrid to the kingdom of leon .
0	ernst badian argues thucydideshad a pro-athenian bias .
0	monte carasso is a municipality of the district bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	only four nations have not signed it : india , israel , pakistan and north korea .
0	members of the house of bourbon also ruled naples , sicily , and parma in the past .
0	in 1667 spain formally claimed them , and named them after spanish queen mariana of austria .
0	gein died of cancer on july 26 , 1984 , at the age of 78 .
0	this is of particular importance since there has been a silicon shortage in recent years .
0	here he earned his degree in medicine .
0	when henry iii unexpectedly died in 1056 , the six-year-old henry iv became king without problems .
0	the first secretary of the treasury was alexander hamilton .
0	tsv schwieberdingen is a german football club .
0	mbi has three major ministries : education , broadcasting and publishing .
0	onegin is left in despair .
0	he is still keen on punishing cherubino .
0	it was built in 1907 by jules and raymond février .
0	the cardinal hume rose is named after him .
0	love is based on respect , admiration , and communication .
0	polyphosphates cause polymerization of amino acids into peptides .
0	it is the centre of the region of north karelia .
0	it got a royal charter in 1754 from king george ii of great britain .
0	other websites dna workshop wehi-tv - dna replication video- detailed dna replication animation from different angles with description below .
0	his first wife , whose name we do n't know , died during the war 1462 .
0	this gene family is used to control embryonic development in all multicellular animals .
0	it eats a mixture of grass and water plants .
0	she turned professional in 1992 .
0	an exception is the polar bear , which eats mostly meat .
0	sankofa 's lawyers also filed a civil suit saying the execution was against his civil rights .
0	the climate in lower egypt is milder than that of upper egypt .
0	her father is the mathematician jean-pierre serre , fields medal and abel prize .
0	an oven used for heating or industrial processes is called a furnace .
0	this causes the earth 's temperature to be warmer than it would be without greenhouse gases .
0	borg also won six french open titles .
0	on july 19 , 2003 , she married musician mark wilkerson .
0	since independence , the city has grown more quickly .
0	it is the county town of herefordshire .
0	he usually plays as a central midfielder .
0	on october 1 , 1964 the university of california , berkeley exploded into the free speech movement .
0	yantras function as revelatory symbols of cosmic truths .
0	see also number names .
0	however , he started appearing in several cms when he lost weight asian entertainment .
0	after graduation , he worked in many spheres in national economy of ussr .
0	it serves both developed and developing countries and acts as a neutral forum where all nations meet as equals .
0	it dates back to the times of the spanish rule over latin america .
0	the royal navy 's battleships hms hood and hms prince of wales were sent to sink the bismarck .
0	they soon find out that drek has a weapon called the `` deplanetizer '' .
0	the site of the bastille is now called the place de la bastille .
0	an artery is a blood vessel that carries blood away from the heart to other parts of the body .
0	he first saw modern art when visiting the studio of achilles moortgat .
0	early pictures of the balalaika show it had between two and six strings , like some central asian instruments .
0	nick enters with a `` fantastic baroque machine '' which seems to turn stones into bread .
0	he asks the captain to take the boy or to hang him .
0	he became a deacon and then a priest .
0	dependent areas are territories and overseas territories that do not possess full independence or sovereignty as states/countries .
0	widespread resistance against the bigger power throughout the provinces lead to the batavian republic in 1795 .
0	in 1522 willaert had a job at the court chapel of duke alfonso ; he stayed there until 1525 .
0	lions sometimes live for over 20 years in captivity .
0	in 1963 singapore joined with malaya , sabah and sarawak to form the new nation of malaysia .
0	during world war ii camouflage became a common feature in military uniforms .
0	it was commissioned in 1806 after the victory at austerlitz by emperor napoléon bonaparte .
0	traditionally it is seen as a branch of biological sciences .
0	barcelona is on the mediterranean coast .
0	the coriolis effect causes winds to spiral .
0	the vibe was sold in japan by toyota as the voltz from 2002 to 2004 .
0	heathrow terminal 4 , opened 12 april 1986 .
0	other neighbouring countries are australia to the south , singapore to the northwest , and philippines to the northeast .
0	the lower church has frescos by many late-medieval artists .
0	people at that time only knew this work in an arrangement for the flute .
0	location there is a small park at the end of taylor street .
0	it is mainly white with five horizontal bands in the uci colours around the chest .
0	about 500,000 people have to leave , the largest evacuation in the area 's history .
0	lobsters , crabs , shrimp , and barnacles are familiar crustaceans .
0	braine-l'alleud is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	there he won the baritone , george beverly shea as director of music for many years .
0	it is written in the latin alphabet like english .
0	edwin and neville go down to the river to see the storm .
0	the largest city is saskatoon followed by the province 's capital , regina .
0	tears are a liquid made by the body to clean and lubricate the eyes .
0	massacre on 28 april 1996 , martin bryant killed 35 people and hurt 37 others at port arthur .
0	spiders have small hairs on their legs that they can hear with .
0	in 1969 , major league baseball played those events officially by starting professional baseball .
0	she also finished runner-up with max mirnyi from belarus in the 2000 us open .
0	saint-nicolas-de-port is a town in france .
0	hermes is the son of zeus and maia .
0	in aqueous solution , hydrogen peroxide can oxidize or reduce a variety of inorganic ions .
0	there are eight planets in the solar system .
0	crime rate in russia sharply increased since the late 1980s .
0	economy the plainisphare record label is in vich .
0	by 1563 lassus had been made maestro di cappella .
0	a city does not automatically have a lord mayor or lord provost in scotland .
0	grenville went to school at eton college and at christ church college , oxford .
0	she is the member of parliament for the pontefract and castleford constituency in the united kingdom .
0	ravel took about three years to compose the music for daphnis et chloé .
0	his car was passing through the st. george hotel in the lebanese capital , beirut .
0	on november 10 , the trio , now known as mnm , won the ovw southern tag team championship .
0	homeless people also have much more severe dental problems than the general population .
0	many itzá people hid in the jungle for years .
0	it has muscle tissue .
0	water flows at different speeds at different parts of the river .
0	a bookcase , or bookshelf , is a piece of furniture that is used to hold books .
0	in a reception room tatyana has had a letter from onegin .
0	it is most often used in arenas for sports that are normally played on grass .
0	all nine cast members were chosen before filming began .
0	she is both the youngest governor of alaska and the first female governor of the state .
0	aurora asked zeus to grant immortality to tithonus .
0	joined cases 286/82 and 26/83 graziana luisi and giuseppe carbone v ministero del tesoro .
0	in some contexts , it is shortened to apap , for n-acetyl-para-aminophenol .
0	in ancient times , people would change the text of the sermon .
0	the revivals are thought to be the time when graham became a national religious figure .
0	by the 1960s , more than 200 man-made lakes had been made .
0	trees grow shorter until they simply stop growing .
0	its tail section even lights up during acceleration .
0	at oxford he was successful in athletics , competing in sprinting and hurdling .
0	john sebastian and nrbq also contributed to its score .
0	the first one was for his 1984 release , live from chicago : mr. superharp himself !
0	it was first published in 1811 .
0	the university of cambridge is well known worldwide .
0	sacramento is near where the american river meets the sacramento river .
0	his travel writings and his diaries and letters have also been published .
0	education england , northern ireland , scotland and wales have separate systems of education .
0	hodgenville is famous for being the birthplace of u.s. president abraham lincoln .
0	the first shires were created by the anglo-saxons in central and southern england .
0	if sinn féin any won seats in the british or irish parliaments they never went to the parliaments .
0	it was the tribe to which the islamic prophet muhammad belonged and which led the opposition to his message .
0	she graduated from juilliard and earned a master 's degree in psychology at antioch university in los angeles .
0	events january 25 - moscow university established .
0	larger species have all become extinct since human groups moved to madagascar .
0	compound a compound pulley is a combination fixed and movable pulley system .
0	football is the sport with the biggest number of fans in the city .
0	hannibal made his new base in capua , the second largest city of italy .
0	geography jordan has borders with the countries of saudi arabia , palestine , syria and iraq .
0	he attempted to escape his attackers through a sewer but could n't because the sewer was blocked .
0	after the silence , in tiananmen square , crowds began calling out `` long live china '' .
0	it covers the western part of the ruhr area .
0	not all musical instruments give notes of a particular pitch .
0	bbc learning english is a website hosted by the bbc world service since 1996 .
0	her house was raided by police and hammerschmidt fled abroad .
0	he loved the poetry of the american poets paul laurence dunbar and carl sandburg .
0	saddam was also stuck with a debt of roughly $ 75 billion .
0	woodrow wilson was elected over two republican candidates in 1912 .
0	it was n't until 1927 that everton had their first period of long success .
0	the battle of palembang was fought near the city during the second world war between february 13-february 15 1942 .
0	new york , ny : st. martin 's griffin .
0	almost all of great britain 's public clocks were using gmt by 1855 .
0	on june 7 , 2008 , alba gave birth to a baby girl called honor marie warren .
0	after poland regained independence in 1918 , the county again became the basic territorial unit throughout poland .
0	when handwritten they should be underlined .
0	more common in recent centuries is to change the wording of the sermon .
0	the number zero is not a negative number .
0	r.e.m . was one of the first popular alternative rock bands .
0	salamat is one of fourteen prefectures of chad .
0	flow is a japanese music band .
0	writers who began this idea arthur de gobineau believed that cultures become worse when races mix .
0	the term was first used by king charles i of england in 1639 .
0	it is said to have more `` dark secrets '' than any other home in scotland .
0	the stadium has also hosted one senior england friendly international match .
0	for the u.s. naval base , see guantanamo bay naval base .
0	it was notably reprinted by orion books in 2001 as volume 13 of their fantasy masterworks series .
0	before this , he was chancellor of the exchequer .
0	tahiti is an island in the southern pacific ocean .
0	she began her first term as senator january 3 , 2001 .
0	she had chances to win emmys for the first three seasons of the show .
0	ladakh province is sub-divided into 3 districts ; namely the baltistan district , kargil district and the leh district .
0	germany / austria the diplom may be awarded by the two types of german university .
0	almere is a city in the netherlands .
0	united states house of representatives the speaker is the leader of the largest party .
0	after the independence of india , the tamil nadu state was created based on linguistic boundaries .
0	anthrax released their first album in 1984 .
0	it is ruled by king jigme singye wangchuck , who has been king since 1972 .
0	sita sita is one of the most popular goddesses of hindus .
0	it is a measure of the independent stature of a summit .
0	he was buried in poet 's corner in westminster abbey .
0	toki pona is a constructed language .
0	gandhinagar is the capital of gujarat .
0	she lives in allen , texas .
0	it is the second largest wikipedia , after the english wikipedia .
0	it is named after the saanich first nation .
0	the 2005 census population was 4,293,459 people .
0	water gardening is growing plants in ornamental pools and ponds .
0	it also was nominated for best rap/sung collaboration and best r & b song at the 2007 grammy awards .
0	early life salazar was born in vimieiro , santa comba dão , portugal .
0	the town along with dunga gali was a notified area .
0	in 1888 , harry seeley classified dinosaurs into two main orders .
0	less than perfect was an american television series .
0	so , eventually , he and cox moved to nashville .
0	it is very common .
0	in 2000 , the population was 24,298 .
0	raisin bread is usually sold pre-sliced and often eaten in northern europe and the united states .
0	francis died from an abscess on his brain , leaving mary a widow .
0	the scene is a party in a casino .
0	it is on the river pegnitz and the rhine-main-danube canal and is franconia 's largest city .
0	grand duchess maria is a saint in the russian orthodox church .
0	gabrielle scoops up porphy-rion who grabbed hercules .
0	pearce , d.w. and r.k. turner , 1990 .
0	since 2005 , it is a part of the uci protour .
0	world war i made his family have to leave poland .
0	in the past , leh has been an important centre for trade between kashmir and the states of turkestan .
0	it shares borders with arkansas , missouri , kansas , colorado , new mexico , and texas .
0	arabic language versions are in parentheses .
0	its diameter is only 3.5 km .
0	after she stopped wrestling in 2006 , she became the lead singer of punk rock band the luchagors .
0	many songwriters are also singers , and perform the songs they write .
0	schöneberg is a locality of berlin .
0	the actual colour of the flowers of the plant is much deeper .
0	the main feature of the manor house was its great hall .
0	after that , the nazis searched for a new and easier way to kill .
0	cementum is outside the dentin where there is no enamel .
0	queen 's university is a public university located in kingston , ontario , canada .
0	modern ships most modern ships have diesel engines .
0	rudd is known for playing at music festivals and concerts in australia and in north america .
0	she seems to have schizophrenia and often hears voices .
0	after this , it was mainly used by the kyburger house .
0	insulting an user is a personal attack regardless of how it is done .
0	both duchies have passed back and forth between the danes and various german rulers .
0	the city has people living in it from as many as 80 different countries speaking 80 different languages .
0	the british military commander , brigadier-general reginald dyer ordered his troops to fire at the civilians without any warning .
0	mt . yoshino is famous for its 500,000 sakura trees .
0	engis is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	the emperor constantine i had learnt about christianity of his mother , helena .
0	this is usually done for religious or political motives .
0	it is based on the 1986 book of the same name by winston groom .
0	he changed his mind and studied law at university of coimbra .
0	he became a state councillor in 1937 under kurt schuschnigg .
0	his work contributed to the reform of the theory of evolution that is known as modern evolutionary synthesis today .
0	on 28 december 2005 , fahrenheit officially became a quartet boy band .
0	sioux falls is the county seat of minnehaha county .
0	matera is a town and province in the area of basilicata .
0	the series aired from august 11 , 1991 to june 8 , 2004 .
0	gretzky married american actress janet jones in 1988 .
0	there is also a lieutenant governor , who represents the queen .
0	they live in the plains and open woodlands in southern africa .
0	the massif de la selle is called sierra de bahoruco in the dominican republic .
0	chari-baguirmi is one of fourteen prefectures of chad .
0	biography anne sullivan was born in feeding hills , massachusetts .
0	he was drafted by the houston astros in the first round of the 1969 amateur draft .
0	current biography 1942 , pp701–04 .
0	the muon bumps out the electron in the hydrogen atom .
0	it has direct responsibility for maintaining and running over 200 monuments .
0	odori came from kabuki drama , and is more of a male dance .
0	iambe then became demeter 's first priestess .
0	a drop shot in tennis is tapping the ball just over the net .
0	archeologists have also found tamil writings in broken pieces of pottery in the red sea .
0	the committee of union and progress was a political group .
0	graham has never lost an election .
0	in korea , the sambyeolcho rebellion begins .
0	kampala is the capital of uganda .
0	some of the most beautiful and famous windows of europe have this type of tracery .
0	geography the old town of rheinfelden lies on the rhine river .
0	heinrich himmler , the ss leader , was one of the chief architects of the final solution .
0	his father had 12,000-14,000 volumes in his personal library .
0	star search is an american television game show , hosted by ed mcmahon .
0	katherine hillard - the second pink ranger .
0	genlisea margaretae 6.34×107 smallest recorded flowering plant genome , 2006 .
0	emus are farmed for their meat , oil and leather .
0	it is being built by samsung engineering & construction , besix , and arabtec .
0	she was born in the new york .
0	this was first realized by evangelista torricelli even before calculus had been invented .
0	she also became principal for the famous theatre-school , dramatens elevskola .
0	her body was also later found in belgium .
0	diplomatic correspondence from buda during this time show that vlad 's actual period of imprisonment was short .
0	this work is planned for 2014 .
0	they are used for swimming .
0	a generalization of the gradient , for functions which have vectorial values , is the jacobian .
0	spiny mice are small mammals with bare , scaled tails .
0	doing that , he set a record for shutouts in a postseason year .
0	flora is the goddess of spring , and is scattering flowers .
0	its name comes from the sand particles that color its water , originating from the yellow river .
0	the tobin tax idea was the subject of much discussion in europe in the summer of 2001 .
0	the binomial name or `` binomen '' is the scientific name for a species .
0	he is best known for his work on economic growth at yale university 's cowles foundation in the 1960s .
0	her friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important part of her life .
0	his second wife , annalena mcafee , is the editor of the guardian 's review section .
0	sky news is a news broadcasting station in the united kingdom .
0	he is a key intellectual figure within the left wing of united states politics .
0	the current taoiseach is brian cowen .
0	lohn-ammannsegg is a municipality in the district wasseramt in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
0	alaskan crab fishing is one of the usa 's most dangerous jobs .
0	he bit the head off of a bat on stage once .
0	other websites musée maritime , fluvial et portuaire de rouen official site .
0	it is located in the pyrenees mountains between france and spain .
0	the president died on 19th september 1881 .
0	li yin has been nicknamed the `` chinese boa '' .
0	may , 22 , 2003 body mass proportiontovee mj , reinhardt s , emery jl , cornelissen pl .
0	types of watermills gristmills grind grains into flour .
0	it is found 5km away from ludwigsburg and 10km away from stuttgart .
0	he has competed in pride fighting championships , shooto , and rumble on the rock .
0	you can find wild blueberries , strawberries and mushrooms in the forests .
0	violet said that she was right-handed but signed the document with her left hand .
0	slackintosh slamd64 slax a very popular live cd .
0	along with suffolk , it was named the safest county in the united states in 2005 by forbes magazine .
0	to the south is the arabian sea , and to the west is the red sea .
0	oreye is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	he especially criticised kohl 's ideas , even after kohl ascended to the chancellorship .
0	in other words , it is the maximum energy per volume that can be elastically stored .
0	signing messages suppose alice uses bob 's public key to send him an encrypted message .
0	malakand pass is a mountain pass in pakistan .
0	since 2004 , maps inside the trains show which stations have step-free access from street level .
0	metabolism - is the medication converted chemically inside the body , and into what .
0	steel crossbow first used as a weapon of war .
0	almazán is a city in castilla y león , in spain .
0	powell came to work in london in the autumn of 1926 .
0	ipswich town has played in the football league championship since 2002 .
0	khanpur had a long history of producing clay bowls .
0	it can be seen from outer space .
0	it includes about 20 major volcanoes , among a total of over 4,000 separate volcanic vents .
0	construction of the power plant started in august 2005 and was completed in march 2006 .
0	its last owner was the toronto-based travel company g.a.p adventures .
0	administration sukkur city taluka is administratively subdivided into 11 union councils of pakistan .
0	arundel castle is a castle in west sussex , england .
0	from 1962 to 1970 , he studied economics and political science at the university of manchester .
0	he was terrified that some great monster might be hiding there .
0	cash is a form of liquid currency , such as banknotes or coins .
0	in 1975 the municipality of niederkrüchten was moved to the district viersen .
0	christian de duve introduced models based on the chemistry of thioesters .
0	on february 12 , 1554 at the tower of london , jane was sent to the scaffold .
0	most of the planets have moons that orbit around them .
0	the new york giants are an american football team .
0	president richard nixon announces that a peace accord has been reached in vietnam .
0	the next match was a cruiserweight open for the wwe cruiserweight championship .
0	his funeral drew a crowd of over half a million .
0	tiberius made his triumphant procession through rome after siege of germany .
0	the city was founded in 1899 as a railway depot linking uganda to mombasa .
0	venezuela raised the issue again in 1962 , four years before guyana won independence from britain .
0	it was founded on july 10 , 1963 .
0	aarau is the capital of the northern swiss canton of aargau .
0	this led to many appearances of wcw wrestlers during raw and smackdown !
0	death on 25 september 1980 john was picked up by the manager of led zeppelin rex king .
0	instruments played chatmon played the banjo , mandolin , harmonica and the guitar .
0	tainan was also the capital of the republic of formosa .
0	it then turned to the southeast and paralleled the coast .
0	even electrically neutral particles , such as the neutron , are not identical to their antiparticle .
0	from that time , the games are held every four years .
0	they are part of the african continent but belong to italy .
0	from them came the dominicans , founded by st. dominic in toulouse and bologna .
0	the zinc nuclei was bombarded on to a lead target in a machine named a heavy ion accelerator .
0	they were displaced around the 7th century by the revival of pallava and pandya power .
0	the country is a sovereign state in free association with the united states .
0	they are shy birds living deep in the forest .
0	he then spent the next few seasons in minor league baseball .
0	not to be confused with yoshioka yui , another j-pop singer .
0	other influences included naturalism and kraussism , a philosophical trend which made cultural and moral change in spain .
0	his paintings are usually single figures of beautiful women .
0	it was hosted by todd newton and ran until 2003 .
0	latvia has been a nato member since 29 march , 2004 .
0	all the land in england higher than three thousand feet above sea level lies within the park .
0	goosebumps is a collection of children 's horror fiction books written by r. l. stine .
0	it is smaller and lighter in size and weight and also has brighter screens .
0	the payment for labor is a wage .
0	his father was a travelling salesman and his mother worked as a seamstress .
0	a common style among young men is to allow their trousers to sag or droop down below their waists .
0	he was the son of antoine de bourbon and jeanne of navarre .
0	he helps them find a record of where the ra'zac are- a city named dras-leona .
0	the tzu chi foundation arrived from taiwan on may 13 .
0	corsica is referred to as a `` région '' .
0	on 1759 , british general james wolfe defeated general louis-joseph de montcalm outside quebec city .
0	a student-led april 19 movement forced rhee to resign on april 26 .
0	its capital is brussels .
0	it is usually done by a single comedian , and with the help of a microphone .
0	the mountains are cooler and are rich of forests of oak , and pine .
0	beef is quite popular in argentina and the united states .
0	wellington is the southernmost capital city in the world .
0	the club was founded in 1878 .
0	it is named after saint thomas because portuguese explorers discovered the island on st. thomas 's day .
0	it is used for jazz or popular music .
0	in 1803 eschelbronn became part of baden .
0	she died at the age of 88 on february 25 , 1864 at home in north bend , ohio .
0	during the 1890s albéniz lived in london and paris and wrote mainly theatrical works .
0	the province has many material resources such as iron and nickel .
0	these are broad , general , and cultivated australian english .
0	the turks invaded wallachia and the sultan put vlad iii on the throne as his puppet ruler .
0	when he returned to iran , the shah regime arrested and imprisoned him for political reasons .
0	it can grow up to 52 cm in length , with a tail about the same length .
0	other websites tamot , kashinath and alsop , ian .
0	michel rolle invents rolle 's theorem , an essential theorem of mathematics .
0	each player has 16 pieces to move on the board .
0	it uses a moving belt to accumulate very high voltages on a hollow metal globe .
0	the sea separates the italian peninsula from the balkan peninsula .
0	he died of pneumonia at astapovo station in 1910 at the age of 82 .
0	the agency is a part of the united states department of the interior .
0	the municipalities of sabana de la mar and el valle are in this region .
0	the double bass also has influences from the viol family .
0	devanagari is the official script .
0	wikipedia should not have news on new stories .
0	also , christopher columbus died in the city on may 20 , 1506 .
0	a cocoon is a shell made of silk by moth caterpillars and other insect larvae .
0	university of valladolid is founded in spain .
0	blankenberge is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
0	july 19 - battle of halidon hill , last of the wars of scottish independence .
0	the most industrial western region of the canton is called chablais .
0	estinnes is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	there was no deaths , because blanca 's impact was generally minimal .
0	its capital is concord and its largest city is manchester .
0	the theory of gravity is called the theory of general relativity .
0	the first episode aired on january 22 , 2003 on comedy central .
0	october begins on the same day of week as previous january , except in leap years .
0	destiny 's child is the best-selling female group of all time .
0	airways : the state has four important airports and 23 air strips .
0	it is the home of the earl and countess of strathmore and kinghorne .
0	they usually have long tails .
0	united states reconnaissance saw the missile bases being built in cuba .
0	the amadeus quartet gave their first concert at the wigmore hall in 1948 .
0	fife is a county on the north coast of the firth of forth , scotland .
0	insurance in law and economics is a form of risk management .
0	dionysius exiguus produces his tables for computing the date of easter .
0	he shared the 1994 memorial prize in economics with two other game theorists , reinhard selten and john harsanyi .
0	pakistan calls indian-administered kashmir indian-occupied kashmir .
0	his kind of psychology was called analytical psychology or jungian analysis .
0	on 10th december 1948 , the un general assembly adopted the declaration .
0	the university was the first college or university to be named after john wesley , the founder of methodism .
0	the people formed governments and armies for protection .
0	campaigns of demosthenes in western greece .
0	the capital of switzerland is bern .
0	bardeen was born in madison , wisconsin .
0	monks studied thirteen major sutra and tantra texts of the nyingma .
0	the back legs each had three short toes , while the front legs had five toes .
0	a loom is a machine for weaving thread or yarn into textiles .
0	fortabbas is an historic city of bahawalnagar district in the punjab province of pakistan .
0	axopodia are responsible for phagocytosis , by rapidly retracting in response to physical contacts .
0	the convent has been the home of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .
0	it has a white , powdery appearance .
0	the london borough of southwark is a london borough .
0	mostly several cylinders are arranged side by side in an engine block .
0	both hijackers had first class tickets for a flight to los angeles , california .
0	he is wearing a helmet and is carrying a sword .
0	it has long been the economic centre of northern nigeria , and a centre for the sale of groundnuts .
0	he or she has the most powerful political office in the commonwealth of australia .
0	this attack was against the egyptian airfields .
0	examples of whiteware ceramics bone china earthenware , which is often made from clay , quartz and feldspar .
0	an object with a higher average density than the fluid has less buoyancy than weight and it will sink .
0	it was first published on september 21 , 1937 .
0	in 1950 , skiatron tested its system on wor in new york city .
0	in 1751 he started to lose his eyesight .
0	terms based on the treaty , maria theresa gave most of silesia to frederick .
0	along with the villages of agra and gentilino , it makes the new municipality of collina d'oro .
0	bbc , october 19 , 2007 .
0	cluny is a city in eastern france .
0	gimnasia hired first famed colombian trainer francisco maturana , and then julio césar falcioni , both with limited success .
0	hot soba is also often served as a noodle soup in a bowl of hot tsuyu .
0	he was the second cousin to james madison .
0	he also wrote about muscatine in his book life on the mississippi .
0	it used to be known as nederlands guyana , netherlands guiana or dutch guiana .
0	new york : scribner , 2004 .
0	he also won a bronze medal at the 1984 olympics .
0	other websites wounds , online open-access journal featuring articles about wound care and related research .
0	major cities in malaysia are kuala lumpur , george town , ipoh and johor bahru .
0	she made him warden of christ 's college , manchester , in 1592 .
0	it 's had many sequels , including we love katamari , me & my katamari , and beautiful katamari .
0	and , making of purple cloth dye was almost as important as glass making .
0	of course , this cost far more than what the harvest was worth .
0	on earth , technetium occurs naturally only in uranium ores as a product of spontaneous fission .
0	binary fission is a method of asexual reproduction .
0	he retired , and was inducted into the hockey hall of fame , in 1999 .
0	he won the presidential election in 2002 .
0	after him , arthur liebehenschel and richard baer became commander of the camp .
0	also , crochet can not be made by machine .
0	devil facial tumour disease has greatly reduced the number of devils and now threatens their survival .
0	jews were also forbidden to become university professors , which was a particular ambition for heine .
0	stairway is another way to ascend higher slopes .
0	all sthenurines had a hoof-like , fourth toe on the back legs .
0	impact and records melissa remained away from land during its lifespan , never threatening any land areas .
0	he started to take sleeping pills .
0	this is known as a cache hit .
0	there are different types of rowing .
0	the movie stars jena malone , macaulay culkin , and mandy moore .
0	she was born in canton , ohio .
0	predicate logic is a system of mathematical logic .
0	the year after that he lead the marquette golden eagles to the final four in the ncaa tournament .
0	a try is worth 5 points .
0	like all of genghis ' sons , he helped to conquer western china and central asia .
0	it is located between guyana and french guiana .
0	famous supporters of pec include margaret thatcher and broadcaster john humphrys .
0	she moved to portugal to teach english in 1990 .
0	allergic reactions to contact with specific chemicals , such as urushiol from poison ivy or poison oak .
0	much of our information about his reign comes from the accounts of portuguese travelers domingos paes and nuniz .
0	on february 19 , 1943 , general rommel launched an attack against the u.s forces .
0	he went to harbor light christian school as well as the interlochen arts academy .
0	many modern scholars think that el greco belongs to no conventional school .
0	it is also the second tallest bird in the world , after its ratite relative , the ostrich .
0	economy the uk is a developed country with sixth largest economy in the world .
0	it was featured in the film jurassic park iii .
0	it is the biggest port in europe .
0	in the end judas despairs .
0	the kama , oka , vetluga and the sura are its main tributaries .
0	in 1802 wordsworth and his sister , dorothy , visited annette and caroline in france .
0	he became a successful lawyer .
0	the capital of biltine is biltine .
0	most bulgarians started living in haskovo in the 19th century .
0	the first single , `` the prayer '' , was released on 29 january .
0	it gained independence from south africa in 1990 .
0	the vagina is reddish pink in color .
0	in mannheim he fell in love with a girl called aloysia weber .
0	the summer convention of 1966 moved even farther west , this time to clear lake , iowa .
0	its capital is la paz .
0	undertow is tool 's first full-length album , released in 1993 .
0	uurad is succeeded by bred , then ciniod .
0	the gospel of john , traditionally the apostle john , son of zebedee .
0	calcium carbonate is usually the main cause of hard water .
0	friends for life - vocals one flew south and composer marcus hummon .
0	other websites tamot , kashinath and alsop , ian .
0	he had to live at home with his parents for almost a year .
0	it replaced the haitian money .
0	it was directed by steven lisberger .
0	it was able to begin storing the flow of the river in 1963 .
0	the match ended in a no-contest when kid kash and dallas interfered .
0	investiture controversy when gregory vii , a reformist monk , was elected as pope in 1073 .
0	in 1964 the lpo became the resident orchestra for glyndebourne festival opera in the summer .
0	about 30 % of the force will be roman catholics by 2011 .
0	he is the guardian of the bifrost bridge .
0	alexander pushkin is considered a founder of modern russian literature .
0	history the first records of a settlement go back to the 12th century .
0	the stadium has no parking facilities for supporters .
0	during world war ii he worked on the possibility of using nuclear fission to develop new weapons .
0	the major cities are la paz , santa cruz de la sierra and cochabamba .
0	his legacy remains hotly debated and contested both in indonesia and abroad .
0	the latin form of his name was “ joannes chrysostomus wolfgangus theophilus mozart ” .
0	after high school fauset graduated from cornell university in 1905 .
0	on february 8 , 2007 , smith was found in a hotel room in hollywood , florida .
0	since then they have changed their name to palladium and played alongside amy winehouse , mika and the thrills .
0	the orchestra 's chief executive is stephen maddock .
0	he is often admired for his happiness , plenitude , and wisdom of contentment .
0	selenium is found most in sulfide ores like pyrite .
0	hulagu 's army greatly expanded the southwestern portion of the mongol empire , founding the ilkhanate of persia .
0	king otakar ii of bohemia lays the foundation stone of the minorite church in vienna .
0	it was used from at least the 6th century bc until about the 4th century ad .
0	later career crudup stopped recording in the 1950s .
0	many foreigners moved to livorno such as jews , armenians , greeks , dutch , and english .
0	it lies between the atlantic and pacific oceans .
0	sächsische schweiz has some 1,000 climbing peaks , as well as several hollows .
0	silvia night participated in eurovision song contest 2006 in greece .
0	gerrard is engaged to alex curran and they got married on june 16 2007 .
0	the ugandan kavirondo tribes are a mix of bantu and nilotic immigrants .
0	eruption causes deaths of livestock when they eat contaminated grass and also widespread crop failure .
0	the rhine valley is bounded by mountains with some of the historically most significant places of germany .
0	holland taylor as evelyn harper , charlie and alan 's selfish mother , and jake 's grandmother .
0	counties new jersey has 21 counties .
0	the black griffin to the right is for the dukes of pomerania who used a black griffin .
0	she was the winner of the first season of the television show american idol .
0	konrad von wallenrode , grand master of the teutonic knights .
0	southern larix potaminii chinese larch .
0	at his funeral thousands of people went out on the streets of his home town to honour him .
0	they were first contacted in only 1995 .
0	mombasa and zanzibar are captured by oman .
0	events sonni ali , first songhai king , conquers many of his african neighbors .
0	thuin is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	it looks like the color of the sky on a bright , clear day .
0	another important step in the development of chinese rock music is the beijing midi school of music in beijing .
0	its headquarters are located in moscow .
0	the earliest texts found in japan are written in classical chinese .
0	this route was only safe when the tide was low .
0	the winner was óscar pereiro .
0	a heat engine is a mechanical device that provides useful work from the difference in temperature of two bodies .
0	that treaty divided carolingian empire of the franks into an east , west , and middle .
0	aisha campbell - the second yellow ranger .
0	hugh capet is buried in the saint denis basilica .
0	the jadgal people speak the jadgali language .
0	the capital of groningen is also called groningen .
0	he is also known for his work in mechanics , optics , and astronomy .
0	jak and daxter is a series of video games , developed by the company naughty dog .
0	snowball is a character in the book animal farm .
0	sarajevo is the capital city of bosnia and herzegovina .
0	he was born in the bachoura area of beirut .
0	in august 2 , 1990 , saddam invaded and kuwait , thus making an international crisis .
0	his other symbols were a drum , and sticks used for throwing or hunting .
0	crofton is a town on vancouver island , in british columbia , canada .
0	the most important events january 26 - treaty of karlowitz signed .
0	today the store is situated on quai de l ’ ile .
0	he is best known for his a song of ice and fire series .
0	inari is sometimes represented as a male , female or both .
0	many hotels and boarding-houses are in the town where guests can be treated using kneipp 's methods .
0	the tours of belgium and luxembourg will carry on .
0	the movie was released may 26 , 2006 in the united states and canada .
0	however some academics say that charnock is not the city 's founder .
0	there are approximately 10 extant genera and around 20 extant species of armadillo .
0	on july 11 , 2008 , debakey died of natural causes at age 99 .
0	the walls and towers were of the same height and width and joined by a broad path .
0	while in england , hendrix asked cox to join him in a new band ; cox said no .
0	he studied piano at the curtis institute of music , with mieczyslaw horszowski and composition with constant vauclain .
0	this is called substrate level phosphorylation .
0	he tells the men to forgive their fiancées .
0	he known for his strong liberal political views .
0	he was sentenced to twenty-five years to life in prison in 1981 .
0	the event lasts for two days .
0	there are also two torres strait islander communities on the nearby coast of the mainland .
0	president succeeded by barack h. obama , and jeb bush , the former governor of florida .
0	it can also be used to measure improvements .
0	rosales is an order of flowering plants .
0	haworth was awarded the 1937 nobel prize for chemistry for this work .
0	there is no vaccine for hiv yet .
0	batista re-tore his triceps while training .
0	usually the earl marshal usually leaves affairs to the professional heralds of the college .
0	hubbard was born in tilden , nebraska to harry ross hubbard and ledora may hubbard .
0	tickets went on sale to the public on november 3 2007 .
0	by the 12th – 13th centuries , the power of the cholas had declined .
0	some of these writers were john gower , william langland , and the pearl poet .
0	the stranger asked to join cleopas and his friend for the evening meal .
0	a new center of organization began forming later on july 4 when cinday entered the gulf of mexico .
0	she was born in honolulu , hawaii .
0	demography 97 % of the people are muslim .
0	his career in cinema started in 1914 , when a friend offered him a part in a movie .
0	it was given the designation s/1989 n 5 .
0	kaplan , lawrence s. , ed .
0	water avens are a flowering plant .
0	the name of the war was russo-japanese war .
0	the conn smythe trophy was first awarded to the nhl 's playoff most valuable player in 1965 .
0	she was first betrothed to charles of castile , later the holy roman emperor .
0	phillip named sydney after lord sydney .
0	several species have an operculum that operates as a trapdoor to close the shell .
0	both sex are likely similar , but the adult male has thiner body and narrower wings .
0	the war was between the british , who controlled the cape , and the boer republics .
0	payton was made a member of the pro football hall of fame in 1993 .
0	the uk is a constitutional monarchy and a hereditary monarchy .
0	in september 1979 , the school could move into wo che estate .
0	it is owned by the large german media company bertelsmann .
0	he was the grandson of otto wilhelm von struve and the great-grandson of friedrich wilhelm von struve .
0	sartene has given its name to one of the southern-corsican dialects that are most like the sardinian language .
0	uses for humans rye bread , including pumpernickel .
0	he started making records under his own name 2 years later .
0	the experiment was done by albert michelson and edward morley .
0	october 13 , 2005 .
0	she had four children by each marriage .
0	they relied on their advantages of supply and manpower .
0	there are two airports in the city , glasgow international airport and glasgow prestwick international airport .
0	a flagship is the ship used by the officer who commanded a group of naval ships .
0	october 18 : the church of the holy sepulchre is destroyed by caliph al-hakim bi-amr allah .
0	they played their first fa cup final in 1914 , but lost 1-0 to burnley .
0	the lake and mountains attract many tourists around the year .
0	namechange announcement towns and municipalities free towns free municipalities bad kösen hohenmölsen naumburg elsteraue verwaltungsgemeinschaften 1 .
0	the great khali became the new world heavyweight champion , winning a battle royal and eliminating batista .
0	the 1993 formula one season was the 44th edition of the championship .
0	she also sang an english version .
0	he is considered a hero in canada .
0	perwez is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	geography china has the largest population of hmong people with 3 million hmong people .
0	on 13 april 2008 , police found his body hanging from the roof of the macmillan house .
0	lobamba is the legislative capital of swaziland .
0	the famous `` pulpit '' in vienna cathedral is made like this .
0	the name `` debian '' was taken after ian murdock and his wife debra .
0	jesters typically wore brightly colored clothing in a motley way .
0	he is the son of zeus and leto and the twin brother of artemis .
0	the guests drink tea from the bowl .
0	children often receive red envelopes bearing the takarabune which contain gifts of money around the new year .
0	diversity ohio state 's main campus is known for the diversity of its students .
0	dmitry medvedev is the president of russia .
0	lorette is a town in france .
0	there are earlier claims and possible discoveries , even as early as the early 6th century .
0	perch have `` rough '' scales .
0	islands in funafuti there are at least 33 islands in the atoll .
0	the same system is available in 37 mm size for police .
0	it is a mixture of textualis and cursiva , developed in the early fifteenth century .
0	the three tamil dynasties of chera , chola and pandya were of ancient origins .
0	this system is called responsible government .
0	species consist are of the platypus and echidnas .
0	french literature is the literature of france .
0	the reigning champions are wexford .
0	the award is named after hugo gernsback , the founder of the science fiction magazine amazing stories .
0	mr. disney chose the toilets .
0	it is in the small intestine , where nutrients of foods get absorbed .
0	the letters `` xp '' stand for experience .
0	stephen married matilda of boulogne in about 1125 .
0	sidcup is a suburban development in the london borough of bexley in south east london .
0	developmental psychology is interested in how people develop and change through their lives .
0	a funnel cloud is a visible condensation funnel with no associated strong winds at the surface .
0	it was the world 's first sampled keyboard .
0	bern is the capital city of switzerland .
0	after making some gains , iraq 's troops began to suffer losses from human-wave attacks by iran .
0	in 1996 , the mariners received dave hollins from the minnesota twins for a player to be named later .
0	it means two single barlines drawn close together , one being thicker than the other .
0	the capital of the solomon islands is honiara .
0	rheinfelden is a district of the canton of aargau in switzerland .
0	sesame street has been on tv in 120 countries all over the world .
0	he was the pastor of the thomas road baptist church , a megachurch in lynchburg , virginia .
0	the scientific method requires that a scientific hypothesis can be tested .
0	he began using different musicians and instruments .
0	it was first broadcast on 23 october , 1995 , on channel 4 .
0	it is west of lake hallwil and covers parts of the wyna and suhre valleys .
0	early life rhee was born in whanghai province to rhee kyong-sun , a member of the aristocratic yangban family .
0	the capital city is seoul .
0	charlemagne did intervene in church affairs , not always successfully .
0	ussr government decree # 667 gave peasants identification documents , with an unrestricted right to move within the country .
0	lashley won the match and became the new ecw world champion .
0	it is a spin-off of terminator 2 : judgment day .
0	he invented the economic sciences of incentive compatibility and mechanism design .
0	faith returned as a heroine in several other episodes of angel and in the last five episodes of buffy .
0	only týr was willing to put his hand in the wolf 's mouth .
0	there are many editors who would be happy to help you learn as a wikipedian .
0	it was the highest building in the world from 1647 to 1874 .
0	in `` 501 blues : the long road to nowhere '' , rebel yell tried to find them all .
0	it was opened in 1992 .
0	cramlington is a town in the county of northumberland , in the north-east of england .
0	timur appoints his son miran shah as timurid viceroy of azerbaijan .
0	the stranger had disappeared , and had taken the earl 's soul with him .
0	he was executed in 1979 for ordering the murder of a political opponent .
0	following the failure of the talks he helped to plan a bombing campaign in belfast known as bloody friday .
0	reading abbey is founded .
0	this book won the 1979 lewis carroll shelf award .
0	cathal crovdearg o'connor of connaught in ireland .
0	a chemist is a scientist who studies chemistry .
0	franz ferdinand is an indie rock band from glasgow , scotland .
0	there was less fighting .
0	the mariner builds a boat and sails away , back to his old life .
0	such a woman could move between the roles of a mistress and a courtesan .
0	catalina , very close to the southeastern coast of the hispaniola , in the caribbean sea .
0	it was found by christiaan huygens on march 25 , 1655 .
0	the guess who is a canadian rock band .
0	this was so that no member of the band would be seen as the group 'leader ' .
0	there are about ten times as many bacterial cells as human cells in each of our bodies .
0	the team colours are red , white and black .
0	the group released three albums , all of which were very popular in the united states and europe .
0	the rainy season is from june through september , transforming much of the region from dusty brown to green .
0	his birthplace was pesaro , a small town in italy on the adriatic coast .
0	the donnas were a hard rock band from palo alto , california .
0	in 1992 , he founded his own record label , grand royal .
0	it was made by insomniac games and published by sony .
0	the prefectures that surround mie are aichi , gifu , shiga , kyoto , nara , and wakayama .
0	batista did not wrestle for much of 2003 after he tore his right triceps .
0	he is between 1/8 and 1/4 native american .
0	they grow to 4–30m tall .
0	it was held in new orleans , which was recovering from hurricane katrina .
0	it may be performed underhand or overhead .
0	the evening is the period in which the daylight is decreasing , between the late afternoon and night .
0	with the jinn 's help , aladdin becomes rich and powerful and marries a princess .
0	the government of ontario sits at queen 's park in toronto .
0	as with all other national museums and art galleries in britain , the museum charges no admission fee .
0	chanhudaro is believed to have been a centre for manufacturing carnelian beads .
0	biography james chadwick was born in bollington , cheshire , england .
0	they combined political and cultural satire with witty grand opera parodies .
0	before the 2nd arrived , duke and his men counterattacked the union line and routed it .
0	the study of caves is called speleology .
0	frederick allowed lutheran reforms in his country .
0	it also flies to africa , asia , europe and north america .
0	it started in the late 1960s .
0	they are sometimes incorrectly called `` white ants '' .
0	the eye is often seen from space as a small , round , cloud-free spot .
0	it lies in the front part of the brain .
0	rocky desantos - the second red ranger .
0	the holiday is on march 31 , chávez 's birthday .
0	gohar shahi died in uk on 25 november , 2001 .
0	around twenty-five thousand people enjoy the concerts , electronic music tents , and fashionshows .
0	budapest is the capital city of hungary .
0	definition debates after wilson 's original definition , other people have tried to change it .
0	when casimir died in 1633 , his brother ernst of saxe-eisenach both countries until he died in 1638 .
0	protestant reformation begins in sweden .
0	this person serves on the national security council within the president 's executive office .
0	these were the last winter games to be held in the same year as the summer games .
0	the symbol for the goddess venus is used for women .
0	the ifl is shown in the united states on fox sports net and mynetworktv .
0	today , they live in northern vietnam , laos , thailand , and myanmar .
0	along with coins , banknotes make up the cash forms of all modern money .
0	the city 's motto is bon accord .
0	because of money troubles in 1920 hertha merged with the richer berliner sport-club to form hertha berliner sport club .
0	rostov-on-don has had much economic growth in recent years .
0	this rating is based on performances in european competitions over the last five years .
0	the first main route passed through the sahara .
0	originally based in dallas , texas , now based in cleveland heights , ohio .
0	it would have eaten worms and grubs , rather than ants .
0	fox died on , exactly a month before his 23rd birthday .
0	turnhout is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
0	in 2003 , he was added into the hockey hall of fame .
0	but the terms are often used synonymously .
0	it is officially tasmania 's top tourist attraction .
0	panama president jose antonio remon is killed .
0	tropical storm chris was the fourth tropical storm of the 2006 atlantic hurricane season .
0	fc köln is a football club based in cologne , germany .
0	it is also the largest city in denmark .
0	evidently their language lacked a word for `` orange '' .
0	bakot is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
0	one difference between neptune and uranus is the normal level of meteorological activity .
0	evelyn started her professional career as an oboist in the drury lane orchestra .
0	among the thick types of hot chocolate served in europe is the italian cioccolata densa .
0	the feces are stored in the rectum until it can leave the body through the anus .
0	many applicants travelled long distances to take part in the competition .
0	ludwig goldscheider , michelangelo he is the main designer of the building as it stands today .
0	louis won an important battle against the viking pirates at the battle of saucourt-en-vimeu , in 881 .
0	in 2000 , the population was 14,526 .
0	this was the first time any east pacific storm had taken such a path .
0	he was nominated for an emmy for his guest role as desmond hume on the television series lost .
0	rather often the man is paying for some of the woman 's living expenses .
0	she also won the world championships in 2007 .
0	the arrernte people are the aboriginal people who have lived around alice springs for more than 50,000 years .
0	after leading israel to victory in the 1948 arab-israeli war , ben-gurion helped build the state institutions .
0	the book was written over a period of almost thirty years and was published in 1981 .
0	northampton is by far the largest town in the county , with a population of 194,122 .
0	references the new grove dictionary of music and musicians , ed .
0	the sequel was published in april 2006 .
0	usually each ovary takes turns releasing eggs every month .
0	basil ii lifts the siege of aleppo by bringing his entire army across anatolia in sixteen days .
0	it is a sequel to final fantasy vii .
0	both these sets of words are from the new testament .
0	french president françois mitterrand returned the reliefs in time for berlin 's 750th anniversary of berlin .
0	montauban , france , is started .
0	he was reelected in 2002 .
0	they are more difficult to manage thermally than lower-density single-core processors .
0	he taught at harvard university until 1968 , when he moved to cornell university .
0	most nitrogen fixation is done by micro-organisms called bacteria .
0	he then signed with the minnesota vikings for the 2009 season .
0	the hail mary is used within roman catholicism as the basis of the rosary .
0	her body was never found .
0	laylat ul isra and miraj means `` the night of power and ascension '' .
0	it is on the east bank of the nile and is a busy market and tourist center .
0	there was a north riding , a west riding and an east riding .
0	most of the time the weather is sunny , with an average of 2880 hours of sunshine per year .
0	it later became a part of the soviet union .
0	ambassador to the united kingdom 1936-1938 .
0	juan pablo duarte founded a secret society , la trinitaria , to fight for the dominican independence .
0	the structure of dna was discovered .
0	there are many other labour mps who are co-operative party members but are not sponsored .
0	meltdowns around the world , some nuclear meltdowns have occurred .
0	modern day today , the state is known for its festivals and fine wine .
0	suu kyi won the rafto prize and the sakharov prize in 1990 and the nobel peace prize in 1991 .
0	jerusalem is the capital city and the seat of government .
0	it was about a man who was married to a witch .
0	akrisios was told by an oracle that he would be killed by his grandchild .
0	this is called the humus layer .
0	bowell called them `` a nest of traitors '' .
0	it is found in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide .
0	a muffin is a small bread- or cake-like baked food .
0	that way , an organism 's sex is determined by the genome it gets .
0	after the september 11 , 2001 attacks , many american and french soldiers came into the country .
0	it is part of the province of southern finland .
0	there are many types of fishing hooks .
0	it is named after green bay , an arm of lake michigan .
0	he was chief conductor of the bbc symphony orchestra .
0	harry is written as an orphan living unhappily with his only family left , the cruel dursleys .
0	it was the chief port of french equatorial africa from 1934 to 1946 .
0	there are many types of plastic .
0	in 1974 , the capital of the country was moved from zomba to lilongwe .
0	the police used tear gas on the people .
0	the first general of the empire was khalid ibn walid .
0	the middle section is controlled by a series of large hydroelectric dams .
0	in 1826 he travelled to england where he finished composing oberon and conducted its first performance on 12 april .
0	greek and italian cuisines .
0	the tell-tale heart , 1960 version .
0	a stone with richly carved decoration was found in a creek-bed found nearby .
0	composers such as benjamin britten and ralph vaughan williams have written music for the choir .
0	his last appearance as anchorman was on december 1 , 2004 .
0	the mirage 2000 is a french-built multirole fighter jet manufactured by dassault aviation .
0	the name of that school was the clarke school for the deaf , northampton , massachusetts .
0	it was published in 1813 .
0	there are six families , twelve subfamilies , 56 genera and 114 species in the feliformia suborder now .
0	a new flash gordon tv show premieres on the sci fi channel in august 2007 .
0	plot the empire constructs a new death star .
0	his music is similar to electronica and the minimalism of steve reich .
0	early life brad went to agoura high school with fellow member of linkin park mike shinoda .
0	at the headwaters of the river tigris , in the ninth century , b.c. , an state of urartu .
0	ancient judea judea was the territory of the ancient kingdom of judah .
0	as carbon content rises the metal becomes harder and stronger but less ductile and more difficult to weld .
0	the fruit was named in 1959 after the kiwi , a bird and symbol of new zealand .
0	this feature is important for audio and video editors .
0	okeechobee county in florida until the end of the 1920s .
0	july 16 - grants of land in canada to american loyalists announced .
0	it is found in large deposits of magnesite , dolomite and other minerals .
0	later sightings in september 2005 with the vlt allowed the determination of an orbit .
0	the name means `` holy spirit '' after the holy ghost of christianity .
0	many rescue teams , including the taipei fire department from taiwan , said they were ready to help .
0	the commission has one president and 26 commissioners , selected by the european council .
0	these two stands have their advertising slogans changed whenever the club 's sponsor changes .
0	reading by people is mostly done from paper .
0	nothing is known about his early life .
0	mount hiei appeared in many folk tales in different centuries .
0	they are eaten by many animals , including birds , whales , fish , squid , and whale sharks .
0	documentation for dynamic navigation boxes .
0	population of the whole metropolitan area was 265,974 inhabitants at the 1999 census .
0	sweeney todd opened on broadway at the uris theatre on march 1 1979 .
0	like many of his generation , montesquieu held a number of views that might today be judged controversial .
0	it could also connect to the game boy advance to allow special features in some games .
0	may - continuous riots in rome induce gregory xi to remove temporarily to anagui .
0	it can be made from cow 's milk , sheep 's milk , and goat 's milk .
0	after dinner the guests watch a group of actors .
0	doping scandal thirteen riders were expelled from the 2006 tour de france because of a spanish doping scandal .
0	players current squads as of 31 may 2008 .
0	a cylinder is the central working part of an engine , the space in which a piston travels .
0	the book was first published in 1549 during the reign of edward vi of england .
0	this machine is the basis of modern computers .
0	almost all of romania 's rivers are either direct or indirect tributaries of the danube .
0	he also appeared on american television in shows including sesame street .
0	this includes landforms , flora , fauna and human elements , for instance human activity or the built environment .
0	this meant they won a promotion play-off spot , but lost in the semi-finals to preston north end .
0	this form does not ignite spontaneously and it is a little less dangerous than white phosphorus .
0	nightwish is a symphonic metal band from finland .
0	kingda ka is a steel roller coaster at six flags great adventure in jackson , new jersey , usa .
0	as of august 2006 , technorati indexes over 55 million sites .
0	when he was 18 hanslick went to study music with tomášek , one of prague 's most important musicians .
0	before his professional sports career , he was an officer in the punjab state police .
0	the first web page was available on august 6 , 1991 .
0	instead , he entered the 1918 general election and became the conservative member of parliament for ladywood in birmingham .
0	each manifold has a dimension .
0	absinthe is now not only sold in switzerland , but is once again distilled in its val-de-travers birthplace .
0	a knight was a soldier in the middle ages .
0	they started playing in the national league in 1998 .
0	gases trapped in clathrates are enclosed in ice , they look like packed snow .
0	after this , britain looked to the newly discovered east coast of australia to use as a penal colony .
0	the first european to discover the island group was ferdinand magellan in 1521 .
0	the rest of his time he could take care of his own fields , crops and animals .
0	forty-six is a number .
0	it was made the capital of french west africa in 1902 .
0	at backlash , benoit kept the world title , after he made michaels submit to the sharpshooter .
0	the following is a table of the provinces and their capital cities .
0	the school 's library system has twenty-one libraries on its columbus campus .
0	egypt becomes part of the roman republic and octavian becomes the ruler of rome and all romans .
0	he became scientific adviser to the army council from 1943-1946 .
0	hermeskeil is a town in rhineland-palatinate , germany .
0	he follows the polish family .
0	the last medici heiress , anna maria lodovica , made an agreement with the city of florence .
0	he is also called the `` king of pop '' .
0	a crowd of around 8,000 men and women were outside the bastille by mid-morning .
0	a secretary , gladys davis , took notes .
0	it is related to the lychee .
0	it is the administrative center of ulyanovsk oblast .
0	he ended his career in 2005 .
0	love street is a scottish football stadium in paisley , glasgow .
0	this is a list of species in the genus salvia .
0	a baseball is a ball used in the sport of the same name , baseball .
0	coffee is one of the world 's major commodity crops and is the major export product of some countries .
0	in 1951 , harlow shapley said that proxima centauri was a flare star .
0	campbell-bannerman was born in glasgow , scotland , in 1836 as henry campbell .
0	the shift forced millions of poles , germans , ukrainians , and jews to move .
0	he has received many awards and honors in his career .
0	the study of cetaceans is called cetology .
0	mississippi passes the first state law in the u.s. letting women own property .
0	a meaning that also includes certain groups in oceania and southeast asia .
0	some language versions such as the english wikipedia contain non-free images .
0	each of the objects in the list has a certain type .
0	they have played their matches at the ground st.james ' park ever since .
0	after it was reforged , it clove an anvil in half .
0	motörhead performed `` the game '' live during triple h 's entrance .
0	oaxaca is next to guerrero , puebla , veracruz de ignacio de la llave , and chiapas .
0	food and textile industries are important .
0	medina sidonia decides to return to spain .
0	other musical groups copied the rhythms and musical style developed by james brown and his band .
0	other websites alvar aalto foundation custodian of aalto 's architectural drawings and writings .
0	the war itself lasted until 1357 , when david ii was released from english captivity .
0	there are many different types of bunkers .
0	events january 17 – gregory xi enters rome .
0	crisparkle has followed rosa to london .
0	the london borough of croydon is a london borough .
0	they founded the connecticut colony .
0	they play in ncaa division i and the big ten conference .
0	in botany , a leaf is an above-ground plant organ .
0	in negative feedback a hormone makes an effect .
0	if someone else has already reverted the page , you will see an error message .
0	barbie horse adventures : wild horse rescue is a video game being made by vivendi games .
0	teotihuacan – pre-aztec mexico .
0	the name allison was coincidentally retired after doing major damage to the same the area in 2001 .
0	jörð is the common word for earth in old norse .
0	new france became a royal province of france in 1663 .
0	black stone cherry are a rock band from kentucky , usa .
0	audrey won the theatre world award for her performance in gigi , which was a play on broadway .
0	diest is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
0	she was appointed as a professor of physics at jahangirnagar university .
0	history dijon began as a roman settlement called divio .
0	in buddhist pictures and statues , milarepa is shown with his right hand cupped against his ear .
0	about 15 km away is guantanamo naval base , on a territory occupied by the united states since 1902 .
0	jude law said , `` nobody 's asked me .
0	the first episode aired on 13 january 2008 on bbc one and bbc hd .
0	she recently appeared as herself , on america 's next top model , as one of the judges .
0	simpson finished 5th in the ronde van vlaanderen and 6th in the gent-wevelgem .
0	it divides space in buildings into rooms or protects or pictures a space in the open air .
0	her first husband was king francis ii of france .
0	the city is located on the coromandel coast of the bay of bengal .
0	in archaeology , an artifact or artefact is an object made or modified by a human culture .
0	anton praetorius was the son of matthes schulze .
0	genealogical : whether they can trace their ancestry back to the people who first lived on the arabian peninsula .
0	if there are an unusually low number of sperm in an ejaculation , this is called oligospermia .
0	his nephew , also named zerah colburn , was a famous locomotive designer .
0	ottignies-louvain-la-neuve is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	the khmers are expelled from luang phrabang in laos .
0	bath and north east somerset 2 .
0	it can also refer to the business given by a regular customer , and the guardianship of saints .
0	warner adopted brenda 's two children , son zachary and daughter jesse , after their marriage .
0	government nash county is part of the regional upper coastal plain council of governments .
0	the book is about events that take place in the fictional space colony of windhaven .
0	however , he fell and hurt his hand during the journey .
0	he was inducted into the english football hall of fame in 2003 .
0	black flag was an american punk rock band .
0	edith stein , catholics erected a cross near bunker 2 of auschwitz ii where ss had gassed edith stein .
0	axopodia are thin pseudopods and are enveloped by cytoplasm .
0	composition and recording `` somewhere only we know '' was composed by tim rice-oxley in 2001 .
0	anne died in 1557 and was buried in westminster abbey .
0	avant-garde represents a pushing of the boundaries of what is accepted as the norm , especially in culture .
0	elbaradei and the iaea were both awarded the nobel peace prize in 2005 .
0	the most famous wall was built between 220–200 bc by the first emperor of china , qin shi huang .
0	russian criminals who were sent to siberia can be called convicts .
0	in 1916 , albert einstein wrote an explanation of gravity called general relativity .
0	medlar leaves are dark green , maximum fifteen centimetres long and three centimetres wide .
0	amaterasu said the men were hers because they were born of her necklace .
0	scott left the band in 2001 .
0	they do not have priests .
0	their best known song is `` smoke on the water '' .
0	he played for lousisana state university and averaged 44.2 points per game .
0	by 8:30pm the watchman for the maritime service board , james cargill , went to see what was happening .
0	carmen became the basis for the opera carmen , by georges bizet .
0	the university of jyväskylä is popular and respected .
0	this album was not her highest-selling , but it had still managed to sell over 1,000,000 copies in asia .
0	he was the first american president to be assassinated .
0	his book , an inquiry into the nature and causes of the wealth of nations , was very important .
0	it was released in 1996 .
0	the armor was necessary as it lived with such meat-eaters as allosaurus and ceratosaurus .
0	sicily is an autonomous region of italy .
0	if there is a talk page , check that .
0	mercury levels can be relatively high in some of the larger species of tuna such as bluefin and albacore .
0	cozumel is a popular tourist destination renowned for its scuba diving .
0	bergkamen is a town in the district of unna , in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
0	she had seven children but five of them died .
0	ton roosendaal discovered nan in june of 1998 .
0	the constitution on the sacred liturgy , second vatican council .
0	his work helped scientists to understand nuclear structure better .
0	duke henry of guise seizes the city , forcing king henry iii to flee .
0	he joined the world hockey association , first as coach and general manager for the quebec nordiques in 1973–74 .
0	it takes place 215 years before castlevania i and ii .
0	ecosystem valuation is a widely used tool to find out the impact of human activities on an environmental system .
0	ottoman turks besiege vienna .
0	an aircraft carrier is a floating airbase .
0	a cold front moved off the east coast of the united states late on july 13 .
0	the european union and the united states see it as a terrorist organization .
0	it is also the birth-place of spiritual teacher meher baba .
0	today , it houses part of the hermitage museum .
0	pompey was a rival of marcus licinius crassus and an ally to gaius julius caesar .
0	in 1913 he become a cadet in the royal military academy .
0	betty and ted corday made the show in 1965 .
0	includes new transitions/animations , new themes and graphics .
0	thus , freedom and democracy are seen as connected .
0	they are native to the tropical region of southeast asia .
0	after the wwf/wwe name change in 2002 , the championship became known as the wwe intercontinental championship .
0	the disease can be traced back to her grandmother queen victoria .
0	eris is 2400 kilometres in diameter , slightly bigger than pluto .
0	in japanese cuisine , chefs often use shellfish and their roe .
0	it is the center of new york and the smallest borough .
0	various archaeological cultures developed in the mesolithic , neolithic , bronze age , and iron age .
0	it is also sometimes speculated that brahui might be a direct legacy of the indus valley civilisation .
0	the crust is made up of different types of rocks ; igneous , metamorphic , and sedimentary rocks .
0	in 1681 , charles ii of england , gave the land to william penn .
0	some of the notes are longer than others .
0	his mother , an amateur pianist , taught him to play the piano .
0	the soviets hung large banners across it to prevent him looking into the east .
0	in 1818 , christian gmelin observed that lithium salts give a bright red color in flame .
0	marriage and children anne was married to charles viii of france on december 6 , 1491 .
0	jános kádár became leader of the communist party .
0	bananas have a lot of vitamin b6 , vitamin c , and potassium .
0	it is the longest place name in the united kingdom .
0	sociologists often use statistics to count and measure patterns in how people act or behave .
0	if the flag is shown hanging vertically , the white should be on the left .
0	this census also shows that nearly a million people are living in vietnam .
0	in japan , for instance , zen monks build decorative gardens .
0	an eyelash is a hair that grows at the edge of the eyelids .
0	the nation borders mali in the east , guinea-bissau in the south , and guinea in the south-east .
0	bhutan 's capital city is thimphu .
0	these are usually 8 arms and two tentacles .
0	they also released one night stand before coming back to europe to start work with their third album .
0	he got a tony award and two oscar nominations .
0	carteret county is a county in the u.s. state of north carolina .
0	the fragrant flowers of jamun are small , nearly 5 millimetres in diameter .
0	portsmouth is a city in the u.s. state of virginia .
0	pittsburgh was the most livable city in the united states in 2007 .
0	the river indus passes from north to south on western side of the district and touches d.g.khan .
0	king otakar ii of bohemia became the most important prince in europe .
0	it is well known as the end of world war ii .
0	the entire police force goes out and starts to search every school to find the bomb .
0	he was a production designer for hanna-barbera productions and the artist/character designer of scooby-doo .
0	for example , mary brown married john smith and she changed her name to mary smith .
0	hurricane kiko made landfall on the gulf of california side of the baja california peninsula .
0	island records is a record label that was founded by british makers in jamaica .
0	there is a version with a bonus dvd .
0	when al davis came in as head coach and general manager , the raiders improved .
0	hibernian football club is a professional football club based at easter road in edinburgh , scotland .
0	he also made appearances on many television programs .
0	beham mostly engraved pictures of peasants and scenes from myths or history , sometimes with erotic scenes as well .
0	trees were downed and recently repaired roads were washed out .
0	the giant sea bass stereolepis gigas , also called the black sea bass , from the family polyprionidae .
0	he is the member of parliament for the runnymede and weybridge constituency in the united kingdom .
0	magnesium oxide is used by libraries to make books last longer .
0	the first heart transplant was done by christiaan barnard in december 1967 .
0	black peppercorns are mentioned in ayurveda , siddha and unani medicine in india .
0	peyton is the older brother of new york giants quarterback eli manning .
0	verona is ruled by prince escalus .
0	she later married prince rainier iii of monaco and became her serene highness the princess of monaco .
0	many of them are gases , but some are solids or liquids .
0	remlingen is a municipality in district wolfenbüttel .
0	the buddha 's first and most important teachings are the four noble truths .
0	in super mario 64 , her name became peach .
0	dr monteil is one of the founders of the women 's rights movement in 1970 .
0	heine himself said , his conversion was `` the ticket of admission into european culture '' .
0	a cart is a vehicle with two wheels and usually pulled by one horse .
0	it is the capital of amazonas .
0	the pv was ranked # 1 on melon 's video chart for 30 days .
0	details about you generally should not go in the main namespace , which is reserved for encyclopedic content .
0	capitol records is a record label based in hollywood , california .
0	she released her first uk solo album , the alesha show in 2008 .
0	abbeville is founded by descendants of acadians from nova scotia .
0	not clarified , are earlier reports of 2 new zealanders , 2 bulgarians , and 1 pole .
0	an iguana 's ear is called a tympanum .
0	moldavia , stephan iii the great fights against turkey and poland .
0	it is the world 's 13th largest island .
0	foucault died of an aids-related illness in paris june 26th , 1984 .
0	kofun period begins in japan .
0	in 2005 , he took on the post of music advisor to the pittsburgh symphony orchestra for three years .
0	now known as opera , the internet browser has become very popular .
0	flamenco pa tos is a spanish festival of flamenco music .
0	while in cambrai he worked with nicolas grenon on completely renewing the cathedral collection of music .
0	light is reflected by the ice and may split into colors , similar to the rainbow .
0	after the attacks on sept 11 , 2001 , bush ordered an invasion of afghanistan .
0	this album sold more than 2,300,000 copies in asia ; making it her most successful album .
0	the name was changed to american university of beirut on november 18 , 1920 .
0	sonic the hedgehog 2 , also called sonic 2 , is the sequel to sonic the hedgehog .
0	venezuela claims the land west of the essequibo river as part of guayana esequiba .
0	last doge of venice , ludovico manin , steps down .
0	the german government protested against this situation .
0	eucalypts make a lot of nectar , providing food for many insects .
0	early history from around the 10th millennium bc , this area began to get more rainfall than before .
0	in the book , mowgli realizes he needs to go back to human civilization .
0	edward , the black prince , marries joan , the 'fair maid of kent ' .
0	he was the leader of the muses .
0	their fifth album , released in 2005 , was titled get behind me satan .
0	in some communist countries , farmers were tied to their farms .
0	burke was encouraged by sir philip francis who had been wounded by hastings in a duel in india .
0	she defeated maryse at night of champions .
0	odessa is a warm water port , but of limited military value .
0	adolf hitler now was called .
0	the history of the mediterranean is important in understanding the origin and development of western civilization .
0	polish rights the free city was represented abroad by poland 's ambassadors .
0	in 1965 , simpson became the first briton to be world professional road racing champion .
0	it was released on dvd on november 2 , 2001 .
0	her death fossey was murdered in her cabin on december 26 , 1985 .
0	in rome , the term pizza bianca refers to a type of bread topped only with olive oil .
0	april 28 - american dennis tito becomes the first space tourist .
0	the population of venice is 271,3671 .
0	the capital city is tallinn .
0	abc in the united states cancelled plans to show magical mystery tour in america .
0	austin has the university of texas at austin .
0	he was foreign minister of south korea from 1967 to 1971 and prime minister from 1975 to 1979 .
0	oakland was a unlikely city to have a professional american football team .
0	it is the last town on victoria 's east coast before the border with new south wales .
0	it is the capital of the autonomous community of castile-la mancha and the toledo province .
0	their second album , sam 's town , was released in october 2006 .
0	a root word has a root and an ending .
0	monroe negotiated the louisiana purchase .
0	bahrain 's natural resources include large amounts of oil natural gas as well as fish .
0	the current president of ireland is mary mcaleese .
0	in the past it has also welcomed major bands such as the beatles and the kinks .
0	tens of thousands of civilians massacred by each side .
0	the capital is schwerin .
0	implicitly , what was not given was necessarily retained by the states .
0	they may have aligned themselves against teotihuacán to reduce its influence and power .
0	english is also widely spoken universal language of south india .
0	as of the 2000 census , the city of gulport had a total population of 71,127 .
0	according to cat-fancy website terrific-cats .
0	his mother had been freed from dachau and began a year-long search for him .
0	they had several hit songs in the 1980s .
0	their biggest hit is a song called oo siellä jossain mun .
0	important mahasiddhas each mahasiddha has come to be known for certain things .
0	monet married alice in 1892 .
0	men enjoy the illusion of that which is never to be .
0	they are usually used for storing clothing , such as underwear and socks .
0	vaihingen an der enz is a town in southern german state of baden-württemberg .
0	she now is a special envoy on climate change for the united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon .
0	ecology most species of bryozoan live in marine environments .
0	a magazine 's circulation is the number of copies it usually distributes for each issue .
0	she also plays the voice of meg griffin on family guy instead of lacey chabert .
0	three weeks later he died in southampton .
0	it has a population of about 1 million .
0	san francisco , california in august 1923 .
0	darwin made the english names for many plants .
0	both the band and cavallo agreed that the album had to be different from its last records .
0	brigham young university is named after him .
0	this period is also famous for its art , poetry and literature .
0	he died on december 26 1972 .
0	it was given the designation s/1989 n 3 .
0	education and internment ellis 's father was a general manager of the metropolitan railway in london .
0	he was an excellent choirmaster and teacher .
0	in 2002 , turgi got the wakker prize for saving its historical buildings .
0	he became a messenger for the powers that be .
0	its official language is english .
0	the capital city is lausanne .
0	after world war i , it was made the administrative center of the belgian controlled ruanda-urundi .
0	it goes through the indian states of delhi , haryana , and uttar pradesh .
0	yeats won the nobel prize in literature in 1923 .
0	she was a granddaughter of queen victoria of the united kingdom .
0	they are sensory organs .
0	lincoln made a famous speech after the battle of gettysburg in 1863 called the gettysburg address .
0	the front three pairs are used as jaws and are called maxillipeds .
0	the phonograph was invented by thomas alva edison in 1877 .
0	on june 29th , roh tae-woo announced a program of reform .
0	fasting : muslims fast during ramadan , the ninth month of the islamic year .
0	the royal mail office in belfast has a postcode of bt1 1aa .
0	it has the voices of albert brooks , alexander gould , and ellen degeneres as fish .
0	they also have big tournaments like the u.s. open , australian open , french open and wimbledon .
0	her parents were mary wollstonecraft , a feminist , and william godwin , a philosopher .
0	houyet is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	muse played at the glastonbury festival in june 2004 .
0	there is an enormous muscle that is just beneath the skin and covers the entire body .
0	american football team in atlanta , georgia .
0	she was married to stan rice until his death in 2002 .
0	the rose rock is a rock that has a shape similar to a rose blossom .
0	may 8 - alfonso vi of castile marries constance of burgundy .
0	mayan languages are spoken by at least 6 million indigenous maya .
0	seven species of frogs have be found on the islands .
0	during the early '80s he wrote a textbook about economics knowledge .
0	it appeared on the wii 's virtual console too .
0	parliament developed from the early medieval councils of bishops and earls that advised the sovereigns of england .
0	it dates back to 1880 .
0	discography is the study and listing of sound recordings .
0	they are found in north america , europe , and north asia .
0	the faerie queene is an english epic poem by edmund spenser .
0	the movies were based on j. r. r. tolkien 's book the lord of the rings .
0	other websites asian dust in korea ostapuk , paul asian dust clouds szykman , jim et al .
0	orthodox patriarch of alexandria meletius i succeeds silvester .
0	it is estimated that 99.9 % of all species that have ever lived are now extinct .
0	robert tyler and priscilla lived in philadelphia for 16 years .
0	his father , john culver , was a united states senator .
0	she has two brothers , hugh and tony .
0	anne of denmark is crowned queen of scotland .
0	the title was not used after the republic of turkey abolished the ottoman caliphate in 1924 .
0	all 269 on board die .
0	depending on the operating system and the application being used , accents marks could be accessed .
0	the liverpool garden festival opens in liverpool .
0	the network began showing the remaining episodes of the sixth season on june 13 , 2006 .
0	the words were written by veikko antero koskenniemi .
0	events by place roman empire romans capture sofia .
0	president of the reichsbank 1923-1930 & 1933-1938 and economics minister 1934-1937 .
0	the capital is the city of cusco .
0	by eating the fruit of the tree , adam and eve tried to become like god .
0	its capital and largest city is little rock .
0	eniac was shut down forever on october 2 , 1955 .
0	while at porto , for example , robson suffered from malignant melanoma .
0	the climate above the tree-line is called an alpine climate .
0	she died at the age of 75 in albany .
0	the townships are divided into villages and wards .
0	during world war ii hanau was almost completely destroyed by british airstrikes in march 1945 .
0	during that time he started a pakaging|packaging factory ] ] .
0	his major opponents were george h. w. bush and bob dole .
0	patna is capital city of the indian state of bihar .
0	this takes several months for human thumbnails .
0	lots of different measurements of correlation are used for different situations .
0	kolding is a transportation , commercial , and manufacturing centre , and has many industrial companies .
0	a rhombus with all angles equal is called a square .
0	other animals twinning is common in many other animals , such as cats , sheep , and ferrets .
0	he died on september 4 , 1965 at his hospital in lambarene .
0	during world war ii honegger could not leave paris .
0	the university of giessen is the home of the kellner project .
0	the album itself topped the billboard heatseekers chart , and reached # 125 on the billboard 200 .
0	the solutions are called pythagorean triples .
0	the last song hooker recorded before his death , is `` ali d'oro '' .
0	cubism was a highly significant art movement between 1907 and 1911 in france .
0	animals ' cells do not have cell walls .
0	plushenko took the 2006-2007 season away from skating .
0	those countries are sweden , denmark , norway , finland , bosnia , and croatia .
0	the society also runs the aventis prizes for science books .
0	it is called `` the horse capital of the world '' .
0	edith went to roosevelt 's wedding with alice hathaway lee roosevelt in 1880 .
0	abbottabad district is a district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
0	these events provide a supportive environment where masturbation can be performed openly among young and old without embarrassment .
0	reception laws of form was listed in the whole earth catalog in 1969 and quickly became a cult classic .
0	the club became a major force in both spanish and european football during the 1950s .
0	aden mea vid-cirklo penetras e standas sat mastre nur morto e nasko homala , nur grani ed astri .
0	in may 2007 , wikihow had 5.39 million unique readers .
0	he also wrote some serious sacred music .
0	chris benoit began his career in 1985 in stu hart 's stampede wrestling promotion .
0	it is home to brigham young university .
0	in 2000 , the population was 24,384 .
0	knopf , 1930 the ways of white folks .
0	in his later years , dandurand owned a successful restaurant in downtown montreal .
0	the airport has produced a master plan outlining their vision for growth up to 2030 .
0	it was also the third named storm of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season .
0	french was also influenced by the celtic and frankish languages .
0	edessa is taken by the sassanids .
0	inscriptions the main inscription was made of bronze letters .
0	he has become one of the most famous boxers in the world with his `` rope-a-dope '' technique .
0	lichtenberg was also the site of the headquarters of the stasi , the east german intelligence service .
0	hannibal went into voluntary exile .
0	this album won a grammy award as best latin pop album in 2001 .
0	on march 1 , 1978 , his body was stolen by a small group of swiss people .
0	his father , james , was a blacksmith .
0	haudenosaune mesoamerica zapotec the zapotec emerged around 1500 years bce .
0	the farthest shore is the third in a series of books that are written by ursula k. le guin .
0	unemployment in the city was near 23 % as of 2001 .
0	history the bass guitar was invented in the 1930s by inventor paul tutmarc from seattle , washington .
0	besides the instant powder form , mexican hot chocolate uses semi-sweet chocolate , cinnamon , sugar and vanilla .
0	they are based in detroit , michigan .
0	everyone has a right to an education .
0	this is also asexual reproduction .
0	a 240-line intermediate film system and the marconi-emi 's 405-line all-electronic television service .
0	an oval can look like an egg or an ellipse .
0	cooper 's solo career began with the 1975 album welcome to my nightmare .
0	it has been thought that a. afarensis was an ancestor to both the genus australopithecus and the genus homo .
0	it 's the spiritual sequel to osu !
0	he is the guitarist for the funk rock band , red hot chili peppers .
0	ciney is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	arlene strengthened just below hurricane strength before making landfall on western florida .
0	it is near the town of monza , italy , north of milan .
0	robert is buried in the saint denis basilica .
0	he was first elected in the 1987 general election for the boothferry constituency .
0	references other websites fbi foia reading room files of the `` norjak '' d.b . cooper case check-six .
0	australia advances with solar power the times , 26 october 2006 .
0	in 1996 , the city of suva had a population of 77,366 .
0	the carnival happens each year from january 4 to january 6 .
0	its capital is monrovia .
0	marriage and family in whittier , pat ryan met a young lawyer named richard nixon .
0	people of the university of wittenberg flee plague to jena .
0	hindi is the most commonly spoken language in india .
0	the population of vaihingen is around 30,000 .
0	they were built by laying out stones in a circular pattern .
0	colonel james ball arrives at fort meigs with 200 dragoons .
0	ketchup contains the highest concentrations of bioavailable lycopene .
0	it was released on february 16 , 2007 in europe and february 20 , 2007 in north america .
0	in latin america , a quinceañera party marks a girl 's 15th birthday .
0	ouaddaï is one of fourteen prefectures of chad .
0	today in france , july 14 , fête nationale , also called bastille day , is a national holiday .
0	he is most famous with the west coast hip hop scene .
0	these poems are his best poems .
0	recording during the recording of the song , guitarist herman li broke one of his guitar strings .
0	the series ran for two seasons from 2000 until 2002 .
0	darius i , king of persia .
0	rhys ap gruffydd agrees to talk tohenry ii of england .
0	a quark model was made by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
0	they have a son gabriel , born in 2003 .
0	but there were several other important aztec gods too : tlaloc , tezcatlipoca and huitzilopochtli .
0	a volcanologist is a person who studies volcanoes and their eruptions .
0	on the first day of release , she ranked # 2 on the online charts of sbs inkigayo .
0	they went through many names before bloc party was chosen in 2003 .
0	law of succession is introduced in norway .
0	the false gharial is native to six river systems in sumatra and malaysia .
0	it was founded in 1860 .
0	doves feed on seeds , fruit and plants .
0	it was released on november 17 , 2006 .
0	an umbrella term is a word that provides a superset or grouping of related concepts .
0	it 's sometimes been broadcast along xena .
0	biggar is a town in south lanarkshire , scotland .
0	his early works were heavily influenced by his ukrainian heritage and upbringing .
0	he was made baron verulam in 1618 , and viscount st albans in 1621 .
0	in 1965 he got a harkness fellowship which gave him the opportunity to study composition in the united states .
0	rugby park is a scottish football stadium .
0	she was the second secretary of state under former president george w. bush .
0	the second-in-command of a group is usually a major .
0	breckinridge is the youngest vice president in u.s. history , starting at age 36 .
0	when nordraak died , grieg composed a funeral march in his honour .
0	biomass is part of the carbon cycle .
0	they are in a coalition government with the green party and the progressive democrats .
0	finally , they were killed in large numbers because farmers thought they were pests .
0	brian felt that he was not given his due as fany .
0	his later years back in italy , airoldi tried to beat spiridon louis 's record .
0	nashville is the capital city of the u.s. state of tennessee .
0	he was the son of niccolo di betto bardi , and was born in florence .
0	the prize was not one of the awards set out in the will of alfred nobel .
0	the second part about 2 km .
0	he is married with tamra davis .
0	in 1945 , he became a piano student at the kiev conservatory of music .
0	the vietnam war ends .
0	the title becomes a smackdown !
0	it was directed by kelly and stanley donen .
0	ino , polydorus , autonoe , agaue and semele with kadmos .
0	he is considered to be the most popular and influential poet of the urdu language .
0	analytical cubism is the first form of cubism .
0	this park is protected .
0	the name cones from the genus in it , brassica .
0	some of concord 's earliest houses remain today at the north end of main street .
0	hume joined the benedictine monastery at ampleforth abbey in north yorkshire at the age of 18 .
0	windows and mac os x are common operating systems .
0	d'anjou pears usually cost less than other types of pears , but are not as sweet .
0	a music critic called f. w. jähns used the word to describe weber ’ s work .
0	it was the fifth legend of zelda video game and was the first to be in 3d .
0	he gives lulu a revolver , and tells her to kill herself , but she shoots schön instead .
0	the opera opens with a young sailor singing about a “ wild irish maid ” .
0	the town had a population of 35,203 in the 2001 census .
0	languages among mandarin-speakers , stefanie is known by her mandarin name , sun yan zi .
0	the clouds are carried by eastward winds to china , japan , east russia and the koreas .
0	she has sold over 37,800,000 copies of albums and singles .
0	silesian duchies accept suzerainty of holy roman empire .
0	he was one of the most famous composers in the classical music period .
0	this has not yet been completed , and dar es salaam is still tanzania 's primary city .
0	on 24 april the encirclement of the city completed .
0	in 1771 he won second prize in a painting competition in the city of parma .
0	like most arthropods , lobsters must shed it in order to grow .
0	sisters are more related to each other than to any offspring they might have .
0	it is also available for mac os xepiphany ported to mac os x and was made from galeon .
0	he became a member of the papal choir .
0	general john murray died on 8 september 1951 at the military hospital , concord , sydney .
0	johnny canuck , an image of canadians in early political cartoons of the 1860s resisting uncle sam 's bullying .
0	ramé was born in bury st. edmunds , england , to a french father and an english mother .
0	it is believed to be the work of alexandros of antioch .
0	death burnside died at st. francis hospital on september 1 , 2005 at 78 years old .
0	since december 2005 , it is a candidate for joining the european union .
0	it has more than 2,000 rooms .
0	schools of tibetan buddhism tibetan buddhism has four main schools .
0	ghola are often sold to nobles by the tleilaxu as servants and retainers .
0	she writes in chuchu and ciao .
0	igbo speak the igbo language .
0	tibet becomes part of china tibet officially became part of the people 's republic of china in the 1950s .
0	they are related to the fox terrier , but are considered a separate breed .
0	he was a professor at ruhr-university bochum from 1968 till 2002 .
0	britain and venezuela argued over the boundary between british guiana and venezuela for much of the 19th century .
0	most of the north sea lies on the european continental shelf .
0	he is buried in the saint denis basilica .
0	he renamed the store hennes & mauritz , later shortened to h & m .
0	characters link - the star of the game .
0	english is the main language spoken .
0	it is named for henry hudson .
0	marcel dupré , and in 1939 she joined his organ class at the conservatory .
0	newer bricks , dated between 7,000 and 6,395 b.c. , come from jericho and catal hüyük .
0	laksa is a popular spicy noodle soup from peranakan culture .
0	stalemate without the resources from his allies or reinforcements from carthage , hannibal could not do much more .
0	windows 2000 comes in four versions : professional , server , advanced server , and datacenter server .
0	the police arrive to arrest lulu for the murder .
0	this is the same as the young riders ' competition in the tour de france .
0	the dutch east india company is dissolved .
0	in march 1887 , his book , noli me tangere was published .
0	vat based own resources are taxes on eu citizens as a proportion of vat in each member country .
0	in september 2004 , he stepped down from his position as peru 's ambassador to france .
0	book by joseph stein and robert russell , lyrics and music by bob merrill .
0	each player starts the game with two knights .
0	ratingen is a town in the german state north rhine-westphalia .
0	passengers can take rides by buying cash tickets or using the ticket system known as smartrider .
0	it has a spin-off called yu-gi-oh !
0	the false gharial , like all other crocodilian species , lays eggs .
0	the first opera to be performed there was salieri 's europa riconosciuta .
0	more vicious than their predecessors , they did n't have as much cause as the earlier generations to rebel .
0	he won the japanese national championships in 2006 and 2007 .
0	the capital of punjab is lahore .
0	brasschaat is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
0	the compromise followed a series of failed constitutional reforms of the habsburg empire .
0	with his sister katara , he travels with aang to defeat the fire lord .
0	it was one of the bloodiest days in the history of the british army .
0	texas a & m university is a public university in college station , texas .
0	the metronome was invented by dietrich nikolaus winkel in amsterdam in 1812 .
0	originally , he had to rescue his girlfriend pauline in donkey kong .
0	timur conquers the muzaffarid empire in central persia and appoints three puppet rulers .
0	while deciding the case , the icj applies the principles of international law .
0	she was born in san francisco , california .
0	lightning thunderbolt 's little sidekick .
0	the national museum of mongolian history .
0	he also designates gabriel-nicolas de la reynie as first chief of `` police '' of paris .
0	sometimes the city is called the `` southernmost canadian city '' .
0	most of the population are descendants of european settlers .
0	robert costanza and other theorists of natural capital analysed nature 's services to humanity in the 1990s .
0	the juice is used to make sweets , candy and ice-cream .
0	there was a clear distinction between free warren and domestic warren .
0	it is secreted from the liver of most vertebrate animals , and is often stored in the gall bladder .
0	the armenian alphabet is an alphabet that has been used to write the armenian language since the 5th century .
0	it was created in 1773 , with the title of `` governor-general of the presidency of fort william '' .
0	as of 1996 , about 100 million comic books have been sold .
0	adams helped write the massachusetts constitution with james bowdoin and his cousin john adams .
0	the 1991 formula one season was the 42th edition of the championship .
0	this completed version was performed in 1979 at the opera garnier , conducted by pierre boulez .
0	the university of washington is in seattle .
0	baleen whales have baleen plates for filtering food from water , instead of having teeth .
0	the adult robin is hunted by hawks , cats , and larger snakes .
0	he is buried in the saint denis basilica .
0	in 2000 , the population was 17,167 .
0	other important factors are , for example , voltage regulation and number of connectors .
0	for much of its length it forms the boundary between victoria and new south wales .
0	they plan to go after hibernating , but shade wishes to go now .
0	the palio is a traditional medieval horse race is run around the piazza del campo each year .
0	she is the daughter of the greek actor , john aniston .
0	arabians also are seen in movies , parades , circuses and other places where horses are used .
0	most of the powers of the glc were given to the london boroughs .
0	farciennes is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	atze schroder the figure `` atze schroder '' was born on 27 september 1965 in the german town essen .
0	estimates are that about 46 million induced abortions are done worldwide , every year .
0	there were approximately 2,000 inns , or tambos , placed at even intervals along the trails .
0	this theatre was the largest of all the theatres of wwi .
0	it is halfway between schaffhausen and rorschach .
0	the first ship , supply , reached botany bay on 18 january 1788 .
0	cyclone rotate clockwise in the southern hemisphere and anticlockwise in the northern hemisphere .
0	government hull was a county borough in the east riding of yorkshire from 1889 to 1974 .
0	fortaleza also has music festivals , for example ceará music .
0	it was the site of the first landing of english colonists going to jamestown .
0	she has a residential hall at university of california , berkeley named after her .
0	though traditionally represented as a male , there are records of inari appearing as a female as well .
0	a `` handkerchief '' primarily refers to a napkin made of cloth , used to maintain personal hygiene .
0	govern them and lift them up for ever .
0	amay is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	these catholic monarchists believed the image would protect them against wounding by the enemy firearms .
0	generations label in north america .
0	jean-marc vacheron opened the first workshop in geneva , switzerland in 1755 .
0	suu kyi won the rafto prize and the sakharov prize in 1990 and the nobel peace prize in 1991 .
0	medellín is the second largest city of colombia .
0	sonogno is a municipality of the district locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	the story in dollhouse , eliza dushku plays a young woman named echo .
0	cebuano is a member of the visayan language family .
0	brazilian academy of sciences .
0	the sun rises as he leaves .
0	the fall of communism in eastern europe had tremendous influence on the political economy of organized crime .
0	launched in 1998 , the tung chung line serves exactly that purpose .
0	the capital city of the state is thiruvananthapuram .
0	their head coach is jason kreis .
0	death her family was murdered by bolsheviks on july 17 , 1918 during the russian revolution .
0	the first evidence of homo sapiens in europe dates back to 35,000 bc .
0	falkirk football club is a scottish professional football club currently playing in the scottish premier league .
0	in that year the administration was moved to unna , when the district name also changed to unna .
0	she is known as europe ’ s first professional woman writer .
0	it made only $ 9,376,845 during its opening weekend , and a total of $ 22,753,426 in theaters .
0	an improvement from the previous , clinching a bronze in 2004 .
0	roman finances become strained following the danubian insurrection , and varus ' defeat in germany .
0	they are western ghats and eastern ghats .
0	it is based in paris , france .
0	they were built by nebuchadnezzar ii around 600 bc .
0	it was released as a radio only single .
0	little mountain fire the little mountain fire threatens several homes and other structures .
0	a male lord mayor 's wife is known as a lady mayoress .
0	it experiences cold winters and warm , drier summers .
0	during this time , teams will work hard at an special place , often a university .
0	francis cardinal spellman , the catholic archbishop of new york .
0	william died in a yellow fever epidemic .
0	history camembert was reputedly invented in 1791 by marie harel , a farmer from normandy .
0	among its founders was ellen g. white .
0	during the war , iraq used chemical weapons against iranian forces and kurdish separatists .
0	both leaders , the serbian prince lazar and murad i were killed in battle .
0	kimberly hart - the first pink ranger .
0	squid use it for cutting prey .
0	university of paris strike of 1229 .
0	retrieved 2 may , 2008 .
0	the symptoms of the red death are terrible : the victim has convulsions and sweats blood instead of water .
0	it was named after hydra , the monster who guarded the waters of pluto/hades 's underworld in greco-roman mythology .
0	the wwe punished ten wrestlers named in the issue , though batista was not one of them .
0	faithful is put on trial , and executed .
0	the word is derived from albus , a latin word for `` white '' .
0	it is in one of the holiest sites in the old city of damascus .
0	killswitch engage is an american heavy metal band from massachusetts .
0	he is a scientist and researcher with great intelligence and understanding about mutant genetics .
0	the current chief constable is sir hugh orde obe .
0	estonian uses the latin alphabet .
0	bureaucrat rights are granted by the community to trusted users who have already become admins .
0	she left sweden with her husband in 1818 and went to italy .
0	the many buildings constructed after the spanish conquest have spanish influence with a mix of inca architecture .
0	mauritanian mps pass slavery law in niger , slavery is also rife .
0	fascism fascism describes certain related political regimes in 20th century europe , especially the nazi germany of hitler .
0	the population of shrewsbury is 75,000 .
0	he died just over two weeks later in london , at age 76 .
0	he was crowned at scone in november 1331 .
0	people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia and/or sudden cardiac death .
0	it is a member of the inuit group of non-spherical moons .
0	he was one of the people who started the romantic movement .
0	japanese : short to medium length sticks that have a pointed end .
0	rembrandt died in amsterdam on october 4 , 1669 .
0	the north is called ishtar terra and the south is called aphrodite terra .
0	in 1819 , the adams-onís treaty gave all of florida to the united states .
0	after this , they made this as an air-raid shelter for the use of ss .
0	though most of them were published as dr. seuss , he also wrote 13 books as theo .
0	alan scott 's power ring had to be recharged every 24 hours and did not work on wood .
0	because of this , a canal was created at reedham to provides a connection to the river waveney .
0	columbia is home to the pulitzer prize .
0	mechanical engineering is designing mechanical things .
0	blood can leave only through a system of veins around the outside wall of the corpus cavernosum .
0	it is one of the youngest capitals of latin america .
0	bill cullen died in 1990 from lung cancer after smoking for most of his life .
0	he was first elected to office in 2002 and re-elected in 2006 .
0	the population is about 10 million .
0	dead milkmen were a punk band from philadelphia .
0	however , it gambles with the resources used .
0	in 1821 , alexis bouvard published the astronomical tables of the orbit of uranus .
0	the next ejaculate contains more fresh sperm , which has higher chances of achieving conception during intercourse .
0	this marked the end of the confederacy of independent systems and the beginning of the galactic empire .
0	family guy is a 1999 animated comedy television series created by seth macfarlane .
0	twelve communists were killed and forty-five others were mutilated .
0	the book sold fewer than a thousand copies .
0	paddlers face in the direction of travel , either seated or kneeling .
0	but they continued to claim authority in religious matters from their base in egypt .
0	music at first , during the 1820s and 1830s , she just wrote for piano .
0	the series aired from august 11 , 1991 to june 8 , 2004 .
0	during the 1970s and 1980s schoenefeld had had its own crossing points through the berlin wall for western citizens .
0	the profits of the festival are used by the gomaespuma foundation to help children in managua .
0	scrublands may develop naturally or as result of human activity .
0	she has lectured at the university of chicago , yale university , harvard university , and columbia university .
0	the great seal of vermont is the official seal of the u.s. state of vermont .
0	the muldentalkreis is a district in the free state of saxony , germany .
0	it is the capital of the state of north rhine-westphalia .
0	the city of narowal is the capital .
0	during his flight , he flew too close to the sun and his wings were melted .
0	it is lies on the banks of the kama river , at the foot of the ural mountains .
0	the district of saanich is a region of greater victoria , british columbia .
0	gregory had now become less powerful , and thirteen cardinals deserted him .
0	the player who can not make a move loses .
0	a county is the name for a piece of land .
0	other pages conservation law energy thermodynamics references modern accounts goldstein , martin , and inge f. , 1993 .
0	smith studied making movies but dropped out halfway through his studies .
0	if both contestants get 200 or more points , they win the grand prize .
0	the meerkat 's ears can close when it digs for food .
0	the mongols burned the city to the ground , and killed many people .
0	the visigoths invade thrace and macedonia .
0	unusually , the publishers of winning works are given a certificate .
0	the five other producers are carles , gabriel coullet , fromageries occitanes , vernières and le vieux berger .
0	mary was the sister to the king of england , james ii .
0	the coins named biatec represent the first use of writing in slovakia .
0	in 1900 he lost an arm when he fired a cannon .
0	rondo form is sometimes combined with sonata form to make something which is called `` sonata rondo form '' .
0	they believed that guilds hindered economic development and free trade .
0	knoppmyth specialized knoppix distribution for easy setup of the mythtv pvr software .
0	in 1847 his father retired and the family moved to paris .
0	well-known species of vaccinium are blueberries , cranberries and huckleberries .
0	jonathan coachman replaced him afterwards .
0	rhee , his austrian-born wife , francisca donner , and adopted son lived in exile in honolulu , hawaii .
0	pittsburgh was the most livable city in the united states in 2007 .
0	all arabians have black skin under their hair coat , except under white markings .
0	the company was founded in 1935 as a merger between fox film and 20th century pictures .
0	he married actress marissa ribisi in 2004 .
0	after this process , the liquid is mixed with water to reach the desired amount of alcohol .
0	the actual process , however , is unknown .
0	this lump is formed by the angle of the thyroid cartilage that surrounds the larynx .
0	he became a priest on july 23 , 1950 .
0	biography early life jeffrey howard archer was born in the city of london maternity hospital .
0	his teams in his youth : eintracht bamberg 1 .
0	the date may have been 18 october because that was his saint ’ s feast day .
0	penicillin was discovered by scottish scientist sir alexander fleming in 1928 .
0	however , he was not successful in selling the game .
0	klein died of complications from alzheimer 's disease in july 2009 .
0	the winter and spring of 1967 saw more militancy of the protests at many campuses .
0	south yorkshire * 1 .
0	honeyboy is the last original delta blues guitarists still performing .
0	his mitochondrial dna was of a type found in 11 % of modern european populations .
0	mortsel is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
0	possible date that ambrosius theodosius macrobius published his saturnalia .
0	this is the type of reaction that is used to break down polymers into many smaller units .
0	ultimate ninja [ ] : the leader of the lnh .
0	two important classifications of weathering processes exist .
0	history creation matt groening first drew the simpson family in the lobby of james l. brooks ' office .
0	other spellings are stephan , stefan , and stevon .
0	the male is black or dark brown and the female is a grey colour .
0	saint-chamond is a town in france .
0	hamilton academical is a football team from hamilton , lanarkshire in scotland .
0	the movie stars simon pegg and nick frost .
0	hannibal went to crete , but he soon returned to the asia minor .
0	he has released 14 albums .
0	they are found in both hinduism and tibetan buddhism .
0	the word is short for periwig and appeared in the english language around 1675 .
0	in order for one to trust another , their worth and integrity must be proven over time .
0	abyss got one more title shot in the king of the mountain match at slammiversary .
0	violinists and other players of string instruments produce vibrato by moving the finger backwards and forwards on the fingerboard .
0	it is also used to clean certain lab apparatus from tiny metal particles .
0	he became the organist at the church of the grands-augustins and then at saint-sulpice .
0	this led to a bloody gun fight at the army headquarters and the ministry of defense .
0	the pallavas were at their finest during the reigns of narasimhavarman i and pallavamalla nandivarman ii .
0	the movie , inspired by the biography of the same name , was released in 2001 .
0	he returned the gold to the royal swedish academy of sciences .
0	samantha was played by elizabeth montgomery .
0	this is called the cremasteric reflex .
0	it opened on october 25 , 1931 .
0	when electric current flows in a circuit with resistance , it does work .
0	the speech of archidamus .
0	but the flooding was not as dramatic as the localised flooding in sheffield and doncaster .
0	it may show geographic features and political boundaries , but often social , religious and economic statistics as well .
0	there are many different kinds of trout .
0	he had bought parts of a captain 's uniform from different shops .
0	dornach is a municipality in the district dorneck in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
0	politics the main city of devon is plymouth .
0	she also served as the president of the girl scouts of the usa .
0	the movie was re-released by disney on march 7 , 2006 .
0	the 2003 formula one season was the 54th edition of the championship .
0	the armenian alphabet is an alphabet that has been used to write the armenian language since the 5th century .
0	a secondary source is a document or recording that writes or speaks about information that was originally presented elsewhere .
0	los angeles was home to the olympic games in 1932 and 1984 .
0	the first english settlers came in 1633 .
0	vh1 produced a “ behind the music ” episode on def leppard .
0	the river hull is a river in yorkshire in the north of england .
0	in september 1869 , o'reilly escaped with help from an american ship .
0	lactic acid bacteria changes the milk sugar into lactic acid .
0	one could say that the thermodynamic cycle is an ideal case of the mechanical engine .
0	the shells she sells are sea-shells , i 'm sure .
0	mario games racing each other in go-karts on tracks themed from locations in the mario series .
0	they drew up borders , which includes bits of north and south dakota , nebraska , wyoming and montana .
0	priscilla remained in montgomery after robert 's death .
0	livonian brothers of the sword conquers latgallians and the stronghold of tartu from ugaunian and russian troops .
0	christological controversies of the 4th and 5th centuries they became statements of faith .
0	batista and kane faced khali at the great american bash where khali retained the title .
0	semaphore is adopted by navies .
0	parents of children killed in the schools say they have yet to receive any reports .
0	hong kong when hong kong was a british colony the governor was also the commander-in-chief of hong kong .
0	main tribes of the area include the dhanyal .
0	florence is also famous for its fine art and architecture .
0	some people think there is a link between michael k and josef k. in the trial by franz kafka .
0	its most successful movie is shrek 2 .
0	tchaikovsky wrote his piano trio in a minor in rubinstein 's memory .
0	due to the height , the temperatures in winter often remain below zero , resulting in frost .
0	it covers london , england .
0	the capital is ouagadougou .
0	it was written by rouget de lisle in strasbourg on april 26 , 1792 .
0	the female often has a stripe along the back and the male may have blue spots .
0	she was elected a member of the international olympic committee in 2002 .
0	many of them fled to australia , europe , north america and southeast asia .
0	nonetheless , it remained a hurricane as it crossed the azores .
0	harry became president when franklin d. roosevelt died in office .
0	december 14 - accession of charles iv , king of spain .
0	aimone of savoy becomes count of savoy .
0	because of this , the remaining 10 spl clubs announced their intention to resign from the league .
0	olaf 's theatre troupe was coming to his house that night to practice .
0	life childhood emperado had a difficult childhood in honolulu .
0	their physical attributes do not make the animals very suited to walk on land .
0	typically , a groove is used to house the panels in frame and panel construction and the bottoms drawers .
0	this feature can also be useful , for example to debug a machine where the operating system has crashed .
0	she has 21 grammy awards , more than any other female artist in history .
0	each state in the process is given a unique version .
0	a given name is a name given to a person , while a family name is inherited .
0	the cathedral of st andrew was at one time scotland 's largest building .
0	her father ’ s name was william m. ryan .
0	the square tower is from 1337 .
0	however the end of the eighteenth and early nineteenth century many european colonies in the americas gained their independence .
0	the final round of the masters is always scheduled for the second sunday in april .
0	he was crowned at scone in november 1331 .
0	somalia became independent in 1960 with mogadishu as its capital .
0	ohio state has several student-managed publications and media outlets .
0	it is called mateine in the mate drink .
0	winner of the norwegian football league 1970 .
0	bowser jr. thinks that princess peach is his mother and kidnaps her .
0	chronic dysthymic disorder is a long-term , mild depression that lasts for at least two years .
0	it is named after burgundy wine .
0	this genre is much more aggressive compared to its relative , speed metal .
0	the capital is riga .
0	neither origin of the new name nor reasons for renaming are known , though etymologies and anecdotes abound .
0	their style is a mixture of celtic folk metal and melodic death metal .
0	amanat , resurrection and renewal , 191 .
0	the andes are a mountain range along the western coast of south america .
0	the golden ratio is an irrational number .
0	firewire is produced in wireless , optical fiber , and coaxial cable versions .
0	proteus is very dark in color .
0	he is commonly placed in the baroque school , of which he was the first great representative .
0	he was sacked by manchester city .
0	alexander pope publishes an essay on criticism .
0	the album got mostly positive reviews .
0	this was last large-scale crusade of the middle ages .
0	in europe they are measured in millimeters .
0	cricket , rugby , tennis , golf and boxing were also popular .
0	he was perhaps best known for his excavation of the unique neolithic site of skara brae in orkney .
0	its last owner was the middlebridge group , a japanese engineering firm .
0	the house in which he lived still stands in the marketplace .
0	during the show she won a role alongside heidi klum in a tv commercial for mcdonald 's .
0	the name of lufthansa 's frequent flyer program is called miles and more .
0	he started the stoic school of philosophy .
0	he is the current avatar , the spirit of the planet in human form .
0	this was followed by dare to strike , another blockbuster co-production with hong kong actors .
0	ciara 's second album , ciara : the evolution , was released in december 2006 .
0	it 's a first object described as being a second object .
0	kentikian has lived in hamburg since 1996 and has signed a contract with the hamburg boxing promoter spotlight boxing .
0	one of the borders was the one between the new united kingdom of the netherlands and prussia .
0	the family is widespread , living in continents except south america , australia and antarctica .
0	in greek mythology , the caucasus or kaukasos was one of the pillars supporting the world .
0	god can not lift the mountain .
0	he helped opera singers to learn their music , and became assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival .
0	napalm is made to burn at a specific rate and stick to materials .
0	when a stimulus is applied to something that can feel it , it causes a reflex .
0	vincent van gogh references other websites toulouse-lautrec and montmartre at the national gallery of art website dedicated to lautrec .
0	abyss got another title match at lockdown in a six sides of steel match against christian cage .
0	summer temperatures are higher than those along coastlines .
0	these tunnels are a primary reason why subway was never built in odessa .
0	eumetazoa is a clade comprising all major animal groups except sponges .
0	murray 's knowledge of trench warfare and night-raiding was very helpful to the defenders during the siege of tobruk .
0	twenty-four is a number .
0	this was scorsese 's first academy award for best director .
0	each bunch of grapes symbolises the three parishes or 'frazione ' of the municipality .
0	in 1998 , it was sixth on the american film institute 's 100 years ... 100 movies list .
0	the german libretto is by joseph sonnleithner based on a french story .
0	king harald is the first king born in norway in over 600 years .
0	venus is sometimes called the sister planet of earth as they are quite similar in size and gravity .
0	tropical storm alberto became a tropical storm further north than any other atlantic tropical cyclone .
0	it flies between the middle east , europe and africa .
0	in 1753 , the northern part of anson county became rowan county .
0	kaplan , lawrence s. , ed .
0	the movie , called serenity , was in movie theaters in the united states on september 30 , 2005 .
0	the traditional author is listed after each entry .
0	health - has information about health .
0	ice dancing is the only form of figure skating to allow vocal music in official competitions .
0	maggie has spoken in `` good night '' , the first cartoon to air on the tracey ullman show .
0	st. gallen is a city in the eastern part of switzerland .
0	winner of the highland children 's book award 2006 it is followed by the blade of fire .
0	this is known as salt panning .
0	ponte tresa is a municipality of the district lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	he was the first prime minister to have a majority in both the house of representatives and the senate .
0	it was already taken so he shortened the name to 'ebay ' .
0	the majority of the population of the peninsula live in saudi arabia and yemen .
0	the study of relationships is of concern to sociology , psychology and anthropology .
0	race and ethnicity can lead to different social treatment called racism .
0	average temperatures are 10.5°c in elz and 9.9°c in malmeneich .
0	in 1710 , anna maria became one of the many victims of the last plague in sweden .
0	a new stone building was made for the big horn academy in 1916 .
0	in 2010 they will be replaced with : colin , fiona , igor , julia .
0	she has won a gold medal in the 2007 patras rhythmic gymnastics world championships .
0	walt disney however decided to change the style to a barbershop quartet so the song would sound timeless .
0	liszt thought he was the greatest organist in the world .
0	eventually , all white dwarfs will cool down into what is called a black dwarf .
0	the next day he told elizabeth everything .
0	april 15 to may 15 .
0	the band has sold more than 70 million cds .
0	big brother is a tv game which appears on channel 4 in the uk .
0	anderlecht is a municipality located in the belgian brussels-capital region .
0	since 1997 the district has partnership with the henrico county , virginia .
0	anchovies can concentrate domoic acid which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning .
0	a credit union is a cooperative financial institution that is owned and controlled by its members .
0	they won the first berlin championship final in 1905 .
0	serbia and montenegro become completely independent of the ottoman empire .
0	prince sports , inc. is an american manufacturer of equipment for racquet sports .
0	there are eight planets in the solar system .
0	it is the capital city of basse-normandie and calvados .
0	anderson is also starring as joy division bass player peter hook in anton corbijn 's 2007 movie control .
0	the current u.s. secretary of state is hillary rodham clinton .
0	the band started in huntington beach , california in 1999 .
0	in total , he made over 250 senior appearances , scoring three goals .
0	references other websites the game makers , a book by philip orbanes , chronicles the history of parker brothers .
0	the britannica is the oldest english-language encyclopaedia now .
0	the word caid originally meant the ball which was used .
0	r.e.m . released its first single , `` radio free europe '' in 1981 .
0	nelumbo is a genus of water plants which are also known as lotus .
0	in super smash bros .
0	the capital is magdeburg .
0	encyclopedia of the harlem renaissance .
0	there are 37 species of felines in the world today .
0	siegfried arrives , disguised as gunther .
0	dijon is the capital city in the province burgundy .
0	he was given the nobel prize for literature in 1969 .
0	a year after his crowning he married one of his sisters to the viking king of york , sithric .
0	victorian era marked the height of the british industrial revolution and the wiktionary : apex of the british empire .
0	wizardry began as a simple dungeon crawl by andrew c. greenberg and robert woodhead .
0	the cathedral is a beautiful example of early medieval `` romanesque '' architecturefashioned from the local greenish sandstone .
0	so far these have been ian lawman , ian shillito , gordon smith , uri geller and kevin wade .
0	the vietnam war begins .
0	office buildings in bangkok shook for several minutes .
0	it was part of the duchy of saxe-coburg-eisenach after the division of erfurt in 1572 .
0	californian wine making took a long time to recover .
0	most of the stages are based on nintendo series .
0	he called the game `` criss-crosswords '' .
0	all railroad locomotives , cars , depots and bridges in the vicinity had been destroyed by the raid .
0	one candidate was elected : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat .
0	it was able to open its mouth very wide , to about 120 degrees .
0	sometimes it 's called ticinum papia , using both latin names .
0	rockville is a small town in the u.s. state of virginia .
0	in 1983 , strauß helped to arrange a loan of 3 billion deutschmarks for east germany .
0	a jockey is a person who rides horses in horse races .
0	dew process is distributed by universal music australia in australia and new zealand .
0	however , reverence for cows can be found in all the religion 's major texts .
0	between 1945-1960 many members of the government of east germany lived in the majakowskiring district of pankow .
0	the wicker man , a cult horror film starring christopher lee , is a prominent example of this .
0	in the summer of 1918 he learnt that his friend david pinsent had been killed in an airplane accident .
0	after the rigveda , society became more agricultural .
0	the study of metals is called metallurgy .
0	they are then converted to nerve impulses in the cochlea .
0	it is shaped like a mushroom .
0	two re-recordings of the song were done .
0	volterra is a city in the tuscany region of italy .
0	such eyes can be found in about 85 % of phyla .
0	greek dictionary , from webster 's dictionary .
0	the area of the island is 41,214 km² .
0	it is the largest active volcano in europe and the largest of the active volcanoes in italy .
0	high levels of cholesterol can lead to atherosclerosis .
0	it is like a contract .
0	the game of life is a popular board game .
0	this caused problems for train schedules .
0	in 1982 the taoiseach , fine gael 's garrett fitzgerald , lost a vote in dáil eireann .
0	it is the site of narita international airport .
0	joinville is a city of the santa catarina state , in brazil .
0	much of hull is on reclaimed land at or below sea level .
0	he was elected to his first full term in 2000 .
0	in the state of kerala , roe is deep fried in coconut oil and is a delicacy .
0	the female pelvis is wider and more shallow than the male pelvis .
0	skype provides an uncontrolled registration system for users .
0	culture festival calendimaggio is held from may 1st-5th .
0	he wrote in the letter that he could `` also paint '' .
0	later , hélio gracie and the gracie family continued this .
0	near the frog is the grip , which is made of leather or sometimes snakeskin .
0	life puccini was born into a musical family .
0	its southern border is the ubangi river .
0	vergeletto is a municipality of the district locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	he was the winner the china round of asian star search1999 , singapore 's regional talent search contest .
0	on december 25 , 1991 , gorbachev resigned as president of the ussr .
0	frédéric chopin 's berçeuse is a lullaby for piano .
0	magnetic field saturn has a natural magnetic field that is much weaker than jupiter 's .
0	this is most likely to occur on return to the tourist 's home country while clearing customs .
0	for his detractors , he came to symbolise the un 's alleged inaction in the face of humanitarian crises .
0	marzahn became part of greater berlin in 1920 , as a part of the lichtenberg district .
0	in general , allies are people or groups that are working together to achieve some common purpose .
0	most form between may and november .
0	visitor is the niece of american actress cyd charisse .
0	she is the 2004-2005 japanese national champion and 2004 world junior champion .
0	on the day after taking office , the lord mayor 's show is held .
0	lewis first became famous as part of a duo , martin & lewis , with singer dean martin .
0	the movie is based on robert drewe 's book our sunshine .
0	instead of 18 concerts a season they gave 54 , which included a tour of new england .
0	biya was born on february 13 , 1933 in the village of mvomeka ' a in cameroon .
0	people of mixed-race ancestry predominate in a few towns in the north .
0	he was regarded as one of the greatest european poets and still many people read his works .
0	this is a list of the 50 u.s. states , ordered by population density .
0	the u-bahn and s-bahn public transit networks , rebuilt after the war , spanned all occupation sectors .
0	scuderia ferrari was founded in 1929 , and raced for alfa romeo until 1939 .
0	the atlantic meets the indian ocean south of africa at cape agulhas .
0	the song was also number 1 of yahoo !
0	a wrestler who leaves the ring without going over the top rope is not eliminated from the match .
0	teach 's head was placed as a trophy on the bowsprit of the ship .
0	by the 13th century all other types of chant had been forgotten in western europe .
0	references alan gartner , mary conway kohler , frank riessman : children teach children .
0	area ii contains the munitions area .
0	norway was influenced by england , while the other scandinavian countries and poland were influenced by germany .
0	anyone can apply to become an editor or donate content .
0	the winning bid should be announced in the summer of 2021 .
0	catalogues and genealogies are given .
0	the square root of two was the first known irrational number .
0	berzelius was born in linköping in östergötland in sweden .
0	the company was founded by milton s. hershey in 1894 as the hershey chocolate company .
0	it is thought that the books have sold 2.5 million copies around the world .
0	the term wormhole was first used by john wheeler , a theoretical physicist .
0	khmer is the official language .
0	spontaneous generation the theory known as spontaneous generation held that complex , living organisms appear in decaying organic substances .
0	mohamed atta sat in business class with abdulaziz al-omari and suqami .
0	the others were yitzhak rabin and shimon peres .
0	they have been inducted in to the rock and roll hall of fame .
0	nobel peace prize grameen bank received awards such as , the bangladesh independence day award , in 1994 .
0	that place , walt disney world resort , opened in 1971 .
0	finsbury park , opened december 15 , 1906 .
0	it is 1,060 metres tall , and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter .
0	the innermost portion of the shell is pearlescent , blue-gray .
0	most ghanaians have access to primary and secondary education .
0	morumbi stadium or estádio do morumbi is the biggest stadium in são paulo , brazil .
0	in 1955 , ten years after entering the country , von braun became a us citizen .
0	the majority of the population speak pahari/pothowari/mirpuri , the second most spoken language of kashmir after kashmiri .
0	in the east there are the argo-saronic islands and in the west there are the ionian islands .
0	the spacecraft is shot at by missiles from the planet notrium , which is close by .
0	campo blenio was a municipality of the district of blenio in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	but beowulf is wounded in the final battle and dies .
0	a retail based clinic is put in placed like shops , and may be staffed by nurse practitioners .
0	she released her debut album , the dutchess , in 2006 .
0	the idea of this system was developed in 1637 in two writings by descartes .
0	in october 1629 , the plague reached milan , lombardy 's commercial center .
0	it is the 169th largest sized country in the world in amount of land .
0	farmersville , lancaster county , pennsylvania .
0	the 2006 tour de france was the 93rd tour de france .
0	throughout his career , becker won 49 singles titles and 15 doubles titles .
0	the movie serenity makes clear that all the planets and moons are in one large system .
0	her second husband was thomas j. preston , jr. , a professor of archeology .
0	he was consecrated as a bishop in 1607 .
0	medieval buildings in batignano , istia d'ombrone and montepescali .
0	the university initially turned down the money , evidently unimpressed by pulitzer 's unscrupulous character .
0	the rhine-main-danube canal begins near bamberg .
0	the famous fish mouth was cracked .
0	they were buried at st. petersburg , russia on july 17 , 1998 .
0	dr. schön ’ s son alwa arrives , excuses himself , and he and dr. schön leave .
0	meanwhile , le verrier had convinced johann gottfried galle to search for the planet .
0	subtractive color works best when the surface or paper , is white , or close to it .
0	in kalhasti , there is a famous and ancient temple of shiva , a god of hindus .
0	he is the first and only basketball player to score 100 points in an nba game .
0	his most famous work is his essay the protestant ethic and the spirit of capitalism .
0	frasnes-lez-anvaing is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	a small part carried on as the international socialist commission .
0	the light curve suggests caliban 's rotation period is 2.7 hours .
0	after the 1966 season , switzer became an assistant coach at the university of oklahoma .
0	fort walton beach is a city in okaloosa county , florida , united states .
0	they are common in asia , south america , australia , and africa .
0	kerobokan prison is a prison in the town of kerobokan in bali , indonesia .
0	nazareth is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
0	this game is played by teams of 5 players on a trapezium shaped field , mostly on marketplaces .
0	experimental techniques and other developments in the past many new desalination techniques have tried .
0	coins the different types of coins used were 1 , 5 , 20 , and 50 francs .
0	he spent two years consolidating his holdings and finishing the conquest of iberia south of the river ebro .
0	four variations of rolling stock operate on the mtr on 1.5kv dc overhead electrification .
0	it is among the most important salts of barium .
0	octavian became the first roman emperor and took the name caesar augustus .
0	honeydew is a liquid sugar that aphids and some scale insects make when they eat plant sap .
0	these foods include breads , pastas , potatoes , bran and cereals .
0	they are in cincinnati , ohio .
0	in broken hill in far-western new south wales they use central standard time .
0	there was an early period and a later period .
0	after the reichstag fire , hindenburg signed into law the reichstag fire decree .
0	iztaccíhuatl 's father told her that her lover had died in battle .
0	it has a population of 97,000 .
0	the major drawback to using ceramics is a significantly higher cost .
0	in 2006 pohjola was invited as a lecturer to berklee college of music as a major visiting artist .
0	ravenna once was the seat of the western roman empire and later the ostrogothic kingdom .
0	these would be the first rings seen around a moon .
0	lactic acid bacteria changes the milk sugar into lactic acid .
0	history coca cola was first made in atlanta , usa , on may 8 , 1886 .
0	scotland 's biggest community land buyout to date .
0	purpose dcpip is often used to measure the electron transport chain in plants .
0	george clooney made confessions into a movie , starring sam rockwell , drew barrymore and julia roberts .
0	plante was traded to the toronto maple leafs in 1970 , and then to the boston bruins in 1973 .
0	philip of anjou becomes titular emperor of costantinoples and prince of taranto .
0	the famous violin virtuoso niccolò paganini ’ s favorite instrument was a guarneri del gesù violin of 1743 .
0	knights and ladies of the thistle may also have their knighthoods taken away .
0	a connecticut yankee in king arthur 's court is a book written by mark twain , published in 1889 .
0	career stefanie does most of her recording and performing in taiwan , where most of her fans are .
0	it is located in the south west of the district and borders haripur district .
0	pedophilia : assessment and treatment .
0	he died at the age of 61 after having painted many paintings .
0	the term was made by baptist pastor john piper in his 1986 book desiring god .
0	messiaen retired from teaching at the conservatoire in 1978 .
0	other than episode guides , tv.com also has news , reviews , photos , trailers and tv listings .
0	the theses spread quickly and were printed in nuremberg , leipzig , and basel .
0	it was created in 1954 in miami , florida , united states by james mclamore and david edgerton .
0	she coached many young women in the art of acting , including liane de pougy .
0	struve gave support of that name on december 29 , 1846 , to the saint petersburg academy of sciences .
0	public domain allows totally unrestricted usage for any purpose .
0	this was used in many parts of ancient africa .
0	a bactrian camel has two humps on its back .
0	on september 29 , 2000 , microsoft released windows 2000 datacenter .
0	däniken is a municipality in the district olten in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
0	after growth , cell division allows for continual renewal and repair of the organism .
0	artemis was born first , and then helped leto to give birth to apollo .
0	life early years evelyn rothwell ’ s father was a tea dealer in the city of london .
0	montserrat got its name from christopher columbus in 1493 .
0	events january 20 – the pittsburgh steelers defeat the los angeles rams to win their 4th super bowl championship .
0	batha is one of fourteen prefectures of chad .
0	selling out is seen as getting success at the cost of credibility .
0	it is licensed under the gnu general public license .
0	he won his only super bowl when the pittsburgh steelers beat the seattle seahawks .
0	the golani brigade has earned a reputation for its tough soldiers .
0	scientists made this group based on dna analyses .
0	the world 's most famous geyser , the old faithful geyser , is in yellowstone national park .
0	there were no membership numbers or cards when hitler joined the party .
0	he has been generally known as the greek patriarch of constantinople .
0	in optics , transparency is the property of allowing light to pass through something .
0	he resigned on november 4 1981 .
0	in 207 bc he retired into bruttium .
0	of these abiotic pollinations , 98 % is done by wind and just 2 % by water .
0	the first season of the indian premier league commenced on 18 april 2008 .
0	dunstaple was one of the first to compose masses using one melody as cantus firmus .
0	the color magenta is used to symbolize anti-racism by the amsterdam-based anti-racism magenta foundation .
0	even in gucci ’ s younger years , the family was well-known for its arguments .
0	females give birth after a gestation period of 9 to 10 months , usually to a single calf .
0	her body was buried in the taj mahal in agra .
0	he won a gold medal for the united states at the 1992 summer olympics .
0	king bagrat v of georgia .
0	after the death of matilda of tuscany , the city began an independent commune .
0	the london underground had an electric locomotive built by vickers named after her .
0	electronic sports is played over the internet or via lan .
0	the image can then be reflected to focus at a central point .
0	computability theory is part of computer science .
0	novorossiya knyaz potemkin initially as a shipyard called simply a new shipyard on the ingul river .
0	many of the elephants were very large , weighing more than nine tons .
0	in the roman catholic church , the term is only used for letters sent by popes .
0	history in january 2005 , jack herrick and elliot green started wikihow .
0	gandalf saves them and the group flees .
0	in 1535 foxe was admitted to magdalen college school .
0	this music is used to praise , worship and thank god , christ or the holy spirit .
0	the football team from ua has won the national football championship 12 times in the past 83 years .
0	the school has an all weather sports pitch which which the wycombe wanderers first team sometimes train on .
0	it inspired the studio ghibli animated film tales from earthsea .
0	it is an important port .
0	herbert hoover ’ s re-election for the presidency of the united states .
0	a candidate would have to get 2,110 delegates to win the nomination .
0	khmer is the official language .
0	the object is to score by kicking/striking the ball with your hand and getting it through the goals .
0	william pulteney created as 1st earl of bath .
0	ghirone was a municipality of the district blenio in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
0	it is named after the english privateer sir francis drake .
0	at the end of the video , avril crashes her guitar into the car windshield .
0	act 4 count has sent the pin back to susanna , giving it to barbarina .
0	old places were marketed as tourist attractions .
0	the attendance for the event was 19,121 fans .
0	he was the republican leader of the senate from 1985 until 1996 .
0	the french , the dutch and the portuguese all fought to have the paraíba region to grow sugarcane in .
0	rebecca shiner was also facing the public vote .
0	the `` gucci accessories collection '' was popular , but it brought the gucci strength down .
0	it made over $ 38 million in the united states .
0	the song starfighter pilot was also put on the band 's first full-length album , songs for polarbears .
0	the co-operative party is a small socialist political party , in the united kingdom .
0	it is located in the west of the country , in the district of hhohho .
0	on november 11 , 1869 , margherita gave birth to victor emmanuel , prince of naples .
0	the closest underground station to the tower of london is tower hill .
0	these other forms of law-making include referenda and constitutional conventions .
0	in commedia dell 'arte the right side of the stage symbolized heaven and the left side symbolized hell .
0	soon after the war he changed his name to franz josef strauß .
0	these cells have a nucleus and mitochondria .
0	its atmosphere contains hydrogen , helium and methane .
0	he was born in chicago and he graduated from amherst college in amherst .
0	history windows update first became part of windows with the launch of windows 98 .
0	the role , created in 2000 , was the first directly-elected mayor in the united kingdom .
0	the language of the roman empire was latin .
0	merchants who cheated their customers were likely to be killed .
0	at a show colsefini announced that he was leaving the band .
0	it is divisible by 2 , 3 , 6 , and 9 .
0	the prussian government made the district of delitzsch .
0	towards the end of the 4th century , a fort was built at the western settlement .
0	the timing when this happens is controlled by the write policy .
0	tagore ’ s novels remain among the least-appreciated of his works .
0	a real train rode over the bridge as it blew up .
0	agriculture , tourism and mining are the main economic activities in this vast and sparsely settled area .
0	the friends have to pay for the meal , but they have not got enough money .
0	the parody mass was very popular during the renaissance : palestrina wrote about 50 parody masses .
0	the boyars and their families were forced to work for months rebuilding the old castle .
0	a supply of men 's clothing was part of the inventory .
0	other pages mongol empire abbasid empire baghdad islamic golden age references sources amitai-preiss , reuven .
0	tanks and heavy artillery were forbidden and the air force was dissolved .
0	he has two children , lorin , 7 , and rosa , 5 .
0	the noble army of martyrs praise thee .
0	it was found first time in 1952 by albert ghiorso at the university of california , berkeley .
0	the film was released for download on the official orange project website on may 18 , 2006 .
0	referendums and plebiscites the basic law only allows referendums on a single issue : changing borders of the länder .
0	causes of acne exactly why some people get acne and some do not is not completely known .
0	vietnam veterans memorial dedicated .
0	that summer finntroll played their first open air festivals in finland .
0	in 1954 karajan left to conduct the berlin philharmonic orchestra .
0	it was followed by children of the mind .
0	there is no need to have planning permission to fly the flag from a vertical flagpole .
0	electra is happy about going to argos with idamante .
0	mario was also seen in the some game & watch games .
0	the best known is the pearson product-moment correlation coefficient .
0	in order to be undefeated on streets , kajukenbo students had reasonable , but unkind and severe training .
0	this article looks at how rubber crumb affects the environment .
0	this list contains famous or well documented outbreaks of plagues or disease .
0	verdi fell in love with her .
0	flood other websites nieuw land poldermuseum—a flevoland museum on the zuiderzee works and dutch water management in general .
0	king james i of england successfully mediates the peace of knäred treaty between denmark and sweden .
0	she tells jin to go to his grandfather , heihachi mishima , if anything should befall her .
0	july 3 - quebec city founded by samuel de champlain .
0	bsc left that site when it joined the bundesliga in 1963 .
0	the campus has many modern facilities for teaching and research .
0	he is one of the most important composers of the mid-baroque period .
0	hendrix is thought to be one of the most influential musicians in the history of rock and roll music .
0	saint george is the patron saint of the boy scouts of america .
0	it has the atomic number 32 .
0	in the united states alone there are over 10,000 laws and regulations related to electronic messaging and records retention .
0	people say that 125 million microplates were used in 2000 alone .
0	a fund was launched to help raise the costs of its repair .
0	a chordee is where the urethra develops between the penis and the scrotum .
0	hillary learned at tuakau primary school and then auckland grammar school .
0	the cathedral is a unseco world heritage site since 1996 .
0	christina rau is a granddaughter of gustav heinemann , former president of germany .
0	in 1998 he was ranked one of the ten best tennis players in the world .
0	buxtehude is known as `` the fairytale capital '' of the world .
0	he wrote articles in roman catholic newspapers and was involved in street fighting for the rights of the church .
0	it was created by sunrise and directed by shinichiro watanabe .
0	whedon asked nathan fillion to play the lead role of malcolm reynolds .
0	story the king of iron fist tournament 2 closes to a draw .
0	he was born in the state of pennsylvania in the united states in 1927 .
0	nepalinux a debian and morphix based distribution in nepali language .
0	hera turns the gods into animal after .
0	it is also a food in chile , called an `` erizo '' .
0	in a direct quotation , use the original text , even if it does not follow the above guidelines .
0	with john w. young they joined up in space with two different spacecraft .
0	it is located in the northern part of the country , in the pannonian plain .
0	wikipedia is an example of a website .
0	at the start of 2004-05 they moved into their new purpose built stadium which meets spl criteria .
0	vickie guerrero on the october 5 , 2007 edition of wwe friday night smackdown !
0	navassa has no ports and only off-shore anchorage .
0	he is the only african-american currently on the court .
0	anne of green gables is a book by canadian author lucy maud montgomery .
0	the college of engineering , with six schools ranking fourth in the world in engineering publications .
0	it is one of several wii games to use the wii balance board .
0	it might also be molluscs , other crustaceans , worms , fungi and bacteria .
0	statement of professor david ownby , unofficial religions in china : beyond the party 's rules , 2005 .
0	skin is the outside covering of animals .
0	according to microsoft , windows server 2003 is more scalable and delivers better performance than windows 2000 .
0	the hindu-arabic numeral system is a numeral system .
0	pink floyd was an english rock band .
0	its name comes from the words minimal and unix .
0	the oldest known picture of a guitar-like instrument is a 3300 year old stone carving of a hittite bard .
0	melbourne in australia is named after william lamb .
0	his writings greatly influenced bengali culture during the late 19th century and early 20th century .
0	the chess player efim geller was born in the city .
0	the school was founded on october 2 , 1902 .
0	the first sdo was found in 1995 by spacewatch .
0	the peche river system is fed from glaciers and snow .
0	rebellion broke out when mangal pandey , a soldier attacked a british sergeant and wounded an adjutant .
0	an oil painting is not completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old .
0	the first generation yaris was known as the toyota echo in some markets .
0	in 1953 he became a member of the bundestag first time .
0	governor george c. wallace of alabama is shot by arthur h. bremer at a laurel , maryland political rally .
0	after she escapes , satine and christian plan to run away .
0	he tells sarah that he can not kill himself , and she must lower him into the steel .
0	rats live for two to five years .
0	sturgess was born in london .
0	the school of the air provides education to students in remote areas .
0	both increased warfare and internal unrest can also be effects of a general period of drought and famine .
0	many articles on wikipedia start as a `` stub '' .
0	gregorian chant was a big influence on polyphonic music in the middle ages and renaissance .
0	leila rozario as hydrocell driver richard roundtree as ben burns , a race commentator and former racer .
0	arriaga died in paris at the age of nineteen , probably of a lung disease and exhaustion .
0	in 1879 , he built a school in guangzhou , teaching mathematics and science .
0	it is what the gods drink , and what made them gods .
0	dippoldiswalde is a town in the free state of saxony , germany .
0	in neighboring haiti , two deaths were reported in the northern portion of the country .
0	december 13 - the united states withdraw from the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty .
0	some adaptations might include high concentrations of protective enzymes .
0	article content policies such as wp : or generally do not .
0	edvard grieg died in the autumn of 1907 , aged 64 , after a long illness .
0	french became popular in bern and elsewhere in the 18th century .
0	she was first elected in the 1997 general election .
0	tagore also wrote many non-fiction books .
0	the skull of stegosaurus was long and narrow .
0	expansion there are two expansion packs for oblivion : the elder scrolls iv : shivering isles .
0	the games opened on january 30 , 1948 .
0	the gamecube sold 21.74 million units worldwide .
0	even if it is , it may not apply to your case .
0	sometimes chairs have armrests .
0	it found that the median price increase achieved by cartels in the last 200 years is 25 % .
0	the manchu have largely been assimilated with the han chinese .
0	newton mearns is a small town near glasgow in scotland .
0	jakob bartsch records the constellation camelopardalis .
0	however , before the galileo spacecraft arrived at jupiter , little was known about it .
0	in the 1830s he was regarded as the worst bushranger in the colony .
0	the show exceeded expectations by having a higher viewership rating than several drama shows at the time .
0	the cantons graubünden and schwyz are their own legal entities .
0	vesuvius was named a national park in 1995 .
0	his short movie called harvey krumpet won the 2003 academy award for best animated short film .
0	the average amount of reading per week is about seven hours .
0	he received two kidney transplants , one in 1973 and one in 1984 .
0	each building is 115m tall and leans 15º .
0	rashawn ross also performed with the band from 2006-2007 .
0	other pages officer of arms references gwynn-jones , p. ll .
0	in england , challis suggested the name oceanus .
0	elections are held in every fourth year .
0	the coat of arms , which was granted in 1983 , combines the shields of the two oldduchies .
0	he also won the giro d'italia two times , in 1992 and 1993 .
0	the total area of the canton of glarus is 685 km² .
0	the bat is sacred in tonga and west africa and is often considered to be a person 's soul .
0	treptower tollensewinkel is an amt in the district of demmin , in mecklenburg-vorpommern , germany .
0	in october , the gazette started their first european tour stopping england , finland , france , and germany .
0	it is also the capital of the african union .
0	the first german railway connection was between nürnberg and fürth .
0	the consul varro was a man of reckless and hubris nature .
0	raffles institution was along bras basah road at first , where raffles city is now .
0	while no firm evidence of north korean involvement has been found , they are widely though to be responsible .
0	the city is in hamilton county ohio .
0	she was the first president ’ s wife to die in the white house .
0	anya dies at the end of the series .
0	robert s.p . beekes , comparative indo-european linguistics .
0	sunderland has won awards from the britain in bloom group in 1993 , 1997 and 2000 .
0	most of his research was done in italy where he went to the venerable english college in rome .
0	he was not a member of the austrian national socialist party at first , .
0	sodium is so soft that it can be easily cut with a knife .
0	benoit gained control over michaels when he did the crossface hold .
0	romanians make up 89.5 % of the population .
0	as a result , the v olympic winter games took place in saint moritz , switzerland in 1948 .
0	they later appeared live and became a popular act in their area .
0	boechout is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
0	she is known for her brash manner and loud , gruff voice with a heavy metropolitan new york accent .
0	in 2001 , adams died of a heart attack while he was working out at the gym .
0	it is the county seat of washoe county , nevada .
0	this was first mentioned by ernst kummer in 1843 , in his work on fermat 's last theorem .
0	a lot of gold was found .
0	many muslim women wear a headscarf known as a hijab .
0	it is the point where 3 different areas meet : central europe , eastern europe , and the balkans .
0	cell theory says that the cell is the basic unit of life .
0	future revisions of this license the free software foundation can change the gfdl .
0	he was the president of galicia from 1990 to 2005 .
0	he is the main character in a series of books written by bernard cornwell .
0	somatic pain is from muscles , bones , and joints .
0	most of her songs are sung in mandarin , with several in english .
0	it also freezes to a glassy state when cooled enough .
0	the mechanical arrangement may be a propeller with nozzle , or a centrifugal pump and nozzle .
0	ichthyophis is oviparous and is also known to show maternal care .
0	one bomb fell on the camp and killed some prisoners .
0	the dead bodies of vertebrate animals and insects are sometimes called carcasses .
0	towns and municipalities free towns free municipalities braunsbedra querfurt kabelsketal schkopau verwaltungsgemeinschaften 1 .
0	people sometimes brought their horses into family tent for shelter and protection .
0	the cathedral was opened in 1903 .
0	the first such event , then known as the british empire games , was held in 1930 .
0	arachne wove scenes about zeus being unfaithful , with different women : leda , europa , and danae .
0	the source is in the rhön mountains .
0	it may be removed during circumcision .
0	ned kelly the town is known as the birthplace of bushranger ned kelly .
0	he also got her consent for a secret engagement .
0	how roller derby is played two teams of roller derby players skate around an oval track .
0	their crafts have existed since the start of civilization .
0	it is commonly known as `` rock of polynesia '' .
0	it has been hinted in some stories that lnhq is alive .
0	tunnels are dug in different kinds of grounds , from soft sand to hard rock .
0	her head is covered with what might be coils of braids , eyes , or a kind of headdress .
0	brossard is also near the saint lawrence river .
0	video projectors are widely used for conference room presentations , classroom training , and home theatre applications .
0	while helping , another driver lost control and hit jeckle and another man .
0	weights — big , heavy jewelry objects can be used to stretch piercings .
0	the light bulb was invented .
0	it is an important semiconductor material used in transistors .
0	most of the routes served are within europe .
0	pittsburgh has been ranked third in the country for most polluted cities by the american lung association .
0	it is the state bird of connecticut , michigan , and wisconsin .
0	muhammad yunus was the first bangladeshi and third bengali to ever get a nobel prize .
0	noblemen were behaded with a sword , commoners with an axe .
0	the dinar is a currency used in the muslim world but originating with the romans .
0	bottle caps are used to seal the opening of bottles .
0	it 's one of the best-selling ds games .
0	macfarlane also has a character on family guy named after hartman named dr. hartman .
0	martin frobisher held the first celebration of thanksgiving by europeans in north american at newfoundland by the frobisher expedition .
0	shia labeouf as mutt williams , a motorcycle-riding `` greaser '' and indiana 's sidekick .
0	the duke of saxe-hildburghausen became duke of saxe-altenburg , and gave saxe-hildburghausen to saxe-meiningen .
0	she played supporting roles in nine lives , raising helen , and the hillzu .
0	the spermatic cord is tightened by the cremasteric muscle .
0	the 14th century baptistry , in gothic style is also located in the square .
0	cartilaginous fish also include skates and rays .
0	in 1998 , the us national institutes of health brought us definitions into line with who guidelines .
0	taylor was the man who started the china inland mission .
0	ferdinand magellan leaves europe to go around the world .
0	physics uses the scientific method physics uses the scientific method .
0	not all bundesländer have this sub-division ; some are directly divided into districts .
0	beecham made many recordings with the orchestra .
0	there is still a home for old people there today .
0	for hawaii , the largest cdps are listed .
0	the eye is an area of calm weather located in the center of strong tropical cyclones .
0	alcmene by the way has been turned back intoa normal person .
0	the members of the band are micro , kuro and founding member , dj u-ichi .
0	she began her career in the 1930s .
0	shellfish is a culinary term for aquatic invertebrates used as food : molluscs , crustaceans , and echinoderms .
0	dick spent most of his career as a writer .
0	another is the multiset of solutions of an algebraic equation .
0	xena wants herc to go since theres trouble and he needs to help .
0	in 1955 she won an academy award for the country girl .
0	the adults eat plants and feed on algae .
0	molotov cocktails were eventually mass-produced by the finnish military , bundled with matches to light them .
0	the blake river megacaldera complex is a giant caldera cluster that spans across the ontario-quebec border in canada .
0	some of those language families have no known members outside the caucasus area .
0	it is the most powerful sports television company in the united kingdom .
0	amis served in the royal corps of signals in the second world war .
0	references other websites the papyrus egerton 2 homepage detailed description of the manuscript , with many images .
0	a quill pen is the feather of a bird , usually a goose .
0	the mall of america in bloomington , minnesota is one of the largest malls in the world .
0	it comes from southwestern and central asia .
0	schools thousands of school children died because of badly built schools .
0	some of his experiences would later appear in his poetry .
0	caffeine in the cocoa that is in hot chocolate may also make bad health effects .
0	lollipops are available in a variety of flavours , particularly fruit flavours .
0	his father , alexander georg von humboldt , was a rewarded major in the prussian army .
0	this was also discussed at the council of chalcedon , about 50 years later .
0	bolivia is a country in south america .
0	several agencies issue dvorak numbers for cyclones of sufficient intensity .
0	elvis presley is talked about in the second verse .
0	it is home to the united states naval academy , where the united states naval officers get their training .
0	it is not helpful to mark all possible words as hyperlinks .
0	nearly 50 % of the nation 's economy is linked with organized crime .
0	administration rohri taluka is administratively subdivided into 11 union councils .
0	fenton crackshell is an accountant who is also the superhero gizmoduck .
0	book , lyrics , and music by hugh martin and timothy gray .
0	in some countries , it starts after summer , and goes to the next summer .
0	climate liancourt rocks can have harsh weather conditions .
0	the story of the resurrection is briefly told by the narrator and a chorus of angels .
0	the 1997 formula one season was the 48th edition of the championship .
0	minor threat broke up in 1983 .
0	fortuna - the goddess of luck .
0	the last census was held on august 8 2006 .
0	the town has a population of 3,000 .
0	only in 1980 he lost by a point and in 1984 by half a point .
0	ayodhya is one of the seven most holy cities of hindus .
0	a heat treatment at a lower temperature or for a shorter time is sometimes performed .
0	on 2 september 1971 , the united arab republic changed its name to the arab republic of egypt .
0	adult mouth parts , called a proboscis , are adapted for sucking nectar .
0	the largest lake of the hispaniola , and of the caribbean , is the lake enriquillo .
0	some of the soldiers committed seppuku or simply blew themselves up with grenades .
0	in 1849 , that home opened .
0	meaning of name the name konkani means `` from the konkan '' .
0	caid was especially popular in rural areas .
0	because whales do not have vocal chords , they make songs by forcing air through their nasal passages .
0	he was born herbert ernst karl frahm on december 18th , 1913 in lübeck germany .
0	he is also the uncle of frank lampard who played under him at west ham united .
0	in 785-786 pope hadrian i sent some roman chants to the court of charlemagne .
0	events mongol leader ghazan khan is converted to islam , ending a line of tantric buddhist leaders .
0	artemis was born first , and apollo second .
0	kelly , dressed in home-made metal armour and helmet , was captured and sent to trial .
0	the total population of spanish-speakers reaches more than 395 million people .
0	history the historic town of 5,000 people is part of the brig-glis municipality .
0	he has taught for duke university 's program in genetics and genomics .
0	the word potassium comes from the word `` potash '' .
0	his main pupilswere mateo cerezo , cabezalero , donoso , ledesma y sotomayor .
0	basketball and football are popular in siena .
0	this was common in the middle ages .
0	a sapling of this tree was planted in the buddha jayanti park in new delhi , india in 1993 .
0	major programs of excavation and restoration were carried out in 1960-65 and 1980-82 .
0	orders to kill captured jewish soldiers and civilians were ignored .
0	pavarotti 's rise to stardom was not without occasional difficulties , however .
0	obdurodon is a extinct monotreme genus .
0	he plays guitar in heavy metal band the cumshots .
0	it adjoins the counties of cheshire , derbyshire , leicestershire , warwickshire , west midlands , worcestershire and shropshire .
0	it is equal to 660 feet or 201.168 metres .
0	it is the largest version of wikipedia , with more than 2.7 million articles as of february 2009 .
0	the one , two , ten and 20-dollars notes matched the old pound banknotes .
0	he is a member of another taiwanese boyband , 183 club .
0	its teeth were sharp for cutting , not pointed for gripping like water living crocodiles .
0	in 1977 there was a cover story in time magazine about him .
0	mandriva linux free free mcnlive a mandriva-based distribution designed to run from cd or usb flash drive .
0	the kelly gang 's attempt to derail the police train failed .
0	he is serving a prison sentence for the murder of mayhem guitarist øystein aarseth and arson of churches .
0	there are 11 municipalities and 11 municipal districts in the province .
0	the pig has become a symbol of pink floyd .
0	hillery 's most famous policy was to force eec member states to give equal pay to women .
0	western sahara is on the united nations list of non-self-governing territories .
0	the m6 is part of the unsigned e-road e24 from the m1 to the m6 toll near birmingham .
0	his first published story , in 1865 , was the celebrated jumping frog of calaveras county .
0	she also developed interest for rocks , mineral , and mining .
0	heidi , a book for children by johanna spyri , is one of the most famous swiss books .
0	pegasus airlines flies 100 destinations in 17 countries .
0	the players have to wear all white .
0	however , with the surrender of japan in 1945 , ina 's operations stopped .
0	the highest point lies in the forest and is 292m high .
0	the tension of a quantum string is closely related to its size .
0	they are sensory organs .
0	in the northwest , it connects with the red sea through the bab el mandeb strait .
0	in the year of 1945 japan lost world war ii .
0	the district was made in 1994 by joining the old districts of demmin , altentreptow and malchin .
0	in the top-left it shows the starkenburg castle , which is one of the main castles in the district .
0	he lost his wife and son in an explosion and 70 % of his body .
0	she is the 2005 world junior champion .
0	the word disciple is used today as a way of self-identification for those who seek to learn from christianity .
0	it is very old and has not changed much over time .
0	to date , she has released two albums , one ep and a single .
0	the military , financial and territorial recovery of the byzantine empire known as komnenian restoration began in his time .
0	miskolc is the third largest city of hungary and the capital of borsod-abaúj-zemplén county .
0	the battle of verdun was a battle of the first world war .
0	by topic arts and sciences biography of augustus by nicholas of damascus published .
0	after the war he was tried at the nuremberg trials , and sentenced to life imprisonment .
0	he has a girlfriend , wendy testaburger .
0	the cyclone itself had no effect on land , and did not cause any damage .
0	cleveland is home to the world-famous cleveland orchestra .
0	at the time of plushenko 's rise , mishin was also coaching alexei yagudin .
0	later that year , the 16 year old britney was signed by jive records .
0	it performs most of its concerts at the avery fisher hall in new york .
0	sports athletes wear a combination of different items of clothing such as sport shoes , pants and shirts .
0	maria theresa was married to duke francis stephan i of lorraine for love .
0	this game is a sequel to super smash bros. for the nintendo 64 .
0	calypso was the daughter of atlas .
0	mario was evicted from the house on day 37 after receiving 77 % of the public vote .
0	glinka also wrote piano music , songs and chamber music .
0	quality of articles articles range greatly in quality , from very good articles to candidates for quick deletion .
0	history the bay was originally named guantánamo by the taíno .
0	symbolism shield the shield consists of many parts .
0	in 1803 the canton of thurgau became a member of the swiss confederation .
0	hallucinations , sleep paralysis , and automatic behaviour can also occur in people who are not narcoleptics .
0	its name means `` 1.8 foot '' , its size .
0	sivasspor is a turkish football club .
0	personal life he married victoria kamhi , a turkish-born pianist , in 1933 .
0	she was raised in japan , but she moved to hawaii when she was fifteen .
0	the lake is used for fishing and recreation .
0	the name `` pocket gopher '' on its own is used for a number of subspecies of the family .
0	everyone 's upset because herc did nothing to help alcmene .
0	brecht died in 1956 at the age of 58 years in berlin .
0	he resigned and formed a new party named all india forward bloc .
0	it was released in north america in november 2006 .
0	the rajputs in the 6th century several rajput kingdoms came into being in rajasthan .
0	red symbolises universal brotherhood and equality of man ; white stands for pervading and everlasting purity and virtue .
0	setting up s & p cnx nifty .
0	the next month , a group of 135 chinese engineers arrived in darfur to work on this field .
0	he hoped that he might make up for his past by doing good deeds .
0	in 2004 , kellogg 's introduced a 1/3 less sugar recipe .
0	the band split up in 1984 .
0	this has been stated in the universal declaration of human rights .
0	the monastery is on a hill within a gorge , near where the dzoraget and gargar rivers join .
0	they probably prefer a muddy or clay substrate and lead solitary lives .
0	telford united football club is an english football club .
0	erode is well known for marketing of textile products of handloom , powerloom and readymade garments .
0	robson died of lung cancer on 31 july , 2009 .
0	is rojas taught him piano improvisation and jazz ear-training for five years .
0	he became prime minister in 2006 .
0	the town is famous for its double-decker road/railway bridge .
0	estonian is one of the national languages of europe that is not an indo-european language .
0	edmontonia was a very protected dinosaur , of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period .
0	skardu town is the capital of skardu district .
0	different raid levels have different purposes .
0	it is a four-year christian college .
0	ignatius was most likely a disciple of the apostle john .
0	the tenant of wildfell hall was published in 1848 and sold well .
0	dill oil can be extracted from the leaves , stems and seeds of the plant .
0	after quiros 's ship went back to mexico , torres kept going to manila via the moluccas .
0	they wrote the famous book the communist manifesto together .
0	logical volume management is a method of allocating computer storage .
0	much of its population live on its west parts , near the arachthos valey .
0	it is commonly used on astronomical telescopes to remove the effects of atmospheric distortion , or astronomical seeing .
0	cyber high school is the term used to describe going to high school online or on the internet .
0	pedro subsequently loses the battle of montiel to an alliance between the french and his half-brother henry ii .
0	but secrecy about the prison and its prisoners gave it an evil reputation .
0	the thyroid is one of the largest endocrine glands in the body .
0	jukka nevalainen joined to play the drums and they switched the acoustic guitar for the electric guitar .
0	from time to time , individuals joined the order by special permission .
0	burlington is a city in des moines county , iowa , united states .
0	the pandyas sent at least two ambassadors to the roman emperor augustus .
0	today odessa is a city of around 1.1 million people .
0	so he returned with pears to england .
0	the attendance for the event was 19,121 fans .
0	he is the only person to win two nobel prizes in physics .
0	the first australian government was in melbourne from 1901 until 1927 when it moved to canberra .
0	finished goods of a supplier can be the raw material of the buyer .
0	it is located on the mbabane river and the polinjane river in the mdimba mountains .
0	education there are eighteen universities in santo domingo .
0	only the royal rumble , wrestlemania , summerslam and survivor series events used people from different brands .
0	one example of an enzyme is amylase .
0	some evangelicals also reject the tag : fundamentalist , because they think that it is too extreme .
0	clovis ii succeeded by clotaire iii .
0	princeton appears to be the fourth institution to conduct classes .
0	in greek mythology there were three fates .
0	today its price is $ 11 million .
0	once war came , the long hours stopped any thought of writing a lot .
0	it is the center of political and economic activity and the major transportation center of costa rica .
0	the company struggled for survival and made some land rover-like cars till 1956 .
0	revolt of 1173-1174 against henry ii of england ends when the rebels are beaten .
0	the warmer climate changed the arctic environment to one of pine , birch , and alder forest .
0	in 1881 , while looking around karridale , he discovered moondyne cave .
0	there are four bigger communes in ardèche , called annonay , aubenas , guilherand-granges , and tournon-sur-rhône .
0	figaro tells bartolo and basilio to come to help him when he gives the signal .
0	he was the son of ecgþeow , a banished warrior of the wægmundings .
0	he sailed into the st. lawrence river in 1535 and established a colony near present-day quebec city .
0	professor ertl was awarded the nobel prize for chemistry in 2007 for more studies of surface science .
0	whosoever enters the hellfire , will live therein forever .
0	it joins the mississippi just south of the cities of saint paul and minneapolis .
0	average gradient of 4.4 % .
0	axel heiberg island is the 31st biggest island in the world and canada 's 7th biggest island .
0	traditional wood joinery techniques use the distinctive material properties of wood , often without mechanical fasteners .
0	go ireland gaelic football and hurling are the main and most popular activities promoted by the organisation .
0	in 1986 , rick allen plays his first gig out with the band since his accident .
0	the series was created in 1991 by dan gookin .
0	each well of a microplate can only hold very small amounts of liquid .
0	her parents were hortense neahr and william stephenson bloomer .
0	a remix of the song features rapper consequence .
0	in her twenties , she was appointed professor of law in the college .
0	grigoryan was born on november 24 , 1960 in moscow by armenian parents .
0	in the eighteenth century , these were replaced by workhouses .
0	he went to school in westminster school and studied at christ church , oxford .
0	many of the pieces from this work became very popular .
0	she met her husband at a music concert .
0	if he does n't like how a relationship is going , he tries to `` fizzle '' things out .
0	this can be ; criticizing leaders of state , p2p sharing of copyrighted files , to moving child pornography .
0	webmin is a web-based system configuration tool for opensolaris , linux and other unix-like systems .
0	dio cassius said that over 9,000 wild animals were killed during the opening games .
0	a trading post is a place where trade takes place .
0	when lorenzo began to rapidly strengthen , the warning was raised to a hurricane warning .
0	the band also signed their first major label in early 2003 and started working on fallen .
0	in his return promo , big show threatened to give rey mysterio a chokeslam .
0	recently , the island has become famous for its wine .
0	originally it commemorates the day in which the african slaves had a free day .
0	today the popol vuh continues to be an important part in the belief system of many quiché .
0	the islands are in three groups : luzon , visayas , and mindanao .
0	men are born and remain free and equal in rights .
0	education bangui is home to the university of bangui .
0	its job , under international law is to protect the life and dignity of the victims of war .
0	a memorial in my lai lists the names of 504 victims .
0	grand turk is the capital of the turks and caicos islands .
0	the name comes from a governor of new south wales , sir thomas brisbane .
0	the inside of the shell is shiny , from silvery white to green-red mother-of-pearl .
0	the most common is to add a suffix to the end of the location 's name .
0	its last attack occurred in 1985 .
0	prometheus was chained there by zeus .
0	wasseramt in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
0	the christmas tree suddenly begins to grow to enormous size , filling the room .
0	the english name snowdon comes from saxon `` snow dun '' , meaning `` snow hill '' .
0	it is home to brigham young university .
0	it is false , when both inputs are false .
0	pakistan has the sixth largest population in the world and is the second largest muslim country after indonesia .
0	the canal was over 30 miles long .
0	the game was made by nintendo , and was released in 1984 in japan .
0	the current mayor of krakow is jacek majchrowski .
0	war years and after during world war ii the bbc symphony orchestra was evacuated to bristol .
0	he then threw it to the ground .
0	the city was captured by the french in 1895 .
0	the b-17 was also used in the pacific , at the battle of midway .
0	he was born close to comendador and died in 1845 in a battle close to bánica .
0	it is the force that pulls protons and neutrons into atoms .
0	they divorced in 1981 .
0	nashville is the capital city of the u.s. state of tennessee .
0	it can be found on both sides of the atlantic .
0	they have two rows of teeth in the upper jaw overlap one row on the lower jaw .
0	the rest of giltner 's brigade also joined in the charge , routing the union soldiers .
0	hamoir is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	they have gray and white fur with dark rosettes and spots , and their tails have stripes .
0	the ss einsatzgruppen murdered civilians ; mostly jews , in the countries occupied by germany during world war ii .
0	the vascular cambium is a lateral meristem .
0	the city was a center of medieval european trade and finance .
0	the island is famous for its anchovies .
0	anne was born on january 17 , 1820 in thornton , yorkshire , england .
0	the city is at about 84km from the province 's capital of caltanissetta , on the mediterranean sea .
0	judas priest is an english heavy metal group .
0	when kirby swallows an enemy , he `` copies '' that enemy 's power .
0	terriers are used to find the den or living space of the animal .
0	it flies between the middle east , europe and africa .
0	the cathedral : a romanesque cathedral .
0	it is not maintained in the us army inventory any more as it was replaced with m4 .
0	in november of 1878 , diptheria swept through hesse .
0	she was first elected in the 1997 general election .
0	josiah started his rule as king at the age of 8 when his father , amon , died .
0	book and lyrics by alexandre breffort , music by marguerite monnot .
0	scripps ranch is a suburb of san diego , california .
0	that way , a very high resolution can be obtained .
0	history background calgary first tried for the olympics in 1964 , and again in 1968 .
0	the zuiderzee museum—dedicated to the history and culture of the former zuiderzee .
0	the game features a guitar-shaped controller that allows players to simulate the playing of rock music .
0	two years later he won the gold medal at the 1990 international tchaikovsky competition in moscow .
0	they are caused by a virus in the hpv family .
0	human racial categories are based on both ancestry and visible traits such as skin color and facial features .
0	flag the flag was designed by silvio carvalho feitosa .
0	laura and george met and married in 1977 .
0	people sometimes brought their horses into family tent for shelter and protection .
0	wikio is a european search engine developed by kelkoo .
0	new york : interscience , 1994 .
0	he also sometimes plays guitar or keyboard instead of bass .
0	soundgarden 's final release , a greatest-hits compilation titled a-sides , was released the following fall .
0	they believe that jesus ascended into heaven .
0	they have sold over 60 million albums and singles worldwide .
0	he was in charge of the investigation into the assassination of president park chung-hee .
0	sivry-rance is a municipality found in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	the other countries include north korea , cuba , vietnam , and laos .
0	ruairi o bradaigh , the life and politics of an irish revolutionary .
0	edward i steadily undermined the authority of king john .
0	he helped plan normandy campaign .
0	his father was aeson , the rightful king of iolcus .
0	maggie has spoken in `` good night '' , the first cartoon to air on the tracey ullman show .
0	donald is a white duck with an orange bill and legs .
0	all parties except the spd voted in favour of the enabling act .
0	ice dance differs from pair skating by not allowing the man to lift the woman above his head .
0	theodebert i becomes king of austrasia .
0	the egyptians believed that the two tributaries in her area of the nile were her arms .
0	his face is also notably darker than the rest of the teletubbies .
0	aach has a council with sixteen seats .
0	she has also posed nude for several magazines including playboy .
0	he was known as a writer and teacher .
0	age of mythology : the titans is a 2003 computer game made by ensemble studios .
0	after they are written , they can only be read .
0	he remained in paris for the rest of his life .
0	most of the winners in 1900 were given cups or trophies instead of medals .
0	they are based in sheffield , south yorkshire .
0	the three mile island accident has been the most serious accident experienced by the u.s. nuclear industry .
0	these experiences laid a life-long unhappy relationship between two high profile cousins .
0	walker fire this fire was in the ontario , california area .
0	since 2004 , degeneres has been in a relationship with australian actress portia de rossi .
0	the district was started in 1993 by joining the old districts cottbus-land , forst , guben and spremberg .
0	she recently appeared as herself , on america 's next top model , as one of the judges .
0	the ocean floor has been explored by submarines and to some extent scuba divers .
0	it was discovered by charles walcott in 1911 .
0	he went on to win the ovw heavyweight championship from 'the machine ' doug basham .
0	priscilla cooper ’ s mother was mary fairlee cooper .
0	the rhine falls were made in the last ice age about 14,000 to 17,000 years ago .
0	marriage holy orders - the deacon , the priest and bishop .
0	bijeljina region is located in the northeast of the country .
0	its capital and largest city is indianapolis .
0	the -8 will replace the boeing 767-200er and boeing 767-300er aircraft .
0	early days of copland aaron copland was born november 14 , 1900 in brooklyn , new york .
0	origins the city has roman , saxon and viking connections .
0	wine is made by the fermentation of the sugar in grapes .
0	the fossil was found al lightning ridge , new south wales , australia .
0	in 1308 he married isabella of france .
0	oscar moore played the guitar and wesley prince played the bass .
0	he won the nobel prize in literature .
0	written in 1907 , it was dedicated to the george robertson sinclair , organist at hereford cathedral .
0	the movie is narrated by john goodman .
0	bureaucracy is a concept in sociology and political science .
0	in 1977 , he became minister of agriculture .
0	vermont pancakes usually have a secondary grain added to the wheat flour , either oatmeal or buckwheat flour .
0	the victoria hall was used until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb .
0	the fountain of youth is a legendary spring .
0	a surgeon before the rescue , he is the doctor to the crew .
0	deomyinae is the older and more appropriate name .
0	there was not a hill in the whole district .
0	the revolution in which current georgian president mikhail saakashvili came to power in 2003 was called the rose revolution .
0	since 1954 , rai broadcasts the event on national tv .
0	picasso had four children with three women .
0	the earliest known eutherian species is the extinct eomaia scansoria from the lower cretaceous in china .
0	after marie died , matthew continued to be the count of boulogne until 1173 .
0	professor phelps became interested in the eastern european transition economies while there .
0	it is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write .
0	the project saves more than 30,000 tons a year in greenhouse gas emissions compared to equivalent fossil fuel generation .
0	there are about 91 different genera .
0	other pages lovisa aarberg sources österberg , carin et al. , svenska kvinnor : föregångare , nyskapare .
0	she met him for the first time in ludwigshafen , germany , when she was 15 years old .
0	the capital is n'djamena .
0	building mtr hong kong 's growing economy caused a lot of traffic problems .
0	these are very juicy , white to light yellow pears .
0	however , after the 2003-2004 , goebel began struggling with the quad .
0	when looking at a certain angle , the straw appears to bend at the water 's surface .
0	the album features production from dr. dre , eminem , and timbaland , among others .
0	some of these people were frans brüggen , hans-martin linde , bernard kranis and david munrow .
0	it was a part of the military reform program of ter-grigoriants .
0	fontaine-l'evêque is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	the castle itself was surrounded by a peasant village and rolling hills .
0	thousands of people attended his funeral .
0	the most important language spoken in tuvalu is tuvaluan although nuian is spoken on the island of nui .
0	biological warfare has been used throughout history .
0	yarm is a small town in north east england in the north yorkshire .
0	she was a engraver , an illustrator , a woodcut-artist , and a miniaturist .
0	the top part of the altarpiece is in the national gallery , london .
0	the biggest airport in finland , helsinki-vantaa , is in central vantaa .
0	in decreeing that they give it back the people want nothing but their due .
0	in geography , confluence means the meeting of two or more waterways .
0	references nathuram godse — why i assassinated mahatma gandhi , surya bharti , delhi , india , 2003 .
0	his father was an optician , but had become well-known for making model trains .
0	the court said he was never to be released .
0	jamestown was the first permanent english settlement in what would become the united states .
0	a big weather system formed across much of the caribbean sea and slowly organized to the southeast of jamaica .
0	he was one of the most important leaders in the development of modern french cuisine .
0	pope john xix crowns conrad ii holy roman emperor .
0	it is located on the west coast of india near the far south of the mainland .
0	this will be the first of 57 nights of bombing .
0	kowloon is one of the 3 main parts of hong kong .
0	the city has a population of 2.3 million people .
0	pat burns has won three times , the most of any coach .
0	the council of ephesus condemned this view in 431 .
0	it is less common in victoria .
0	metals in astronomy in astronomy , a metal is any element other than hydrogen or helium .
0	the colorado potato beetle is `` secure '' : there is no threat extinction .
0	an album of remixes of tracks from silent alarm was released at the end of august in the uk .
0	soviet union begins to jam voice of america broadcasts .
0	death he died in tunica , mississippi at the age of 52 .
0	auburn is home to auburn university .
0	foucault became the first head of its philosophy department .
0	croydon is a tourist attraction in london .
0	berzelius found the chemical elements silicon , selenium , thorium , and cerium .
0	goslar is a historic city in germany .
0	quiévrain is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	he is the son of former u.s. president george h. w. bush .
0	saint vincent and the grenadines is an island nation in the caribbean sea .
0	twice in the 1700s , frauenfeld was partly destroyed by fire , in 1771 and in 1788 .
0	she is well-known from harry potter movies , where she has played character named professor minerva mcgonagall .
0	ice-cold water is poured or dripped over the sugar until the drink is diluted .
0	in perrault 's story the girl gets eaten and there is no happy ending .
0	hyde park corner , opened december 15 , 1906 .
0	there are several types of hunting dogs .
0	the team colours are red , white and black .
0	that is , it is the inertia of a rotating body with respect to its rotation .
0	at the moment , the actress ayda field is his girlfriend .
0	any member of the public is a licensee , and is called `` you '' .
0	they left that church in order to come into full communion with the catholic church .
0	the group is popular in east asian countries including taiwan and china .
0	the next version is called `` snow leopard '' .
0	jenner is a small town in sonoma county , california , u.s..
0	east germany was a member of the warsaw pact .
0	the duke decided to build a new town on the shores of a small lake called the zierker see .
0	it is one of the longest place names in the world .
0	she was the daughter of numitor silvius , king of alba longa .
0	a phosphate is a salt of phosphoric acid .
0	between 1860 and 1994 , the city was also the capital of the province of transvaal .
0	it came out in north america on march 9 , 2008 .
0	following world war ii bonn was in the british occupation zone .
0	he was elected in 1294 after pope celestine v abdicated .
0	it is a close-combat or last-resort weapon .
0	nieuwpoort is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
0	japan became an important friend of the usa when it entered into the cold war with korea .
0	the adam 's apple is usually more prominent in adult men than in women or girls or boys .
0	the novel is not limited to only a love story .
0	their name seems to be connected with angeln , a modern district located in schleswig-holstein , germany .
0	he was born in ferriday , louisiana and is a cousin of mickey gilley and jimmy swaggart .
0	havelange is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	one of the most important entries in the diary was written on october 28 , 1941 .
0	however , when including migrants , guangdong has more people than henan .
0	i wo n't leave the king .
0	however , china withdrew back to the modern borders voluntarily .
0	articles in the simple english wikipedia use fewer words and easier grammar than the ordinary english wikipedia .
0	stefanie ’ s tenth album against the light , has been a major success in asia .
0	regular rectal exams are recommended for older men to detect prostate cancer early .
0	he was first elected in the 2001 general election .
0	lake hévíz is one of the world 's largest thermal lakes .
0	some things are useful but not scarce such as air and are referred to as free goods .
0	in 1843 the famous trafalgar square and nelson 's column were built in london to honour him .
0	it was first awarded in 1924 .
0	it was , perhaps coincidentally , only some 100 metres away from marie duplessis .
0	he is succeeded by vice president john tyler .
0	controversy certain people oppose the idea of evolution .
0	these large spikes were probably used in contests of strength .
0	the igreja pentecostal e apostolica missão jesus is a pentecostal church committed to the defence of the socially deprived .
0	she had cervical cancer .
0	other websites the three character classic in chinese with the herbert giles english translation .
0	upland is a city in san bernardino county , california .
0	the last event is contested between the final 3 .
0	this famous phrase signifies the continuity of sovereignty .
0	the game is for the wii .
0	a database is a program for a computer .
0	during the soccer world cup 2006 in germany the stadium fifa wm-stadium munich was called .
0	the genre is said to have started in the 1950s .
0	morocco early on november 29 and quickly weakened overland , dissipating later that day over northwestern algeria .
0	she continues to tour the world in support of human rights .
0	it is the municipality farthest south in the valley of the sernf .
0	a prince of orange , am i free and brave .
0	hatay is a city in the southern part of turkey , on the mediterranean coast .
0	name the band thought of the name 'the maccabees ' by opening the bible to a random page .
0	because of this , whedon and universal pictures made a movie based on the series , titled serenity .
0	it is generally done during a murder or execution with an axe , sword , or guillotine .
0	he was one of disney 's nine old men , and the last one living .
0	he was born in colombia .
0	she welcomed visits by senior british royals , most notably the prince of wales to áras an uachtaráin .
0	contributors people from over 130 countries contributed to the ipcc fourth assessment report over 6 years .
0	le roeulx is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	pope gregory viii starts the council of avranches .
0	in 1987 , she won the academy award for best actress for her role in the romantic comedy moonstruck .
0	banca monte dei paschi di siena , the world 's oldest bank , is founded .
0	harry redknapp is the manager .
0	many find the shiny , porcelain-like shells pleasing to look at .
0	crisparkle finds edwin ’ s watch and other belongings at the river .
0	gegenschein heliosphere , a bubble in space produced by the solar wind .
0	this caused many of the border planets and moons to have environmentsthat fit the western setting .
0	orser coached kim to win the grand prix final , a major skating accomplishment .
0	she won the miss usa pageant in 2008 .
0	shirley dinsdale was the very first person to be given an emmy in the first awards ceremony .
0	ripuarian languages are part of the west middle continental germanic language group .
0	he and the other survivors of the rising took over sinn féin and then turned into a republican party .
0	due to their underground life the eyes are small .
0	they speak the aymara language .
0	it starred vivien leigh , clark gable , leslie howard , and olivia de havilland .
0	some of the ernestine duchies stayed independent until 1918 .
0	rhee was elected the first president of south korea on 10 may , 1948 by a parliamentary vote .
0	constantine became the first christian emperor .
0	wcw had already abandonded the title after meng signed a contract with wwf in january 2001 .
0	claudius marries plautia urgulanilla following the death of livia medullina .
0	mal gets a call from inara , a former passenger .
0	together they explore the world in a time-traveling hot-air balloon .
0	in males , all four cells become sperm .
0	sympathy strike a sympathy strike is a strike that is done to support another group of workers on strike .
0	he cried in front of reporters and still protests his innocence .
0	on 19 may 2006 he had an interview with the german television station ard .
0	early life christian was born in 1764 at the family home of moorland close , near brigham , cumbria .
0	usually the only characters that scorn a god are those of low standing , like a pimp .
0	he was elected to the queensland parliament in 1892 .
0	he travelled around europe and visited many socialist meetings and events .
0	he makes puns , which are either deliberately cheap or humorous .
0	courcelles is a municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
0	they live in parts of europe , asia , and north america .
0	it was first discovered in 1877 in colorado by oramel w. lucas .
0	altenburger land is the easternmost district of thuringia .
0	it was created by blizzard entertainment in 1997 .
0	ponce is the second largest city in puerto rico outside of the san juan metropolitan area .
0	the most important islands are vanua levu and viti levu .
0	sometimes , but often , they will co-write a song .
0	as an example , u232 has a half-life of about 69 years .
0	aids : koop was surgeon general when aids became well known .
0	languages filipino and english are the official languages .
0	history the area around rheinfelden was already settled about 10,000 years ago .
0	some songs were written in the studio , like `` an cat dubh '' and `` the ocean '' .
0	the last part , charya khanda or section on conduct , has been lost and some believe destroyed .
0	it contains the three colors of the flag of romania : red , yellow , and blue .
0	this law is like faraday 's law of electromagnetic induction .
0	backup all the system , including user data to an installable live cd/dvd .
0	after the japanese were defeated by the allies during world war ii , taiwan was controlled by the roc .
0	it is the only genus currently known in the cycad family .
0	it is used to show strong emotion at the end of a sentence or after an interjection .
0	he returned on the august 21 episode of raw .
0	culture uniform all students wear white short-sleeved shirts .
0	aartselaar is a municipality located in the belgian province of antwerp .
0	reverend parris 's slave , tituba , is from barbados .
0	graham did golf with him , but kennedy was a roman catholic .
0	january 3 1967 january 5 1971 republican 37 reubin o 'd .
0	the population in 2004 was about 2.009.506 .
0	it will create jobs and will also reduce greenhouse gas emissions .
0	science and technology - development of the steam engine continues at pace .
0	it is the final court of appeals for all cases from the regional and appellate courts .
0	when isaac was three his mother remarried , and isaac remained with his grandmother .
0	marco polo bridge , or lugouqiao , completed in beijing .
0	events january - the triple alliance of 1668 is formed .
0	the royal albert hall is one of the most famous buildings in the world .
0	early planes were made from wood .
0	john ii of castile , declared valladolid laws that restricted the social rights of jews .
0	in 2000 , he got the nobel peace prize .
0	heatley won the calder memorial trophy in 2002 .
0	it is the capital of the state of rhineland-palatinate .
0	elizabeth priscilla cooper was born in new york city .
0	this season was unusual in that no hurricanes made landfall in the united states of america .
0	first hypnotist job a hypnotist and entertainer called hart was entertaining at the hopkinsville opera house in 1901 .
0	addington is a village in the london borough of croydon in south london .
0	statistical surveys are collections of information about items in a population .
0	the chairman of the party is marc abramsson .
0	it has strict rules on player amateurism .
0	because the verses were written in greek , the keepers would always be helped by two greek translators .
0	in contrast to the mellow c-pop style , xbf songs were sung loudly and forcefully .
0	filler episodes are not part of the manga storyline .
0	this was designed to reduce speculation on currency markets , which he saw as unproductive .
0	they have two children .
0	he has been compared to homer , virgil , and dante .
0	she also played a recurring role as tia in the disney channel original series phil of the future .
0	may 1 - elvis presley married priscilla beaulieu .
0	after moving to los angeles , hewitt was in more than twenty television commercials .
0	the forms from the same colours form some cheering teams during the sports days .
0	archie lives in a small town named the `` riverdale '' .
0	it was a very important part of the warner bros. television network in its early years .
0	she was best known for her role as lisa douglas on the television series , green acres .
0	it is the sequel to super mario kart , and features eight playable characters .
0	karachi is linked by railway to the rest of pakistan .
0	bagrat aleksandrovich lost his brother anton alekjsandrovich .
0	the organization has a tv show , radio broadcast , many books , and an online school .
0	although it is the newest british order of chivalry it has more members than any other .
0	the protagonist does not want to an object , while performing over a complex beat .
0	july 20 - colombia declares independence from spain .
0	the east asian tradition of calligraphy originated and developed in china .
0	in 1810 , jacques-barthélemy , the grandson of the founder continued the business .
0	the crystal maze was a gameshow in the united kingdom .
0	arabians ' hair coat colors are bay , gray , chestnut , black , or roan .
0	in 1998 , midway through a north american tour , raynor left the band to continue his education .
0	he survived nazi occupation during world war ii .
0	the ubigeo code identifies each province .
0	because of china 's one-child policy , many families lost their only child .
0	other websites cincinnati bengals official web site sports e-cyclopedia .
0	k-meleon is a web browser for microsoft windows .
0	in new south wales and the act they used to trade as allens .
0	she was accused of torturing and killing many girls and young women .
0	its logo is a hollow potato named sophia , making fun of wikipedia 's globe logo .
0	pope john paul ii celebrated mass in the cathedral .
0	the second wave of anti-fascist violence took place after occupation of slav army in may 1945 .
0	jean-pierre poly and eric bournazel , the feudal transformation , 900-1200 .
0	this first restaurant was on route 66 in san bernardino , california .
0	the centre of the principality of saxony was in the district .
0	it also has a coast on the red sea .
0	when the hungarians arrived in the area , it was in ruins .
0	the capital city is algiers .
0	harran 's ruins are from roman , sabian , and islamic times .
0	it is also known as quicksilver .
0	his term as presiding bishop ended on november first 2006 .
0	in such situations , the definite article is used : the plane .
0	history in the year 1086 , 15 families and 3 slaves lived in hartley .
0	he was reported in newspapers around 1827 as being responsible for bushranging on the road between sydney and windsor .
0	michif is the métis pronunciation of métis .
0	it goes through london the capital city of the united kingdom .
0	in 1969 , he married the pianist viktoria postnikova .
0	the area was opened up by settlers from the 1860s .
0	incourt is a municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	robert schumann died in 1856 after two years in a mental asylum .
0	he was promoted in september 2005 after the resignation of hubert guyot .
0	it housed the romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century bce .
0	it got the designation s/1989 n 1 .
0	she was the tenth child of lord edmund howard and joyce culpepper .
0	in 1998 , she made her first song , `` ... baby one more time '' .
0	there are many marked hiking paths .
0	modesto bee , december 17 , 1948 , pg .
0	a member of the ku klux klan bombed a church in birmingham , alabama , killing four girls .
0	a soup is a kind of food .
0	he travelled to anatolia , syria , egypt , and iraq .
0	she and mal have a hard relationship , with romantic tension playing a big part in several episodes .
0	it usually takes the form of a raspberry spray-painted gold and mounted on a plastic base .
0	yasser arafat becomes palestinian liberation organization leader at the palestinian national congress .
0	it was released in 2001 .
0	he won the title by beating jess willard on july 4 , 1919 .
0	in 2008 they won the fifa club world cup .
0	the karen languages are tonal languages spoken by the karen people .
0	besides selling their character goods , sanrio also takes part in movie production and publishing .
0	it may also be called a power bloc , or a voting bloc .
0	he was chairman of the pds from 1993 until his resignation in 2000 .
0	province of pennsylvania was founded by quakers .
0	australia has no nuclear power stations and the current rudd labor government is opposed to nuclear power for australia .
0	at unforgiven , batista won against khali and rey mysterio in a triple threat match to win the championship .
0	at judgment day , mysterio defeated jbl via pinfall .
0	its official name is the commonwealth of massachusetts .
0	some people keep rats as a pet .
0	he was replaced in 1970 by phil collins .
0	in the gregorian calendar used in other countries , chinese new year falls on different dates each year .
0	vättern is also noted for its fishing .
0	she has won an academy award , a grammy award , an emmy award and three golden globe awards .
0	with about 200 destinations the airport handled over 34 million passengers with 263,363 aircraft movements in 2006 .
0	events the third crusade ends in disaster .
0	they opened their first restaurant in milwaukee , at 60th street and silver spring drive .
0	the chapel was built between 1473 and 1481 by giovanni dei dolci for pope sixtus iv .
0	brüning 's first act was to introduce a budget calling for steep spending cuts and sharp tax increases .
0	phillip had a very hard time getting the ships ready for the 8 month sea voyage to australia .
0	in times of war , prisoners of war may also be held in prisons .
0	billy cranston - the blue ranger .
0	vulcano 's name itself is taken from vulcan , the name of a god of fire in roman mythology .
0	the electric chair was invented by harold brown 1888 .
0	so france allied with castile against england and portugal .
0	it was released in june 2004 .
0	ignatius became bishop of antioch after saint peter and evodius , who died around ad 67 .
0	he controlled the company 's exports of watches to france and italy .
0	a drama cd was later released on december 31 , 2006 at comiket 71 .
0	most of his compositions were written for keyboard instruments .
0	it is named after the ticino river .
0	the city is the administrative center of rostov oblast and the southern federal district of russia .
0	the electric field and the magnetic field are components of the electromagnetic field .
0	if they are not , : it does n't matter .
0	the river nile flows through sudan on its way to the mediterranean sea .
0	the state capital is tuxtla gutiérrez .
0	coweta is a city in wagoner county , oklahoma and is a suburb of tulsa .
0	arrested on march 2 1971 .
0	the book won the pulitzer prize on may 3 , 1937 .
0	his last school was named the christian missionary society high school in karachi .
0	the violin is sometimes called a “ fiddle ” .
0	these included the christian-democratic national peasants ' party , the national liberal party and the romanian social democrat party .
0	esperanza is the drug lord of the fictional country of val verde .
0	the three-dimensional version is called pascal 's pyramid or pascal 's tetrahedron .
0	it is surrounded by bay of bengal on the east and indian ocean on the south .
0	he is best known for his role in star wars episode iv : a new hope .
0	they had a son in 1996 .
0	the bulbourethral glands are about the size of a pea .
0	tinlot is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	in 1996 , he started doing stage shows at the university he was going to .
0	the west window is very large and is never a rose window .
0	during the second world war the family moved to orenburg .
0	the series was published by dark horse comics beginning in 2001 .
0	it overthrew the umayyad caliphs from all but al-andalus .
0	this includes many vulnerable or endangered species .
0	yoga is the sanskrit word for union .
0	it has been founded in 1984 in rimini .
0	he died in lausanne .
0	ichtegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
0	the adult aliens have already been created and quickly escape their confinement .
0	it was first written in the magazine amazing stories .
0	he produced over 340 papers and books throughout his lifetime .
0	the top 5 countries that exported bananas were ecuador , costa rica , the philippines , colombia and guatemala .
0	the edicts describe in detail the first wide expansion of buddhism .
0	they started a tradition of inviting families to sunday church services in the east room of the white house .
0	pierre died after a carriage accident in paris on april 19 , 1906 .
0	protests and sit-ins spread to many other universities .
0	on his return from siberia in 1917 he enjoyed great popularity among moscow workers .
0	events september 4 — romulus augustus is deposed by odoacer .
0	together with his brothers , he founded the accademia degli incamminati .
0	together with the werra , its length is 730 km .
0	princeton appears to be the fourth institution to conduct classes .
0	the game was created by id software .
0	common to all is a tendency towards a `` dark '' sound and outlook .
0	scientists at the johns hopkins university applied physics lab believe that voyager entered the termination shock in february 2003 .
0	the flowers grow on a special structure called spadix .
0	palma de mallorca is the capital of mallorca .
0	her best compositions are chamber music .
0	many protists are part of the plankton and are very important for the ecosystem .
0	she and nicholas became engaged in april 1894 .
0	history hmong people have been living in southern china for at least 2,000 years .
0	the female abdomen also ends in a pointed ovipositor that looks a bit like a stinger .
0	most important places in ulaanbaatar : the choijin lama monastery , a buddhist monastery that was completed in 1908 .
0	no two judges can come from the same country .
0	the eye of the heron is a 1978 science fiction book that was written by ursula k. le guin .
0	government alexander county is part of the western piedmont council of governments .
0	surrey 's largest town is guildford .
0	fedora core 2 was released on may 18 , 2004 , codenamed tettnang .
0	her favorite city is new york city .
0	the current cup holders are the ukrainian team f.c . shakhtar donetsk they won by beating werder bremen .
0	queen victoria gave city status to birmingham in 1889 .
0	he was beaten in the 1967 presidential election against abdirashid ali shermarke .
0	the hadish palace in persepolis was started by xerxes and finished by his son artaxerxes .
0	echo was a very good dancer and singer , but did not like the love of any man .
0	archer never spoke during the trial .
0	tropical storm olga was the fifteenth named storm of the 2007 atlantic hurricane season .
0	hemer is a city in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
0	he went to samarqand and completed his studies there .
0	as of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 77,145 .
0	she urges sextus to kill titus .
0	throughout the series , rowling wrote harry potter as a gifted wizard apprentice .
0	he was the son of hugh capet and adelaide of aquitaine .
0	north and south is a novel by john jakes .
0	he takes a boat to venice .
0	he also did not testify during the inquest .
0	in karnataka it is spoken mainly in the district of dakshina kannada .
0	it is a follow-up to final fantasy tactics advance .
0	he was the first austrian to win a tour stage since max bulla in 1931 .
0	the grey cup is the championship for the cfl .
0	alan was a founding member of the justice society of america .
0	end of the reign of emperor go-komatsu of japan .
0	she died in 1998 , at the arizona ranch she owned with her husband .
0	raynald of chatillon released from prison in aleppo .
0	it was the last opera that wagner completed .
0	andrea doria revolts against the french and establishes the independence of genoa .
0	it is the capital city of baja california .
0	role in the simpsons moe is the owner and only worker at moe 's tavern .
0	it was written by henrik lund , and it became the national anthem in 1916 .
0	fatimid caliph al-hakim orders the destruction of all jewish and christian places of worship .
0	yet another disney film label was started in 1990 , hollywood pictures , with the release of arachnophobia .
0	this enables them to live in cooler waters and survive a wider range of circumstances .
0	not clarified , are earlier reports of 2 new zealanders , 2 bulgarians , and 1 pole .
0	this causes a fight between the couple , resulting in lucy leaving jude .
0	he played the bass guitar and sang .
0	the rock from which soil is formed is called parent material .
0	this melon holds oil , and the wahle is able to change its shape .
0	many common `` -ish '' forms have different demonyms .
0	it is known for its clean thin air .
0	busnois , ockeghem , tinctoris , and loyset compère .
0	the first fleet , of 11 ships , sailed on 13 may 1787 .
0	it was previously called flame !
0	his messengers and symbolic animal are foxes .
0	his family belonged to the branch of ismaili islam .
0	the green area of the city is one of largest in brazil .
0	this is a list of motorways in the united kingdom .
0	it was released on november 16 2007 .
0	the white house became a social center of that time .
0	a sickle is a curved tool used in agriculture for harvesting grain crops .
0	aywaille is a municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
0	its logo , which is the floral emblem of scotland , shows that the britannica was a scottish business .
0	becker was a 1998 american television series .
0	many military installations are known as forts , although they are not always fortified .
0	the leader titan says herc can go free because he is not defending the gods .
0	she played lady aberlin on mister rogers ' neighborhood .
0	the leaves are covered with oil glands .
0	frederick was the leader of an important group of protestant princes , called the evangelical union .
0	n'djamena is also a special statute region .
0	he lost his title to buster douglas in 1990 .
0	evere is a municipality located in the belgian brussels-capital region .
0	the band won mtv 's awards for best rock video for somewhere i belong .
0	the second epistle to the corinthians is one of the books in the new testament .
0	he was a runner , one of the most dangerous jobs on the front .
0	most people use granulated or liquid instant substitutes .
0	someone 's vocabulary is all the words that he or she knows .
0	german bombers hit exeter , bath and york in retaliation for the british raid on lübeck .
0	glasgow has several football teams - the best-known are rangers f.c . and celtic f.c..
0	they thought of chocolate with xochiquetzal , the goddess of pregnancy .
0	there are only 25-30 volapük speakers in the world today .
0	today the queen holds court at buckingham palace .
0	recordings the philharmonia has made more than one thousand recordings .
0	he started his career appearing on television in the late 1980s .
0	during his last years mendelssohn suffered from bad health .
0	most of foods are based on meat .
0	bands such as mötley crüe , w.a.s.p . and ratt became popular .
0	robinson decided not to seek re-election to the senate in 1989 .
0	however , the detroit red wings beat them in six games .
0	the abbey has been declared a world heritage site .
0	frankfurt is located on the main river .
0	in danish cuisine they are one of the most commonly eaten fishes .
0	it was only released in australia and new zealand .
0	now , their house in palo alto is the official residence of the president of stanford university .
0	viz also showed inuyasha anime on adult swim , where it was very popular .
0	during the first boer war , the city was attacked in december 1880 and march 1881 .
0	he created gnu emacs , the gnu c compiler , and the gnu debugger .
0	the capital of chalcidice is the polygyros .
0	they will be released in north america in spring 2010 .
0	the lord of the rings is a book written by j. r. r. tolkien .
0	the life and times of scrooge mcduck is a comic book painted and written by don rosa .
0	the hippie movement really began to take hold .
0	in 1882 the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing construction .
0	smallpox probably caused in the highest death toll for native americans .
0	it is better to put information on your user page , rather than in your signature .
0	a generalization of the histogram is kernel smoothing techniques .
0	orp-jauche is a municipality found in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
0	lisa was the wife of francesco del giocondo a wealthy silk merchant , who lived in florence .
0	betrayal trauma is similar to post traumatic stress disorder .
0	he married queen victoria , his cousin , on 10 february 1840 .
0	an action is something that a person does .
0	darmstadt is the place of its discovery .
0	it is part of the province of southern finland and the region of päijänne tavastia .
0	on july 4 , 1776 , people from 13 colonies signed the united states declaration of independence .
0	males are only seen with females during mating season , in groups of 6-10 with their offspring .
0	doctor who airs for the first time in the united kingdom .
0	he revolted against alexander the great and fought a war for darius the great of persia .
0	new douglas park is a scottish football stadium .
0	if they do n't win , it 's a shame .
0	he also wrote science fiction and historical stories .
0	malcolm `` mal '' reynolds .
0	but when she was born , there was no reason for people to believe that she would become queen .
0	they claimed the salic law put them ahead of edward iii of england to rule france .
0	it surrounds the urethra just below the urinary bladder .
0	at the beginning jinnah had avoided to join the all india muslim league , another political organization of india .
0	he gave all his nobel prize monies to this university .
0	the other disease is chronic bronchitis .
0	the american governmental system shows a clear separation of powers unlike the british system .
0	the movie was created using both hand-drawn animation and computer generated imagery .
0	biography cheung was born in hong kong to a chinese father and a chinese-british mother .
0	in 2000 , the population was 49,329 .
0	most scholars argue that dionysius placed the birth of jesus in 1 bc .
0	these turbinates guide the air through the nasal cavity .
0	history the district was last changed in 1973 .
0	his father died two years later .
0	he became a refugee again when hitler invaded poland in 1939 .
0	the destruction seems to have been focused on structures along the avenue of the dead .
0	understanding the sermon on the mount .
0	a south atlantic tropical cyclone is an unusual form of weather event .
0	they were not used for census reporting since 1841 .
0	the london borough of croydon is a london borough .
0	mali is the world 's 24th-largest country .
0	he married maria elizabeth von colomb in 1766 .
0	this character is a terminator infiltration unit sent back to protect john connor and sarah connor from skynet .
0	the trumpet is played by blowing into the mouthpiece and making a `` buzzing '' sound .
0	also , a women 's liberation vote was passed for the first time .
0	vezina felt sick during a game in 1925 because he had tuberculosis .
0	jack crusher was killed in an accident on the stargazor in 2354 .
0	michael 's younger brother ralf is also a formula 1 driver .
0	a hinge is something that connects two objects and lets them rotate .
0	henri i is crowned king of france at reims cathedral .
0	there are other functions , like trigonometric functions .
0	the basque rock group kortatu wrote the song sarri , sarri in honor of this .
0	the generic name comes from greek kykas and means `` palm tree '' .
0	shoe moulding may be used between the lower floor and the first riser .
0	she is said to be the most beautiful woman in the world .
0	napoleon occupied the palace , while his troops camped nearby .
0	definitions specific to subfields are common .
0	on 20 september 2007 he was declared the winner because floyd landis was found guilty of doping .
0	when done without a property owner 's permission it is considered vandalism .
0	new delhi : asian educational services .
0	the `` alabama song '' comes from the 1930 operetta rise and fall of the city of mahagonny .
0	psamathe was found by scott s. sheppard and david c. jewitt in 2003 .
0	it is made from molasses and other sugarcane by-products through fermentation and distillation .
0	japanese mythology is a very difficult system of beliefs that includes shinto and buddhist traditions .
0	the city is divided into 23 city districts .
0	hoppin , medieval music pp .
0	doner meat '' is often also offered as a pizza or burger topping in such establishments .
0	the first season of the show had 12 episodes .
0	the opening scene begins with knowles wearing a tank top , shorts , and red high-heels .
0	it is the third largest lake in central europe after lake balaton and lake geneva .
0	because of this , the roman senate sent messengers in 76 bc to find similar prophecies and replace them .
0	sale core duo was started in 5 january 2006 with rest elements of napa platform .
0	the college also grants arms to citizens of other commonwealth countries that do not have their own heralds .
0	he also had a solo career .
0	wayland is connected with wayland 's smithy , a burial mound in oxfordshire .
0	temse is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
0	sources and other websites johannes baptist sägmüller .
0	revolt in yucatán capital mayapan ; maya civilization falls into warring city-states .
0	the service has had its headquarters at vauxhall cross in london since 1995 .
0	farrokhi was the best poet in the court of mahmud ghaznavi .
0	ford motor company has a plant here ; it produces the focus , c-max and kuga .
0	holly springs is a small town in north carolina , united states .
0	west jordan is a city in the suburbs of salt lake city .
0	the communist party of germany also made gains .
0	smoking is banned in all california bars and restaurants .
0	potassium permanganate can be used to differentiate amyloid aa from other types of amyloid pathologically deposited in body tissues .
0	it was founded in 1823 as singapore institution by sir thomas stamford raffles , the founder of modern singapore .
0	the band is famous for `` script ohio '' .
0	in spain , he continued his studies at the universidad central de madrid .
0	modern works william smith 's , a dictionary of greek and roman antiquities at lacuscurtius .
0	this was criticized in an article by stephen mcintyre and ross mckitrick .
0	the shining rock wilderness is a protected area in the u.s. state of north carolina .
0	he retired from the house of commons at the 2001 general election of the united kingdom .
0	it was an important company for almost 200 years , until it became bankrupt in 1800 .
0	the book is very complete in how it describes scientific accountancy .
0	tourists can either walk around the area themselves , or go on a guided tours .
0	he continued to play the clarinet until his death in 1986 in in new york , new york .
0	cyber high school is the term used to describe going to high school online or on the internet .
0	gyeonhwon formally establishes the kingdom of hubaekje in southwestern korea .
0	when al davis came in as head coach and general manager , the raiders improved .
0	the operative tells mal that he will let him go if mal turns river over to him .
0	through him all things were made .
0	both sides then engaged in trench warfare from the north sea to the swiss border with france .
0	career in seanad éireann she was elected one of trinity college 's three members of seanad éireann in 1969 .
0	dante , with petrarch and boccaccio are also known as `` the three fountains '' .
0	harry soon realizes why ... this the only book where lord voldemort does not make an appearance .
0	it aired on abc network from 1958 to 1966 .
0	the object is to score by driving the ball through the goals .
0	zerlina and masetto open the door and catch leporello .
0	in the field of electromagnetism , flux is usually the integral of a vector quantity over a finite surface .
0	this was later renamed to `` tainan fu '' in 1885 when taiwan was a province .
0	she met him while making fantastic four in 2004 .
0	he is the only person to win two nobel prizes in physics .
0	the rest are fixed structures adapted to the terrain .
0	he shoots and produces many of his films in texas and mexico .
0	bocholt is a city in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
0	he appeared on the cover of the beatles ' sgt . pepper 's lonely hearts club band album .
0	manfred is killed in the battle and pope clement iv makes charles king of sicily and naples .
0	a myrmecophile is an animal that lives with ants .
0	his reign marked a high point for france during the hundred years ' war .
0	in 1868 , he built a hotel for railroad passengers coming through cary .
0	this article is about a late 19th-century revolution .
0	miranjani the highest peak of the area is also in namli maira .
0	it is near china , laos and cambodia .
0	after thereformation , vaihingen became a protestant city .
0	in 1862 he finished his studies in leipzig and went back to bergen where he gave another recital .
0	recent conditions have utilised gps technology to limit maximum speeds or driving to specific regions .
0	the billy graham center was founded and opened in 1981 on the campus of wheaton college .
0	adapted from the novel of the same name by konstantin sedykh .
0	it is a very good swimmer and spends much of its time in the water .
0	it is commonly known as tb .
0	the formation of the isthmus of panama joined the two continents 2 to 3 million years ago .
0	the company is named after nike , the greek goddess of victory .
0	the name comes from the word `` micro '' and `` encyclopaedia '' .
0	during the 2004 presidential election , mixson crossed party lines to endorse the re-election of president george w. bush .
0	the arya chakaravarthi dynasty ruled over large parts of northeast sri lanka until 1619 .
0	stueck , william whitney , ed .
0	this led to the ghana 's independence from the united kingdom and it becoming a country in 1957 .
0	the situation is explained to susanna , and she joins the celebration .
0	they are currently applying to nato .
0	he told wwe officials that his wife and son were sick due to food poisoning .
0	it has an anime called makai senki disgaea .
0	doische is a municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
0	the term mussel is used for several families of bivalve molluscs .
0	gorbachev ’ s policies made it possible for leaders of various soviet republics to gain confidence and influence .
1	august 's flower is the gladiolus or poppy , and its birthstone is the peridot .
1	chinese styles vary greatly from era to era and are traditionally named after the ruling dynasty .
1	10 december 2007 , spain is divided into 17 autonomous communities .
1	alan mathison turing was a british mathematician , logician , cryptanalyst and computer scientist .
1	centuries of careful selection and breeding have had enormous effects on the characteristics of crop plants .
1	genetic engineering has expanded the genes available to breeders to utilize in creating desired germlines for new crops .
1	ensuring that the food supply is free of contamination .
1	ensuring that the food supply is of a consistent and known quality .
1	ensuring that the food supply meets the population 's needs .
1	the form of government used in australia is a constitutional monarchy with a parliamentary system of government .
1	the labor party came to office with kevin rudd as prime minister following the november 2007 election .
1	approximately 24 % australians over the age of 15 regularly participate in organised sporting activities in australia .
1	australia has participated in every summer olympic games of the modern era , and every commonwealth games .
1	since the 20th century , the field of professional astronomy split into observational and theoretical branches .
1	this is known as the geocentric model of the universe .
1	a solar wind of plasma particles constantly streams outward from the sun until it reaches the heliopause .
1	the sovietoccupation resulted in the killings of at least 600,000 to 2 million afghan civilians and many more refugees .
1	the official language of argentina is spanish , usually called castellano ( castilian ) by argentines .
1	they formed a coalition with werner faymann from the social democrats as chancellor .
1	austria is a largely mountainous country due to its location in the alps .
1	typical austrian dishes include wiener schnitzel , apfelstrudel , schweinsbraten , kaiserschmarren , knödel , sachertorte and tafelspitz .
1	restoration of independence in 1991 , the soviet union broke apart and armenia re-established its independence .
1	vertebrates comprise cyclostomes , bony fish , sharks and rays , amphibians , reptiles , mammals , and birds .
1	variations made from pork and beef mixtures as well as poultry can now be found .
1	the city hosted the 2008 olympic games .
1	there are many sizes and shapes of bottles used for wine .
1	the seeds are embedded in the common flesh of the ovary .
1	black is the lack of all colors of light , or an exhaustive combination of multiple colors of pigment .
1	a black pigment can , however , result from a combination of several pigments that collectively absorb all colors .
1	the analytical engine should not be confused with babbage 's difference engine which was a non-programmable mechanical calculator .
1	notable achievements include : konrad zuse 's electromechanical `` z machines '' .
1	the 1980s witnessed home computers and the now ubiquitous personal computer .
1	a continent is one of several large landmasses on earth .
1	fire is primarily hot and secondarily dry .
1	water is primarily cold and secondarily wet .
1	earth is primarily dry and secondarily cold .
1	ancient china was one of the earliest centers of human civilization .
1	china has one of the world 's oldest civilizations and has the oldest continuous civilization .
1	ancient china was one of the earliest centers of human civilization .
1	it has one of the world 's oldest written language systems .
1	it has a population of 104390 people .
1	its celtic name was camulodunon , meaning 'the fortress of ( the war god ) camulos ' .
1	it also can be used as a partial replacement for ground beef or pork .
1	in the us city is used for much smaller settlements .
1	this process of working out a slope using limits is called differentiation , or finding the derivative .
1	their texture can be soft or firm .
1	the yellow to red color of many cheeses is a result of adding annatto .
1	cheeses are eaten both on their own and cooked in various dishes .
1	most cheeses melt when heated .
1	most widely available vegetarian cheeses are made using rennet produced by fermentation of the fungus mucor miehei .
1	the diameter of a circle is twice its radius .
1	nouns in german , all nouns and noun-like words are capitalized .
1	the republic of cuba is an island country in the caribbean .
1	havana is the largest city in cuba and the country 's capital of cuba .
1	at one time , cuba was the world 's most important sugar producer and exporter .
1	in latin , decem means `` ten '' .
1	december starts on the same day of the week as september every year .
1	december 's flower is the narcissus with its birthstone being the turquoise .
1	the method was invented by reginald john garfield dutton in 1922 .
1	revisions were made and published in 1946 and 1951 .
1	this makes it not only easier to learn , but means it can be typed using a normal keyboard .
1	the vocabulary of speedwords uses many international words and compressed forms of the writer 's own language .
1	denmark borders both the baltic and the north sea .
1	denmark is the smallest country in scandinavia .
1	danish is the official language and is spoken throughout the country .
1	english and german are the most widely spoken foreign languages .
1	denmark is divided into five regions and a total of 98 municipalities .
1	fish is traditionally more widely eaten on the west coast of jutland , where fishing is a major industry .
1	sports the most popular sport in denmark is football .
1	there are four major disciplines in earth sciences , namely geography , geology , geophysics and geodesy .
1	earth is the only place in the universe where life has been confirmed to exist .
1	the planet formed 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within a billion years .
1	the planet 's life forms are sometimes said to form a `` biosphere '' .
1	at present , earth orbits the sun once for every roughly 366.26 times it rotates about its axis .
1	the planet formed 4.54 billion years ago , and life appeared on its surface within a billion years .
1	it is the largest of the four solar terrestrial planets , both in terms of size and mass .
1	the earth also is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
1	beneath the mantle , an extremely low viscosity liquid outer core lies above a solid inner core .
1	the earth is the only terrestrial planet with active plate tectonics .
1	the earth 's terrain varies greatly from place to place .
1	sedimentary rock is formed from the accumulation of sediment that becomes compacted together .
1	about 97.5 % of the water is saline , while the remaining 2.5 % is fresh water .
1	the majority of the fresh water , about 68.7 % , is currently in the form of ice .
1	it is tidally locked to earth , which means it always has the same side facing the earth .
1	given the length of the opera the audience was free to enter and leave as they desired .
1	the cause of death is usually due to hypovolemic shock or organ failure .
1	there is no standard treatment for ebola hemorrhagic fever .
1	letter to a child never born , a dialogue between a mother and her unborn child .
1	over 90 % of egyptian christians belong to the native coptic orthodox church of alexandria .
1	e2 users called noders create entries called nodes and add information in multiple writeups .
1	unlike wikipedia , e2 does not have an enforced neutral point of view .
1	ecological yield is the harvestable population growth of an ecosystem .
1	in a home , most food preparation takes place in a kitchen .
1	a doctor who specializes in the treatment of the feet practices podiatry and is called a podiatrist .
1	it is the most visited country in the world , receiving 82 million foreign tourists annually .
1	the monarchy was the most powerful during the 17th century and the reign of louis xiv of france .
1	french became , and remained until the 20th century , the common language of diplomacy in international affairs .
1	in addition , france obtained many overseas possessions in the americas , africa and asia .
1	the monarchy ruled france until the french revolution , in 1789 .
1	the 100 departments are subdivided into 341 arrondissements which are , in turn , subdivided into 4,032 cantons .
1	about 10 % of france 's defence budget goes towards its force de frappe , or nuclear weapons force .
1	thus the french emblem was adopted and is currently used on passports .
1	france vigorously opposed the 2003 invasion of iraq , straining bilateral relations with the us and the uk .
1	france is a secular country as freedom of religion is a constitutional right .
1	there were several languages and dialects and each writer used his own spelling and grammar .
1	french literature and poetry flourished in the 18th and 19th centuries .
1	the capital city is helsinki .
1	the current president is tarja halonen ( sdp ) .
1	most of the finnish people ( 92 percent ) speak finnish as their mother tongue .
1	finland joined the european union in 1995 , and the eurozone in 1999 .
1	geography is the study of the earth and its lands , features , inhabitants , and phenomena .
1	a literal translation would be `` to describe or write about the earth '' .
1	the word was first used by a scientist called eratosthenes .
1	geography as a discipline can be split broadly into two main sub fields : human geography and physical geography .
1	in philosophical terminology , such arguments concern schools of thought on the epistemology of the ontology of god .
1	there are many philosophical issues concerning the existence of god .
1	some definitions of god are sometimes nonspecific , while other definitions can be self-contradictory .
1	there are numerous variations on these positions .
1	one of them is elohim .
1	the google headquarters , the googleplex , is located in mountain view , california .
1	the patent was officially assigned to stanford university and lists lawrence page as the inventor .
1	the name `` google '' originated from a common misspelling of the word googol .
1	origin of the name , google .
1	in the united kingdom and germany , it is officially called google mail .
1	historically gallons has had many different definitions , but there are three definitions in current use .
1	a gallon is a measure of volume of approximately four litres .
1	under a dictatorship , the government is ruled by an individual who has full power over the country .
1	an oligarchy is a government ruled by a small group of people who share similar interests or family relations .
1	galaxies come in three main types : ellipticals , spirals , and irregulars .
1	a graph structure can be extended by assigning a weight to each edge of the graph .
1	for example if a graph represents a road network , the weights could represent the length of each road .
1	herm is the smallest of the channel islands that is open to the public .
1	herm is only 1½ miles long and less than half a mile wide .
1	unlike sark , bicycles are banned too .
1	the state was admitted to the union on august 21 , 1959 .
1	the capital and largest city of hawaii is honolulu on the island named oahu .
1	food exports include coffee , macadamia nuts , pineapple , livestock , and sugarcane .
1	in the hawaiian language , honolulu means `` sheltered bay '' or `` place of shelter . ''
1	in 1845 , kamehameha iii moved the permanent capital of the hawaiian kingdom from lahaina on maui to honolulu .
1	hawaii ponoi is the state song and former national anthem of hawaii .
1	the replacement can happen in two ways
1	by regeneration : the necrotic cells are replaced by the same tissue as was originally there .
1	by repair : injured tissue is replaced with scar tissue .
1	most organs will heal using a mixture of both mechanisms .
1	the inquisition was established and jews and muslims who refused to convert were expelled from the country .
1	to the east of ireland , separated by the irish sea , is the island of great britain .
1	its capital city is dublin .
1	northern ireland , part of the united kingdom , covers the remaining sixth .
1	italy 's capital , rome , was for centuries the center of western civilization .
1	italy is home to the greatest number of unesco world heritage sites ( 44 ) to date .
1	the country 's oldest religious minority is the jewish community , comprising roughly 45,000 people .
1	an interim official is a person who is filling an official role temporarily .
1	international english language testing system , is an international standardised test of english language proficiency .
1	other languages spoken in india come from the austro-asiatic and tibeto-burman linguistic families .
1	hindi , with the largest number of speakers , is the official language of the union .
1	by 1856 , most of india was under the control of the british east india company .
1	on 26 january 1950 , india became a republic and a new constitution came into effect .
1	india is a founding member of the united nations ( as british india ) and the non-aligned movement .
1	the rajya sabha , a permanent body , has 245 members serving staggered six year terms .
1	india is a republic consisting of 28 states and seven union territories with a parliamentary system of democracy .
1	india 's largest cities are mumbai , delhi , kolkata , chennai , bangalore , hyderabad and ahmedabad .
1	january 's flower is the carnation with its birthstone being the garnet .
1	the first day of the month is known as new year 's day
1	the meaning for the birthstone pearl is health and longevity .
1	gay pride celebrations take place in many countries in honour of the stonewall riots .
1	july was renamed for julius caesar , who was born in that month .
1	july starts on the same day of the week as april every year , and january in leap years .
1	the birthstone for july is a red ruby .
1	it is thought the portuguese traders were the first to bring the word to europe .
1	this act brought the united states into world war ii .
1	today baseball is the most popular spectator sport in the country .
1	the planet jupiter has been known since ancient times .
1	the romans named the planet after the roman god jupiter .
1	it is the largest planet in the solar system , having a diameter of 142,984 km at its equator .
1	these are sub-divided into lighter-hued zones and darker belts .
1	wind speeds of 100 m/s ( 360 km/h ) are common in zonal jets .
1	these electrical discharges can be up to a thousand times as powerful as lightning on the earth .
1	the moon was later named amalthea .
1	it was the last of jupiter 's 63 moons to be discovered by human observation through a telescope .
1	however , since ulysses has no cameras , no images were taken .
1	one called jimo ( jupiter icy moons orbiter ) was cancelled in 2006 because it cost too much money .
1	jupiter has 63 named natural satellites .
1	ganymede , the largest of these moons , has a diameter greater than that of the planet mercury .
1	jupiter receives the most frequent comet impacts of the solar system 's planets .
1	geography kauai 's origins are volcanic .
1	other items have washed down gullies and still others lie beneath the waters offshore .
1	on 28 march 1981 , the entire island was added to the national register of historic places .
1	the turnover officially occurred on november 11 , 2003 , but the cleanup has not yet been completed .
1	commercial uses are prohibited .
1	in some areas , non-native plants will temporarily stabilize soils before planting of permanent native species .
1	earth is the only planet in the universe known to harbour life .
1	civil law is the legal system used in most countries around the world today .
1	the history of law is closely connected to the development of human civilisations .
1	most executives in both systems are responsible for foreign relations , the military and police , and the bureaucracy .
1	zamenhof was born on december 15 , 1859 in the town of bia .
1	when he later studied english , he decided that the international language must have a simpler grammar .
1	it is also known as the pineapple island because of its past as an island-wide pineapple plantation .
1	it has a leap year every four years .
1	its birth flower is the lily of the valley and the crataegus monogyna .
1	the second sunday in may is mother 's day in the united states , canada and australia .
1	the word derives from greek word mousike , `` ( art ) of the muses '' .
1	joseph haydn and wolfgang amadeus mozart are among the central figures of the classical period .
1	madrid is one of europe 's largest financial centres and the largest in spain .
1	summer and winter are the driest seasons , with most rainfall occurring in the autumn and spring .
1	madrid is considered one of the top european destinations concerning art museums .
1	montreal is the second-largest city in canada and the largest city in the province of quebec .
1	the two major industries on maui are agriculture and tourism .
1	the largest town on the island is kaunakakai , which is one of two small ports on the island .
1	molokai is noted for the numerous hawaiian fish ponds along its south shore .
1	muslims are the majority in 57 countries , they speak about 60 languages and come from diverse ethnic backgrounds .
1	muslim women often dress extremely modestly , and many do so by choice .
1	islamic economics bans interest or riba ( usury ) but in most muslim countries western banking is allowed .
1	many people in islamic countries also see islam manifested politically as islamism .
1	islamic parties in turkey , pakistan and algeria have taken power at the provincial level .
1	the different universes within the multiverse are sometimes called parallel universes .
1	the specific term `` multiverse '' was coined in 1895 by psychologist william james .
1	the hair that grows on the upper lip of some men is called a mustache .
1	on average it is about 6,076 feet ( about 1852 meters or 1.15 statute miles ) .
1	in the si ( system of units ) , mass is measured in kilograms , kg .
1	mercury is the innermost and smallest planet in the solar system , orbiting the sun once every 87.969 days .
1	it is an exceptionally dense planet due to the large relative size of its core .
1	recorded observations of mercury date back to at least the first millennium bc .
1	the astronomical symbol for mercury is a stylized version of hermes ' caduceus .
1	it is the smallest planet in the solar system , with an equatorial radius of 2,439.7 km .
1	mercury consists of approximately 70 % metallic and 30 % silicate material .
1	mars is the fourth planet from the sun in the solar system .
1	mars also has the largest dust storms in our solar system .
1	mars has two moons , phobos and deimos , which are small and irregularly shaped .
1	mars 's axial tilt is 25.19 degrees , which is similar to the axial tilt of the earth .
1	the lens is usually mounted in a frame with a handle ( see image ) .
1	moral reasoning is a study in psychology that overlaps with moral philosophy .
1	prominent contributors to theory include lawrence kohlberg and elliot turiel .
1	muslims often refer to the mosque by its arabic name , masjid .
1	mosques originated on the arabian peninsula , but are now found in all inhabited continents .
1	many mosques have elaborate domes , minarets , and prayer halls .
1	many forms of mosques have evolved in different regions of the islamic world .
1	notable mosque types include the early abbasid mosques , t-type mosques , and the central-dome mosques of anatolia .
1	these mosques have square or rectangular plans with an enclosed courtyard and covered prayer hall .
1	arab-plan or hypostyle mosques are the earliest type of mosques , pioneered under the umayyad dynasty .
1	frequently , hypostyle mosques have outer arcades so that visitors can enjoy the shade .
1	the ottomans introduced central dome mosques in the fifteenth century .
1	iwan mosques are most notable for their domed chambers and iwans , vaulted spaces opening out at one end .
1	in iwan mosques , one or more iwans face a central courtyard that serves as the prayer hall .
1	the style represents a borrowing from pre-islamic iranian architecture and has been used almost exclusively for mosques in iran .
1	the tallest minaret in the world is located at the hassan ii mosque in casablanca , morocco .
1	congregants pray in rows parallel to the qiblah wall and thus arrange themselves so they face mecca .
1	however , worshippers at much smaller mosques often have to use restrooms to perform their ablutions .
1	in traditional mosques , this function is often elaborated into a freestanding building in the center of a courtyard .
1	shoes must not be worn inside the carpeted prayer hall .
1	all adult muslims , with exceptions for the infirm , are required to offer salat prayers five times daily .
1	most mosques will organise a formal time of prayer for each of the daily timeslots .
1	while daily prayers can be performed anywhere , it is required to attend friday prayers at the mosque .
1	the mosque is the centre of the islamic community , illustrating the idea of brotherhood and iman .
1	ramadan events islam 's holiest month , ramadan , is observed through many events .
1	following the last obligatory daily prayer ( isha ) special , optional tarawih prayers are offered in larger mosques .
1	on that night , between sunset and sunrise , mosques employ speakers to educate congregants in attendance about islam .
1	mosques or the community usually provide meals periodically throughout the night .
1	the late twentieth century saw an increase in the number of mosques used for political purposes .
1	babri mosque was the subject of such a conflict up until the early 1990s when it was demolished .
1	a february 2006 bombing that seriously damaged iraq 's al-askari mosque , exacerbated tensions that had already existed .
1	in april 2006 , two explosions occurred at india 's jama masjid .
1	following the september 11 attacks , several american mosques were targeted in attacks ranging from simple vandalism to arson .
1	similar attacks occurred throughout the united kingdom following the 7 july 2005 london bombings .
1	the permanent prayer leader ( imam ) must be a free honest man and is authoritative in religious matters .
1	muslim scholars agree to the leader appointed for five daily services may lead the friday service as well .
1	all muslim authorities hold the consensus opinion that only men may lead prayer for men .
1	nevertheless women prayer leaders are allowed to lead prayer in front of all-female congregations .
1	all mosques have rules regarding cleanliness , as it is an essential part of the worshipper 's experience .
1	it is forbidden to wear shoes in the carpeted area of the prayer hall .
1	it is also undesirable to come to the mosque after eating something that smells , such as garlic .
1	dress islam requires that its adherents wear clothes that portray modesty .
1	in addition , it is disrespectful to walk in front of or otherwise disturb muslims in prayer .
1	in many mosques , even the carpeted prayer area has no designs , its plainness helping worshippers to focus .
1	although there are sections exclusively for women and children , the grand mosque in mecca is desegregated .
1	with few exceptions , mosques in the arabian peninsula as well as morocco do not allow entry to non-muslims .
1	all entrants regardless of religious affiliation are expected to respect the rules and decorum for mosques .
1	in modern turkey non-muslim tourists are allowed to enter any mosque , but there are some strict rules .
1	in most cities of morocco , jews were required to remove their shoes when passing by a mosque .
1	integers negative numbers are numbers that are less than zero .
1	november starts on the same day of the week as february in common years , and march every year .
1	november 's flower is the chrysanthemum with its birthstone being the topaz .
1	the united states and puerto rico observe thanksgiving on the fourth thursday in november .
1	there is a small navy installation on the island .
1	they support themselves largely by subsistence fishing and farming and welfare , langlas , charles and kehaulani shintani .
1	the native hawaiians lead a rural , low-tech life .
1	niihau is the only hawaiian island where the hawaiian language is spoken as a primary language ; .
1	niihau is also referred to as the `` mystery island , '' or the `` distant isle . ''
1	known as the `` forbidden isle , '' niihau lies across the kaulakahi channel , southwest of kauai .
1	the sale of shells and shell jewelry is an additional source of income .
1	the hawaiian goose or nēnē is a species of goose endemic to the hawaiian islands .
1	the nēnē gets its hawaiian name from its soft call .
1	this is the world 's rarest goose .
1	nauru is a small , oval-shaped island in the western pacific ocean .
1	this is most commonly observed when a wave passes from one medium to another .
1	it shows a sailing boat at the coast in the middle , representing the fishing and salt industries .
1	ulan bator , the capital and largest city , is home to about 38 % of the population .
1	his best friend , patrick star , has been given a page on facebook as well .
1	it was created on 1942 with the name san rafael .
1	their skin is smooth and usually dark-matte , but some species have colorful skins .
1	cholera hit the city in 1835 , and fire destroyed large parts of nicosia in 1857 .
1	he later taught theology and philosophy at the university of oviedo , where he earned a professorship in theology .
1	it is 250 miles ( 400 km ) wide and flows to the east .
1	antemus is thought to derive directly from potwarmus , which has a more primitive tooth pattern .
1	eventually they married at the mission inn in riverside , california on june 21 , 1940 .
1	boogeyman executed a falling chokebomb on booker and pinned him to get the victory .
1	face ( 1997 ) is a british crime drama directed by antonia bird and written by ronan bennett .
1	in all , the fire burned , but is 100 % contained .
1	bremer also wrote a book about his experiences in iraq , published january 2006 .
1	by 1932 , all major league baseball teams had numbers on their players ' uniforms .
1	jinnah was the eldest of seven children born to mithibai and jinnahbhai poonja .
1	the fruit of capsicum plants have a variety of names depending on place and type .
1	mount erebus and mount terror are named after two ships from his expedition : hms erebus and terror .
1	the season officially began on june 1 , 2006 , and lasted until november 30 .
1	the term comes from the trojan horse story in greek mythology .
1	communication protocols between the cache managers which keep the data consistent are known as coherency protocols .
1	the game was developed by infinity ward and published by activision .
1	a tropical wave moved westward offshore the coast of africa .
1	in 2006 , there were approximately 116,011,000 households in the united states .
1	at the top level england is divided into nine regions each containing one or more county-level entities .
1	most national and international university rankings place tsinghua as one of the best universities in china .
1	or , alternately , she killed lamia 's children and the grief turned her into a monster .
1	the present parliament building , the alþingishús , was built in 1881 , of hewn icelandic stone .
1	biography julián padrón was born in san antonio de maturín , monagas state , on 8 september , 1910 .
1	warner posted three relatively mediocre performances before injuring his groin and being replaced by former starter josh mccown .
1	the album brought more rock and pop influences to nickel creek , just as this side did .
1	the population which was 3500 in 1880 reached 126,000 in 1939 .
1	overall , the climate is warm and humid , and heavily influenced by warm sea currents .
1	as a result , jesuits became financial partners with poutrincourt , although this caused division within the community .
1	such arrangements are rare and poorly understood , but represent an interesting alternative construction .
1	it is the only philip k. dick novel nominated for both a hugo and for a nebula award .
1	barbaree , h. c. , & seto , m. c. ( 1997 ) .
1	the spongy tissue fills with blood , from arteries down the length of the penis .
1	formerly a headquarters for whaling fleets , the coastal towns of vestfold now engage in fishing and shipbuilding .
1	universal serial bus ( usb ) is a serial bus standard to connect devices to a host computer .
1	mac os x v10.5 `` leopard '' was released on october 26 , 2007 .
1	the yerba mate plant is a shrub or small tree growing up to 15 meters tall .
1	mcritchie ( braden williams ) - ever so stereotypical , mcritchie is a manly stud .
1	alphonso 23/24 nov. 1273 19 aug. 1284 buried at westminster abbey .
1	origin of name the two chinese characters in the name `` xi'an '' literally mean western peace .
1	the famous florentine sculptor and architect , arnolfo di cambio , was then also working in rome .
1	therefore , isotopes of the same element have different mass numbers ( number of nucleons ) .
1	nicolò amati ( december 3 , 1596 april 12 , 1684 ) was the son of girolamo amati .
1	founded by sir thomas stamford raffles in june 1823 , raffles institution is the oldest school in singapore .
1	a zookeeper is a worker in a zoo , responsible for the feeding and daily care of the animals .
1	a ball that is hit under the bar is called a goal and is worth three points .
1	however , no peace treaty has been signed to date , technically leaving north and south korea at war .
1	the three main camps were auschwitz i , ii , and iii .
1	life alexei was born on 12 august 1904 ( 30 july , o.s . ) in peterhof .
1	there are over 90 flavors worldwide , however most of them are only available in certain countries .
1	artikel 5 article 5 this law takes effect with the day of its proclamation .
1	at backlash , michaels suffered a loss when the spirit squad interfered on behalf of the mcmahons .
1	its capital is baton rouge and largest city is new orleans .
1	born into a musical family , he was a child prodigy .
1	the company continued its activity under the name `` vacheron & constantin '' .
1	there are 676 individually dated entries beginning in september 1939 through may 1945 .
1	the nicobars include 22 islands of various sizes , the largest being great nicobar .
1	in beichuan county , 80 % of the buildings collapsed according to xinhua news .
1	river was a child prodigy , whose brain was subjected to experiments .
1	evil genius is a novel written by catherine jinks and published in 2005 by allen & unwin , australia .
1	they have been created for the purposes of local government in england .
1	abalone may only be taken using breath-hold techniques or shorepicking ; scuba diving for abalone is strictly prohibited .
1	like its sister project wikipedia , wiktionary is run by the wikimedia foundation .
1	reagan was first lady of california during her husband 's two terms as governor .
1	the planet is named after venus , the roman goddess of love .
1	homo neanderthalensis h. neanderthalensis lived from about 250,000 to as recent as 30,000 years ago .
1	dolley spent her teenage years in philadelphia , and attended salem academy in winston-salem , north carolina .
1	pasteurella pestis , the organism was renamed in 1967 .
1	californium ( ) is a metallic chemical element with the symbol cf and atomic number 98 .
1	it is niger 's largest city , lying on the niger river , mostly on the east bank .
1	it includes all of the super mario bros. games released for the nintendo entertainment system and famicom .
1	blake hall first served september 25 , 1949 ; closed : october 31 , 1981 .
1	israeli special forces storm the bus , freeing the hostages ( 1 hostage , 2 hijackers killed ) .
1	the girl walks through the woods to deliver food to her sick grandmother .
1	a simple example of this is a single loop of wire with some constant current flowing through it .
1	olfactory system olfactory epithelium in vertebrates smells are sensed by olfactory sensory neurons in the olfactory epithelium .
1	caesium or cesium ( ) is the chemical element with the symbol cs and atomic number 55 .
1	francisco guerrero , the second and current incarnation of el gato negro , is agustin 's grandson .
1	germanium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol ge and atomic number 32 .
1	the portuguese started arriving in the 1750s , mainly from the azores islands , and colonized the coast .
1	the second part of the double album , hypnotize , was released on november 22 , 2005 .
1	thompson recorded three shutouts in the five playoff games , and gave only three goals .
1	this is the thinner of the two main variations .
1	akershus is the second largest county by population after oslo , with more than half a million inhabitants .
1	in fact , their feet have extremely elongated tarsus bones , from which the animals get their name .
1	formerly a district called bakerganj , it is now one of the 6 divisions of bangladesh .
1	the letter was never published and was concealed until re-discovered in 1930 .
1	the tenth match was a playboy pillow fight between torrie wilson and candice michelle .
1	michaels then hit mcmahon with sweet chin music and pinned mcmahon to win the match .
1	rhenium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol re and atomic number 75 .
1	a half year later neville is living in london near mr. grewgious 's office .
1	after signing with reprise , the band went to work on recording its major label debut , dookie .
1	the east of england is one of the nine official regions of england .
1	residential building codes will typically allow for steeper stairs than public building codes .
1	compound eyes are common in arthropods , and are also present in annelids and some bivalved molluscs .
1	abbey died in 1989 at the age of 62 at his home in tucson , arizona .
1	it has a short dark bill , short wings and a long tail .
1	their son , béla ii , was born in 1910 .
1	his shakespeare opera , a midsummer night 's dream , followed in 1960 .
1	similar appendages which are flat and do not come to a sharp point are called nails instead .
1	he worked at a number of different jobs , including librarian , businessman , teacher , journalist and editor .
1	dürer died in nuremberg at the age of 56 , leaving an estate valued at 6,874 florins—a considerable sum .
1	as they mature , their leaves change from pink-tinted to green , and eventually they begin bearing fruit .
1	needham ( 1986 ) , volume 4 , part 2 , 88 89 .
1	letter from jefferson to madison of november 26 , 1799 , quoted in koch and ammon , 170 .
1	o lord , have mercy upon us : have mercy upon us .
1	school organizations student union the student union was established in november 1994 .
1	he went out in the second round at both the french open and wimbledon .
1	the manuscript of john aubrey and his friends was completed during may 1946 .
1	this was the first release version to be called pidgin , and contained a completely new graphics design .
1	just ella is a book written by margaret peterson haddix and published in 1999 .
1	multiple tornadoes produced by the same storm are referred to as a tornado family .
1	salamandridae is a family of salamanders consisting of true salamanders and newts .
1	thus , mariano was raised by his grandfather , a cabinet-maker who taught him to make wax figurines .
1	they are restricted to southern and western south america , often in association with the andes .
1	for example , the 1989 year of the snake began on february 6 , 1989 .
1	presently they skirted its shores south-westerly and came to what is now corio bay near geelong .
1	die hard is a 1988 action film and the first in the die hard film series .
1	secondary explosives , also called base explosives , are relatively insensitive to shock , friction , and heat .
1	these are divided into 17 regions , 80 provinces , 120 cities , 1,511 municipalities , and 42,008 barangays .
1	see special : listusers/rollbacker for a list of users in this group .
1	his mother was an actress who worked in the theatre of vsevolod meyerhold .
1	a life for the tsar was the first of glinka 's two great operas .
1	german immigration was very low , until the 1850s , when waves of germans started arriving in southern brazil .
1	some of the first inhabitants of gili trawangan were from sulawesi who are fishermen and farmers .
1	mario is most often plumbing during the animated series .
1	since 1991 , coins of denominations of 5 , 10 and 25 pesos have been introduced .
1	it was in saint-brieuc that he met helen sherburn , whom he married on 3 january 1960 .
1	in 1906 he was elected to dublin corporation , and retained the seat until 1924 .
1	in early 1506 , he returned to venice and stayed there until the spring of 1507 .
1	more stores were started , and in 1938 , the company incorporated into hyde & vredenburg , inc .
1	early life born in london , she was the only foreign-born first lady .
1	his political involvement increased , and his partner defert joined the ultra-maoist gauche proletarienne ( gp ) .
1	the most common isotope of hydrogen has no neutrons at all .
1	el paso is a village in the potaro-siparuni region of guyana , to the west of tumatumari landing .
1	on march 18 , 1811 , the town was formally incorporated as a borough .
1	further , a hot spare can be shared by multiple raid sets .
1	oslo is destroyed by fire : when rebuilt by christian iv , it will be renamed christiania .
1	the capital of alabama is montgomery , and the largest city by population is birmingham .
1	the population was 11,461 at the 2000 census .
1	summer glau as river tam : river is a seventeen-year old psychic genius .
1	it is a migratory insectivorous species breeding in forest and scrub in europe and south-west asia .
1	theatre the `` nationaltheater mannheim '' was founded in 1779 and is the oldest `` stage '' in germany .
1	there are three levels of nuts defined , with two levels of local administrative units ( laus ) below .
1	personal life on december 8 , 2007 dorough married his longtime girlfriend leigh boniello .
1	the house of bourbon is an important european royal house , a branch of the capetian dynasty .
1	ongar first served september 25 , 1949 ; closed september 30 , 1994 .
1	wikipedia contains many different images , some of which are considered objectionable or offensive by some readers .
1	rows of pointed arches upon delicate shafts form a typical wall decoration known as blind arcading .
1	an eclipse is an astronomical event that occurs when one celestial object moves into the shadow of another .
1	in the final season , the team moves to the evil law firm , wolfram & hart .
1	his father was the general manager of an engineering firm and later served with various ministries .
1	in his early life , he was a civil servant , and an aide to the byzantine emperor heraclius .
1	the first issue was released on march 14 , 2007 by dark horse comics .
1	the line `` kameraden , die rotfront und reaktion erschossen '' is bad german .
1	a , molecular & integrative physiology 136:851–865 after hatching , young echidnas are known as puggles .
1	new girl in town – book by george abbott , music and lyrics by bob merrill .
1	the world 's first quarantine station is built in venice to quarantine against the black death .
1	on combustion the carbon goes into the atmosphere as carbon dioxide ( co2 ) .
1	public transport the terminus of the cranbourne railway line is at cranbourne railway station .
1	other accounts suggest she was born in the village of payne 's tavern in person county , north carolina .
1	it is located in the district oberfranken and forms the geological connection between the fichtelgebirge and the thuringian forest .
1	john huang served 500 hours of community service and paid a $ 10,000 fine .
1	geography belgian limburg is crossed by the albert canal , and has historically been a major coal-mining area .
1	praia also has a fishing industry and there are resort beaches nearby .
1	it is the state capital of rio de janeiro .
1	march march 16 united states military academy of west point is established .
1	one faction proclaimed ali mahdi muhammad president , another mohamed farrah aidid .
1	methods of romanization include transliteration , representing written text , and transcription , representing the spoken word .
1	president george w. bush concurred , and ordered federal aid to supplement state and local response efforts .
1	history a tiny fishing town until 1958 , nouakchott was mentioned little during pre-colonial and colonial history .
1	batista won the match by pinning umaga after a batista bomb .
1	each canton has its own constitution , legislature , government and courts .
1	ejaculation is the ejecting of semen from the penis , and is usually accompanied by orgasm .
1	tellurium ( ) is a chemical element that has the symbol te and atomic number 52 .
1	basque is written using the latin alphabet including ñ and sometimes ç and ü .
1	a goal is worth 6 points whereas a behind is worth 1 point .
1	he is the author of some books three of which on the armenian theme .
1	in 1919 she bore jinnah his only child , daughter dina jinnah .
1	they are constructed to allow movement and provide mechanical support , and are classified structurally and functionally .
1	naming current names ununpentium is historically known as eka-bismuth .
1	allergic reactions there are two forms of banana allergy .
1	buzz buzz is later killed by pokey 's mom , who mistakes buzz buzz for a dung beetle .
1	o lord , let thy mercy lighten upon us : as our trust is in thee .
1	san pedro de macorís is a province of the dominican republic , also the name of its capital city .
1	the capital city of overijssel is zwolle and the largest city is enschede .
1	thucydides , his contemporary historian , acclaimed him as `` the first citizen of athens '' .
1	from as early as 1346 ships were being built at wearmouth , by a merchant named thomas menville .
1	from 1929 , chongqing became a municipality of the republic of china .
1	firefly premiered in the united states and canada on the fox network on september 20 , 2002 .
1	infection with p. vivax , p. ovale or p. malariae can often be treated on an outpatient basis .
1	in 1984 , her parents divorced and she was brought up by her mother on the upper east side .
1	there are 19,915 housing units at an average density of 6,007.2/km2 ( 15,610.7/mi2 ) .
1	angel was a spin-off of buffy the vampire slayer , featuring buffy 's vampire-with-a-soul boyfriend as the title character .
1	a country is usually assigned new iso 3166-1 codes if it changes its name or its territorial boundaries .
1	it is directed by brett ratner , who took over when bryan singer dropped out to direct superman returns .
1	they are signed to virgin records palladium 's debut single `` happy hour '' was released in july 2007 .
1	x makes the product x & times ; v into a `` trivial '' vector bundle .
1	royal palace of madrid ( ) is the official residence of the king of spain , located in madrid .
1	the city has also a university , the islamic azad university of mahabad .
1	the castle grounds include a huge park with a swan lake , open to the public .
1	in roman mythology , neptune was the god of the sea , identified with the greek poseidon .
1	it enjoyed a very high rating of 30.8 % and features music by cagnet .
1	he became famous very quickly and was one of the foremost marathon runners of his time .
1	the states of the old northwest are also known as `` great lakes states '' .
1	godavari , krishna , tungabhadra and kaveri rivers are important non-perennial sources of water .
1	its four largest cities are los angeles , san diego , san jose , and san francisco .
1	retro active has sold 3 million copies worldwide to date .
1	yermak begins the russian conquest of siberia with a band of 1,636 men .
1	he and his third wife , tomoko , have a son , ken , a classical singer and conductor .
1	one of the featured matches on the undercard was a casket match between the undertaker and mark henry .
1	nearly all models are the direct-gain type , consisting of flat panels in which water circulates .
1	the nobel peace prize of 1952 was awarded to dr albert schweitzer .
1	the area of castletown is made up of 99.3 % white , 0.4 % asian and 0.2 % mixed-race .
1	it was formed in 60 bc and lasted until crassus 's death in 53 bc .
1	moakes joined the band after answering an advert in nme magazine , while tong was picked via an audition .
1	the others were hms danae , hms dido , hms hermione and hms jupiter .
1	he ended up paying 20,000 euro to the austrian government and another 1,000 euro to the victim .
1	death in venice is an opera in two acts by benjamin britten , his last .
1	in 1914 nordström introduced an additional space dimension to his theory , which simultaneously described gravity and electromagnetism .
1	nudity has been used in photography since the invention of photography itself .
1	no damage or casualties were reported , and no ships or land stations recorded tropical storm-force winds .
1	despina , in disguise as a notary , presents the marriage contract , which all sign .
1	this family contains more than 35,000 described species of plant-eating beetles .
1	in 1634 , the colony was divided into the original eight shires of virginia , soon renamed as counties .
1	he dedicated himself to reestablishing the social democratic party , and he became chairman of the laubach branch .
1	the total number of spanish speakers is more than 395 million people .
1	evidence for population decline beginning around the 6th century lends some support to the internal unrest hypothesis .
1	friedland , martin l. the university of toronto : a history .
1	saint-denis was founded by étienne régnault in 1669 and became the capital of réunion island in 1738 .
1	at 0°c ( 273.15 k , 32°f ) brine can only hold 26.3 % salt .
1	tallinn became the capital of an independent estonia .
1	two balls that are charged with a rubbed amber rod also repel each other .
1	the state 's capital is lincoln and its largest city is omaha .
1	gothic is an extinct germanic language that was spoken by the goths .
1	his father died on 19 january 1905 , and he began receiving monthly payments as part of his inheritance .
1	duke aleksandr was born as an armenian aristocrat , who belonged to the russian nobility .
1	adrian i ( 772 795 ) : 23 years , 10 months and 25 days ( 8,729 days ) .
1	accomptant was derived from the french compter , itself originating from the latin computare .
1	indeed , pope john paul ii called escrivá `` the saint of ordinary life '' .
1	with a declining birthrate and population , labor was the key factor of production .
1	ferdinand iii , holy roman emperor ( 1637 - 1657 ) .
1	a collection of mother and earthbound was released in japan under the title mother 1 + 2 .
1	near pharwala fort it cuts through a high mountain range , a wonderful natural phenomenon called swan cut .
1	the eastern ridges and lowlands region in the southeast is home to many of wisconsin 's largest cities .
1	it was sold to sweden in 1784 , which sold it back to france in 1878 .
1	it is composed of three even more fundamental particles comprising two up quarks and one down quark .
1	the roe is in a single cohesive mass and so looks like a piece of fish .
1	liberty is a city in clay county , missouri and is a suburb of kansas city , missouri .
1	lolita , and he would live there for the rest of his life .
1	the larger cities ( bern , zürich and basel ) are predominantly protestant .
1	festival in gøta in july and summarfestivalurin in klaksvík in august .
1	joachim von ribbentrop g g g g death ambassador-plenipotentiary 1935-1936 .
1	june january 22 a coup d'état is staged in the netherlands ( batavian republic ) .
1	australopithecus afarensis is an extinct hominid which lived between 3.9 and 2.9 million years ago .
1	says record shows lincoln a baptist '' new york times ( october 31 , 1921 .
1	paolo morachiello , fra angelico : the san marco frescoes .
1	it is currently at version 1.341 and developed by independent finnish programmer ville mönkkönen .
1	on november 4 , 2008 , obama was elected president and biden vice president of the united states .
1	the yowa era , marked by famine , begins in japan .
1	establishments engaged in sexual slavery are the highest priority targets of law enforcement actions against prostitution .
1	priscilla died in march 1949 ; cabell remarried in june 1950 to margaret waller freeman .
1	the northern section was completed on 30 september 1979 and opened on 1 october 1979 .
1	the movement is named for the abbey of cluny in burgundy , where it started within the benedictine order .
1	national action party ( partido acción nacional , pan ) : a center-right conservative party founded in 1939 .
1	image raid 0 `` striped set without parity '' or `` striping '' .
1	quarter final to dallas , 4–0 2000 edmonton oilers 88 points 8 7 lost western conf .
1	finland 's program has four nuclear reactors , which provides 27 % of the country 's electricity .
1	she was married to the president 's son , abraham van buren .
1	the league changed its name to the australian football league ( afl ) following the 1989 season .
1	soon after its release in japan , the ps3 was released in north america on november 17 , 2006 .
1	june january 1 charles ii is crowned king of scotland in scone ( this is his first crowning ) .
1	other sports volleyball , basketball and tennis are other major sports .
1	alan tudyk as hoban `` wash '' washburne : the pilot of the ship , and zoe 's husband .
1	the city also hosts several specialist hi-tech fairs every year , attracting experts from every corner of the globe .
1	allentown was formally incorporated as a city on march 12 , 1867 .
1	alba appeared in two national television commercials for nintendo and j.c. penney as a child .
1	shortstop , abbreviated ss , is the baseball fielding position between second and third base .
1	over the centuries , sunderland grew as a port , trading coal and salt .
1	itajaí is located on the base baixo vale do itajaí , and to its coast , the atlantic ocean .
1	turkey 's exports amounted to $ 141.8 billion in 2008 , while imports amounted to $ 204.8 billion .
1	st. leo i ( 440 461 ) : 21 years , 1 month , and 13 days .
1	some are omnivores , eating both plants and animals .
1	she began acting at age five or six in a little caesars commercial , brenda song .
1	vince then announced that he and michaels would face off against each other at wrestlemania .
1	because of their reckless behavior , charizard are also known to unintentionally cause wildfires .
1	the programming is broken into four sections and features classic shows , matches , and highlighting past wrestlers .
1	san josé ( , ) is the capital and largest city of costa rica .
1	they play their home games at portman road in ipswich .
1	with martina hingis as her partner , she won grand slam titles in australia in 1999 and 2002 .
1	lefebvre entered the école nationale supérieure des beaux-arts in 1852 and was a pupil of léon cogniet .
1	the event also featured the return of the undertaker , who defeated kane after a tombstone piledriver .
1	may 22 , 1802 ) was the wife of george washington , the first president of the united states .
1	atv is a nationwide tv channel in turkey , founded in 1993 .
1	weissbecker was shot dead and roll was eventually arrested .
1	salivary duct calculus may cause blockage of the ducts , causing pain and swelling of the gland .
1	it has an object-oriented syntax based on c++ .
1	western australia , queensland and the northern territory do not observe daylight saving .
1	tv presenter michael underwood lives in the town and attended what is now weston favell school .
1	pope clement ii is buried in the bamberg cathedral .
1	today a great number of small and middle-sized businesses dominate the economy .
1	the hanna-barbera version has never pleased either of us ... a travesty ... '' deitch , gene .
1	the word is a portmanteau of television and evangelism and was coined by time magazine .
1	neuroscience letters 283:49–52 ashwell , k.w.s. , hardman , c.d. , and paxinos , g. 2004 .
1	for forty days after the resurrection , jesus continued to teach his followers .
1	the name silicosis ( from the latin silex or flint ) was attributed to visconti in 1870 .
1	on 23 may 1979 , carstens was elected as the fifth president of the federal republic of germany .
1	he and the intergovernmental panel on climate change were jointly awarded the nobel peace prize in 2007 .
1	after wrestlemania , shawn michaels continued to feud with vince mcmahon .
1	voyager 2 studied neptune 's atmosphere , neptune 's rings , its magnetosphere , and neptune 's moons .
1	within the webbing are two pouches wherein the tactile velar filaments are concealed .
1	it became a tropical storm the next day and a hurricane on august 27 .
1	lesnar then executed the f-5 maneuver on goldberg , but also resulted in a two-count pin attempt .
1	it is the largest indoor amusement park in the world and features 24 rides and attractions .
1	arthur 's success has also lead to the spin-off series , postcards from buster .
1	the neue zürcher zeitung ( nzz ) is a major german language swiss daily newspaper based in zürich .
1	the first boutique in geneva was opened by vacheron constantin in 1906 .
1	women 's ncaa college basketball uses a 30 second shot clock .
1	the hurricane attained category 5 status in the central caribbean sea .
1	classification bambara belongs to a group of closely-related languages called manding , within the larger mandé group .
1	since june 2001 he has served as governing mayor ( ) of berlin .
1	the number of words per sentence and the percentage of unfamiliar words determine the reading age .
1	mark allan hoppus ( born march 15 , 1972 ) is an american musician and record producer .
1	throughout his career , shaw would take sabbaticals , quitting the music business .
1	mary i of scotland is defeated at carberry hill by the scottish nobles , and imprisoned in lochleven castle .
1	he became deputy mayor , first town councilman , and chairman of the regional branch of the social democratics .
1	triple h insisted that evolution stick together and accompanied dave anyway , saving him from the oncoming vehicle .
1	petroleum was discovered off the coast of the city in the 1990s , and has become an important export .
1	they need clean small brooks in their habitat for the development of the larvae .
1	those containing triple bonds are called alkynes , with general formula cnh2n-2 .
1	saint david 's day march 17 saint patrick 's day .
1	formula one portal the 2006 formula one season was the 57th fia formula one world championship season .
1	the lord wilmington , kb , pc ( 1728-1730 ) the rt .
1	the traditional tamil performing arts have ancient roots .
1	u.s. involvement in the vietnam war ends with the signing of the paris peace accords .
1	ruthenium ( ) is a chemical element that has the symbol ru and atomic number 44 .
1	shimla incidentally is a popular hill-station in india ( and `` mirch '' means chilli in local languages ) .
1	the route from tsim sha tsui station to shek kip mei station opened in december 1979 .
1	it is one of the official languages of finland and an official minority language in sweden .
1	an optical printer is a device consisting of one or more film projectors mechanically linked to a movie camera .
1	tendons and muscles work together and can only exert a pulling force .
1	often a battery is protecting the write cache , mostly solving the problem .
1	suwanee is a city in gwinnett county , georgia .
1	she loves me – book by joe masteroff , music by jerry bock , lyrics by sheldon harnick .
1	the armenian air defense is the anti-aircraft branch of the armed forces of armenia .
1	avalanches may be triggered on many slopes even if only light loads [ 2 ] are applied .
1	despite his successes , pier could not turn the burgundian/habsburg tide and he retired , disillusioned , in 1519 .
1	henshaw , stanley k. , singh , susheela , & haas , taylor .
1	her gold medal was the only medal for japan at the 2006 winter olympics .
1	tantalum ( ) ( formerly tantalium ) is a chemical element with the symbol ta and atomic number 73 .
1	her favourite brother , edwin , was killed near ypres in 1916 .
1	tatami were gradually popularized and finally reached the homes of commoners toward the end of the 17th century .
1	catch me if you can was the eleventh highest grossing film of 2002 .
1	he is a catholic saint , known also as trojan and troyen ; his feast day is november 30 .
1	there were 149 housing units at an average density of 355.7/sq mi ( 137.0/km² ) .
1	the scene involving the fight with the hydra is loosely based on the second labor of hercules .
1	types of sushi the common ingredient across all the different kinds of sushi is sushi rice .
1	as evolution can produce highly optimized processes and networks , it has many applications in computer science .
1	the term `` gothic '' , when applied to architecture , has nothing to do with the historical goths .
1	in 1951 , he again became prime minister before finally retiring in 1955 .
1	events by place roman empire emona ( currently ljubljana ) is founded by legio xv apollinaris .
1	in 1801 , the family returned to salzburg , where weber resumed his studies with michael haydn .
1	the danube is joined by the prut river , which forms the border with the republic of moldova .
1	bassist gordon moakes joined after answering an advert in nme , and drummer matt tong joined after an audition .
1	in 1883 , fauré married marie fremiet , with whom he had two sons .
1	the district of yamoussoukro is the official capital city of côte d'ivoire .
1	in the early 1900s , a connection to the railroad network brought more people and industries to vaihingen .
1	griswold served as bishop of chicago from 1987 until he became presiding bishop in 1997 .
1	an earthquake in long beach , california kills 117 people .
1	stuart kicks mcclane off the plane , but not before mcclane manages to open the fuel hatch .
1	her father , thomas d'alesandro , jr. , was a u.s. congressman from maryland and a mayor of baltimore .
1	he named the species myrmecophaga aculeata , thinking it might be related to the south american anteater .
1	stuart is a city in martin county , florida , on florida 's treasure coast .
1	because it is composed of nine triangles , it is known as the navayoni chakra .
1	similarly , places that share names are organised alphabetically by country , then by ever-smaller political divisions .
1	serfdom reached eastern european countries later than western europe — it became dominant around the 15th century .
1	there were 94,416 housing units at an average density of 1,757.3/sq mi ( 678.5/km² ) .
1	external territories australia 's many external territories follow their own time zones .
1	two angles that sum to a straight angle ( 180° ) are called supplementary angles .
1	following the death of louis i of hungary and poland : louis ' daughter mary becomes queen of hungary .
1	he appeared in one game as goaltender in the 1940–41 season .
1	gardiner was named to the first all-star team , and won the vezina trophy for his first time .
1	boston : students for a democratic society , n.d. [ 1969 ] .
1	the champion played the red cards on top , while the challenger played the blue cards on the bottom .
1	the 15th century saw the construction of a chapel on the top , dedicated to the holy cross .
1	game play each team consists of six players .
1	trains on this route ran from shek kip mei station to kwun tong station .
1	biography piper was born in chattanooga , tennessee , to bill and ruth piper .
1	vesta is the only known intact asteroid that has been resurfaced in this manner .
1	in the original donkey kong games , however , mario is named `` jumpman '' and is a carpenter .
1	unesco collectively designated the major monuments and urban fabric of assisi as a world heritage site .
1	there is a separate list of u.s. state mottos and list of u.s. state nicknames .
1	the fish is around 12 % fat in its flesh and is a source of many vitamins .
1	prokofiev died at the age of 61 on 5 march 1953 : the same day as stalin .
1	fauset attended philadelphia high school for girls , and graduated the only black student .
1	the chorals were translated into what would be the first english performance anywhere in the world .
1	despite the case 's enduring lack of evidence , a few significant clues have arisen .
1	the cpu and hard drive frequently use a cache , as do web browsers and web servers .
1	grundmann was released four years later in 1976 .
1	some sexually transmitted hpv types may cause genital warts .
1	stu 70915 b , france concert for trumpet with orchestra .
1	michael brown served 150 hours of community service and paid a $ 5000 fine .
1	the school library was open since september 1982 .
1	it is observed on 11 november to recall the end of world war i on that date in 1918 .
1	refraction is the change in direction of a wave due to a change in its speed .
1	such stoppers can be made of glass or plastic .
1	the shell is internally divided into chambers , the chambered section being called the phragmocone .
1	needham ( 1986 ) , volume 4 , part 2 , 396 400 .
1	the bruins missed the playoffs for the first time in thompson 's career in the 1931–32 season .
1	in 1973 he was appointed ireland 's first european commissioner , serving until 1976 when he became president .
1	the baudelaire children are taken to their new guardian count olaf , who is a distant relative .
1	her father thomas apthorpe cooper was a successful stage actor and producer .
1	athelstan was the son of edward the elder , and grandson of alfred the great .
1	browsable linux ( and other operating system ) kernel source cross-reference .
1	it is the largest city of the country and main port , which borders the indian ocean .
1	the small and middle-sized businesses work in a wide range of areas .
1	the population density was 947.6 people per square mile ( 365.0/km² ) .
1	the leathery snout is covered in mechano- and thermoreceptors , which provide information about the surrounding environment .
1	it has continued as the capital of the republic of cameroon until the present day .
1	she was raised in hong kong and attended high school in birmingham , england .
1	mature adults have a pair of ear-like fins projecting from the lateral sides of the mantle .
1	it was founded in 1614 by sulejman pasha and became albania 's capital city in 1920 .
1	macdonald 's tenure in office spanned 18 years , making him the second longest serving prime minister of canada .
1	bounty reached tahiti on 26 october 1788 , after ten months at sea .
1	some elateriform larvae of click beetles are known as wireworms .
1	in 1932 the state was subdivided into two districts , detmold and lemgo .
1	the around the bay road race circumnavigates hamilton harbour or burlington bay .
1	he is a new zealand actor , director and writer , mostly on stage and television .
1	as flair was delivering chops to michaels ' chest , michaels hit a second sweet chin music .
1	such movies are called masala films , after the hindi word for a spice mixture .
1	the name was initially suggested by camille flammarion before 1975 amalthea was most commonly known simply as .
1	the joker of the group , sokka describes himself as `` meat-loving '' and `` sarcastic '' .
1	chun was initially sentenced to death , which was later commuted to a life sentence .
1	a year later he declares himself as emperor napoleon iii , ending the second republic .
1	rhodium is found in platinum ores and is used in alloys with platinum and as a catalyst .
1	reception a vulcan statue located in birmingham , alabama is the largest cast iron statue in the world .
1	h & m has more than 1,700 stores in 34 different countries and employ over 73,000 people .
1	the scissor-tailed flycatcher ( tyrannus forficatus ) is a long-tailed insect-eating bird closely related to the kingbirds .
1	malcolm barber , the new knighthood : a history of the order of the temple .
1	publicly , in february 1962 , the united states launched an economic embargo against cuba .
1	alice springs is the second largest city in the northern territory of australia .
1	the pc version 1.0 , subtitled recon , was first released on july 4 , 2002 .
1	the family had previously been canonized in 1981 by the russian orthodox church abroad as holy martyrs .
1	rinpoche attended catholic school in kalimpong , and then university in delhi before coming to the west .
1	with a surface area of , romania is the largest country in southeastern europe and the twelfth-largest in europe .
1	they won the fa cup in 1977–78 , and the uefa cup in 1980–81 .
1	the best-known method of prey capture is by means of sticky webs .
1	studies have shown that hot chocolate contains large amounts of antioxidants that may be beneficial to one 's health .
1	it flows south across the glacial plain of central wisconsin , passing wausau and stevens point .
1	zeus granted her wish , however aurora had failed to ask him for eternal youth .
1	two common quantifiers are the existential & exist ; and universal & forall ; quantifiers .
1	england in england county councils were introduced in 1889 , and reformed in 1974 .
1	most bryozoans live in marine environments , although there are about 50 species which inhabit freshwater .
1	monción is one of the three municipality ( municipio ) of the santiago rodríguez province in the dominican republic .
1	the council elects the mayor and appoints elders to govern the elderships .
1	about 25 % of cases are `` bulbar onset '' als .
1	america online announces an agreement to purchase time warner for $ 162 billion ( the largest-ever corporate merger ) .
1	in 1986 , part of kerman province was transferred to yazd province .
1	xia , jun . `` the knowledgeable and talented ai xin jue luo yuhuan '' .
1	it has black fur on its ears , eye patches , muzzle , legs , and shoulders .
1	it is a perennial herb , growing to 20-80 cm tall , with opposite leaves 1-4 cm long .
1	most victories in one single classic : 7 ( in milan-sanremo ) .
1	penis envy crass released their third album penis envy in 1981 .
1	eosinophilic pneumonia eosinophilic pneumonia is invasion of the lung by eosinophils , a particular kind of white blood cell .
1	wilmington is a city in and the county seat of new hanover county , north carolina , united states .
1	in march 1995 , linux 1.2.0 was released ( 310,950 lines of code ) .
1	only three months after retirement to their new home `` polk place '' in nashville , james polk died .
1	based on theravada buddhism , the cambodian new year is a major holiday that takes place in april .
1	edward ferrars — the elder of fanny dashwood 's two brothers .
1	the ephesians worshiped cybele , and incorporated many of their beliefs into the worship of artemis .
1	for official forecasts see : the nhc 's public advisory archive on hurricane jeanne .
1	the names of the earthly branches have no english counterparts and are not the chinese translations of the animals .
1	indium ( ) is a chemical element with chemical symbol in and atomic number 49 .
1	they are members of the pacific division of the western conference in the national basketball association ( nba ) .
1	rock painting was also performed on cliff faces , but fewer of those have survived because of erosion .
1	after graduating from excelsior high school in 1929 , pat ryan attended fullerton junior college .
1	she is also a member of the band kurobara hozonkai , with the name yuiel .
1	upon nearing baghdad , hulagu demanded surrender ; the caliph , al-musta'sim , refused .
1	it remained on the charts for three years and has sold 18 million copies worldwide .
1	leonardo 's mother , alessandra , died when he was nine years old .
1	garden city , new york : doubleday & co. , 1977 .
1	rainer küchl is a professor at the university of music and performing arts , vienna .
1	morena baccarin as inara serra : a companion who formerly rented one of serenity 's shuttles .
1	office space is a 1999 american comedy film written and directed by mike judge .
1	the first half was published in 1590 , and a second installment was published in 1596 .
1	that current is then sent through a cable to a guitar amplifier .
1	easter occurs on the latest possible date ( last time 1886 ; next time 2038 ) .
1	if you choose to sign this way , you should still type four tildes : -- anon ~~~~ .
1	this is the so-called `` time reversal effect '' of the doppler effect .
1	population the municipality has a total population of 49,841 : 17,025 men and 16,986 women .
1	june 1 *the 2006 atlantic hurricane season officially begins .
1	lanthanum ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol la and atomic number 57 .
1	isildur is later killed by orcs , and the ring is lost in the river anduin .
1	baseball shirts , pants , shoes , socks , caps , and glove are parts of baseball uniforms .
1	he practices martial arts and trains with his master , master mantis .
1	the injury is then loosely bandaged , but is not sutured due to risk of infection .
1	her father peter yorke , a sea captain and successful merchant , died in 1815 .
1	they are used to scoop tea from the tea caddy into the tea bowl .
1	at saturday night 's main event , michaels faced off against shane in a street fight .
1	vombatus hacketti macropus thor macropus piltonensis macropus rama simothenurus gilli warrendja wakefieldi a wombat from naracoorte .
1	the yowa era , marked by famine , ends in japan .
1	niacin is referred to as vitamin b3 because it was the third of the b vitamins to be discovered .
1	moody was replaced by terry balsamo from cold .
1	in 2002 , chase starred in the role of samara morgan in the feature film , the ring .
1	the voltaic pile , invented by alessandro volta in 1800 , was the first electric battery .
1	curium ( ) is a synthetic chemical element with the symbol cm and atomic number 96 .
1	one-dollar coins were introduced in 1984 , followed by two-dollar coins in 1988 .
1	he is angel 's father , and wants to rid his son of his mutant abilities .
1	fallen sold more than 15 million copies worldwide and helped the band win two grammy awards .
1	the capital moved in 1997 to astana from almaty , kazakhstan 's largest city .
1	here , 89.4 % are white , 7.8 % are asian and 1.3 % are mixed-race .
1	the sport is particularly popular in indigenous communities .
1	there are about 40 students in each class from form 1 to form 5 .
1	in the gregorian calendar , 303 of every 400 years are common years .
1	geo , the composer for the j-pop group sweetbox geo bogza , a romanian poet and essayist .
1	according to the 2002 census , the urban population is 1,183 and the rural population is 2,860 .
1	the base was renamed nellis air force base on april 30 , 1950 from las vegas air force base .
1	therefore the placement of the dots—before a word or after a word—will determine which symbol it is .
1	in 1997 , he was the first german to win the tour de france .
1	snow is an extremely rare event , which occurs once or twice in a century .
1	ottoman troops land on the island of malta , beginning the great siege of malta .
1	marcellina is with them , having informed susanna of figaro 's suspicions and plans .
1	pikmin 2 is the sequel to pikmin , also for the nintendo gamecube .
1	the imparja cup cricket carnival first was played in 1994 and attracts indigenous teams from all across australia .
1	there were 3,531 housing units at an average density of 598.4 per square mile ( 231.1/km² ) .
1	charizard has appeared many times throughout the super smash bros. ( series ) .
1	life bracey was born in byram , mississippi , and started playing at local dances and parties around 1917 .
1	the club competes in the premier league , being ever-present since the league was founded in 1992 .
1	it was made in 1979 and its initial price was $ 5 million .
1	since 1800 , the human population has increased from one billion to over six billion .
1	the family is not related to the new world orioles , which are icterids , family icteridae .
1	rohu is the main species of fish in this stream , and kingfisher birds hunt here too .
1	belize , formerly british honduras , is a country in central america .
1	sweden smoked and salted cod roe paste , commonly served as sandwich topping is popular in sweden .
1	control of london is given to earl aethelred who marries alfred 's sister ethelfleda .
1	state on the title page the name of the publisher of the modified version , as the publisher .
1	sometimes , the word `` bezirk '' is translated by `` district '' instead of county .
1	her father john donelson was the brother of rachel donelson jackson , the wife of the future president .
1	his first album i created disco was released on 29 june 2007 .
1	sir spencer compton , kb , mp ( 1725-1728 ) the rt .
1	if our senses gave us wrong information about our environment , we would soon be extinct .
1	akilathirattu was recorded on palm leaves until 1939 , when it was given printed form .
1	world war ii australians capture derna , libya from the italians .
1	another early building is fort são sebastião , built in 1575 and now the são tomé national museum .
1	auschwitz ii and the remains of the gas chambers there are also open to the public .
1	about 75 % of people experience `` limb onset '' als .
1	the wind shear began to slowly weaken , and dvorak classifications were initiated on the low on september 11 .
1	however most sponges use sexual reproduction , releasing sperm cells into the water .
1	unlike farmers , shepherds were often wage earners , being paid to watch the sheep of others .
1	unlike the northern hindustani music tradition , carnatic music is almost exclusively religious .
1	it is a synthetic element with the atomic number 43 and is given the symbol tc .
1	she developed an interest in japanese drama and began to teach herself japanese .
1	in north america , steaks are typically served grilled , though they are also often pan-fried .
1	ireland does not recognise them yet , while the estates of scotland declare king james vii of scotland deposed .
1	in such cases , the `` w '' sign in the previous paragraph is used for `` v '' .
1	in guam , the chamorro people make up about 60 % of the population .
1	he studied conducting with his father nikolai anosov at the moscow conservatory and piano with lev oborin .
1	he is artemis 's twin brother , and son of zeus .
1	hipparchus is considered the greatest ancient astronomical observer and , by some , the greatest overall astronomer of antiquity .
1	taiwan taoyuan international airport , which serves taipei , is located in this county .
1	darren middleton and ian haug both had children during this time and fanning married his girlfriend andrea .
1	the party returned on 18 december and wisely keeping more to the west had an easier journey .
1	the films were directed by peter jackson and distributed by new line cinema .
1	shortly thereafter , batista was drafted to the smackdown brand and their feud ended .
1	they have also been introduced to all continents except antarctica , and are serious pest animals .
1	the st. thomas christian encyclopaedia of india , ed .
1	the next year chris thile released his first solo album , leading off , featuring mostly original compositions .
1	tropical storm jose followed , forming in the bay of campeche on august 22 .
1	platelets are important in the clotting of blood .
1	as of the 2000 united states census , the village had a total population of 772 .
1	therefore , signatures should not be used in edit summaries , as they do not translate from ~~~~ .
1	all have evolved paddle-like tails for swimming and the ability to excrete salt .
1	most of them are neglected and rarely updated except for the ones run by enthusiasts of the protocol .
1	fátima ( ) is a city in portugal famous for the religious visions that took place there in 1917 .
1	population the municipality had , in 2002 , a total population of 25,475 .
1	cast bruce reitherman provided the voice of mowgli , who is the main character of the film .
1	the on-ice official category has been in existence since 1961 and since then fourteen have been inducted .
1	from 1998-2003 , he was principal guest conductor of the new york philharmonic .
1	the electric chair has become a symbol of the death penalty ; however , its use is in decline .
1	december 29 , 1877 ) was the daughter-in-law of the 8th united states president martin van buren .
1	coffee beans may be ground in several ways .
1	the capital is san miguel de tucumán , often shortened to tucumán .
1	the general formula for saturated hydrocarbons is cnh2n+2 ( assuming non-cyclic structures ) .
1	virtually all cacti are succulents , but not all succulents are cacti .
1	he served as prime minister from 1940 to 1945 and again from 1951 to 1955 .
1	p. grünberg , a. fuß , q. leng , r. schreiber , j.a . wolf .
1	india launches operation meghdoot , as most of the siachen glacier in kashmir comes under indian control .
1	genyornis newtoni ( the mihirung ) was related to dromornis , and was about the height of an ostrich .
1	the film 's instrumental music was an orchestral score composed and arranged by george martin .
1	the film is followed by four sequels , the final three of which were made in hong kong .
1	edward the confessor marries edith of wessex and begins construction of westminster abbey .
1	gestation takes about six months , and tarsiers give birth to single offspring .
1	the kangxi dictionary is published , laying the foundation of most references to han characters studies nowadays .
1	the smashing pumpkins are an american alternative rock band that formed in chicago , illinois in 1988 .
1	in 1972 carstens was first elected into the bundestag , of which he was a member until 1979 .
1	two chimpanzees were used to portray chim chim : kenzie and willy .
1	in 1877 `` vacheron & constantin , fabricants , geneve '' became the official name of the company .
1	chronic malaria is seen in both p. vivax and p. ovale , but not in p. falciparum .
1	tallinn is the capital and largest city of estonia .
1	he and his bride lived near the campus , keeping her little brother with them .
1	kamala nehru park is a park in india covering an area of 4,000 sq yd ( 3,300 m² ) .
1	september 23 1830 ) was the wife of james monroe , fifth president of the united states .
1	thorium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol th and atomic number 90 .
1	april 17 — after the first battle of bedriacum , vitellius becomes emperor .
1	the indian government begins operation blue star , the planned attack on the golden temple in amritsar .
1	longer periods write months as whole words ( , not ) , except in the iso 8601 format .
1	stephen , was created in 1969 because residents wanted to educate their children locally .
1	paul revere incorporated bees , a beehive , and the sun into his design of the school 's seal .
1	xia , jun . `` ai xin jue luo yuhuan and the music of prince gong mansion '' .
1	these were the umbrians , living in small fortified settlements on high ground .
1	he subsequently was chief conductor at the bavarian radio symphony orchestra from 1983 to 1993 .
1	palladium ( ) is a chemical element with the chemical symbol pd and an atomic number of 46 .
1	he is married to dorothy , a priest in the church of england , and they have three children .
1	cork oaks are sometimes planted as individual trees , providing a minor income to their owners .
1	it was discovered on 29 september 1884 by johann palisa and named after a nymph from greek mythology .
1	impacts on land were generally insignificant ; no damages or fatalities were reported .
1	the pinto martins international airport connects fortaleza with major brazilian cities and also operates international flights .
1	domitian appoints himself censor for life , which gives him the right to control the senate .
1	chicken eggs are widely used in many types of dishes , both sweet and savory .
1	these have since been entirely replaced with a system of unitary authorities .
1	the first volume appeared in march 1907 and it was completed in april 1914 .
1	franklin eventually became extratropical near newfoundland on july 30 , before being absorbed by a larger system .
1	eragon is the first book in the inheritance cycle by christopher paolini .
1	metric system the metric system is a decimalized system of measurement based on the metre and the gram .
1	a wide variety of animals construct or use burrows in many different types of substrate .
1	when president cleveland married frances folsom , rose resigned and began a career in education .
1	vietnam joined in 1995 , laos and myanmar in 1997 , and cambodia in 1999 .
1	an average 54 tornadoes strike the state per year—one of the highest rates in the world .
1	his musical influences include metallica , joe cocker and rod stewart .
1	alberich refuses , but wotan seizes it from his finger and puts it on his own .
1	under the jagiellon dynasty poland forged a union with its neighbour , the grand duchy of lithuania .
1	he then was elected senator ( 1987-1992 ) , authoring the seminal local government code .
1	thile began playing the mandolin at the age of five , taking occasional lessons from john moore .
1	mountain brook is a city in southeastern jefferson county , alabama , and a suburb of birmingham .
1	the now magazine survey has it that the frequency of masturbation declines after the age of 17 .
1	disneyland park was opened to the public on monday , july 18 , 1955 .
1	whichever team got the most points won the game .
1	silverman , 16–18 poe moved back with the allans to richmond , virginia in 1820 .
1	the strongest storm of the season began as a tropical wave off africa on september 4 .
1	in 2007 , he shared the nobel peace prize with the intergovernmental panel on climate change .
1	the most happy fella – book , music , and lyrics by frank loesser .
1	malaria parasites malaria is caused by protozoan parasites of the genus plasmodium ( phylum apicomplexa ) .
1	freetown also has a heliport on aberdeen island , connecting the city with the airport .
1	band members bill kaulitz bill kaulitz was born on september 1 , 1989 in leipzig , east germany .
1	chiapas is the southernmost state of mexico , located towards the southeast of the country .
1	history the plasma window was invented at brookhaven national laboratory by ady hershcovitch and patented in 1995 .
1	members of the group are radical islamists who are not bound by the usual religious constraints .
1	while codeine can be extracted from opium , most codeine is synthesized from morphine through the process of o-methylation .
1	sükhbaatar square sükhbaatar square , in the government district , is the center of ulaanbaatar .
1	it is the capital of the canton of vaud and of the district of lausanne .
1	the music the concerto is structured in two movements , each further divided into two sections .
1	the economy is dominated by its port , which handles mauritius ' international trade .
1	this is the implement used to mix the powdered tea with the hot water .
1	the pacific islands comprise 20,000 to 30,000 islands in the pacific ocean .
1	malaysia is a multi-religious society and islam is the official religion .
1	bluebird toys of swindon , england licensed the concept and the first polly pocket appeared in stores in 1989 .
1	a chimpanzee as chim chim , spritle 's pet and best friend .
1	testosterone is a steroid hormone from the androgen group .
1	thallium ( ) is a chemical element with the symbol tl and atomic number 81 .
1	the population density was 1,633.9 persons per square mile ( 630.9/km² ) .
1	it is also the country 's richest city and a regionally important economic centre .
1	marklohe is a municipality in the district of nienburg , in lower saxony , germany .
1	turkish is the sole official language throughout turkey .
1	timpani is an italian plural , the singular of which is timpano .
1	hanna-elise krabbe october 1945 - hanna-elise krabbe was born in bad bentheim .
1	berengaria 1 may 1276 6 27 june 1278 buried at westminster abbey .
1	often they are kidnapped or orphaned , and sometimes they are sold by their own families .
1	once upon a mattress – book by jay thompson , marshall barer , and dean fuller .
1	thomas `` tommy '' oliver the green power ranger and later the white power ranger and white ninja ranger .
1	awards raffles institution was awarded the school excellence award in 2004 , the top moe award .
1	it is about 15–16 cm in length , and travels through the corpus spongiosum .
1	in 1939 sartre was drafted into the french army , where he served as a meteorologist .
1	they are primarily freshwater inhabitants and have organs adapted to the generation of electric fields .
1	colombia is the only country in south america to touch both atlantic and pacific oceans .
1	also , sigmund freud provided an analysis of taboo behaviors , highlighting strong unconscious motivations driving such prohibitions .
1	black american sign language black american sign language developed in segregated schools in the south .
1	mary kate and seán were married from 1918 until mary kate 's death in 1934 .
1	christian hedonism is a controversial christian doctrine current in some evangelical circles , particularly those of the reformed tradition .
1	the wings are often held out when at rest , making the large halteres easily visible .
1	the country 's strategic sea-lane position fostered inter-island and international trade ; trade has since fundamentally shaped indonesian history .
1	they were peasants from northern italy and established themselves in ethnically italian colonies close to the coast .
1	for adam baldwin , who grew up watching westerns , the role of jayne cobb was particularly resonant .
1	most reproduce asexually by budding , although a few do so by binary fission .
1	the metric units gram and kilogram are units of mass .
1	after spending the 1920–21 season playing for calgary alberta grain , thompson played three seasons in bellevue , alberta .
1	her vulva , breasts , and swollen belly , are heavily pronounced , suggesting a strong connection to fertility .
1	clinton was the first of two vice presidents to serve in the position under two different presidents .
1	the marquess of rockingham ( 1750-1761 ) the most hon .
1	many of the smallest players are powered by a permanently fitted rechargeable battery , charged from the usb interface .
1	he was released from prison in december 2008 .
1	genius squad is a novel written by catherine jinks published in 2008 by allen & unwin , australia .
1	any modifications by alice or boris up to , but not including , a modification made by candice .
1	needham ( 1986 ) , volume 4 , part 2 , 400 401 .
1	in geometry a henagon ( or monogon ) is a polygon with one edge and one vertex .
1	when war broke out , the raj had put him under house arrest in calcutta in 1940 .
1	it was the then colony 's capital until 1753 and has been the national capital continuously since 1852 .
1	marcus furius camillus , sextus nonius quinctilianus , and lucius apronius become roman consuls .
1	fire emblem gaiden fire emblem gaiden famicom side story of the first title .
1	the largest number of poles outside of poland can be found in the united states .
1	the canton of zug is located in central switzerland .
1	scottish ) , mostly for countries `` -ish '' is usually only proper as an adjective .
1	it is the county seat of milwaukee county and is located on the southwestern shore of lake michigan .
1	spongebob 's neighbor and best friend is a pink starfish named patrick star , who lives under a rock .
1	concessionary fares are usually half the adult fare , and range from hk $ 1.40 to $ 23.80 .
1	moths have larger scales on their wings which makes them look more dense and fluffy .
1	basil is very sensitive to cold , with best growth in hot , dry conditions .
1	bentheuphausia amblyops is a species of krill , small shrimp-like crustaceans living in the ocean .
1	females are typically smaller than the males , have smaller heads , and thinner legs and tails .
1	old st. peter 's basilica was the fourth-century church begun by the emperor constantine between 326 and 333 ad .
1	twelve pages long and half an inch thick , this book 's cover size is 9.75 x 6.25 inches .
1	the reich declared that there were truly no `` sorbs '' or `` lusatians '' , only wendish-speaking germans .
1	he was the first to use the terms `` photography '' , `` negative '' and `` positive '' .
1	suqami , wail al-shehri , and waleed al-shehri also checked in for the flight in boston .
1	the term was later used in 1838 by the french thinker auguste comte .
1	the netherlands remained neutral in world war i and intended to do so in world war ii .
1	books ian mackintosh wrote three books based on the series , which were simultaneously published in hardback and paperback .
1	aragorn takes gimli and legolas through the paths of the dead where he raises an undead army of oath-breakers .
1	the earthquake left about 4.8 million people homeless , though the number could be as high as 11 million .
1	the battery backed cache on a raid controller is one solution to have a safe write-back cache .
1	he was sentenced to life imprisonment on june 2 , 1977 .
1	the most famous bodegas in el puerto are osborne and terry both of which export sherry and brandy worldwide .
1	mythological systems the primary trinity included tinia , uni and menrva .
1	version 1.0 of the linux kernel was released on 14 march 1994 .
1	for example , a visual /ga/ combined with an audio /ba/ is often heard as /da/ .
1	the video games describe charizard as having wings that can carry it close to an altitude of 4,600 feet .
1	miki is also the vice president of shinshuren , the federation of new religious organizations of japan .
1	in the book , hathi has three children , but no spouse .
1	a stunt performer or stuntman is someone who performs dangerous stunts , often as a career .
1	classification old persian is an old iranian language and a member of the southwestern iranian language group .
1	in 1774 phillip joined the portuguese navy as a captain , serving in the war against spain .
1	in the north , the lake superior lowland occupies a belt of land along lake superior .
1	there are over 800 stores and services and parking for more than 20,000 vehicles .
1	born in senigallia , italy , panzini was the student of giosuè carducci at the university of bologna .
1	vinnie jones as cain marko / juggernaut : the juggernaut is a new recruit to the brotherhood .
1	the corals could then overgrow the hills , to form the present cays and reefs .
1	he earned four pro bowl selections and was inducted into the pro football hall of fame in 1977 .
1	for official forecasts see : the nhc 's public advisory archive on hurricane ivan .
1	this is produced by plucking the required string to sound an open note .
1	a major fire devastated the town in 1491 , sparing only fifteen houses .
1	he also wrote 10 sonatas for violin and piano and five sonatas for cello and piano .
1	italians italian settlers started arriving in santa catarina in 1875 and immigrated in large numbers until the 1910s .
1	data are in millions of international dollars and were calculated by the international monetary fund .
1	he became favorite in the 1997 tour de france .
1	spindle ( bicycle ) , the axle that carries a bicycle pedal and connects to the crank arm .
1	romania is a secular state , thus having no national religion .
1	his secret identity is oliver `` ollie '' queen , billionaire and former mayor of fictional star city .
1	it is joined by the gilgit river and the naltar river before it flows into the indus river .
1	the highest temperature recorded in the state was 49.9°c ( 121.8°f ) at gonda on may 8 , 1958 .
1	the trumpet is used in many forms of music , including classical music and jazz .
1	at the age of 21 , he conquered constantinople , bringing an end to the byzantine empire .
1	writer 's block woman ( and mouse ) : jessica ihimaera-smiler 's comedy series follows overly-enthusiastic net .
1	the stanley cup finals were also the first playoff series where two brothers faced off against each other .
1	on 14 march 1994 , linux 1.0.0 was released , with 176,250 lines of code .
1	he is often depicted as an oni with a bag slung over his back .
1	the woman who is not currently a fornicatress can only marry a man who is not currently a fornicator .
1	other major cities include san antonio , el paso , and austin—the state capital .
1	founded in 1887 as club de gimnasia y esgrima , the team plays in the primera división argentina .
1	control theory is an interdisciplinary branch of engineering and mathematics , that deals with the behavior of dynamical systems .
1	provinces table the table below shows all provinces with their capitals and the region in which they are located .
1	karl dönitz i g g o 10 years leader of the kriegsmarine from 1943 , succeeded raeder .
1	early life portman was born natalie hershlag ( ) in jerusalem , israel .
1	skopje is located in the northern part of macedonia , in the skopje statistical region .
1	shades of red and orange may sometimes appear , either replacing or mixing with the yellow according to subspecies .
1	neo is trained to become a member of the group .
1	william harvey publishes exercitatio anatomica de motu cordis et sanguinis in animalibus , containing his findings about blood circulation .
1	below is a list of the 25 states of sudan organized by their original provinces under british rule .
1	there are also small ones that can be attached to the instrument itself , as in marching bands .
1	undated the first book in the lithuanian language is printed ( author , martynas mazvydas ) .
1	sea mogadishu leads somalia in port traffic and still serves as a major seaport .
1	the ipcc is only open to member states of the wmo and unep .
1	elizabeth had probably met her future husband , prince philip of greece and denmark in 1934 and 1937 .
1	most water turbines in use are reaction turbines and are used in low ( 300m/984ft ) head applications .
1	there were 565 princely states when the indian subcontinent became independent from britain in august 1947 .
1	he left the band in august 1969 and was replaced by john mayhew .
1	an amylase is an enzyme that breaks starch down into sugar .
1	richards , tobe a. the bluegrass banjo chord bible : open g tuning 2,160 chords .
1	it is bounded on the north by the districts of jhalkathi , barisal , pirojpur and patuakhali .
1	lloyd , martin , the passport : the history of man 's most travelled document .
1	mongo is a city in chad , the capital of the region of guéra .
1	the first suggestion for a name came from galle , who proposed the name janus .
1	the cardinality of a finite set is a natural number , the number of elements in the set .
1	since the 5th century bc , several walls have been built that were referred to as the great wall .
1	kellner served as chief justice inspector and administrator of the laubach courthouse until 1948 .
1	poland and lithuania are united in the union of lublin , forming the polish-lithuanian commonwealth .
1	these are the `` nzz am sonntag '' , `` sonntagszeitung '' and `` sonntagsblick '' .
1	dinerstein , eric ; david olson ; douglas j. graham ; et al .
1	spellman cited the supreme court 's decision which upheld such provisions , accusing her of anti-catholicism .
1	its population is about 4.8 million , and its capital is venice .
1	oberon three levels of the computer game descent take place in mines on oberon .
1	rimini is a city in the emilia-romagna region of italy and capital city of the province of rimini .
1	for a wiki that is a dictionary , visit our sister project wiktionary .
1	roman herzog has also always been active in the evangelical church in germany .
1	these animals are principally found in sichuan and display the typical stark black and white contrasting colors .
1	bremer graduated from yale university in 1963 and went on to earn an mba from harvard university in 1966 .
1	in 1918 , krosigk married baroness ehrengard von plettenberg , with whom he had four sons and five daughters .
1	the provincial capital is the hague and its largest city is rotterdam .
1	births november 3 — lucan , roman poet december 30 — titus flavius , roman emperor ( 79-81 ) .
1	plato , phaedrus , see original text in perseus program , from plutarch , cimon .
1	a child prodigy , he gave his first organ recital at the age of ten .
1	the pittsburgh steelers won super bowl xl 21-10 over the seattle seahawks in detroit on february 5 , 2006 .
1	lucas , john randolph ( 1973 ) a treatise on time and space .
1	in greek mythology , nyx ( , nox in roman translation ) was the primordial goddess of the night .
1	following the partition of india in 1947 , dhaka became the capital of east pakistan .
1	the main point of attraction is the castle belonging to the count solms-laubach family .
1	the counties the historic counties are as follows : vision of britain — list of subdivisions of england .
1	the ibrd has 185 member governments , and the other institutions have between 140 and 176 members .
1	one home was destroyed and one injury was reported .
1	from 1826 to 1918 , coburg was one of the two capitals of the duchy of saxe-coburg and gotha .
1	in 1903 he started work as a junior clerk in the mainz courthouse , remaining there until 1933 .
1	he made his debut at carnegie hall in 1963 and won the prestigious leventritt competition in 1964 .
1	after trial , committed to spandau prison ; died in 1987 .
1	in this numbers are included the population of the municipal district sabana cruz .
1	the movie is a light parody which plays on the clichés of typical horror films .
1	tehran tehran 13,530,742 13 until 1986 , tehran was part of markazi province .
1	den helder is a municipality and a city in the netherlands , in the province of north holland .
1	the story ends with shade starting to fall asleep , with marina and shade 's mother ariel beside him .
1	gillingham football club is an english professional football club based in the town of gillingham , kent .
1	strontium ( , , or ) is a chemical element with the symbol sr and the atomic number 38 .
1	the next season , boston made the playoffs once more , losing to the toronto maple leafs .
1	rising at vioménil in the vosges department , it joins the rhône in lyon .
1	in 1970 the `` & '' was dropped from vacheron & constantin .
1	it is capable of generating powerful electric shocks , which it uses for both hunting and self-defense .
1	the antimodernism of joyce 's a portrait of the artist as a young man .
1	the 50-dollar note was introduced in 1973 and the 100-dollar note in 1984 .
1	offspring are generally called pups or puppies until they are about a year old .
1	las américas reported 5.01 inches ( 127 mm ) of rainfall from chris .
1	example : kyshtym disaster at mayak ( former soviet union ) - 1957 .
1	the disease is caused by protozoan parasites of the genus plasmodium .
1	may - august 2006 : holocaust museum houston in texas .
1	every editor 's default signature ( defined by mediawiki : signature ) will display when ~~~~ is typed .
1	they moved to richmond where robert took a post as the register of the confederate treasury .
1	kyle has no biological siblings , but does have a younger adopted brother from canada named ike .
1	the captain and first mate are veterans of the unification war , having fought on the losing side .
1	on 13 february 1954 , mawson station was established as the first australian station on the continent proper .
1	jazz exams these are the newest types of exams , with jazz piano first being offered in 1999 .
1	they have two children , shane and stephanie , who both work for wwe .
1	in the european middle ages , the herb was placed beneath pillows to aid sleep and ward off nightmares .
1	most of the rest are frugivores , with a few species being carnivorous .
1	it is also a commercial hub for the surrounding region , while tin and iron were mined nearby .
1	more than 90 % of the population are christians .
1	inuyasha is the titular character and one of the main protagonists of the series .
1	donkey hybrids a male donkey ( jack ) can be crossed with a female horse to produce a mule .
1	exponentiating by squaring is an algorithm used for the fast computation of large integer powers of a number .
1	there are four lines of reflectional symmetry and it has rotational symmetry through 90° , 180° and 270° .
1	battle of grandson : a swiss army defeats the burgundians under charles the bold .
1	as of the 2000 united states census , the city 's population was 38,577 .
1	johann christian bach was born to johann sebastian and anna magdalena bach in leipzig , germany .
1	the new orleans privateers represent the university of new orleans in ncaa division i intercollegiate athletics .
1	calcium ( ) is the chemical element with the symbol ca and atomic number 20 .
1	the battle was swift by siege standards : by february 5 the mongols controlled a stretch of the wall .
1	nancy was the first lady of california when her husband was governor from 1967 to 1975 .
1	cwc subsequently seceded from the nwa and became world wide wrestling federation ( wwwf ) .
1	jinnah built a house in malabar hill , later known as jinnah house .
1	in 2005 , disposable personal income was , however , $ 27,640 , a 43 % increase .
1	both a federal holiday and a state holiday in all states , it is usually observed on november 11 .
1	a large tropical wave emerged off the coast of africa on september 6 and moved westward across the atlantic .
1	das rheingold was first performed at munich on 22 september 1869 .
1	icarus - the vampire that killed harth four years ago ; killed by erin right before the big battle .
1	one example is the `` separate prison '' system based on pentonville prison in london .
1	level 0 this is a `` below-scale event '' of no safety significance .
1	the phillies are a member of the east division of major league baseball 's national league .
1	wikipedia is not a soapbox , a battleground , or a vehicle for propaganda and advertising .
1	pellagra is a vitamin deficiency disease caused by lack of niacin ( vitamin b3 ) .
1	it has an area of 4,827 km² and a population of 2,943,200 ( 2002 ) .
1	her elder brother emigrated to san diego , california , becoming a united states citizen .
1	there always exists one hub known as the root hub , which is built into the host controller .
1	it contains over 600 species found naturally throughout eurasia , africa , and australia .
1	american journal of botany 91:1582–1598 ( online abstract here ) .
1	the city was a center of industry , home to many potters , jewelers and craftsmen .
1	easter rising on 24 april 1916 the rising began .
1	the métis spoke or still speak either métis french or a mixed language called michif .
1	grameen bank is best known for its system of solidarity lending .
1	the series is based on the book by morris gleitzman .
1	suse linux a desktop-oriented linux distribution by novell , inc. , popular in europe and having eval versions .
1	the tuatara has a third eye on the top of its head called the parietal eye .
1	there he met franz liszt , at whose request he gave piano lessons to the daughter of mme .
1	in the mid-thirties he joined the communist party and became active in the newly formed fédération musicale populaire .
1	its capital is the city of kreuzlingen .
1	gentoo linux - about gentoo history gentoo linux was initially created by daniel robbins as the enoch linux distribution .
1	he was head football coach at boston college before moving to the pros .
1	programs are currently being undertaken by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .
1	sanchez was a very influential part of the civil rights movement and the black arts movement .
1	curling has been a very popular winter sport for more than 30 years .
1	new characters are introduced , including the tail-section survivors and other island inhabitants .
1	she has also written chamber and instrumental music , film scores , theatre music , and music for amateurs .
1	however , by 1862 this had been changed in the libretto to the name beckmesser .
1	it is the highest-pitched instrument in an orchestra or band .
1	william was born on 24 april 1533 in the castle of dillenburg in nassau , present-day germany .
1	columbus instead `` inadvertently '' discovered the americas , inaugurating the spanish colonization of the continent .
1	currently , the first eleven seasons are available on dvd in regions 1 , 2 and 4 .
1	this led to the 1956 hungarian revolution and hungary 's temporary withdrawal from the warsaw pact .
1	it consists of one central phosphorus atom surrounded by four identical oxygen atoms in a tetrahedral arrangement .
1	long beach borders orange county on its southeast edge .
1	thus , the erzgebirge region became famous for many christmas traditions .
1	by the end of this decade the population is expected to be nearly 180 million .
1	the berlin-hohenschönhausen memorial is on the site of the main remand prison of the stasi .
1	the juice can also be used in jellies and jams , usually in combination with other fruits or berries .
1	law and government burke county is a member of the regional western piedmont council of governments .
1	legal career goethe studied law in leipzig from 1765 to 1768 .
1	the population of the city of zaragoza in 2008 was 682,283 , ayuntamiento de zaragoza .
1	kress stores were long a familiar sight in most cities and towns of the united states .
1	if you have any questions regarding wikipedia , please ask them at the help desk or the village pump .
1	bassenge is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of liège .
1	this had a big impact on sunderland , which had begun to rapidly grow as a coal-trading town .
1	hunhunahpu and xbaquiyalo beget `` monkey twins '' hun batz and hun chouen .
1	because the owner tends to be unaware , these computers are metaphorically compared to zombies .
1	this was known as the first indochina war or , to the vietnamese , the french war .
1	as a result of the development of agriculture in the south , many important cultural advances were made there .
1	its average elevation is 250 m above sea level .
1	the symbolic form is n m or n·m , bipm - unit symbols and sometimes hyphenated newton-metre .
1	the ammo fire was located near the las pulgas/43 area and basilone road .
1	aragorn , gimli and legolas pursue the orcs into rohan .
1	robert taylor as agent jones : second sentient `` agent '' program working with agent smith .
1	january — the assize of northampton is enacted .
1	cultural aspects there are many rituals and beliefs associated with basil .
1	the provincial capital and largest city on the island is mataram .
1	europe comosicus succeeds burebista as king of dacia .
1	since independence , botswana has had one of the fastest growth rates in per capita income in the world .
1	the measures of the interior angles of a triangle in euclidean space always add up to 180 degrees .
1	moundou is situated on one of the main roads in southern chad .
1	ian albert beale is a fictional character from the popular bbc soap opera eastenders , played by adam woodyatt .
1	the event lasts 4 days and around 1.5 million people enjoy the nationally famous axé music bands .
1	chaumont-gistoux is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	george villiers , the first duke of buckingham , is assassinated by john felton .
1	the ships arrived at botany bay between 18 and 20 january 1788 .
1	allende then graduated with a medical degree in 1926 at the university of chile .
1	then he made puppets and a screen , and worked in his own puppet theater from 1943-1945 .
1	they will take live vertebrate prey but mostly feed on insects or even carrion .
1	a term with no variables is called a constant term , or just a constant .
1	georgetown was chartered by the province of maryland on the north bank of the potomac river in 1751 .
1	judges should avoid drawing inferences from a statute or constitution and focus only on the text itself .
1	antennae are jointed , at least at the base , and generally extend forward from the head .
1	a play for television is known as a teleplay .
1	it was originally a series of made for tv shorts on the anthology show , oh yeah !
1	other tree lines the immediate environment is too extreme for trees to grow .
1	although the colossus was preserved , much of the domus aurea was torn down .
1	after very long negotiations , the constitution was reluctantly accepted by king louis xvi in september 1791 .
1	the figure was removed because of islamic aniconism , the belief against making pictures of the human figure .
1	animals being poached in the country are bear , musk deer , tiger etc .
1	at times , ships are unable to dock because of strong northwestern winds in winter .
1	municipalities due to reorganisations in the 1990s , the number of municipalities in drenthe has been reduced to twelve .
1	christian churches accept and teach the new testament account of the resurrection of jesus with very few exceptions .
1	the game graphics were developed in collaboration with rtsoft and machineworks northwest llc by anthem game group .
1	sjáumst með silvíu nótt aired in sweden on the channel tv400 on october 10 , 2007 with good ratings .
1	its capital is seoul , the second largest metropolitan city in the worldr .
1	afterwards , the musician 's hand often slides up and down , thereby modifying the pitch .
1	he became interested in neo-fascism and has recently joined the far right nationaldemokratische partei deutschlands .
1	it is designated as one of nine official languages of pakistan .
1	talk about the passion : r.e.m . : an oral biography .
1	he returned to england and married elizabeth c. browne , daughter of lancelot browne , a prominent london physician .
1	the bijeljina region is one of the seven regions of republika srpska in bosnia and herzegovina .
1	jemeppe-sur-sambre is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	a league is a unit of length or area .
1	flight the american airlines flight 11 aircraft was a boeing 767-223er delivered in 1987 , registration number n334aa .
1	it was mentioned for the first time in 1233 in the deed of donation by king andrew ii .
1	western north american mountains ; important in forestry .
1	the royal house of windsor .
1	it was written by janne jalkanen and released under the lgpl .
1	events by place rome january 16 — the roman senate votes octavian the title of augustus .
1	historically the capital of the warmia region , olsztyn has been the capital of the warmian-masurian voivodeship since 1999 .
1	she is also described as having the power of prophecy yet she does not reveal what she knows .
1	the equilibrium price for a certain type of labor is the wage .
1	the underside is off-white to light grey but the demarcation between the sides is indistinct .
1	during his early career he became the first player ever to be disqualified from the wimbledon tournament in 1995 .
1	however , there is an ongoing debate over whether h. floresiensis is indeed a separate species .
1	rev . swaggart is the cousin of recording artists jerry lee lewis and mickey gilley .
1	as a result , the roman army was hemmed in with no means of escape .
1	there are far fewer biennials than either perennial plants or annual plants .
1	hence , the language is one of the six official languages of the united nations .
1	it tracked north-northwestward , and dissipated without affecting any land areas .
1	reo speedwagon is an american rock from the midwestern united states .
1	dombasle-sur-meurthe is a commune in the meurthe-et-moselle department in northeastern france .
1	it is possible that the berber muslim almoravids were originally from the area .
1	english translation our country , which has become so old your head is all covered with white hair .
1	references external links kalliope and linus very well resolved with the 8 m vlt at eso .
1	tremelo is a municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant , in flanders .
1	the architecture also shows german influence , which is also evident in people 's customs and food .
1	early life foucault was born on 15 october 1926 in poitiers as paul-michel foucault to a notable provincial family .
1	volume 2 : here i go baby signing time !
1	both albums achieved commercial success by having each sold over 1 000 000 copies in china .
1	early writers assumed the female sang ; but in fact , we have learned it is the male .
1	asia the last western satrap , rudrasimha iii , is defeated by the guptas .
1	silt is soil or rock derived granular material of a grain size between sand and clay .
1	oda won junior nationals and won the bronze medal at senior nationals .
1	the disease can last one to three days .
1	dylan and cole sprouse were born here in 1992 .
1	he had two sons : amaru yupanqui and tupac inca yupanqui .
1	in addition , there are several conditions related to the person who commits it that must be met .
1	the capital city is tegucigalpa central district of the department of francisco morazán .
1	murray was still serving on the western front when peace broke out on 11 november 1918 .
1	wooden ceilings and panelling were usually brightly coloured .
1	the chengdu airport was shut down , and the control tower and regional radar control evacuated .
1	kurt cobain , songwriter and frontman for the band nirvana , is found dead at his lake washington home .
1	the station is located adjacent to the caulfield campus of monash university , as well as caulfield racecourse .
1	the partitions were carried out by prussia , russia and habsburg austria dividing up the commonwealth lands among themselves .
1	his great-grandson was kamuyamato iwarebiko , later to be known as emperor jimmu , first emperor of japan .
1	it has the second largest tennis stadium in the world .
1	it is probably the most famous painting that has ever been stolen from the louvre and recovered .
1	soilwork is a swedish melodic death metal band from helsingborg .
1	the brighter star of a visual binary is the primary star , and the dimmer is considered the secondary .
1	cantabria is a spanish province and autonomous community with santander as its capital city .
1	production a dried prune is a dried plum .
1	french control over the area ended in 1763 with the conclusion of the french and indian war .
1	history vaihingen may date back as far as 799 a.d. , but the documents are not clear .
1	in this version of the fable , a character named moneke is the son of martin the ape .
1	approval voting is a single-winner voting system used for elections .
1	the meaning of darwinism has changed over time , and varies depending on who is using the term .
1	euclid references some of autolycus ' work , and autolycus is known to have taught arcesilaus .
1	says he to hercules he will now have hercules ' strength .
1	history and development of the hand plane hand planes are ancient , originating thousands of years ago .
1	he continued : `` we received ours for entertaining other people .
1	they remained married until bogart 's death from cancer in 1957 .
1	some christian denominations who believe these rites do not communicate grace prefer to call them ordinances .
1	some studies suggest that elephants , gorillas , and camels may cry as well .
1	it is no article of faith that one must obey the pope to be saved .
1	the following is a list of episodes for the american cult television series , buffy the vampire slayer .
1	he died at his home in princeton , new jersey , usa in february 1967 , at age 62 .
1	team wcw/ecw won the match due to stone cold 's betrayal of the wwf .
1	in addition to his musical work , he was active in the general administration of the cathedral .
1	references sources kurt raaflaub , ed .
1	it is also the earliest chronological installment in the redwall series .
1	sun was in egypt to shoot a music video for her new album .
1	the term `` ministry '' has been retained for the ministry of defence and ministry of justice .
1	the first recorded use of coral pink as a color name in english was in 1892 .
1	young was also elected to the baseball hall of fame in 1937 .
1	they form one of the 56 ethnic groups officially recognized by the people 's republic of china .
1	there were hundreds of thousands of casualties with estimates of up to one million dead .
1	the second was the 2004 european figure skating championships , where he lost to brian joubert .
1	portugal produces approximately 50 % of cork worldwide .
1	cilenti and guillory married in 2002 , and during the ceremony guillory wore her grandmother 's wedding dress .
1	in 2006 the twin city görlitz/zgorzelec applied to be the european city of culture 2010 .
1	general information origin of the name the old norse form of the name was probably arnardalr .
1	the activity prompted the evacuation of nearby towns and scientists to begin monitoring for an eruption .
1	healesville repeated its success in 1998 and again in 2000 with a similar stream tank .
1	beerangali union council ethnically , the two main tribes are the karlal or 'kiraal ' and the quraishi .
1	the city of raleigh became both the state capital as well as the new county seat of wake county .
1	the ghost of slytherin house is the bloody baron .
1	music end is a term for the barline denoting the end of a piece of music .
1	history the district was part of the holy roman empire of the german nation .
1	istanbul details the history of the city from 1453 on , and describes the modern city .
1	zeus then commanded hermes to kill argus , which he did by lulling all one hundred eyes to sleep .
1	chun himself narrowly escaped death as he arrived at the scene two minutes late .
1	most of the income comes from the town 's shoe-making industry .
1	up until now the statesmen , through unbelievable shortsightedness , have neglected or failed their duty .
1	it lies on a peninsula that divides the gulf of aden from the gulf of tadjoura .
1	property taxes are the lowest in the united states .
1	the scientific study of rocks is called petrology , and petrology is an essential component of geology .
1	in all seasons the ermine has a black tip to its tail .
1	the cumshots is a death ' n ' roll band from norway .
1	prior to european settlement the cranbourne area is thought to have been occupied by the boonwurrung aborigines .
1	kuru is located in the province of western finland and is part of the pirkanmaa region .
1	misc the chemical element vanadium is named after freyja via her alternative name vanadís .
1	it can be made of metal , plastic , ceramic or glass .
1	in 1947 , gucci introduced the bamboo handle handbag , which is still a company mainstay .
1	nero was adopted by his great uncle claudius to become heir to the throne .
1	amidst these intrigues , the assembly continued to work on developing a constitution .
1	also , water vapor is released into the atmosphere through these pores in a process called transpiration .
1	pushing through the crowd to help her , jude is also beaten and arrested .
1	superstar selections there were 28 selections conducted in the draft overall .
1	cuisine florentine food grows out of a tradition of peasant eating rather than rarefied high cooking .
1	the atoll is , and it is located in the northern pacific ocean .
1	colombia has the third largest spanish-speaking population in the world after mexico and the united states .
1	it was the top grossing picture of 1929 , and won the academy award for best picture .
1	goebel was adopted through catholic charities by ginny and richard goebel as an infant .
1	undated edward ii becomes king of england .
1	the first capital of gujarat was ahmedabad ; the capital was moved to gandhinagar in 1970 .
1	the waiter hands him the bill , and , horror-stricken at the charge , alcindoro sinks into a chair .
1	records on three previous reviews , jeff blue , now the vice president of warner bros .
1	germany and the holy roman empire romanesque architecture in germany is characterised by its massive and modular nature .
1	outside the cave zeus appears and hercules tells zeus the water will cure chiron of his wound .
1	cabell 's paternal great-grandfather , william h. cabell , was governor of virginia from 1805 to 1808 .
1	an orgasm that is not accompanied by ejaculation is known as a dry orgasm .
1	for example , `` men are born and remain free and equal in rights .
1	prana suffuses all living forms but is not itself the atman or individual soul .
1	antony and cleopatra is a tragedy by william shakespeare .
1	gion-shijo station on the keihan railway keihan line is located beyond the kamo river .
1	he discovered a number of asteroids , including notably the trojan asteroids 617 patroclus and 624 hektor .
1	annexation after her marriage , she was given the name lakshmi bai .
1	game boy advance video is a format for putting video onto game boy advance cartridges .
1	she then performed the role of maya in the first two seasons of the television series flipper .
1	kuala lumpur is declared a federal territory .
1	dr. crusher is the chief medical officer on board the uss enterprise-d and its successor , the uss enterprise-e .
1	the film was directed by steven spielberg and based on the novel schindler 's ark by thomas keneally .
1	rhenium , discovered in 1925 , was the last naturally occurring stable element to be discovered .
1	miramax is currently run by daniel battsek , who formerly was head of buena vista international in the uk .
1	vogorno is a municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	name ariel is named after the leading sylph in alexander pope 's poem the rape of the lock .
1	by topic religion february 21 — athanasius returns to alexandria .
1	she was born in moscow , but she moved to paris with her parents , and earned french citizenship .
1	the original family name was spelled greig , originally from scotland .
1	billy kidman then entered the match , pinning and eliminating noble following a top rope bk-bomb .
1	academic achievements all form 1 newcomers from the own district are band 1 students .
1	barcelona is europe 's largest city on the mediterranean coast .
1	the administrators of the northern territory and norfolk island are , by contrast , appointed by the governor-general .
1	a year later , he was appointed as the minister of commerce and industry .
1	the ban was lifted by british prime minister john major on 17 september 1994 .
1	repartee is the wit of the quick answer and capping comment : the snappy comeback and neat retort .
1	by the clock tower and ornamental pool is joyride , a mother and child sculpture by franta belsky .
1	in the uk , some types of powdered drinks are actually as thick as pure chocolate varieties .
1	the 1926 thirteenth edition of the encyclopædia britannica included an article by einstein titled `` space time '' .
1	other sports interests along with hockey , dandurand and his partners were heavily involved with horse racing .
1	the particular shape and orientation of the crystals is responsible for the type of halo observed .
1	the delaware river is a river on the atlantic coast of the united states .
1	john ii , count of hainaut recovers the counties .
1	the club plays in the premier league , and has won more trophies than any other english club .
1	meanwhile , the western border was moved to the oder-neisse line .
1	snl is one of the longest-running network programs in american television history .
1	it is backwards compatible to the slower rates and 6-circuit alpha connectors of firewire 400 .
1	meat is animal flesh that is used as food .
1	contrasting explanations the site of kerma includes both an extensive town and a cemetery consisting of large tumuli .
1	it is the capital of the loiret department and of the centre region .
1	indigenous outlaw musquito defied colonial law and led attacks on settlers .
1	students achieve good academic results in public examinations .
1	it is also known as circassian .
1	it is also responsible for observation and warning of earthquakes , tsunamis and volcanic eruptions .
1	to the north and the west of the canton lies france .
1	saturday is the only day of the week in which the english name comes from roman mythology .
1	the todd river was named after sir charles himself .
1	star trek ii : the wrath of khan is a 1982 motion picture released by paramount pictures .
1	in modern times it is used to refer to the university or college a person attended .
1	he was inducted into the baseball hall of fame in 1982 , his first year of eligibility .
1	the university now operates under a 1787 charter that places the institution under a private board of trustees .
1	the film is clipped or taped to a spool and exits via a slot lined with flocking .
1	a thatcherite , he currently serves as shadow defence minister .
1	from the 16th to 19th centuries , hot chocolate was valued as a medicine as well as a drink .
1	in july 1515 , willaert entered the service of cardinal ippolito i d'este of ferrara .
1	the video to accompany it was recorded and produced by m industries .
1	tehsils & unions in the district of karak the town of takht-e-nasrati is the headquarters of the tehsil .
1	character he was considered to be his father 's favorite son , ever since his childhood .
1	the historic county town is guildford .
1	the guitarist mikael karlbom was hired as a replacement for raimoranta .
1	much like the tail , the claw in apes is no longer necessary .
1	jurowski began his musical studies at the moscow conservatory .
1	in 1997 he was forced to leave his home after it was flooded by the water of the reservoir .
1	in germany , punch is called kasperle or kaspar while judy is `` grete '' .
1	bacteriophages are much smaller than the bacteria they destroy - usually between 20 and 200 nm in size .
1	its purpose was to restore white supremacy in the aftermath of the american civil war .
1	it was created in 1663 in france under the reign of louis xiv .
1	tea whisks are carved from a single piece of bamboo .
1	on september 30 2005 , sakurai announced that he had formed his own company , sora .
1	it was due in part to marth and roy 's popularity from their appearance in super smash bros .
1	esztergom had one of the oldest jewish communities in hungary .
1	he died at montpelier on june 28 , the last founding father to die .
1	the weinsteins worked with lewis to distill the two films into one film for the us marketplace .
1	many mass-produced handles are made of unfinished raw wood ; better quality handles are of seasoned hardwood .
1	asia kumarajiva arrives in changan .
1	in 1999 the jubilee line extension to stratford in london 's east end was completed .
1	according to club chronicles the first game was a victory on 17 june 1898 against fc viktoria .
1	the athletics are a member of the western division of major league baseball 's american league .
1	the coat of arms of the iraqi kurdistan regional government is an eagle holding a sun on his wings .
1	the first recorded use of pansy purple as a color name in english was in 1814 .
1	the archipelago forms an autonomous community and a province of spain , of which the capital city is palma .
1	undated stamp duty is removed from newspapers in britain , creating mass market media in the united kingdom .
1	a screenplay or script is a written work that is made especially for a film or television program .
1	pakpattan district is a district of punjab province in pakistan , pakpattan is the district capital .
1	a hedonistic caricature of abu nuwas appears in several of the thousand and one arabian nights tales .
1	the main tourist destinations are : on the prahova valley : the sinaia resort .
1	mistreat is a finnish racist rac-band that was formed in 1988 in kouvola .
1	he won several victories , including the battle of trafalgar in 1805 , during which he was killed .
1	it is a popular vacation spot on the north sea and home to about 52,000 residents .
1	despite the town 's growth , irmo does not have an actual downtown area .
1	double-check all information with independent sources .
1	counting can also be in the form of finger counting , especially when counting small numbers .
1	the cell wall is made up of cellulose .
1	from 1966 to 1971 he studied law at the university of göttingen .
1	bronllys is a village in powys , wales between the nearby towns brecon and talgarth .
1	it was a settlement of pre-roman origin named verlamion by the ancient british , catuvellauni tribe .
1	air dolomiti l.a.r.e . s.p.a is a regional airline headquartered in villafranca di verona , italy .
1	they are between 8 and 15 mm long .
1	each publisher worked together , producing maps based upon their own needs and interests .
1	they use obscene language and they kiss each other online .
1	a change to this law had been considered until princess kiko gave birth to a son .
1	every night , selene slipped down behind mount latmus near miletus .
1	events by place europe malcolm ii succeeds cináed iii as king of scotland .
1	theism in the broadest sense is the belief in at least one deity .
1	jayavarman viii of the khmer empire in cambodia abdicates ; srindravarman succeeds him .
1	family one of his sons , ali qazi , is today an active member in the kurdish movement .
1	as of july 2007 , grameen bank has issued us $ 6.38 billion to 7.4 million borrowers .
1	it is classified as a trojan asteroid , sharing an orbit with jupiter .
1	alone again , aschenbach buys strawberries from a street seller , but finds them musty and over-ripe .
1	the system used ibm punch cards to de-scramble a signal broadcast during the broadcast station 's `` off-time '' .
1	this goal was voted the goal of the century in a 2002 online poll conducted by fifa .
1	the title episcopus romanus means roman bishop in latin .
1	a group of sheep is called a flock , herd or mob .
1	it takes place one year after the events of final fantasy xii , following the adventures of vaan .
1	a newton metre is dimensionally equal to a joule , the si unit of energy and work .
1	undated george psalmanazar arrives in london .
1	career mcgraw graduated in 1975 from midwestern state university with a bachelor of arts degree in psychology .
1	events and trends start of the golden age of the netherlands .
1	there are differences between the jewish and christian canons , and between the canons of different christian denominations .
1	the exact contributions of all editors are seen with their names on the page history .
1	later , the newfoundland labrador weather office issued heavy rainfall warnings for southeastern newfoundland .
1	the claas jaguar green eye is quite a new addition .
1	all causes , proper and incidental , can be spoken as potential or as actual , particular or generic .
1	nadezhda von meck was the wealthy widow of a russian railway tycoon and an influential patron of the arts .
1	she has won two academy awards and received several other awards and nominations .
1	during 2004 and 2005 , a golani battalion reinforced the givati brigade in the gaza strip .
1	fifteen species of seagrass in beds attract the dugongs and turtles , and provide a habitat for fish .
1	the group plans to issue its own passports and driving licenses in the name of the proposed nation .
1	the hurricane developed from a tropical wave that moved off the coast of africa on august 31 .
1	retraction requires the contraction of two internal longitudinal muscles , known as the sternoglossi .
1	the expulsion of the carib indigenous people from martinique is carried out by french occupying forces .
1	battlestar galactica is a franchise of science fiction television series and films .
1	birrwil is a municipality in the district of kulm in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
1	it has its source in the rothaargebirge , the highest part of the sauerland .
1	hurricane rick was the first case of november tropical cyclogenesis in this basin since the 1991 season .
1	under iau definitions , there are eight planets in the solar system .
1	many of them are owned by universities in various parts of the world .
1	the completed film is 10 minutes 54 seconds long , including 1 minute and 28 seconds of credits .
1	a herbicide is a substance used to kill unwanted plants .
1	she possesses superhuman speed , reflexes , agility and senses .
1	lists are recycled every four years and are effective from 2005 .
1	something which is easy to understand or explain is simple , in contrast to something complicated .
1	yerevan , armenian ssr : armenian academy of sciences , 1977 , pp .
1	he was appointed to the court by republican president gerald ford .
1	retrieved : 2007-11-14 the report deals with sustainable development and the change of politics needed for achieving that .
1	meins died on 11 november 1974 as a result of the hunger strike .
1	this battle was most noted for the slaughter of the french cavalry by english longbowmen .
1	the nationals are a member of the eastern division of major league baseball 's national league .
1	a wedding will be performed by a priest or a civil celebrant , as in australia .
1	his reign is among the shortest in papal history , resulting in the most recent year of three popes .
1	they are commonly referred to as the bullhead , or horn sharks .
1	it shares a narrow maritime border with new york state between block island and long island .
1	the most prominent natural features in and around chattanooga are the tennessee river and the surrounding highlands .
1	this glass transmits visible wavelengths but absorbs infrared .
1	inhabitants of new south wales are referred to as being new south welsh or new south welshmen .
1	the song did not appear on intimacy and was produced by jacknife lee .
1	another god tied a magic shirukume rope across the entrance .
1	prosecutor receives referral of the situation in the democratic republic of congo .
1	in total , 391 dams , most of them small , were reported damaged by the quake .
1	his exit appears to have been amicable .
1	in south america their distribution extends well into the temperate zone in the north of argentina .
1	he also provides artwork , production and audio mixing for both groups .
1	in most cases legislation must be agreed by the council .
1	the first account of the childes tomb story is published .
1	after the priest leaves him , tamino plays his magic flute in hopes of summoning pamina and papageno .
1	shinoda also formed a new band , fort minor , as a side project .
1	events often include feature films , sporting events , pornographic movies and `` special '' events .
1	also worthy of note , the popular british new romantic band , spandau ballet takes its name from spandau .
1	when thou hadst overcome the sharpness of death : thou didst open the kingdom of heaven to all believers .
1	geography the district is roughly situated between the elbe river and the city of schwerin .
1	fangames are video games made by fans based on one or more established video games .
1	the plant grows naturally along stream beds in mountain river valleys in japan .
1	cassandra ainsworth is a fictional character in the television series skins who is portrayed by hannah murray .
1	originally based on mandrake 9.2 but has diverged a lot .
1	in 2008 , the first bud also appeared very early , on 19 february .
1	the religion was largely originated in the city of salvador , the capital of bahia .
1	children are gathered into a mosque and are told the story of the isra and mi'raj .
1	the game includes elements of role-playing and business simulation games .
1	a hull is the watertight body of a ship or boat .
1	some grow to be institutions as large as major hospitals , whilst retaining the name clinic .
1	traditional faroese food is mainly based on meat , seafood and potatoes and uses few fresh vegetables .
1	gentianales are an order of flowering plants , included within the asterid group of dicotyledons .
1	most of the more than one hundred ripuarian dialects are bound to one specific village or municipality .
1	the taínos played a ceremonial ball game called batey .
1	history theatre traditional western theatre , beginning with the ancient greeks , was divided into comedy and tragedy .
1	zebras are african equids best known for their distinctive white and black stripes .
1	he took the name basil when he received the habit , and he was solemnly professed in 1945 .
1	shche ne vmerla ukrayiny i slava , i volya , shche nam , brattia molodii , usmikhnet'sia dolia .
1	valdemar i of denmark becomes king of all denmark and restores and rebuilds the country .
1	here foxe married agnes randall on february 3 , 1547 and shortly thereafter left the lucys .
1	the romanesque style in england is more traditionally referred to as norman architecture .
1	jurassic park is a 1990 science fiction novel written by michael crichton .
1	more serious bugs may cause the program to crash or freeze leading to a denial of service .
1	premise and title the film was adapted from ron hansen 's 1983 novel of the same name .
1	scipio retreated across the river trebia to camp at placentia with his army intact .
1	the acorns are two to three cm long , in a deep cup fringed with elongated scales .
1	tamamo-no-mae 's body mysteriously always smelled wonderful , and her clothes never became wrinkled or dirty .
1	zalmoxes was a genus of herbivorous dinosaur from the late cretaceous .
1	end sub end class both visual basic 6 and visual basic .
1	mature adults feed almost solely on fish , although some individuals have been known to scavenge dead animals .
1	performed by reba mcintire , composer marcus hummon sticky hound puppy - score composed by joel mcneely .
1	in spanish , the word alma means spirit or soul .
1	franklin d. roosevelt was appointed assistant secretary of the navy by woodrow wilson in 1913 .
1	administrative units of district abbottabad it is also known as jhangi syedan and jhangi qazia to the local population .
1	the radula of a gastropod is usually adapted to the food that a species eats .
1	the current secretary-general is ban ki-moon of south korea , who took office on 1 january 2007 .
1	he also became friends with crown prince don luis , and lived in his house .
1	he also acted as a pundit for itv during the 2002 world cup and the 2004 european championship .
1	on 26 april 2006 , he and mckinnon welcomed their first child , son jack william boyd .
1	the practitioner slides a solid hair-thin metal probe into each hair follicle .
1	general motors ' global headquarters is the renaissance center located in detroit , michigan , united states .
1	spurgeon 's college is a theological institute of higher learning located in south norwood hill , london .
1	about a quarter of the people work in the agricultural sector .
1	it is often considered a branch of political science .
1	the structure was designed by the greek architects satyros and pythis .
1	grameen bank is the only business corporation to have won a nobel prize .
1	the first engagement between the english and spanish fleets off plymouth results in an english victory .
1	today the black population of london is 1,001,000 or 13 % of the population of london .
1	however , the number of known sites is much larger than before and more widely spread .
1	they were married on august 16 , 2008 at their home , with 19 guests including their respective mothers .
1	the scone is a basic component of the cream tea or devonshire tea .
1	geography the district was located on the northwestern slope of the ore mountains .
1	napoleon is a fictional character in george orwell 's animal farm .
1	it includes all of the officially released software packages that are deemed most useful by the zenwalk community .
1	hoppin , medieval music p. 131 .
1	ferrières is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	lago di palagnedra is located below the village , on the melezza river .
1	the prominent tomsk state university library book reserve is considered to be among the richest in russia .
1	the king of prussia is declared the first german emperor as wilhelm i of germany .
1	scene 2 : tatyana 's room tatyana confesses to her nurse that she is in love .
1	the werra has its source near eisfeld in southern thuringia .
1	duck hunt was one of the two original pack-in titles for the first release of the game system .
1	the mozilla foundation is based in the silicon valley city of mountain view , california , usa .
1	these meat pies contain beef and gravy in a shortcrust pie case , often with a flaky top .
1	bautzen i is still used as a prison , and bautzen ii has served as a memorial since 1993 .
1	several thousand faculty members serve a student body in different academic levels , from elementary to postgraduate .
1	the regional capital is potenza .
1	brown , mann and tanner , history of the scottish parliament , i , ii , passim .
1	it reached category 4 intensity on august 3 before weakening slightly and restrengthening .
1	they were so lifelike that cimabue approached bondone and asked if he could take the boy as an apprentice .
1	the 1956 winter olympic games open in cortina d'ampezzo , italy .
1	its capital is orléans , although its largest city is tours .
1	medicine the persian scientist rhazes distinguishes smallpox from measles in the course of his writings .
1	then also , things get weird when maxwell starts dating a woman who 's exactly like fran !
1	qu'un sang impur may a tainted blood abreuve nos sillons !
1	there are several different types of boats .
1	darius ' tomb was cut into a rock face not far from the city .
1	the only towns in rutland are oakham , the county town , and uppingham .
1	the 300 km cable can carry one broadcast channel and seven telephone channels .
1	the first recorded use of the word 'purple ' in english was in the year ad 975 .
1	neapolitan pizza has been given the status of a `` guaranteed traditional specialty '' in italy .
1	king of the gods and ruler of mount olympus ; god of the sky , thunder , and justice .
1	some linux-based live cd systems also use snapshots to simulate read-write access on a read-only compact disc .
1	this forecast proved to be accurate , necessitating a bypass from the northwestern new territories to hong kong island .
1	egyptian political career he had long been closely associated with the ruling clique in egypt .
1	after retiring from hockey dryden became a dedicated author for a time .
1	andorra la vella is located in the south west of andorra , at .
1	the broons is a comic strip published in the weekly scottish newspaper , the sunday post .
1	the streets of paris are paved by order of philip augustus .
1	their fossils occur in beds which were deposited in both freshwater and marine environments .
1	the first recorded use of tea rose as a color name in english was in 1884 .
1	early life vyacheslav ivanov 's father was vsevolod ivanov , one of the most prominent soviet writers .
1	brown rats are often used as model organisms for scientific research .
1	he is the older brother of actor dennis quaid .
1	socialist party is the name of several different political parties around the world that are explicitly called socialist .
1	after all the guests have taken tea , the host cleans the utensils in preparation for putting them away .
1	the university of st andrews , the oldest in scotland , dates back to 1410 .
1	gorton is split into two electoral wards - gorton north and gorton south .
1	the different types of force mediating particles are described below .
1	his parents , nathra and rose nader , were immigrants from lebanon , and his mother was orthodox christian .
1	la louvière is a walloon city and municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	fewer people know that he combined his career with that of ordained anglican clergyman .
1	he is said to have later converted to shia islam .
1	the mali federation gained independence from france on june 20 , 1960 .
1	in 1993 the annual rate was 840 % , and in 1994 , 224 % .
1	he also learned to dance argentine tango , with sebastian misse and andrea reyero .
1	after his assassination in 1961 , ciudad trujillo once again became santo domingo de guzmán .
1	the current archbishop is the most reverend rowan williams .
1	functions the pharynx is part of the digestive system and respiratory system of many organisms .
1	digital rights management is being used by companies such as sony , apple inc. , microsoft and the bbc .
1	citigroup center was the first skyscraper in the united states to feature a tuned mass damper .
1	while pie charts are common in business and journalism , they are uncommon in scientific literature .
1	on may 23 , 2006 , def leppard released an all-covers album titled yeah !
1	zum letzten mal wird nun appell geblasen !
1	he was assassinated in beirut on may 20 , 2002 .
1	the giraffe can surivive without water for extended periods .
1	efficiency also involves avoiding injuries , both short and long term .
1	alexander lukashenko has been the only person who has served as president since the elections in 1994 .
1	it was the beginning of twenty years in which she was the undisputed queen of drury lane .
1	the year 1990 is considered by some people to be the year of the horse .
1	westlicher saalkreis beesenstedt bennstedt fienstedt höhnstedt kloschwitz lieskau salzmünde1 schochwitz zappendorf 11 .
1	it , along with close fossil relatives such as maroccosuchus , is now classed in the family gavialidae .
1	the current manager is roy keane name nat from to record p !
1	civic history sunderland was created a municipal borough of county durham in 1835 .
1	the litigants said they planned to refile .
1	at this time , chocolate still only existed in the bitter drink invented by the mayans .
1	shelton benjamin became the third participant when he defeated jimmy wang yang on the following episode of smackdown .
1	she died seven weeks after margaret , at the age of 101 .
1	sant'antonino is a municipality in the district of bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	ceremonially , when the nile started its annual flood , the festival of anuket began .
1	entire villages had to be evacuated because of the resultant flooding .
1	description the american bison and the european wisent are the largest terrestrial mammals in north america and europe .
1	in general , shorter area codes are assigned to larger cities , and longer area codes to smaller towns .
1	personal life heinz married teresa simões-ferreira on february 5 , 1966 in pittsburgh .
1	featured artists on j to tha l-o !
1	the french-speaking population makes up a little bit more than two thirds of the total population .
1	the many orchards in the canton are mainly used for the production of cider .
1	interneurons connect neurons to other neurons within the same region of the brain or spinal cord .
1	the system sold about 600,000 units in its first two days .
1	many believe that the city was planned to be shaped like a puma .
1	she is the elder sister of solange , a singer-songwriter and actress .
1	the head of government of each state is called the premier , appointed by the state 's governor .
1	the equals sign is placed between the things stated to be exactly the same , as in an equation .
1	he earned a doctorate in 1950 with a 28 page dissertation on non-cooperative games .
1	this combination of propellants is sometimes still used in torpedoes .
1	the old fortress was made before the renaissance .
1	their psychology , in many ways , seems to be similar to humans .
1	any effort to extend it was halted by the growing cost of the korean war and rearmament .
1	the states-provincial are directly elected every four years as well .
1	the republic of djibouti gained its independence from france on june 27 , 1977 .
1	each version of the license is given a distinguishing version number .
1	clams eat plankton by filter feeding , and they themselves are eaten by small sharks and squid .
1	as one of the largest wallabies , it can easily be mistaken for a kangaroo .
1	scientists discovered the bacterium in a 43-year-old american woman who had traveled to peru for three weeks .
1	the rake 's progress is an opera in three acts and an epilogue by igor stravinsky .
1	the district of riviera is a district of the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	wiesbaden is a city in southwestern germany and the capital of the federal state of hesse .
1	the method is named after julius caesar , who used it to communicate with his generals .
1	he is best known for his popular and long-running discworld series of comic fantasy novels .
1	that fall saw a great escalation of the anti-war actions of the new left .
1	it typically has a covered deck , and a cockpit covered by a spraydeck also known as a skirt .
1	the increase in internal energy is realized as an increase in temperature .
1	the words were written by seydou badian kouyaté and the music was by banzoumana sissoko .
1	following its discovery , cupid was given the temporary designation s/2003 u 2 .
1	retrieved 2007-12-20 track listing all songs written by fall out boy , except where noted .
1	arthur seyss-inquart i g g g death instrumental in the anschluss and briefly austrian chancellor 1938 .
1	pescozada is a hip-hop group formed in chalatenango , el salvador .
1	the seed , similar to a buckeye seed , is not poisonous but should not be eaten .
1	the un sanctions placed upon iraq when it invaded kuwait were not lifted , blocking iraqi oil exports .
1	he went on to study criminology and sociology at carleton university but dropped out before completing .
1	undated ottoman sultan suleiman the magnificent seals off the golden gate in jerusalem .
1	the manantali dam was built as a reservoir .
1	it has a population of about 1,000 and administratively lies in the west nusa tenggara province .
1	the introduction of the rail line increased its economy and productivity .
1	music video references beyoncé the ultimate performer is a dvd by r & b artist beyoncé knowles .
1	additionally , cocoa was given as a dowry when members of the spanish royal family married other european aristocrats .
1	both cranbourne greyhound and harness racing clubs are on grant street .
1	it was first described in 1991 and named after irmgard abs-wurmbach , a german mineralogist .
1	components and terminology step the step is composed of the tread and riser .
1	os explorer map ol40 - the broads .
1	the zutons is an english indie rock band from liverpool .
1	due to the cold water of the lake , the tree has been rather well preserved .
1	it is little known but is known to be a shy nocturnal grazer which does not gather in groups .
1	détail d'un texte saint barthélemy remains part of the european union .
1	the plate of the president of the federal parliament is an exception : it shows 1-1 .
1	prior to the discovery of procaine , cocaine was the most commonly used local anesthetic .
1	he graduated in 1974 with an ll .
1	an american prayer the third post-morrison album , an american prayer , was released in 1978 .
1	crucified barbara is a swedish all-female metal band , formed in stockholm in 1998 .
1	the drink tasted spicy and bitter , unlike modern hot chocolate , which is typically sweet .
1	the nintendo comics system series , along with the nintendo adventure books , were also created .
1	harvey and bob weinstein continued to operate miramax until they left the company on september 30 , 2005 .
1	masud seizes the throne of the ghaznavid empire after the death of his father mahmud .
1	if the difference in boiling points is greater than 25 °c , a simple distillation is used .
1	bonham 's case is decided by edward coke , chief justice of england 's court of common pleas .
1	in the thirteenth century , the cathedral was renovated in the gothic style .
1	théorique et pratique de la boxe française , joseph charlemont , 1878 .
1	at the end of their lives , they simply become dimmer and dimmer .
1	stegosaurus longispinus was notable for its set of four unusually long tail spines .
1	the klein bottle was first described in 1882 by the german mathematician felix klein .
1	impact on society rocks have had a huge impact on the cultural and technological advancement of the human race .
1	their results were published in their book winning ways for your mathematical plays in 1982 .
1	it is located near the pakistani border with iran .
1	algae are important as primary producers in aquatic ecosystems .
1	the club established itself as a major force in both spanish and european football during the 1950s .
1	sprinters alessandro petacchi and erik zabel initially were the top riders and captains .
1	an animated television series based on the franchise by sunbow productions and creativite et developpement debuted in 1995 .
1	in return for board and tuition , charlotte taught english and emily taught music .
1	in addition , scientists believe that this storm is the strongest of its kind ever seen .
1	cushions and rugs can be used temporarily outside , to soften a hard ground .
1	washing is one way of cleaning , namely with water and often some kind of soap or detergent .
1	also , elements of american and australian slang have come through from imported television series and films .
1	this meal is comparable to christmas dinner in the west .
1	the first contact occurs between the byzantine empire and the seljuks .
1	version history of the standard html version timeline november 1995 html 2.0 was published as ietf rfc 1866 .
1	mansfelder grund-helbra ahlsdorf benndorf blankenheim bornstedt helbra1 hergisdorf klostermansfeld wimmelburg 7 .
1	fir park stadium is a football stadium situated in motherwell , north lanarkshire , scotland .
1	he assumed the office on 16 may 2007 after defeating socialist party candidate ségolène royal 10 days earlier .
1	the district-free city of zwickau was located in the center of the district and nearly completely surrounded by it .
1	physiology nervous system echinoderms have rather complex nervous systems , but lack a true centralized brain .
1	louis 's piety and kindness towards the poor was much celebrated .
1	the same year , she married the italian dancer luigi casagli , and is thus known as justina casagli .
1	matilda is a novel by roald dahl and illustrated by quentin blake .
1	every year , the ncc of singapore organises its annual shooting competition [ ] .
1	dar es salaam was retained as the territory 's administrative and commercial centre .
1	røldalsvatnet is a lake in the municipality of odda in hordaland county , norway .
1	pigeons and doves are stout-bodied birds with short necks , and have short slender bills with a fleshy cere .
1	october 11 — a deadly earthquake in aleppo , syria kills about 230,000 people .
1	it was first published on 6 august 1996 .
1	he often plays chamber music , in the razumovsky ensemble .
1	like wolfgang amadeus mozart before him , mendelssohn was regarded as a child prodigy .
1	the dairy development department maintains this sewage farm , and fodder cultivation is done here .
1	in 1976 , he passed his second law examination and worked as a lawyer until 1990 .
1	the genome includes both the genes and the non-coding sequences of the dna .
1	a revolt against the venetian rulers in crete fails .
1	the eye is a 2008 horror film starring jessica alba .
1	construction was completed in 1254 under frederick 's son , conrad iv of germany .
1	the once thriving jewish community has been in slow decline since the mid 20th century .
1	flowers can also be made into herbal teas .
1	as of 2006 , the population is increasing about 1.45 % per year .
1	the korean alphabet hangul was also invented during this time by sejong the great .
1	music in the renaissance , second ed .
1	physical techniques used , include clinching , holding , locking , application of leverage and takedowns .
1	in 1541 henry viii declared the kingdom of ireland and embarked on the tudor re-conquest of ireland .
1	écaussinnes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	those that can release the cyanide ion cn- are highly toxic to people and wildlife at relatively low concentrations .
1	in this year , for the first time , babbage describes his analytical engine .
1	in 1806 it came under the sovereignty of the grand duchy of hesse .
1	archaeological site knowledge of the huge ruins of teotihuacan was never lost .
1	the leaves grow on stems of around 6 cm - 9 cm height .
1	onion is a term used for many plants in the genus allium .
1	presidents in this system are either directly elected by popular vote or indirectly elected by an electoral college .
1	flat gravers are used for doing fill work on letters , as well as most musical instrument engraving work .
1	characteristics metis ' direction of rotation is unknown at present , due to ambiguous data .
1	bedford is the county town of bedfordshire , in the east of england .
1	retrieved on 2009-04-21 books books have been released as tie-ins , including xena warrior princess : complete illustrated companion .
1	he is most famous for his roles in doctor zhivago , funny girl and lawrence of arabia .
1	next , astrid is sent to the home of a hispanic woman named amelia ramos .
1	the stairs are constructed by making cuts in the dirt , rocks , or concrete .
1	their album fared much better , which was released to positive reviews , and charted at # 24 .
1	meerhout has won the price of having the most beautiful center of the province of antwerp .
1	his father died in 1779 , after which his mother took care of his education .
1	soon after , melina and nitro began teaming with joey matthews , later known as joey mercury .
1	the party is also an observer in the broader european anticapitalist left .
1	nicias leads an athenian attack on corinth .
1	motherwell football & athletic club are a scottish professional football club based in motherwell .
1	there is a small reserve between the town houses at the end of taylor street .
1	it is one of the largest tehsils of the rahim yar khan district , in terms of its area .
1	the falcons joined the nfl in 1965 as an expansion team .
1	he was named to his first pro bowl in 2007 .
1	it is often identified as haran , the place in which abraham lived before he reached canaan .
1	bryggen has since 1979 been on the unesco list for world cultural heritage sites .
1	as of august 2009 , hyves has over 9 million registered users .
1	history the first recorded use of silver as a color name in english was in 1481 .
1	they have 50-60 tail feathers , and their wings have 16 primary , four alular and 20-23 secondary feathers .
1	the northern section of upper egypt , between el-ayait and sohag is sometimes known as middle egypt .
1	the manager is former captain gareth southgate who was appointed on 7 june 2006 .
1	veronica mars is an american television series created by rob thomas .
1	he is commemorated as a saint by the lutheran church on april 6 , along with durer and burgkmair .
1	it is the capital of sibiu county and is located some 282 km nw of bucharest .
1	germany was particularly important in the early modern movement , especially through the bauhaus movement founded by walter gropius .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 131,063 .
1	human beings and other primates have five digits on each hand as well as five toes on each foot .
1	vaan , balthier , and fran are captured by the archadians and detained at the nalbina dungeons .
1	starting in 1847 , delibes studied composition at the paris conservatoire as a student of adolphe adam .
1	c # is intended to be a simple , modern , general-purpose , object-oriented programming language .
1	the library system was changed to use computer since september 2001 .
1	jinnah was deeply saddened when rattanbai died in 1929 , after a serious illness .
1	a way of representing six-bit characters as raised dots in a braille cell .
1	the police set up a camp near two shepherd huts at stringybark creek in a heavily timbered area .
1	history choline was discovered by andreas strecker in 1864 and chemically synthesized in 1866 .
1	give us day by day our daily bread .
1	note that this is not always the same color as the original mineral .
1	these attacks were repelled , and iraqi forces were expelled from kuwait .
1	he became a successful printer and editor with that newspaper , and later its owner .
1	merchants can be of two types : a wholesale merchant operates in the chain between producer and retail merchant .
1	even stevens is an american comedy television series that aired on disney channel .
1	the nazi leadership was concerned over this because they wanted german women to be as reproductive as possible .
1	windows 1.0 was one of the longest supported operating systems of the microsoft windows family of operating systems .
1	british soldiers burn buffalo , new york during the war of 1812 .
1	the current first lady is michelle obama , wife of barack obama .
1	the doboj region is one of the seven regions of republika srpska .
1	references brylski , p. `` pale kangaroo mouse '' .
1	the velvet underground was an american rock band first active , in various incarnations , from 1965 to 1973 .
1	james iii of scotland acquires the orkney and shetland islands from denmark .
1	between 1692—1791 it was the capital of principality of transylvania .
1	the west chancel is dedicated to st. peter symbolizing the pope .
1	two national parks and four world heritage sites fall within the region 's boundaries .
1	the bill established the martin luther king , jr .
1	behavior they are primarily insectivorous , and catch insects by jumping at them .
1	the cult are an english rock band , formed in 1983 .
1	its climate is considered to be tropical .
1	david recites his verses for sachs , and leaves to prepare for the festival .
1	after the match , both men shook hands in the ring .
1	it is said to have been designed from wallpaper durant once saw in a french hotel .
1	history in 1970 president georges pompidou asked pierre boulez to found an institution for the research of music .
1	she is now a music student at brigham young university and a political activist .
1	life early life born on october 20 , 1819 , in shiraz to a middle-class merchant of the city .
1	plenary sessions of the ipcc and ipcc working groups are held at the level of government representatives .
1	hoppin , medieval music p. 123 .
1	applications masonry is commonly used for the walls of buildings , retaining walls and monuments .
1	something performed in accordance with a project became known as an `` object '' .
1	having persuaded clerc to accompany him , gallaudet sailed back to america .
1	landis denied having doped and placed faith in a test using his backup sample .
1	these courts are administratively independent and financially autonomous from any other government body .
1	it is bounded by the country of nepal to the north and by jharkhand to the south .
1	it sometimes occurs in younger adults , but it almost never affects children .
1	they are a popular sport fish , though elusive .
1	ward cunningham started developing wikiwikiweb in 1994 , and installed it on the internet domain c2 .
1	life iraj was born in october 1874 in tabriz , the capital city of east azarbaijan province in iran .
1	profondeville is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	biography early life frusciante was born in queens , new york on march 5 , 1970 .
1	a liturgy is the customary public worship done by a specific religious group , according to their particular traditions .
1	banja luka region is one of the seven regions of republika srpska .
1	death guinness died on 5 august 2000 , from liver cancer , at midhurst in west sussex .
1	family he married guðrún katrín þorbergsdóttir in 1974 , who gave birth to twin daughters the following year .
1	trattoria records traum schallplatten trauma records trax records tres records treibstoff recordings trekky records trend is dead !
1	they had three children and it was rumoured that elizabeth was already pregnant at the time of the marriage .
1	however , the lord would often demand rights and assert prerogatives that interfered with the operation of the monastery .
1	the taoiseach nominates a member of the government to the position of tánaiste .
1	per the , the city proper has a population of 574,369 and its metropolitan area has 694,253 inhabitants .
1	it is located in the ulus quarter of the city .
1	there are large lakes found here and the biggest swiss cities are in this area of the country .
1	most of the region is covered by the thar desert , which extends into adjoining portions of pakistan .
1	as he walks through the suburbs of munich , he stops before the entrance to a cemetery .
1	younha made her debut as an artist at the young age of sixteen .
1	history c. aurantifolia is native to southeast asia .
1	this caused immense hardship in iraq and virtually destroyed the iraqi economy and state infrastructure .
1	one of the best known philosophical theories of autonomy was developed by kant .
1	the village is 2 km west of muri .
1	goscinny website on lucky luke jesse james is a lucky luke comic written by goscinny and illustrated by morris .
1	washington 's birthday is a united states federal holiday celebrated on the third monday of february .
1	the isorhythmic motet was perfected by guillaume de machaut , the finest composer of the time .
1	coweta county is a county located in the u.s. state of georgia .
1	mcaleese was born in belfast , becoming the first president to come from northern ireland .
1	its capital is the town of saignelégier .
1	postal regions do not necessarily follow state borders , so sorting by state is not practical .
1	the language spoken during lessons is nearly always german on most faculties .
1	since 2006 , the duo has been seen frequently on variety shows and pursued individual careers .
1	northeastern north america ; important in forestry .
1	the capital libreville is the doorway to the country .
1	july 31 — pope sergius iv succeeds pope john xviii as the 142nd pope .
1	the number of participants is however limited and a ticket must be reserved months in advance .
1	oosterzele is a municipality located in the flemish province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	a younger brother was also born to the family on 28 august 1867 , but died the following year .
1	as of 2006 it is a city district consisting of the city of faisalabad .
1	the show enjoyed a revival on the game show network in 2002 , and was renamed whammy !
1	éghezée is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	varnish is traditionally a combination of a drying oil , a resin , and a thinner or solvent .
1	the stage from milan to split , passing through trieste and fiume , met with no problems .
1	traveller ibn batuta who visited the island in the 14th century , referred to it as kalanpu .
1	grünberg received his intermediate diploma in 1962 from the johann wolfgang goethe university in frankfurt .
1	information from azmi bishara knesset profile in english , hebrew and arabic is an israeli arab christian politician .
1	the imperial lemon is thought to be a lemon x grapefruit hybrid .
1	based on the obvious and regular segmentation of the body , walcott classified it as a polychaete worm .
1	when he did tapasya and sadhana at bavania in gujarat , he was known as tallaiya baba .
1	cyclones have also been seen on other planets outside of the earth , such as mars and neptune .
1	biography early life orr displayed his hockey talents at a very early age .
1	apples is a municipality in the district of morges in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
1	his body is placed upon the train with the explosives .
1	kirby on the draw requires kirby to shoot at images that appear in a shooting gallery .
1	ut mine stromtid also presents some of the local aspects of the revolutionary movement of 1848 .
1	personal life dandurand was born in bourbonnais , illinois .
1	derivation of names the genus name and specific descriptor may come from any source .
1	duke university is a private research university located in durham , north carolina , united states .
1	ukraine to the north - chernivtsi oblast .
1	history and development andrew gower wrote runescape with the assistance of his brother , paul gower .
1	the effort of totally involving himself in intellectual work once again did much to restore wittgenstein 's spirits .
1	they also commonly eat berries , roots , leaves , grasses , fungi , and nuts .
1	morays are carnivorous and feed primarily on other fish , cephalopods , mollusks , and crustaceans .
1	alken is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	the stronger the outflow boundary is , the stronger the resultant vertical wind shear will become .
1	references further reading seewald , jan : theatrical sculpture .
1	the new york jets are a professional american football team based in the new york metropolitan area .
1	history in 1604 , tomsk was established under a decree from tsar boris godunov .
1	chaplet of divine mercy [ ] in 1936 , faustina became ill , since speculated to be tuberculosis .
1	references aike is a lake on the border between kazakhstan and russia .
1	hinterrhein is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
1	the octagonal bell tower is from 1650 .
1	he was elected to the virginia house of delegates for a second time from 1784-1786 .
1	instead he disables him and leaves him trussed up to watch the recording from miranda .
1	ben van der pluijm et al .
1	a rhyme in the strict sense is also called a perfect rhyme .
1	events of 1460 the first portuguese navigators reach the coast of modern sierra leone .
1	feather dusters take advantage of the principles of static electricity to take up small debris such as dander .
1	regular season final standings red-shaded team won the presidents ' trophy and home-ice advantage throughout the playoffs .
1	december july 24 horatio nelson is wounded at the battle of santa cruz , losing an arm .
1	predicted and scheduled events january 1 - romania and croatia will adopt the euro .
1	persistent heavy rain and landslides in wenchuan county and the nearby area badly affected rescue efforts .
1	a tennis match is composed of a number of sets .
1	location of pasrur - falling rain genomics the nearest big cities are sialkot , narowal and gujranwala .
1	juan de la cosa makes a voyage to south america .
1	the series was created by matt groening , who designed the simpson family and wrote many of the shorts .
1	he is the conservative member of parliament for rutland and melton and shadow leader of the house of commons .
1	in oceania , easter island , an island of chile , also belongs to this time zone .
1	however , other sports such as rugby union and track-and-field are also widely practised .
1	livid was an australian alternative rock music festival , which was held annually from 1989 to 2003 .
1	the name titania was derived from the queen of the fairies in a midsummer night 's dream .
1	upper egypt was known as ta shemau ermann & grapow , op .
1	biography lovisa was born in uppsala in uppland .
1	seeds of several species are the source of the popular beverage coffee .
1	the band did not release a follow-up record until 1996 , with evil empire .
1	in 1989 , colbert was the recipient of the kennedy center honors for lifetime achievement .
1	while mal eventually outwits the operative , he does not kill him .
1	the revised version was first performed on 26 december 1962 in moscow at the stanislavsky-nemirovich-danchenko musical theatre .
1	she was nominated for a golden globe award for best supporting actress for this performance .
1	rhee was regarded as an anti-communist and a strongman , and led south korea through the korean war .
1	it consists of both covers and the bands ' own songs .
1	on board the ship , dr. crusher is good friends with all of the senior staff .
1	initiator of the u-boat campaign .
1	most of the useful or working life of the component is comprised in this stage .
1	we therefore pray thee , help thy servants : whom thou hast redeemed with thy precious blood .
1	arnsberg is a town in the hochsauerland district , in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
1	in 1975 upi added a defensive player of the year award for both the nfc and afc .
1	skates are cartilaginous fish belonging to the family rajidae in the superorder batoidea of rays .
1	the term is commonly used in its shortened form , phage .
1	not all types of electromagnetic radiation are in fact carcinogenic .
1	from 1000 to 1844 , latin was the official language of the country .
1	a few of the inhabitants managed to escape the execution and destruction .
1	references see also travel literature external links description of greece , tr .
1	virginia , arkansas , tennessee , and north carolina joined the confederacy , bringing the total to eleven states .
1	the 1958 formula one season was the ninth season of fia formula one motor racing .
1	the human survivors flee into space aboard any spacecraft they can reach .
1	events may 23 - battle of dandanaqan : seljuk turks defeat the ghaznavids .
1	in the spring season of 2005 , vinokourov won the liège-bastogne-liège classic race .
1	in norse mythology , iðunn is a goddess associated with youth .
1	piman is one of the uto-aztecan languages along with hopi , comanche , huichol , and aztec .
1	in a few years zvartnots-aal would become one of the main contenders to the premier league title .
1	the members or legislators of a senate are called senators .
1	after the rising of 1863 , russification of polish secondary schools was imposed and the literacy rate dropped dramatically .
1	she had acquired a sizable art collection , largely of european works , which she bequeathed to the government .
1	the city of portsmouth is awarded its royal charter .
1	the earth 's outer solid layer , the lithosphere , is made of rock .
1	one of the girls caught in the woods with abigail and betty by reverend parris .
1	sant'antonio is a municipality in the district of bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	following high school , he moved to los angeles in 1979 to attend occidental college .
1	war of the austrian succession first battle of cape finisterre : the british navy defeats a french fleet .
1	it turns out he needs shade 's help to find his home jungle .
1	the administrative , political and military center of the empire was located in cusco in modern-day peru .
1	naomi is an english given name meaning `` enjoyment , pleasure , or gratification '' in hebrew and arabic .
1	the new company began trading on the new york stock exchange on july 16 of the following year .
1	as a virtuoso organist and harpsichordist , he was known for his `` unfaltering precision and evenness '' .
1	it is used to calculate the angular displacement of an object subjected to a torque .
1	ten years later , 21-year-old diego has made a home for himself in east los angeles .
1	ham-sur-heure-nalinnes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	his drone-based style was a characteristic of north mississippi hill country blues rather than mississippi delta blues .
1	lactic acid fermentation breaks down the pyruvate into lactic acid .
1	he urged the scientific community to listen with radio telescopes for signals from intelligent extraterrestrial life-forms .
1	each club then plays a further five matches against the other five teams in their own section .
1	edmund was succeeded as king by his brother edred , king from 946 until 955 .
1	because of the micro-encapsulation , the aroma can be preserved for extremely long periods of time .
1	its judgements have the legal status of ordinary law .
1	ganz is a canadian company best known for distributing plush animals and collectibles .
1	titus is about to show mercy when vitellia offers her confession as the instigator of sextus 's plot .
1	nevertheless , they emphasize that these constructs have real consequences upon the lives and behaviors of human beings .
1	its surface is approximately 10.3 km² and its maximum depth is 48 metres .
1	morris motors was founded in oxford in 1912 , bringing heavy industry to an otherwise agricultural county .
1	history september 2002 , investment from draper investment company and at that time , original name was skyper .
1	however a local hypnotist , al layne , offered to help cayce in restoring his voice .
1	biography ajemian was born in manbij , near aleppo , in a family of armenian genocide survivors from sasun .
1	pony canyon popfrenzy popsicle records poptones pork recordings portrait records posh boy records positiva records positive tone positron !
1	this is estimated to happen over 600,000 years from now , when the southern tip of spain reaches africa .
1	the islands of antigua and barbuda are part of the lesser antilles archipelago .
1	after her baptism , pocahontas went by the name rebecca , becoming rebecca rolfe on her marriage .
1	genappe is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	the invading forces of the yuan dynasty capture the song dynasty city of suzhou .
1	as of the 2000 u.s. census , the county 's population was 10,344 .
1	it is the only remaining gate of a series through which one formerly entered berlin .
1	its capital is ar ramadi , other important cities include fallujah and haditha .
1	he went to paris in 1751 and was taken on by the great composer , jean-philippe rameau .
1	the atlantic hurricane season is the period in a year when hurricanes usually form in the atlantic ocean .
1	he moved with his family from harlington to stondon massey , a small village near chipping ongar in essex .
1	hopkins was born and raised in wales , and also became a u.s. citizen on 12 april 2000 .
1	before the cuban revolution of 1959 , the carnivals of guantanamo were famous in cuba .
1	however , nearly all of the original specimens were lost during world war ii .
1	a ground-breaking ceremony for the vietnam veterans memorial is held in washington , dc .
1	it is the only river flowing out of lake baikal , and is a headwater of the yenisei river .
1	it also shares borders with indian administered kashmir to the east .
1	it is believed to have 1.5 million speakers , the afar .
1	euler 's identity is also sometimes called euler 's equation .
1	more recently , grameen has started bond sales as a source of finance .
1	beyne-heusay is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	he died there in 1892 .
1	the main protagonist , nausicaä , is a charismatic young princess of the peaceful valley of the wind .
1	hard water is generally not harmful to one 's health .
1	the university of ferrara is founded in present-day italy .
1	see also encarta list of encyclopedias list of online encyclopedias malayalam britannica references further reading lee , timothy .
1	goodman is also responsible for a significant step in racial integration in america .
1	banknotes currently in circulation are 50 , 100 , 200 , 500 , 1000 and 2000 pesos oros .
1	he currently works at microsoft research in cambridge , england .
1	repentance is an act recognized in judaism , christianity , islam , and other religions .
1	starting with domestication by protection of wild plants , it led to specialization of location and then full-fledged domestication .
1	he was an original member of the institut and a chevalier of the legion of honour .
1	events the concordat of worms condemns pierre abélard 's writings on the holy trinity .
1	like a pidgin , it focuses on simple concepts and elements that are relatively universal among cultures .
1	it consists of ten clustered houses , and was occupied from roughly 3100-2500 bc .
1	faridpur is a historic district in central bangladesh .
1	eros is one of the few neas with a maximum diameter greater than 10 km .
1	by 3 december they had reached the goulburn river , which they were able to cross without a boat .
1	a large part of romania 's border with serbia and bulgaria is formed by the danube .
1	its capital is antwerp which comprises the port of antwerp .
1	by that year fewer than 50 remained , all in zoos .
1	the style was much used in england for wall arcading and niches .
1	columbus is the third largest city in georgia and the fourth largest metropolitan area in the state .
1	the constitution technically remained in effect throughout the existence of the third reich from 1933 to 1945 .
1	the brand is known best as one of the biggest commercial failures in the history of american business .
1	map of sialkot - government site the city of sialkot is the capital of the district .
1	the only major island that is uninhabited is lítla dímun .
1	it is headquartered at hardthöhe in bonn and has a second office in the bendlerblock building in berlin .
1	it is frequently used as a standard of tastefulness , particularly in the areas of visual design and decoration .
1	history origin the wwe championship was introduced in 1963 with buddy rogers becoming the inaugural champion on april 29 .
1	it is richard wagner , however , who is the composer most often associated with leitmotifs .
1	in the vicinity of qaqortoq are located the historical hvalsey ruins , the most prominent norse ruins in greenland .
1	ann arbor is home to the university of michigan , which moved from detroit to ann arbor in 1837 .
1	honiara officially became the capital of the solomon islands in 1952 .
1	books , magazines , and newspapers written in english are available in many countries around the world .
1	he died on 26 march 1827 , during a thunderstorm .
1	it is thought that there are about 1000 wild bactrian camels in the gobi desert in china and mongolia .
1	between world war i and world war ii , manchuria became a political and military battleground .
1	originally published in 1986 , it is the first book of the redwall series .
1	dracula x chi no rondo and castlevania : the dracula x chronicles .
1	poperinge is a municipality located in the province of west flanders , flemish region , belgium .
1	sunnis also believe , however , that unbelievers will be in the hellfire forever .
1	honnelles is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	they recently toured the usa with fellow indie group bloc party .
1	williams donated $ 125,000 to hurricane katrina relief efforts in biloxi , mississippi , on october 14 , 2005 .
1	she realizes that this cop is billy , and possesses thomas to tell billy that she loves him .
1	its main office is in berlin , with a secondary seat in bonn .
1	construction started soon after the release of the study , and the first line was opened in 1979 .
1	do what thou wilt : a life of aleister crowley , p. 126 .
1	snails lacking a shell or having only a very small one are usually called slugs .
1	the great natchez tornado : a massive tornado strikes natchez , mississippi during the early afternoon hours .
1	the female holds the 20 to 30 eggs in her pedipalps .
1	they can have 60 or more players and use up to nine sizes of instrument .
1	it is often denoted using the percent sign , `` % '' .
1	reeve died at age 52 on october 10 , 2004 , from cardiac arrest caused by a systemic infection .
1	major fossil finds of this species have been recorded in europe , north america and argentina .
1	in 1889 it was raised by the roman catholic church to the double rite of first class .
1	the provincial capital is haarlem and its largest city is amsterdam .
1	they occur throughout the new world from extreme southern canada to chile .
1	his replacement was jim root leaving the band with the line-up they retain .
1	hume later served as a magistrate in yass until his death at yass on 19 april 1873 .
1	kevin rudd is the party 's federal parliamentary leader and prime minister of australia .
1	wrangel had gathered the remnants of the denikin 's armies , occupying much of the crimea .
1	in mexico , hot chocolate remains a popular national drink .
1	both the shanghai stock exchange and the shenzhen stock exchange suspended trading of companies based in southwestern china .
1	it was founded on july 24 , 1701 by the frenchman antoine de la mothe cadillac .
1	cotton played harmonica on muddy water 's grammy award winning 1977 album hard again , produced by johnny winter .
1	the population in 2008 is 713,066 , the density is 10,970/km² and the total area is 65 km² .
1	working group summaries for policymakers are accepted by the panel after group approval .
1	hibiscus syriacus is the national flower of south korea .
1	sambreville is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	the next morning edwin is missing , and jasper spreads suspicion that neville has killed him .
1	it has been the capital of armenia since 1918 and the twelfth in the history of armenia .
1	beatles for sale was the beatles ' fourth album in 21 months .
1	half a sixpence – book by beverley cross , music and lyrics by david heneker .
1	the los angeles dodgers are a major league baseball team based in los angeles , california , usa .
1	halo 2 was officially announced in september 2002 with a cinematic trailer .
1	the tail is short or absent , and the cloaca is near the end of the body .
1	his silver medal winning performance earned the united states three spots to the 2004 world junior figure skating championships .
1	they may be removed for several reasons , including impaired breathing through the nose and chronic infections or earaches .
1	the building of a roman fort signifies the origin of the city of wiesbaden .
1	in england this is the traditional end of the dark ages and the start of the middle ages .
1	the capital of coahuila and its largest city is saltillo .
1	in 1569 the union was transformed into a federation of the polish-lithuanian commonwealth .
1	in german and spanish gothic architecture it often appears as openwork screens on the exterior of buildings .
1	stages of training traditionally , geisha began their training at a very young age .
1	in the book , the main female character is a woman named messua who adopts mowgli .
1	the limbs are the flanks of the fold and the hinge is where the flanks join together .
1	because of the cancellation , london went on to host the 1948 summer olympics , awarded without election .
1	atlantic herring can be found on both sides of the atlantic ocean .
1	in nature , chinchillas live in social groups that resemble colonies but are properly called herds .
1	overview jiwani is located at the eastern end of gwadar bay , which is shared between iran and pakistan .
1	an imperative sentence or command tells someone to do something : go to work at 7:30 tomorrow morning .
1	the bank and its constituents are together worth over usd 7.4 billion .
1	the double-headed eagle was the official state symbol of the late byzantine empire , spanning both east and west .
1	in india , it is more often called the chaldean syrian church .
1	he then played with jonas björkman , who retired at the end of 2008 .
1	her father is of german and norwegian ancestry and her mother is of italian and irish ancestry .
1	tertiary and vocational the alice springs campus of charles darwin university offers courses in tafe and higher education .
1	hurricane cindy initially formed on july 3 just east of the yucatán peninsula in the caribbean sea .
1	in 2007 , the municipality of llivia had a total population of 1,388 .
1	in roman numerals , the letter v is used to represent the number 5 .
1	king has conducted some 40,000 interviews with politicians , athletes , entertainers , and other newsmakers .
1	history the first , simple optical printers were constructed early in the 1920s .
1	he did not marry , nor did he produce any offspring , legitimate or otherwise .
1	in 1945 , he became a naturalized citizen of the united states .
1	malice mizer in 1995 , gackt joined malice mizer as the group 's vocalist , lyricist and pianist .
1	the capital of the voivodeship is the national capital , warsaw .
1	the florentine republic is dismantled and the medici family comes back into power .
1	two years later , san antonio was established as the first spanish civilian settlement in texas .
1	since a referendum in 1995 , the country has had two official languages : belarusian and russian .
1	the silvery green leaves are oblong in shape , measuring 4–10 cm long and 1–3 cm wide .
1	his brother marzuki stevens is a nationally recognized marathon runner .
1	heathrow terminal 4 , opened 12 april 1986 .
1	alien resurrection was released on november 26 , 1997 and received mixed reviews from film critics .
1	the city lies at the foot of mount entoto , and is home to addis ababa university .
1	its name is derived from the stone amethyst , a form of quartz .
1	therapeutic uses vitamin c is necessary for the treatment and prevention of scurvy .
1	on november 19 , 2001 , linkin park underground , linkin park 's exclusive fan club , was launched .
1	it is named after despoina , a nymph who was a daughter of poseidon and demeter .
1	hannibal reportedly entered gaul with 40,000 foot soldiers and 12,000 horsemen .
1	aubel is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of liège .
1	the house however died out in 1173 , and the castle was then transferred to emperor frederick barbarossa .
1	at the end of 1901 fisher married margaret irvine , his previous landlady 's daughter .
1	richard milhous nixon succeeds lyndon baines johnson as the 37th president of the united states of america .
1	hasilpur is the oldest city of bahawalpur district in east central punjab , pakistan .
1	this has the effect of changing the price at which quantity supplied equals quantity demanded .
1	p. duvignau , `` emmaüs , le site - le mystère '' , paris , 1937 .
1	hippies like nudist man , super apathy lad , and procrastination boy remained with the current legion .
1	the project was joint funded by the blender foundation and the netherlands media art institute .
1	the reservoir garichtisee on mettmenalp can be reached by cable car .
1	sthenurines inhabited open woodlands in central northern australia as the tropical rainforests were beginning to retreat .
1	for example , before ad 1000 , potatoes were not grown outside of south america .
1	it has roots in irish , west african , scottish , welsh and english traditional music .
1	diabetes and its treatments can cause many complications .
1	sarah was born on july 16 , 1803 into a wealthy family in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
1	this would take organisms sideways off the path from simple to complex , specialising them for their environment .
1	the flag of greenland was designed by greenland native thue christiansen .
1	may 18 — pope benedict viii succeeds pope sergius iv as the 143rd pope .
1	belushi 's younger brother james belushi is also an actor and comedian .
1	it was released on december 1 , 2008 in the uk .
1	somme-leuze is a walloon municipality and village in the belgian province of namur .
1	this book is not present in the catholic or protestant old testaments .
1	history melville island was first visited by the british explorer sir william parry in 1819 .
1	bcc is marketed as a modern location for conventions and conferences .
1	the two main classes of sound recording technology are analog recording and digital recording .
1	after the 1939 earthquake , she lived in santiago , chile and studied at the school of arts .
1	salt and pepper are also commonly added to peas when served .
1	rev . crisparkle remembers him as the one who years ago saved him from drowning .
1	originally planned as a trilogy , the series now consists of four published volumes with three more projected .
1	at backlash , michaels teamed up with `` god '' to face vince and shane mcmahon .
1	voigt died in luxembourg in 1922 .
1	ac/dc has sold more than 200 million albums worldwide , including 71 million albums in the united states .
1	berry linux a medium-sized fedora-based distribution that provides support in japanese and english .
1	carstens joined the nsdap in 1940 , reportedly to avoid detrimental treatment when he was a law clerk .
1	on 4 february 2004 , the first passenger train arrived in darwin from adelaide .
1	december – thomas tenison becomes archbishop of canterbury 22 december – the triennial bill becomes law .
1	on 11 december 1999 , henman married his long-term girlfriend , tv producer lucy heald .
1	mark schatz has played bass regularly with the group since 2003 .
1	it is well-known as the birthplace of adolf hitler .
1	david todd rawlings is a professional guitarist and harmony singer .
1	the central line is a london underground line , coloured red on the tube map .
1	ok go is a rock band originally from chicago , now residing in los angeles .
1	the health risks associated with nuclear materials have also featured prominently in australian anti-nuclear campaigns .
1	konzum joined the agrokor group in 1994 .
1	the first recorded use of persian pink as a color name in english was in 1923 .
1	her second daughter , princess margaret , was born there .
1	boxer shorts with colourful patterns , pictures of cartoon characters , sports team logos and slogans are readily available .
1	undated james ii of aragon reconquers villena , spain .
1	austrian singles chart 29 canadian hot 100 1 czech ifpi chart 27czech ifpi radio top100 – stronger .
1	the city of pompeii : an ancient roman city preserved by the eruption of a volcano in ad 79 .
1	once the seam has been undone in this way the loose ends can be removed and the seam resewn .
1	the liberal democrats were formed on 2 march 1988 by merging the liberal party and the social democratic party .
1	the beatles appear on the ed sullivan show , marking their first live performance on american television .
1	after his career in movies , rao became a political activist and a political party leader .
1	after defeating her brother , mel discovers urkonn 's betrayal and lures him into a trap , killing him .
1	the king of queens is an american sitcom that ran for nine seasons , from 1998 to 2007 .
1	the only known fermat primes are f0 , f1 , f2 , f3 , and f4 .
1	in 2007 , sibiu , a city in transylvania , was chosen as a european capital of culture .
1	doppelgänger accounts doppelgänger is a german word for a ghostly double of a living person .
1	santa monica is a city in western los angeles county , california , usa .
1	references cited references general references hoddeson , lillian and vicki daitch .
1	epitaph records is a hollywood , california based record label owned by bad religion guitarist brett gurewitz .
1	these innovations are the basis of modern intercontinental air travel .
1	manufacturing is dominated by clothing and textiles , but also includes chemicals , plastics , and pharmaceuticals .
1	the new status took effect when the law was published in the official journal on 22 february 2007 .
1	marske has a range of local shops and a mixture of light industries on the longbeck industrial estate .
1	history qaqortoq was founded by norwegian trader anders olsen in 1775 .
1	normally , qin players will learn the rhythm of a piece through a teacher or master .
1	such women often had their sexual organs cut out or their breasts cut off .
1	a trough is the opposite of a crest , so the minimum or lowest point in a cycle .
1	however , the 1989 year of the snake officially ended on january 26 , 1990 .
1	years later , sharrell invented heated metal hair-care implements , such as hot combs .
1	death david ii died unexpectedly and at the height of his power in edinburgh castle on 22 february 1371 .
1	in the united states , the ford mustang is officially unveiled to the public .
1	in the mid-1990s , the bank started to get most of its funding from the central bank of bangladesh .
1	he repeatedly tried to compose a third symphony for andré previn , but later abandoned the work .
1	humans have used artificial selection for thousands of years in the domestication of plants and animals .
1	pepper contains small amounts of safrole , a mildly carcinogenic compound .
1	barbara bush became the first u.s. first lady to become a recipient of the henry g. freeman jr .
1	barry bostwick as thunderbolt : the famous tv wonder-dog , a handsome german shepard .
1	there are other types of nuclear weapons as well .
1	leaving the spd/formation of the left party on may 24 , 2005 lafontaine left the spd .
1	this list of shipwrecks is a list of those sunken ships whose remains have been located .
1	fertile eggs can be purchased and eaten as well , with little nutritional difference .
1	new cameras : minor camera changes such as focuses on moments such as break aways and hard hits .
1	the article japanese writing system discusses in detail when the various systems of writing are used .
1	the film was released on may 26 , 2006 in the united states and canada .
1	like the adults , the boys were used in hard labour such as stone cutting and construction .
1	such a building may be called an apartment building , especially if it consists of many apartments for rent .
1	the zoo houses some almost 300 native and exotic species , with over 1,800 animals on site .
1	nickelodeon is an american cable television channel owned by the mtv networks division of viacom .
1	lawrence 's goldfinch , carduelis lawrencei , is a small songbird that ranges erratically in southwestern north america .
1	biography in may 1991 , gamburyan 's family relocated from armenia to the united states .
1	from the success of autoboosh , the bbc commissioned a six-part radio series for the boosh .
1	it strengthened into a tropical storm twelve hours later , and became a hurricane on july 13 .
1	a metalloid , antimony has four allotropic forms .
1	who is sheng-yen lu his organization says that over five million students have taken refuge as disciples under lu .
1	kat & ana make a cameo appearance in super smash bros .
1	a character called mcgoonagall frequently appears in the goon show , alternately played by milligan and peter sellers .
1	mobi t. 47 - - - 49 - - - - - - - - `` hooray !
1	biography giovanni guaita is an italian historian , researcher of eastern christianity and writer .
1	depending upon the source , it is estimated that 50,000-70,000 romans were killed or captured at cannae .
1	both resources must be developed in order to stabilize and reduce carbon dioxide emissions .
1	the topological dimension and hausdorff dimension of the image of the hilbert map in r2 are both 2 .
1	mexican soldiers kill victorio , one of the greatest apache military strategists .
1	in film and television , emerson made a name for himself by playing dangerous and damaged characters .
1	most display a distinctive concave or `` dished '' profile .
1	sunan ibn maja 2314al-sunan al-sughra 59al-zamakhshari .
1	this would mark the first discovery of rings about a moon .
1	new york : w.w. norton , 1978 .
1	new york city the new york parade has become the largest saint patrick 's day parade in the world .
1	this page is a virtual sandbox on wikipedia .
1	member of parliament he is a member of the conservative party .
1	the tree line or timberline is the edge of the habitat at which trees are capable of growing .
1	the flexible lower container of the air cushion of a hovercraft is also called an apron or skirt .
1	a toddler is a young child who is of the age of learning to walk .
1	the adelaide cup is a group 2 thoroughbred horse race held in south australia .
1	asia the island nation of usan-guk is conquered by the korean silla dynasty general lee sabu .
1	in 1969 , he enabled his party to form a new coalition with the social democrats .
1	it has a total area of 15.57 km² and is divided into 9 wards and 19 mohallas .
1	chinese '' —in practice standard mandarin—is one of the six official languages of the united nations .
1	a good car wash makes use of many different pieces of equipment to thoroughly clean the vehicle .
1	melody and lyrics `` from me to you '' comprises five verses and two bridges .
1	he also published the bangladesh newsletter from his home in nashville .
1	they groom themselves by licking their fur , employing these papillae and saliva .
1	they have been grown as food for domesticated animals for up to 10,000 years .
1	writing career while büchner continued his studies in gießen he established a secret society dedicated to the revolutionary cause .
1	primary letters the arabic alphabet has 28 basic letters .
1	roman society deities plautus was sometimes accused of teaching the public indifference and mockery of the gods .
1	adolf hitler had a keen interest in cars even though he did not like to drive .
1	all fish that are electrogenic are also electroreceptive .
1	they are usually made of wheat , barley or oatmeal , with baking powder as a leavening agent .
1	sexuality asserts itself in the human mind by releasing neurochemicals comparable to addictive drugs into the brain .
1	the black cross in the left comes from the cologne coat of arms .
1	january 27 the bad parliament begins sitting in england .
1	netsolve was a information technology company based in the united states .
1	the term paleolithic was coined by archaeologist john lubbock in 1865 .
1	a georgian inscription around the drum attests his name .
1	pretoria previously had a rather sinister image as `` the capital of apartheid south africa '' .
1	a history of the university of toronto , 1827-1927 .
1	in 1946 he became an associate professor of economics at iowa state college .
1	he is best known as the longtime musical partner of bluegrass singer-songwriter gillian welch .
1	the saale river runs through these lowlands from south to north .
1	born in tampico , illinois , reagan moved to los angeles , california in the 1930s .
1	the australian open is the first of the four grand slam tennis tournaments held each year .
1	several holly species are used to make caffeine-rich herbal teas .
1	easter island is now an overseas territory of chile .
1	the river severn runs through the middle of the city , overlooked by the 12th century worcester cathedral .
1	career and awards as a soloist , brun had performed throughout yugoslavia as well as abroad .
1	the coat of arms symbolizes the geographical location of the district .
1	ton histoire est une épopée des plus brillants exploits .
1	originally the word referred to the bubonic plague , which is called pestis in latin .
1	port is produced from grapes grown and processed in the demarcated douro region .
1	the actinidia is native to south of china .
1	matches are readily available , being sold by tobacconists and many other kinds of shops .
1	singaporeans are especially encouraged to do this during occasions of national celebration or national significance .
1	science - covering social sciences , mathematics and science .
1	his rule at this time would be brief ; hunyadi himself invaded wallachia and ousted him the same year .
1	the livonian brothers of the sword begin to conquer estonia .
1	patti labelle also plays a part in the music video , as kelly rowland 's mother .
1	carbon monoxide has significant fuel value , burning in air with a characteristic blue flame , producing carbon dioxide .
1	the name given to the capsicum fruits varies between english-speaking countries .
1	team racing events have been eliminated after appearing in six early editions of the games .
1	prime minister on december 16 , 1957 he was elected as the seventh prime minister of pakistan .
1	after the end of the roman empire , the island suffered from ravages by barbarians and saracens .
1	the science of linguistics describes the structure of language and the relationship between languages .
1	the selection of a judge requires a two-third majority .
1	biography he was born in schwanenstadt , austria , the son of a sacristan and teacher .
1	etymology and nomenclature they are named after their discoverer , the 16th century italian anatomist , gabriele falloppio .
1	with scott in the line-up as the lead guitarist , chaplin had to play the acoustic guitar .
1	since 1988 , albert fert has made contributions to the field of spintronics .
1	for example , english speakers recognize that the words dog , dogs , and dog catcher are closely related .
1	formation it is formed when two monosaccharides are joined together and a molecule of water is removed .
1	habitat lynx inhabit the high altitude forests with dense cover of shrubs , reeds , and grass .
1	from 1969-1972 , he did postdoctoral work at carleton university in ottawa , canada .
1	a shrine was later erected on the spot where he stood , and was called the animisalocana cetiya .
1	the route of the race varies , but is often around 250 km long .
1	rostropovich music festival and was a regular performer at the aldeburgh festival in the uk .
1	messiaen had been asked as early as 1971 for a piece for the paris opéra .
1	river flowing below the castle .
1	kickboxing is often practiced for self-defense , general fitness , or as a full-contact sport .
1	the first italian grand prix motor racing championship took place on 4 september 1921 at brescia .
1	a motor ship or motor vessel is a ship propelled by an engine , usually a diesel engine .
1	lakes split from bahr al ghazal , and jonglei split off from upper nile .
1	it was renamed douala in 1907 and became part of the french cameroons in 1919 .
1	the younger samuel adams attended boston latin school and then entered harvard college in 1736 .
1	moyet reunited with clarke as yazoo for a series of live dates during the summer of 2008 .
1	its headquarters are in bonn , with a branch in berlin .
1	classically , an object hitting an impenetrable barrier will not pass through .
1	the re-published version was released on august 26 , 2003 .
1	in november 2004 , the duo released their fifth and last studio album under sm entertainment , gravity .
1	history the district was created in 1975 as part of the reorganization of north rhine-westphalian districts .
1	condition can refer to : a state of being .
1	she rigorously ate lean foods , drank 8 glasses of water a day , and avoided fatty foods .
1	the major languages spoken in the district are dogri , hindi , urdu , and kashmiri .
1	she gradually gains more power , eventually ousting dumbledore and seizing control of the school .
1	gni based own resources gni based own resources currently forms the largest contribution to eu funding .
1	some of the jewish apocrypha were part of the ordinary religious literature of the early christians .
1	clavier is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	it is a silvery-white , malleable and ductile rare-earth metal .
1	carmen roll - - carmem roll was a member of the spk and the raf .
1	the city is governed by the tel aviv-yafo municipality , headed by ron huldai .
1	the perfect use pregnancy rate of condoms is 2 % per year .
1	the colosseum is today one of rome 's most popular tourist attractions , receiving millions of visitors annually .
1	the charred residue on barbecued meats has been identified as a carcinogen , along with many other tars .
1	he was a son of king edgar and queen ælfthryth .
1	jak 3 is a video game for sony 's playstation 2 console developed by naughty dog .
1	occasionally , composers such as béla bartók have asked for them to be played from top to bottom .
1	classification icelandic is an indo-european language belonging to the north germanic branch of the germanic languages .
1	the new orleans hornets are a professional basketball team based in new orleans , louisiana .
1	industrial flint mining such as that at cissbury and grimes graves began , with evidence of long distance trade .
1	the cowry 's smooth surface allows the needle to be positioned under the cloth more easily .
1	mammals that have distinct types of teeth are heterodont ; others are homodont .
1	in 1997 , sarah mclachlan married her drummer , ashwin sood , in jamaica .
1	thomas tallis died peacefully in his house in greenwich in november 1585 on either the 20th or 23rd .
1	the answer was yes , and after another round of editing , knopf published eragon in august 2003 .
1	they are found mostly in new zealand and australia in caves and grottos , or sheltered places in forests .
1	he went on to win his first senior international title at the 2005 four continents figure skating championships .
1	keynes was ultimately a successful investor , building up a very substantial private fortune .
1	the skull of a. m. qinlingensis is smaller than its relatives , and it has larger molars .
1	in the united states , they remain most popular in california , colorado , and washington .
1	most of the songs were written by richard m. sherman and robert b. sherman .
1	laws open to abuse several cases were filed against gohar shahi and his followers .
1	despite this , the band decided to keep this recording and left it on the final album version .
1	it is a large scoria volcano with two craters , which last erupted about one million years ago .
1	there are three named craters on the surface of puck , the largest being about 45 km in diameter .
1	the much rarer successful mating of a male horse and a female donkey produces a hinny .
1	in japanese folklore , he is one of the japanese seven gods of fortune .
1	august 18 — urbain grandier , a priest accused of sorcery , is burned alive in loudun , france .
1	paris was soon consumed with riots , chaos , and widespread looting .
1	africa juba ii of mauretania joins gaius caesar in armenia as a military advisor .
1	the blackhawks played the then stanley cup champions , the detroit red wings , for the western conference championship .
1	he refused all food except bread and water .
1	scar tissue is not identical to the tissue that it replaces and is usually of inferior functional quality .
1	his first discovery was the asteroid 267 tirza in 1887 .
1	legumes are the genera and species of the magnoliophyta family fabaceae in the order fabales .
1	at the time of opening the station had the longest escalators in the southern hemisphere .
1	north korea under the shroud , life and human rights in north korea , autumn 2000 , vol .
1	this was named by the english , but the megalithic mound significantly predates them .
1	modified suvs also take part in races , including the paris-dakar rally and the australian outback .
1	the conflict of druimnacour occurs in sutherland , scotland .
1	yorkshire is a historic county of northern england and the largest in great britain .
1	the fruit is a round wind-dispersed samara .
1	it lies on the southern side of lake constance .
1	voigt hoboed from place to place until he went to live with his sister in rixdorf near berlin .
1	a compound eye may consist of thousands of individual photoreception units .
1	polyphemus plays a pivotal role in homer 's odyssey .
1	queen of the north : a pictorial history of cooktown and cape york peninsula .
1	biography early life brion was born in glen ridge , new jersey .
1	the present owner of encyclopædia britannica , inc. is jacqui safra , a swiss billionaire and actor .
1	the golf course has a rating of 71.1 and has a par of 72 .
1	as a pinhole is made smaller , the image gets sharper , but the projected image becomes dimmer .
1	as such , they considered themselves to be in a state of war with mecca and raided meccan caravans .
1	the blue jackets play their home games in downtown columbus at nationwide arena , which opened in 2000 .
1	third epistle of john , traditionally ascribed to the apostle john , son of zebedee .
1	diego maradona scored his first international goal at hampden park , against scotland , in 1979 .
1	metcard is the brand name of an integrated ticketing system used to access public transport in melbourne , australia .
1	the u.s. census bureau 2006 estimates the county population to be 561,606 .
1	everett is the county seat of and the largest city in snohomish county , washington , united states .
1	anywhere from 100,000 to one million inhabitants were massacred and the city was sacked and burned .
1	the total area of the district is 1,368 square kilometersbagh district statistics .
1	an early example was in 1948 , when he was a student at the moscow conservatory .
1	both tagalog , and english are used in government , education , print , broadcast media , and business .
1	the sum of zero and a positive number is positive .
1	events by place europe oldest known mention of the city of gundelfingen .
1	the current prime minister of saint vincent and the grenadines is the honourable dr. ralph gonsalves .
1	they are rivaled as biological materials in toughness only by chitin .
1	this phenomenon is known as an update anomaly .
1	she survived and managed to escape , however she was rearrested on 1 february 1974 and imprisoned .
1	moon has spoken vehemently against `` free sex '' and homosexual activity .
1	in the same year chatmon recorded for the arhoolie record label .
1	the study of male reproduction and associated organs is called andrology .
1	take our rights and our life under your infinite protection , oh god of the valiant !
1	similar to previous storms ingrid and karen , high wind shear in the deep tropics hindered melissa 's development .
1	it is located on lake constance , across the border from konstanz in germany .
1	still known as lefkosia , the city became the island 's capital around the 10th century .
1	a conversation with rob schneider - interfaithfamily.com schneider graduated from terra nova high school in 1982 .
1	history of the inca empire inca history , society and religion .
1	these people were of age 12 or older and were available to be interviewed in person .
1	this behavior would typically be perceived as unusual or unnecessary , without being demonstrably maladaptive .
1	today nrc is organised as an independent , private foundation .
1	the enchanted forest and safari opened on july 1 , 1974 .
1	modern napalm modern napalm is composed primarily of benzene and polystyrene , and is known as napalm-b .
1	the familiar proton and the neutron are the two baryons having the smallest mass .
1	she was drinking tea under a tree when a ball of silk fell into her tea .
1	this landform is a sub-unit of sonoma coast state beach , owned and managed by the state of california .
1	present she now lives in stockholm with her boyfriend alexander skepp .
1	additionally , the regional train network is colour-coded purple .
1	the american edition of the novel was published simply as pearls of lutra .
1	binche is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	instead , linkin park continued to tour and work on many side projects .
1	william donn de burgh , 3rd earl of ulster is murdered and the burke civil war begins in ireland .
1	the most common mascot symbol for the party is the donkey .
1	the lord of the rings : the return of the king 14 december 2004 .
1	chièvres is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	in berlin 's 2001 administrative reform it absorbed the former borough of hohenschönhausen .
1	peazip is mainly written in free pascal , using lazarus .
1	a handcart is pulled or pushed by one or more people .
1	bbc news , january 9 2003 but dropped out of the race two days before election day .
1	biography christopher paolini was raised in the paradise valley , montana area .
1	bond market size amounts outstanding on the global bond market increased 6 % in 2008 to $ 83 trillion .
1	the cathedral of sens installs the first `` horologe '' .
1	its center is the city of doboj and it 's located in the north of bosnia and herzegovina .
1	he continued to work in an apparent trance state with a hypnotist all his life .
1	urban resource centre - population according to 1998 census its capital is the city of multan .
1	flainval is a commune in the meurthe-et-moselle department in northeastern france .
1	wikipedia articles are not dictionary articles , are not whole dictionaries , and are not slang and usage guides .
1	the remnant low moved northwards , then turned to the northeast due to the effects of a non-tropical system .
1	he graduated from georgetown university in the spring of 2002 .
1	it played its first concert on 9 june of that year , with hans richter conducting .
1	she became the first reigning monarch of australia and new zealand to visit those nations .
1	anglo-saxon buildings in britain were generally simple , constructed mainly using timber with thatch for roofing .
1	the movie won the animage anime grand prix prize in 1988 .
1	adolf william had five sons , but the first four died soon after birth .
1	assesse is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of namur .
1	manuel i comnenus orders all the venetians in the byzantine empire to be arrested and their property confiscated .
1	kelvedon is a village and civil parish in essex , england , near to the town of witham .
1	refences wells cathedral is a church of england cathedral in wells , somerset , england .
1	role in the simpsons willie is the groundskeeper at springfield elementary school and is a stereotypical angry scotsman .
1	august 9 the 1992 summer olympics are held in barcelona , spain .
1	the artwork was made by gabriela von habsburg , a daughter of otto von habsburg .
1	it has gprs and gps technology .
1	it is a tributary of the river great ouse , and is navigable to jude 's ferry .
1	the reason for the rotation is the same as any other cyclone , the coriolis effect .
1	the king of ledra , onasagoras , was recorded as paying tribute to esarhaddon of assyria in 672 bc .
1	during the april 1944 battle odessa suffered severe damage and many casualties .
1	this term means `` little war '' in spanish and was created during the peninsular war .
1	fhm , originally published as for him magazine , is an international monthly men 's lifestyle magazine .
1	bone and dream : into the world 's driest desert .
1	msas are used for official purposes , but they are not the only estimates of metro area populations available .
1	nicole was the first named subtropical storm since the policy change to not achieve full tropical cyclone status .
1	he parted company with the savoy hotel after taking money from food suppliers .
1	further , biface technology is almost unknown in australian prehistory .
1	thomas edison was born in milan , ohio , and grew up in port huron , michigan .
1	it is almost never a good idea to use other style changes , such as font family or color .
1	however , the study of ticks and mites is sometimes not included in arachnology , but is called acarology .
1	the capital and largest city , windhoek , is in the centre of the country .
1	from 1808 to 1874 , the city served as the capital of british west africa .
1	the playstation 3 was first released in japan on november 11 , 2006 at 07:00 .
1	nhl star defencemen sheldon souray and wade redden are of métis ancestry .
1	shelties are very good with children .
1	in the 1960s , the kansas city athletics began wearing revolutionary white shoes .
1	benefits of serfdom within his constraints , a serf had some freedom .
1	since then it has been held every year except 1980 .
1	the charges were dropped on 22 january 2006 .
1	indeed , at the time of building , it was the biggest single span bridge in the world .
1	most chinese living in northern and south-western china are native speakers of a dialect of mandarin .
1	june april 30 louisiana purchase is made by the united states from france .
1	a number of premises were constructed solely for these assemblies , some of which were not finished .
1	nowadays , its facilities are scattered over the capital curitiba and other cities of the state of paraná .
1	the games were released in japan and north america in 2007 , and in pal territories in 2008 .
1	some are manned only during morning peak , some during both morning and evening peaks .
1	the study of the structure of the body is called anatomy .
1	demographics valais is predominantly french- and arpitan-speaking .
1	within days , the `` unbeatable candidate '' was dismissed as tánaiste and minister for defence .
1	most visitors reach zermatt by cog railway train or taxi from the nearby town of täsch .
1	benton also set up the benton foundation , which managed the britannica until 1996 .
1	death penalty : the first state execution using gas in the united states takes place in nevada .
1	it is located in laon , picardy , france , and is the seat of the bishop of laon .
1	mountains of eastern himalaya north american larix laricina tamarack larch or american larch .
1	white dwarfs will eventually fade into black dwarfs over a very long stretch of time .
1	the single was released as the fourth and final single from the album early in 2004 .
1	however , in times of constitutional crisis , the governor can appoint someone else as premier .
1	graphite sticks were at first wrapped in string or in sheepskin for stability .
1	the crew discover a log recorded by an alliance search and rescue team after the disaster .
1	sister of ares , and is the daughter of zeus .
1	weißenfelser land langendorf leißling markwerben weißenfels1 , 2 8 .
1	nebulised morphine for dyspnoea evidence is better for other routes .
1	there are a total of 146 episodes in this series .
1	other websites cbrd motorway database - m6 the m6 motorway is the longest motorway in the united kingdom .
1	at the 2008 canadian figure skating championships , he won his third bronze medal at that competition .
1	life and work mandelstam was born in warsaw to a wealthy jewish family .
1	it is broader than the term flora which refers exclusively to species composition .
1	hovell died in sydney on 9 november 1875 and was buried at goulburn , survived by a son .
1	he was inducted into the pro football hall of fame in 1989 in his first year of eligibility .
1	british moved regiments from the crimean war and diverted european regiments headed for china to india .
1	january 19 , 2038 - 32-bit computer clocks overflow to represent the date as 1901 .
1	in 1968 he moved to the italian faema teamcycling , uk , 23 september 1967 , p19 .
1	the head of the apostolic nunciature is called nuncio .
1	in effect , it is a union of the swimming sections of 13 sports clubs .
1	in 1871 , he became the first cavendish professor of physics at cambridge .
1	november 11- remembrance day in most commonwealth countries , veterans ' day in the usa .
1	it is located in the province of southern finland and is part of the south karelia region .
1	in the runoff election of april 1932 , hindenburg defeated hitler for the presidency .
1	midnight sun would be the story of twilight told from the point of view of edward cullen .
1	as of 2005 , the mayor of suginami is hiroshi yamada .
1	martha and george washington had no children together , but they raised martha 's two surviving children .
1	an estimated 200,000 people climb mount fuji every year , 30 % of whom are foreigners .
1	yunus is also the founder of grameen bank .
1	following the american revolutionary war , the rate of settlers coming from the eastern states increased rapidly .
1	individualist and classical liberal conceptions of liberty relate to the freedom of the individual from outside compulsion or coercion .
1	following its discovery , mab was given the temporary designation s/2003 u 1 .
1	the gizmondo is a handheld gaming console which was released by tiger telematics in march 2005 .
1	the area is noted for the concentration of performance motorsport companies and facilities .
1	the first 500 copies of the cd were individually signed by all 6 members of the band .
1	in 1908 , minerva obtained a worldwide knight engine license .
1	history it is believed that alexander the great came through this area and stayed at dherai/derai for two days .
1	its center is the city of banja luka and it 's located in the northwest of bosnia and herzegovina .
1	early life bernini was born in naples to a mannerist sculptor , pietro bernini , originally from florence .
1	it was erected between 1829 and 1831 on the site of exeter exchange .
1	he wrote : theophilus of antioch , to autolycus , ii .
1	tropical storm ingrid was a weak tropical storm that existed in september 2007 .
1	the book 's focus is the life and activities of explorer , christopher columbus .
1	according to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 29,753 .
1	the body is like that of an earthworm : ringed or segmented .
1	they are also used to make soy sauce , and the oil is used in many industrial applications .
1	music pink is an american singer-songwriter whose real name is alecia moore .
1	it is a musical portrait of manon gropius , depicting her as a carefree , young girl .
1	saraiki is the local language , while urdu and english are also spoken .
1	many old world salami are named after the region or country of their origin .
1	museums ulaanbaatar has several museums dedicated to mongolian history and culture .
1	viroinval is a walloon municipality located in belgium in the province of namur .
1	kortessem is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	june 11 – july 11 - 2010 fifa world cup in south africa .
1	maasmechelen is a municipality located on the meuse river in the belgian province of limburg .
1	schumacher was arrested in july and was severely beaten in prison , making his disabilities even worse .
1	cats are often seen working old unguis layers off on wood or on boards made for the purpose .
1	he attended university college london before returning to japan in august 1969 upon the death of his father .
1	yvoir is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	they were original characters who were made to resemble the beatles .
1	nuclear physics is the field of physics that studies the building blocks and interactions of atomic nuclei .
1	during mughal rule the areas currently under dhaka district was famous for its textile products - especially the muslin .
1	it is the sequel to the game dark cloud , and features some of the same world-building mechanics .
1	one of example of an auditory illusions is a shepard tone .
1	the apple was also on the album cover of love generation 's soundtrack .
1	the airport also frequently receives domestic and international charter flights .
1	the city of bonifacio is split into two sections .
1	he attended mississippi state university , where he participated in college baseball .
1	the sounds ' current , and only , ballpark is herschel greer stadium .
1	treaty of lyon : france cedes naples to ferdinand of aragon .
1	political conflict between the igbo , yoruba , hausa and fulani people erupted into two deadly military coups .
1	tournon-sur-rhône is a commune in the ardèche department in southeastern france .
1	births october 10 — tiberius gemellus grandson of tiberius .
1	the bloodiest battle in american history was gettysburg , but its more than 46,000 casualties occurred over three days .
1	on 7 january 1983 , president carstens nonetheless dissolved the bundestag and called for new elections .
1	the general formula for a saturated hydrocarbon containing one ring is cnh2n .
1	some authorities were created from county councils whose districts were abolished .
1	he later changed his name to the latin praetorius .
1	a substituted template will not be updated when the master template is updated .
1	the islands of the great barrier reef also support 2,195 known plant species ; three of these are endemic .
1	rediscovery and excavation moenjo-daro was built around 2600 bc and abandoned around 1900 bc .
1	the human life cycle is similar to that of other placental mammals .
1	spafford died on october 16 , 1888 , of malaria , and was buried in jerusalem .
1	there are many side valleys which branch off the main valley .
1	in the southern states , racial segregation was enforced by the jim crow laws .
1	it is the second of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .
1	as of 2006 , 94.23 % of the population was italian .
1	a network may or may not produce all of its own programming .
1	diego velázquez was born in cuéllar , in the segovia region of spain .
1	undated daniel le pelley succeeds nicolas le pelley as seigneur of sark .
1	physical characteristics proteus is more than 400 kilometres in diameter , larger than nereid , another moon of neptune .
1	it is the birthplace of igor kurchatov , a famous soviet/russian physicist .
1	there are also several hotels .
1	it is located on the gulf of gemlik , part of the south coast of the sea of marmara .
1	the main event 1988–1991 this was a spin-off of saturday night 's main event .
1	his early life hamlin was born to cyrus hamlin and anna livermore in paris , maine .
1	das rheingold requires the following additional instruments : bass drum 18 anvilsanvils are used only in das rheingold .
1	soulmates may feel themselves bonded together for a lifetime and hence may become sexual partners , but not necessarily .
1	bagh district is one of the eight districts of azad jammu and kashmir , pakistan .
1	president richard nixon viewed the proceedings from the oval office of the white house .
1	it is located in eastern india on the east bank of the river hooghly .
1	each new county and district was divided into electoral divisions , known as wards in the districts .
1	when the island reverted to complete spanish control , malabo was renamed santa isabel .
1	frye served in the maine house of representatives from 1861 to 1862 and again in 1867 .
1	cricket is also a popular sport in alice springs and is primarily played at traeger park .
1	various pandya kings find mention in a number of poems in the sangam literature .
1	xerxes was the son of darius the great and atossa and a descendent of cyrus the great .
1	why they were not published within leonardo 's lifetime is unknown .
1	the district capital is the town of lenzburg .
1	it is located in the province of southern finland and is part of the uusimaa region .
1	selected as part of the third group of fourteen astronauts in 1963 , he flew in space twice .
1	rivington 1983 , p.160 poles for pleasure punts are normally made of spruce , or aluminium .
1	biography diamond was born in boston , massachusetts , to a polish-jewish family .
1	the term speed of light generally refers to the speed at which light travels in free space .
1	team telekom also won the team classification , as the overall strongest team of the 1997 tour .
1	history the district was created in 1994 when the two districts dippoldiswalde and freital were merged .
1	in 1899 , khartoum became the capital of anglo-egyptian sudan .
1	unified with the wwf tag team championship at survivor series 2001 .
1	cult her cult began in ardea and lavinium , latium .
1	the columbus blue jackets are a professional ice hockey team based in columbus , ohio , united states .
1	eventually they settled in the united states and paris .
1	s. salamandra adults are able to extrude heavy toxic skin secretions , e.g . the neurotoxic alkaloid samandarin .
1	mary ii then ruled jointly with her husband , william iii .
1	within a relatively short time he managed to lose an enormous amount of weight .
1	in 1314-1315 the old and new towns joined the hanseatic league .
1	some indigenous groups living in palm-rich areas use palms to make many of their necessary items and food .
1	he returned to adelaide with his family , arriving back in august 1849 .
1	unna is a town in north rhine-westphalia , germany , the seat of the unna district .
1	it is located in central switzerland and its capital is zug .
1	because of its quality and rarity , this porcelain is much prized by collectors .
1	december 14 – charles xii of sweden is crowned king at the age of 15 .
1	references external links pro football hall of fame : member profile michael irvin 's official website and merchandise .
1	ordinary courts , dealing with criminal and most civil cases , are the most numerous by far .
1	nfs carbon was the first nfs game to feature online exclusive game modes .
1	ter hachatrjan were arrested and set in jail .
1	the river tone is a river in somerset , that flows through taunton and joins the river parrett .
1	external references external links obituary in the daily telegraph , 26 january 2008 .
1	but they also have scattered population in the frontier region of dera ismail khan district and afghanistan .
1	sds held its first meeting in 1960 at ann arbor , michigan , where alan haber was elected president .
1	some iron oxides are widely used in ceramic applications , particularly in glazing .
1	no great events of national importance have happened here , and few famous people have made hartley their home .
1	miss universe is an annual international beauty contest run by the miss universe organization .
1	she was teppei 's high school sweetheart .
1	her maternal grandparents were louis vii of france and his first wife eleanor of aquitaine .
1	steel can be heat treated which allows parts to be fabricated in an easily-formable soft state .
1	while a young man he became fascinated with hearing the old people in the locality speak the irish language .
1	external links sense and sensibility - full text with audio and translations .
1	rebecq is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	while it is often weaker than most of its land counterparts , stronger versions spawned by mesocyclones do occur .
1	on very remote routes considerable supplies and equipment may be required , this can include prearranged caches .
1	he writes in several genres , but is primarily known for his science fiction .
1	coldplay are an english alternative rock band formed in london , england in 1998 .
1	classification the murids are classified in 4 subfamilies , around 140 genera and approximately 650 species .
1	in modern times the sun appears in the constellation sagittarius during this time .
1	greater manchester is a metropolitan county in north west england , with a population of 2.56 million .
1	lake titicaca is a lake located on the border of peru and bolivia .
1	december july 16 coronation of 10-year-old richard ii , grandson of edward iii .
1	from her comments , neo deduces that he is not the one .
1	a grayish green hue is a dull green hue .
1	henrietta maria was brought up as a roman catholic .
1	sapphire is a saturated shade of blue , referring to the gem of the same name .
1	the slightly larger statistical district of houten had a population of about 39,100 in 2004 .
1	tzu chi was the first force from outside the people 's republic of china to join the rescue effort .
1	the upper half also resembles the coat of arms of the former district oberbarnim .
1	he wrote and performed as a member of the british comedy group monty python .
1	autofeather is a feature of the engines on some turboprop or piston engine aircraft .
1	after coaching switzer was elected to the college football hall of fame in 2002 .
1	however , hicks made a clutch interception to prevent the bengals from scoring .
1	the largest city and the commercial capital of the state is indore .
1	after park chung-hee 's 1979 assassination , ban assumed the post of director of the united nations division .
1	he is an author of over 100 romances and 2 operas , including the comic opera graf cagliostro .
1	islam is the predominant religion , and the official language is the turkish language .
1	it is the third game to use its gameplay , and is the sequel to osu !
1	that night , they came to an agreement and formed a bluegrass band .
1	in 1948 , yun was appointed by rhee as mayor of seoul .
1	lille is situated on the deûle river , near france 's border with belgium .
1	definition and scope classical electrophysiological techniques classical electrophysiology techniques involve placing electrodes into various preparations of biological tissue .
1	during salazar 's tenure , portugal also participated in the founding of oecd and efta .
1	as a result , umaga started targeting batista 's injured back .
1	zsa zsa gabor biography her sisters , magda and eva , also became actresses and socialites .
1	in november 1995 , a saudi national guard base was bombed , killing seven people .
1	jackson is the state capital and largest city .
1	with a population of c. 86,000 , the kolding municipality is the seventh largest in denmark .
1	echinodermata from the tree of life web project .
1	hardy , however , was released from wwe on april 22 , 2003 .
1	queens ' college , cambridge is founded by margaret of anjou .
1	the most numerous tiger subspecies is the bengal tiger while the largest subspecies is the siberian tiger .
1	the kapos and sonderkommandos were supervised by members of the ss ; altogether 6,000 ss members worked at auschwitz .
1	however , arizona still can expect experiencing the effects of tropical cyclones once every five years , in average .
1	the new king leo ii was known as a pious king , devoted to christianity .
1	it was first published in london in 1988 by jonathan cape .
1	events of 1341 the queen 's college , a constituent college of the university of oxford , is founded .
1	the fortress of kalan is built .
1	the table alphabeticall , the first known english dictionary to be organized by alphabetical ordering , is published .
1	the club was established on april 10 , 1939 .
1	in the 1487 re-consecration of the great pyramid of tenochtitlan some estimate that 80,400 prisoners were sacrificed .
1	tandjilé was one of the 14 prefectures of chad .
1	he became the first person to win two nobel prizes in the same field .
1	as 2005 began , triple h realized the possibility of batista becoming a threat to his world heavyweight championship .
1	as the first public revelation of dee 's spiritual conferences , the book was extremely popular and sold quickly .
1	he is also the actual father of blues musicians big bill morganfield and larry `` mud morganfield '' williams .
1	soil classification can be approached from the perspective of soil as a material and soil as a resource .
1	dan kelly and steve hart 's armour are still owned by the victorian police force .
1	he mostly worked in the genres of painting and applied art .
1	it officially became a village in 1712 and is first referred to as grin'wich in 1713 common council records .
1	this view sees jesus as being convinced that the world was going to end in the very near future .
1	tintigny is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
1	ignacio 's remnants moved north , bringing gusty winds to california coastal waters before dissipating .
1	a year later , collins left this position to become director of the national air and space museum .
1	the first witch hunts begin , in switzerland .
1	there he published research on the inflation tax and the impact of fiscal policy on optimal inflation .
1	name in japan , the princess 's name has always been .
1	mythology arabian horses are the topic of many myths and legends , particularly about their origins .
1	by the mid-1940s , however , big bands lost a lot of their popularity .
1	these different , discrete versions of the same gene are called alleles .
1	on november 16 , 2006 thomas signed a 2-year , $ 18 million contract with the toronto blue jays .
1	according to the prose edda , odin took loki 's three children , fenrisúlfr , hel and jörmungandr .
1	the parliament is elected directly every five years , except in bavaria where it is elected every six years .
1	luna the roman moon goddess , luna , had a temple on the aventine hill .
1	usb does not support cyclical networks and the standards connectors from incompatible usb devices are themselves incompatible .
1	by seizing cannae , hannibal had placed himself between the romans and their crucial source of supply .
1	as he tries to escape , ottavio arrives with anna , consoling her in her grief .
1	however , john paul i died after only 33 days as pope , thereby precipitating another conclave .
1	events by place europe khan kubrat starts to rule in great bulgaria .
1	british columbia 's capital is victoria , located at the southeastern tip of vancouver island .
1	like previous assessment reports , it consists of four reports , three of them from its working groups .
1	it oversees the collection , administration and distribution of music licenses and royalties .
1	tweed realizes that her pet is no longer safe with her and leaves him at a game preserve .
1	it is native to southwest europe and northwest africa .
1	summers are typically hot and muggy , fall and spring are generally mild , and winter is cold .
1	may - august - an unsuccessful siege of paris was laid by henry iv of france .
1	huckabee is the author of several books , a non-ordained southern baptist minister and a public speaker .
1	in 1986 , schröder was elected to the parliament of lower saxony and became leader of the spd group .
1	lettuce and vinegar are sometimes included , but are not among the primary ingredients .
1	that second book , the firm , became the 7th bestselling novel of 1991 .
1	note : all dates are approximate up to 841 bc .
1	the hardingfele is used for dancing , accompanied by rhythmic loud foot stomping .
1	these include lightning , industrially through the haber-bosch process , and combustion .
1	the priory of st mary 's is founded in bushmead .
1	he is best known as an educator of poor children and an advocate of conscientious objection .
1	however , richard corliss of time magazine , praised the film for an intelligent story about prejudice .
1	it has produced or distributed more than ten films with box-office grosses totalling more than $ 100 million each .
1	many people in the streets witnessed the collision , and jules naudet captured the impact on video .
1	liberation theology is a school of theology within christianity , particularly in the roman catholic church .
1	cats ' final performance on broadway was on 10 september 2000 .
1	in this definition , each game has the notation { l|r } .
1	it was declared a city in 1929 , and has a population of approximately 26,000 .
1	it was the eponymous capital of waset , the fourth upper egyptian nome .
1	he also made notable contributions to analytic geometry , probability , and optics .
1	his title of elector of the palatinate was given to his distant cousin duke maximilian of bavaria .
1	since the beginning of the 2005–06 season , munich plays its home games in the allianz arena .
1	politics corsica is currently governed almost as any other région of france , as explained in the introduction .
1	secretariat : oversees and manages all activities .
1	cage won and retained the title , but abyss attacked him and stole the belt .
1	it was released via bet and columbiabordvd.com in the us on november 24 , 2006 .
1	in 1888 , skokie was incorporated and named niles centre .
1	she starred in open graves , a 2008 horror-thriller about a satanic game co-starring mike vogel .
1	knowles rose to fame in the late 1990s as the lead singer of the girl group destiny 's child .
1	nasal hair or nose hair is the hair in the nose .
1	the nutcracker is then transformed into a prince .
1	recuperating for months in a wheelchair , she continued singing to help pay her medical bills .
1	scene 4 on the mountaintop , wotan and loge force alberich to exchange his wealth for his freedom .
1	the band themselves were nominated for the british breakthrough act award at the 2005 brit awards .
1	true conches grow a flared lip on their shells only upon reaching sexual maturity .
1	according to manetho , menes reigned for 62 years and was killed by a hippopotamus .
1	foucault was a member of the french communist party from 1950 to 1953 .
1	hummingbirds are birds in the family trochilidae , and are native to the americas .
1	hercules says sorry and they both head off to rescue alcmene .
1	the killers are an american alternative rock band from las vegas , nevada , formed in 2002 .
1	he was buried at the side of his wife in the main cemetery , hauptfriedhof , in mainz .
1	versailles was made the préfecture of the yvelines département , the largest chunk of the former seine-et-oise département .
1	he is also a visiting professor of composition at the royal academy of music .
1	in total , the band has been in over 40 us states , including hawaii .
1	in the cult series , he played the mysterious angel , a vampire with a soul .
1	as a result , candice suffered a legitimate cracked clavicle , and phoenix retained the title .
1	yudhoyono won the 2004 indonesian presidential election defeating incumbent president megawati sukarnoputri .
1	like the majority of kirby video games , kirby 's adventure is a platformer .
1	the mennonite central committee provides disaster relief around the world alongside their long-term international development programs .
1	tarsiers also have very long hind limbs .
1	the organization produces the miss universe , miss usa , and miss teen usa pageants .
1	futabasaurus is a genus of plesiosaur from the late cretaceous of fukushima , japan .
1	mick mills holds the record for ipswich league appearances , having played 591 first-team matches between 1966 and 1982 .
1	this helps to ensure theological precision and to safeguard orthodoxy .
1	the use of complementary colors is an important aspect of aesthetically pleasing art and graphic design .
1	molasses is a viscous byproduct of the processing of sugar cane or sugar beets into sugar .
1	he later reported the discoveries of four more satellites , although they were subsequently revealed as spurious .
1	upon reading the contract , hurley motioned for gaedel to take his place in the batter 's box .
1	abigail was born in stillwater , new york , 1798 , in saratoga county , new york .
1	twelve is a pentagonal number .
1	instead they went into hiding , where they were later joined by friends joe byrne and steve hart .
1	some digital gadgets support more than one memory card to ensure compatibility .
1	volume 2 natural history museum , london .
1	kyoto : the old capital , 794–1869 , p. 327 .
1	berries range in color according to species from bright red , through dark purple , and into the blues .
1	in 1979 petr shelokhonov received the title of honorable actor of russia .
1	the dutch and the spanish sign the treaty of munster , ending the eighty years ' war .
1	kangaroo rats , genus dipodomys , are small rodents native to north america .
1	documentaries and nonfictional programming such as news and sports shows are usually not classified as reality shows .
1	britain and venezuela accepted the decision of a tribunal of arbitration in 1899 .
1	larix speciosa yunnan larch * .
1	the 1994 formula one season was the 45th fia formula one world championship season .
1	august 22 — battle of the standard : david i of scotland is defeated by the english .
1	the league of nations was formed in the hope of preventing another such conflict .
1	any dead cell with exactly three live neighbours becomes a live cell .
1	nahum m. sarna , the jps torah commentary : genesis .
1	lochner was awarded the 1939 pulitzer prize for correspondence for his reporting from nazi germany in berlin .
1	today the sport is generally known simply as football in countries where it is the most popular football code .
1	their feet have webbing between all four toes , as in their relatives .
1	sabana larga , elías piña is a dominican municipal district of comendador in the elías piña province .
1	de panne is a municipality located along the north sea coast of the belgian province of west flanders .
1	the first game to feature espn integration was the college baseball game mvp 06 ncaa baseball .
1	honours bobby robson was awarded a number of honours for his contributions to football .
1	bernissart is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	in 2006 , he co-starred in the independent film manhattan minute .
1	in 1870 , engels moved to london where he and marx lived until marx 's death in 1883 .
1	the flowers are tiny , yellow , 5-petalled and are usually in twos and threes in the leaf axils .
1	the free element is a steel-grey , strong , lightweight brittle alkaline earth metal .
1	a fully grown adult is about 1.8 m/5.9 ft length and weighs 90-120 kg/198-264.6 lbs .
1	today , they are widely used throughout east asia .
1	island distribution the islands cluster into three groups .
1	in 1958 foucault left uppsala and briefly held positions at warsaw university and at the university of hamburg .
1	december august 16 american revolution battle of bennington : british forces are defeated by american troops .
1	kites have long wings and relatively weak legs .
1	james h. reid : heinrich böll .
1	römhild is a municipality in the district of hildburghausen , in thuringia , germany .
1	this is the most common form of polygamy .
1	economy the main economic activities of the municipality are tobacco , hides and milk .
1	the rebellious states defeated great britain in the american revolutionary war , the first successful colonial war of independence .
1	eldest is the second book in the inheritance cycle by christopher paolini and the sequel to eragon .
1	biography born in berlin , luther started in politics in 1907 by becoming the town councillor in magdeburg .
1	the area is characterized by wide , shallow valleys , and is strewn with piles of eroded granite blocks .
1	impact and naming the storm never approached land during its lifespan , and no damage or casualties were reported .
1	the sun god ; god of light , healing , music , poetry , prophecy , archery and truth .
1	it was incorporated on july 31 , 1875 , and became a city in 1885 .
1	bryan konietzko is the co-creator and executive producer of the popular animated series avatar : the last airbender .
1	in july 1909 marie planck died , possibly from tuberculosis .
1	man-made and natural disasters further struck the city during the 19th century .
1	he likes his black and white furry top hat , which he once lost and later found .
1	at the same time he took up acting , at first as a hobby .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 33,603 .
1	the format was essentially the same as the european format .
1	konz is a municipality in the trier-saarburg district , in rhineland-palatinate , germany .
1	a minigame , sometimes called a subgame , is a short video game often contained within another video game .
1	many of the refugees were subsequently accepted by new zealand .
1	these demons were originally storm demons , but they eventually became regarded as night demons due to mistaken etymology .
1	the indianapolis colts are a professional american football team based in indianapolis , indiana .
1	her father was the political philosopher william godwin , and her mother was the philosopher and feminist mary wollstonecraft .
1	january june january 10 archbishop of canterbury william laud is executed for treason on tower hill , london .
1	the french army uses grenadiers .
1	other games organised by the association include rounders and gaelic handball .
1	böll was awarded the georg büchner prize in 1967 and the nobel prize for literature in 1972 .
1	the clockwork mechanism in a room below weighs 5 tons .
1	there are 39 comuni in the province [ ] .
1	the profits from the concert went to harrison 's charity , the material world charitable foundation .
1	the kori salamander , hynobius yangi , is a species of lentic breeding salamander found in southeastern south korea .
1	oak lawn is a village in cook county , illinois , united states .
1	undergarments or underwear are clothes worn under other clothes , often next to the skin .
1	the narrator of `` the tell-tale heart '' is generally assumed to be male .
1	the raw 15th anniversary dvd was also released which featured some of the most memorable moments in raw history .
1	switzerland is multilingual and has four national languages : german , french , italian and romansh .
1	this incinerator is equipped with a catalytic converter which lowers the levels of nox emissions below acceptable levels .
1	the land was contested ground during the american civil war .
1	the current louisiana governor is bobby jindal , the first indian american to be elected governor .
1	type-a plugs mate only with type-a receptacles , and type-b with type-b ; they are deliberately physically incompatible .
1	he soon left his drinking and lying , and began hoping to become a missionary .
1	external links the parliament of the united kingdom .
1	in 2006 , it had a 23 % of share of the traffic to and from the airport .
1	centos community-supported distribution that aims to be compatible with red hat enterprise linux without the inclusion of proprietary software .
1	the united states agrees to transfer control of the canal to panama at the end of the 20th century .
1	kublai khan becomes a claimant to the mongol empire after the death of mongke khan .
1	the lopukhina conspiracy arises at the russian court .
1	from cambrai to italy and savoy from november 1418 to 1420 he was a subdeacon at cambrai cathedral .
1	partners or co-workers in a profession , business , or common workplace also have a long term interpersonal relationship .
1	strikes became important during the industrial revolution , when mass labour became important in factories and mines .
1	many artistic developments took place during the edo period .
1	the city also has a substantial petrochemical industry .
1	vince agreed but stubbornly insisted that wcw would eventually meet its demise when all was said and done .
1	the study of , and therapeutic interventions in , such disorders is called rheumatology .
1	however , the us continued to use its previous national definition of the length units for surveying purposes .
1	pds , party membership stood at about 11,600 members .
1	editorial stand the paper has a liberal outlook , and supports reformists in mumbai and across the world .
1	another river is the riß , an affluent of the danube crossing the district from south to north .
1	it complements the gnu general public license , which is a copyleft license designed for free software .
1	protarchaeopteryx is a genus of turkey-sized feathered theropod dinosaur from china .
1	he published two more freestanding novels , o , how the wheel becomes it !
1	like many other `` white '' butterflies , they hibernate as a pupa .
1	joubert fought back in 2005-2006 , but it was an up-and-down season .
1	undated the territory of baden-baden is inherited by the margrave of baden-durlach , forming baden .
1	some of these copies are enlarged versions of the original work , and some are sculptures of different scales .
1	magnesium is the seventh most abundant element in the earth 's crust by mass and eighth by molarity .
1	they are small annual , biennial , or short-lived perennial herbaceous plants .
1	he proposed that blood flowed through the heart in two separate closed loops .
1	some of these minerals are essential to human metabolism .
1	there are , historically , three levels of officers of arms : kings of arms , heralds and pursuivants .
1	it is known only from an opalised dentary fragment , with one premolar and two molars in situ .
1	bergdietikon is a municipality in the district of baden in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
1	kane surprised chavo by emerging from underneath the ring instead of from the entrance stage during his ring entrance .
1	it flows generally northwest , through the cities la châtre , châteauroux and loches .
1	king charles i of england disbands the english parliament .
1	this $ 13 billion was in the context of a u.s. gdp of $ 258 billion in 1948 .
1	the authorship is attributed either to the apostle john , son of zebedee or to john of patmos .
1	species list this list is in chronological order across the page by genus .
1	collapse an evolved , average-size star will now shed its outer layers as a planetary nebula .
1	king alfonso vi of castile establishes latin liturgy in the catholic church in place of the mozarabic rite .
1	the cell was first discovered by robert hooke in 1665 .
1	law and government avery county is a member of the regional high country council of governments .
1	the st. michael and st. gudula cathedral is located at the treurenberg hill in brussels , belgium .
1	the problem lies with flash memory management and is fixed remotely from earth on february 6 .
1	sindian is the tongyong pinyin spelling of the city 's name , official before january 1 , 2009 .
1	the television series is based on the arthur book series , that are illustrated and written by marc brown .
1	the other is related to latex allergies and causes urticaria and potentially serious upper gastrointestinal symptoms .
1	some focus on translating games from one language to another .
1	styles and forms of address most often , a reigning grand duke was styled royal highness .
1	aluminium is a good thermal and electrical conductor , by weight better than copper .
1	a political faction could thus be described as a “ party within a party .
1	in keeping with the show 's animation style , kyle is composed of simple geometrical shapes and primary colors .
1	zonhoven is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	europe the original inhabitants of dacia revolt against the sarmatian tribe of iazyges who had enslaved them .
1	vice admiral russell crane is the current chief of navy ; he was appointed to this position in 2008 .
1	alexandra and nicholas were married in the chapel of the winter palace of saint petersburg on 14–26 november 1894 .
1	it later joined with the east bank city of st. anthony in 1872 .
1	he only lost one amateur fight and won the 1949 intercity golden gloves championship in the heavyweight division .
1	politics after returning to british india , he became involved in politics in his native bengal .
1	spanish is the official language of uruguay and is spoken by almost all of the population .
1	n.c. wyeth was born in needham , massachusetts .
1	however , it has come over time to have a much more significant meaning to the player and fans .
1	there are no fixed criteria as to whether a modern application for a grant of arms should be allowed .
1	she died on may 22 , 1943 , and was buried next to the president at arlington national cemetery .
1	the alps are generally divided into the western alps and the eastern alps .
1	the albanian language constitutes its own branch of the indo-european language family .
1	many medieval cathedrals included gargoyles and chimeras .
1	the gujin tushu jicheng , an immense chinese encyclopedia , is printed using copper-based movable type printing .
1	thus the belgrade philharmonic orchestra was founded in 1923 .
1	he was descended , through his mother , from the powerful and historically influential alcmaeonid family .
1	after arriving in paris , he associated with utopian socialists .
1	this , however , has changed over the years .
1	about 10 % of the inhabitants of extremadura are estimated to use linex .
1	the last vestiges of serfdom were abolished in austria-hungary in 1848 .
1	the city is the county seat of limestone county , and is included in the huntsville-decatur combined statistical area .
1	this unit of length became known as the ångström unit , and later simply as the ångström .
1	a mail collar worn strapped around the neck was called a pixane or standard .
1	the capital is carson city and the largest city is las vegas .
1	salem is a city in essex county , massachusetts , united states .
1	the forthcoming release is version 6.0 , codenamed `` squeeze '' .
1	cultivation thyme is widely cultivated for its strong flavour , which is due to its content of thymol .
1	montes taurus is a rugged , jumbled mountainous region on the moon .
1	during the thirty years ' war spandau was surrendered to the swedes in 1634 .
1	the five-dollar note was issued in 1967 , after the public had become familiar with decimal currency .
1	he was the son of liisa häyrynen and the famous romantic composer , professor oskar merikanto .
1	the new stub category should be correctly added into other categories .
1	a multiplayer demo was released to the public on march 15 , 2007 .
1	as of 2000 , the population is 10,677 .
1	early career dushku came to the attention of casting agents when she was 10 .
1	poetsch despised the habsburgs and forcefully argued that all ethnic germans should be united by a single government .
1	radio 1 provides alternative genres after 7:00pm including electronic dance , hip hop , rock or interviews .
1	according to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 49,648 .
1	four is the second square number , the second centered triangular number .
1	author friedrich kellner was a justice inspector in the courthouse in mainz between 1903 and 1933 .
1	it was updated again to address new issues that have arisen due to further scientific development .
1	demographics as of 2006 , the community had a total population of 338 living in 142 dwellings .
1	history the county was formed on december 29 , 1792 from mecklenburg county .
1	the classification of the great apes has been revised several times in the last few decades .
1	in the 5th century slavs started to move into the area .
1	tran hung dao leads vietnamese forces in victory over an invading mongol army of the yuan dynasty .
1	it is located in the eastern part of the peloponnese .
1	in december 1993 , rowling and her daughter moved to be near her sister in edinburgh , scotland .
1	influenced by the balochi and sindhi languages .
1	the capital of british columbia is victoria , the 15th largest metropolitan region in canada .
1	they established themselves here and called that port menestheus 's port .
1	saint nicholas , sinterklaas , santa claus the name santa claus supposedly is derived from older dutch sinte klaas .
1	the people 's republic of china is admitted to the world trade organization after 15 years of negotiations .
1	heine continued , however , to comment on german politics and society from a distance .
1	he is commonly known as `` the father of microbiology '' , and considered to be the first microbiologist .
1	guccio was responsible for designing many of the company 's products .
1	george became king-emperor in 1910 on the death of his father , king edward vii .
1	additionally , dr. yunus has been awarded 26 honorary doctorate degrees , and 15 special awards .
1	some reports read that various factors increase the likelihood of both paralysis and hallucinations .
1	the wanted men were suspected of being in the wombat ranges north of mansfield , victoria .
1	has the second lowest career goals against average with 1.93 behind alex connell 's 1.91 .
1	sun tzu or sun zi was a chinese mathematician , flourishing sometime between the third to fifth century ad .
1	evolutionary utility masturbation may increase fertility during intercourse .
1	reclus died at torhout , near bruges , belgium .
1	the airport has up to 750 takeoffs and landings per day .
1	he died of a heart attack in 1941 while deep-sea fishing near los angeles .
1	they are often the subject of netsuke carvings and other representations .
1	bearded dragons come in a wide variety of colors , including brown , grey , reddish-brown , and orange .
1	mochitsuki mochitsuki'hi ' is the traditional mochi-pounding ceremony in japan .
1	she will leave the newborn lying out for 4-5 weeks , longer than any other antelope .
1	at that time the word great simply meant big , and had not acquired its modern connotations of excellence .
1	david hiley , western plainchant pp .
1	both high schools and the college , as well as the public library , have received high national honors .
1	religion flavian ii , patriarch of antioch , is deposed and replaced with severus .
1	only parts of the city wall have been preserved and are now under monument protection .
1	park came from an undistinguished local branch of the goryeong park descent group .
1	a general out-patient clinic is a clinic offering a community general diagnoses or treatments without an overnight stay .
1	romania the accession of romania to the european union took place on 1 january 2007 .
1	fhm was sold as part of the publishing company sale , from emap to bauer publishing in february 2008 .
1	admitted to violating the treaty of versailles .
1	during his lifetime , pachelbel was best known as an organ composer .
1	ownership is the key building block in the development of the capitalist socio-economic system .
1	parades are held for a wide range of reasons , but are usually celebrations of some kind .
1	bowell formally resigned in favour of tupper at the end of the parliamentary session .
1	in many places such as ueno park temporary paper lanterns are hung for the purpose of yozakura .
1	the paper concerned an exciting memory improvement in model 85 , a latecomer in the ibm system/360 product line .
1	history formation and origin of name jimmy eat world formed in mesa , arizona in 1994 .
1	the mongol golden horde invades the bessarabia region of moldavia .
1	hungary , germany , austria , bulgaria and turkey were also banned from competing in the games .
1	quévy is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	lakki marwat or lakki is the headquarters of lakki marwat district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
1	they were among the first western students of the 16th karmapa , to whom they became close students .
1	this yearly event includes local artists and international pop rock stars for 3 days .
1	plot synopsis in a sun-dappled forest two men are searching for buried treasure .
1	it was dalrymple who named the strait after torres .
1	notes and references bibliography the complete gods and goddesses of ancient egypt , richard h. wilkinson .
1	french authorities have banned the use of water from the gaffière and lauzon for drinking and watering of crops .
1	she was born in norwich and attended norwich high school for girls before studying music at cambridge university .
1	glau had first worked for whedon in the angel episode `` waiting in the wings '' .
1	singer paul simon is the first major artist to tour south africa after the end of the cultural boycott .
1	throughout the history of china , chinese culture has been heavily influenced by confucianism .
1	powder mills for making gunpowder - black powder or smokeless powder were usually water-powered .
1	the first recorded reference is made to the game of cricket .
1	at the lower ruwer valley are situated the villages waldrach , kasel , mertesdorf , eitelsbach and ruwer .
1	the castle of carimate is destroyed .
1	may 5 — pope gregory vi becomes the 148th pope , following the deposition of pope benedict ix .
1	the largest lake in the region is lake dukan .
1	the northern divisional offices of cork county council are located in the town .
1	aichtal is a town in the district of esslingen in baden-württemberg in southern germany .
1	it is one of the most expensive precious metals .
1	in addition , over 500,000 copies were sold within a week in mainland china .
1	during its early history , overijssel was formerly known as oversticht and also included much of modern-day drenthe .
1	it is one of the five rivers which gives the punjab region its name .
1	it is madagascar 's largest city and is its administrative , communications , and economic center .
1	an enhanced remake called super mario 64 ds was released for the nintendo ds in 2004 .
1	there are many different types of memory cards and jobs they are used for .
1	exiting the lake , it drops much more in about 25 kilometers to the sea of galilee .
1	allen writes and directs his movies and has also acted in the majority of them .
1	on may 20 , doctors announced that kennedy had a malignant glioma , a type of cancerous brain tumor .
1	the hall was the scene of a tragedy on june 16 1883 when 183 children died .
1	law and government catawba county is a member of the regional western piedmont council of governments .
1	in 1997 , approximately 8,000 criminal formations operated in the country .
1	in 1969 , the university was elected to the association of american universities .
1	as the state capital of arizona , many residents in the area are employed by the government .
1	north america - lake michigan-huron , which is hydrologically a single lake .
1	structural polysaccharides cellulose the structural component of plants are formed primarily from cellulose .
1	afterward , finlay intimidated cole and told him that postl 's name was hornswoggle .
1	the national language is dzongkha , one of 53 languages in the tibetan language family .
1	she was the youngest child of elliott tole lane , a merchant , and jane buchanan lane .
1	since 1980 's armen grigoryan participated in the development of russian rock music .
1	this is a more minimalist goal than kde , gnome et al. , which are termed desktop environments .
1	the city is a trade centre and manufactures textiles , leather , pottery , plastic , and other products .
1	zeta dissipated on january 6 , 2006 , having become the longest-lived january tropical cyclone in atlantic basin history .
1	unlike american idol , judges for the competition were selected from different backgrounds in society .
1	her name anne is the greek rendering of the hebrew name hannah .
1	tecophilaeaceae is the botanical name of a family of flowering plants .
1	he became posthumously a charter member of the hockey hall of fame in 1945 .
1	in 2002 , zeta-jones played velma kelly in the film chicago .
1	history the band was formed by vocalist and bassist fat mike and guitarist eric melvin .
1	the song is not featured in the film but is part of the official soundtrack .
1	beautiful courtesans , bulky sumo wrestlers and popular actors would be portrayed while engaged in appealing activities .
1	in may 1983 , dempsey died of natural causes at age 87 .
1	he was a member of the european parliament from 1979 to 1983 .
1	this is in contrast to physiology , which deals primarily with function .
1	wasseiges is a walloon municipality located in the province of liège , in belgium .
1	july december august 23 the university of groningen is established in the netherlands .
1	a soap bubble is a very thin film of soapy water that forms a sphere with an iridescent surface .
1	the only parts of him that still looked more or less like a puppet were his arms and legs .
1	many biennials require a cold treatment , or vernalization , before they will flower .
1	the municipality comprises the towns of dadizele and moorslede proper .
1	it enjoys the status of an official minority language in sweden .
1	notes references external links edsel.com history , specifications , resources for owners .
1	in 1990 magdeburg became the capital of the new state of saxony-anhalt within reunified germany .
1	after this date , when he had moved to frankfurt , his monogram became 'hsb ' .
1	the activists refused to leave the house and barricaded themselves inside .
1	his name is common germanic for `` stallion '' .
1	set theory is the branch of mathematics that studies sets , which are collections of objects .
1	dison is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	this is a list of countries ordered according to population .
1	within the tarsus , it articulates with the calcaneus below and navicular in front .
1	its sole species , opabinia regalis , is known from the middle cambrian burgess shale of british columbia .
1	the baltic sea drains into the kattegat through the oresund and the danish straits .
1	according to technorati , the blog is ranked among the 10 most visited blogs in the world .
1	sorengo is a municipality in the district of lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	at the start of his ministry , jesus was baptized by john the baptist .
1	description pack rats are prevalent in the deserts and highlands of western united states and northern mexico .
1	it occurs in the muscles of animals when they need energy faster than the blood can supply oxygen .
1	two major tributaries enter from the east during this last phase : the yarmouk river and jabbok river .
1	north america kiowa apache in the beginning nothing existed , only darkness was everywhere .
1	filderstadt is a town in the district of esslingen in baden-württemberg in southern germany .
1	areas for which legislative responsibility remains with the uk government include national security , terrorism , firearms and drugs .
1	the first recorded use of old lavender as a color name in english was in the year 1924 .
1	it appears as if genera from southeast asian islands and australia may be early offshoots compared to mainland forms .
1	proponents of this view include st. francis of assisi , dietrich bonhoeffer and in later life leo tolstoy .
1	during her long career , she has reached four grand slam singles quarterfinals and one grand slam singles semifinal .
1	history são tomé was founded by portugal in 1485 .
1	it contains approximately 75 percent of the atmosphere 's mass and 99 percent of its water vapor and aerosols .
1	he was a participant in world war ii .
1	amongst them is mimì , coughing violently .
1	in may 2007 , the simpsons reached their 400th episode at the end of the eighteenth season .
1	mary arthur was born in greenwich , new york to william and malvina s. arthur .
1	a month later , she published two songs on the fourth issue of the online arts publication platformsmagazine.com .
1	les bons villers is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	he also met with suu kyi later the same year .
1	he resigned the ukip whip on 27 october , 2004 and founded veritas on 2 february , 2005 .
1	the north avenue irregulars is a 1978 disney film starring edward hermann , barbara harris and susan clark .
1	family ter hachatrjan felt under the amnesty .
1	the population was 59,226 at the census in 2000 .
1	location israel national news `` kabbalist blesses jones : now 's the time to find holy lost ark '' .
1	she is fiercely loyal to mal , whom she addresses as `` sir '' .
1	this evacuation came almost four years to the day after the cedar fire of 2003 .
1	wikipedia is not a dictionary wikipedia is not a dictionary , usage , or jargon guide .
1	the third edition of the textus receptus of the bible is published .
1	in 2000 , dushku starred in soul survivors , reuniting her with race the sun co-star casey affleck .
1	it was certified platinum on june 30 , 1977 when it sold 1,000,000 copies .
1	phoenix is from a family of performers which includes his older brother , the late river phoenix .
1	the film ended up earning over $ 677 million worldwide during its theatrical run .
1	scranton is a city in the northeastern part of pennsylvania , united states .
1	references see also delta works for another major waterworks project in the netherlands .
1	in the 1950s camus devoted his efforts to human rights .
1	tajiri was the next entrant , but was also pinned by mysterio following a standing west coast pop .
1	december september 25 samuel pepys has his first cup of tea , an event recorded in his diary .
1	it is the 9th most populous city of sweden .
1	wanze is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of liège .
1	zwalm is a municipality located in flanders and in the flemish province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	this migration and origin theory is usually referred to as the recent single origin or out of africa theory .
1	genesis 25:9genesis 23:19 significance abraham is held as a founding father in the jewish , christian and islamic religions .
1	film director rainer werner fassbinder and actor yank azman were born in bad wörishofen .
1	the city is home to nagaraj cholan and many historic temples , monuments , churches and mosques .
1	in 1931 , he made the first of many visits to the west , gathering many followers .
1	theory exams these are written papers on the topic of musical theory .
1	queer duck : the movie was released on dvd on july 18 , 2006 .
1	world production in 2001 was 165 million tonnes , with an approximate value of us $ 8 billion .
1	it ended with the death of emperor aurangzeb in 1707 , although the empire continued for another 150 years .
1	the great seal of the state of oklahoma consists of a five-pointed star in a circle .
1	the archipelago is the northernmost part of norway .
1	wooden tablets and relics with fragments of text written on them have also been excavated .
1	records the other records merckx set : most career victories by a professional cyclist : 525 .
1	delibes died 20 years later in 1891 , and was buried in the cimetière de montmartre , paris .
1	anna filed for divorce in 1975 ; the divorce was finalized in march 1977 .
1	no human skeletons of this age have yet been found .
1	yudhoyono was inaugurated as president on 20 october 2004 .
1	cape york peninsula : a history of unlauded heroes 1845-2003 .
1	u.s. census bureau , `` wisconsin -- place and county subdivision .
1	in addition to the aircraft and building occupants , hundreds of rescue workers also died when the tower collapsed .
1	rogers was ordained by northwood baptist church in west palm beach .
1	the state-recognized resort of adelsheim in the neckar-odenwald-kreis looks back on a 1,200-year heritage .
1	originally given to the single best pitchers in the major leagues , the award changed its format over time .
1	he also invented the binary system , foundation of virtually all modern computer architectures .
1	january 3 , 1967 january 5 , 1971 republican ray c. osborn 37 reubin o 'd .
1	julián padrón began to write for the venezuelan magazine elite in 1929 .
1	merbes-le-château is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	events by place europe edward the elder becomes king of wessex .
1	her parents moved from gomel , belarus after the chernobyl nuclear accident in 1986 affected the region .
1	fast growth also makes eucalypts suitable as windbreaks and to reduce erosion .
1	the 1990 formula one season was the 41st fia formula one world championship season .
1	the school made arrangements for the students to join mainland and overseas cultural tours .
1	the mixed ability classes replaced the elite system in september , 1996 .
1	the language is one of the six official languages of the united nations .
1	she has a secret crush on danny .
1	oases also provide habitat for animals and even humans if the area is big enough .
1	both parts of the eastern mediterranean basin feature a vast number of islands , islets and rock islands .
1	the capital city is barcelona .
1	its capital and largest city is hyderabad .
1	it is located in the south of the netherlands , some 80 km south of amsterdam .
1	no other country had a higher percentage of its people leave for the united states except ireland and norway .
1	american indian languages : the historical linguistics of native america .
1	we will win our liberation , with our very own hands .
1	although the first had been built about 1,500 bc , hillfort building peaked during the later iron age .
1	thou sittest at the right hand of god : in the glory of the father .
1	the wreck was not salvaged , and continues to lie at the floor of the harbor .
1	the former administrative county now forms part of the districts of south lakeland and eden .
1	he died , age 45 , in the wright family home on may 30 .
1	the political , economic and cultural capital as well as largest city of alsace is strasbourg .
1	the exposed site lies approximately three kilometres beneath the ocean surface and covers thousands of square kilometres .
1	a creed is a statement of belief—usually religious belief—or faith often recited as part of a religious service .
1	chandragupta i , samudragupta , and chandragupta ii were the most notable rulers of the gupta dynasty .
1	the house of balsic 's rule of montenegro comes to an end .
1	his pupils included yfrah neaman , igor ozim , edith peinemann , and members of the amadeus quartet .
1	jurassic park iii is a 2001 film and the third and final in the jurassic park franchise .
1	al-safaniya , the world 's largest offshore oilfield , is located in the persian gulf .
1	they were described in 1936 by alan turing .
1	this horror regime has given itself a gruesome monument unto the distant time .
1	the election of 1852 would be the last presidential contest in which the whigs fielded a candidate .
1	it then started weakening as it curved towards japan .
1	it is located in the province of eastern finland and is part of the north karelia region .
1	a steel-gray metal , tungsten is found in several ores , including wolframite and scheelite .
1	references stanley chernicoff and donna whitney .
1	between 1780-1783 , he studied law under thomas jefferson .
1	events the county of portugal is established for the second time by count henry of burgundy .
1	the city is home to the lubbock lake landmark , part of the museum of texas tech university .
1	boussu is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	it is generally perceived as upscale and more sophisticated than lad mags , such as maxim or fhm .
1	centrally-located pierre is the state capital and sioux falls is the state 's largest city .
1	in about 1839 , benjamin squatted on a small area of land in an isolated valley north of murrurundi .
1	antananarivo hosts a campus of the university of madagascar and the collège rural d'ambatobe .
1	it is situated at the confluence of the rivers saar and moselle , approx .
1	he performed on a regular basis for white audiences in the 1900s .
1	undated european explorers discover niagara falls .
1	according to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 82,690 .
1	originally canceled in 2002 , the series was revived in 2005 due partly to its excellent dvd sales .
1	he arrived back in england , at spithead , on 20 march 1769 .
1	the crystal and the way of light : sutra , tantra and dzogchen .
1	this combination is often used in hindu rites and depicted in hindu iconography .
1	a physical usb device may consist of several logical sub-devices that are referred to as device functions .
1	charlotte returned alone to brussels in january 1843 to take up a teaching post at the boarding school .
1	in the film , the wolves are only in the beginning of the story .
1	the wood is strong and is water resistant .
1	it is a frequent component of major domestic political or religious changes .
1	for example , beethoven never worked as a kapellmeister , instead pursuing a career as a freelance musician .
1	evaporation is the slow vaporization of a liquid and the reverse of condensation .
1	the process of filtering the spent grain from the wort and sparge water is called wort separation .
1	he is widely recognized as the last great master of ukiyo-e , a type of japanese woodblock printing .
1	save our seatrout mangroves another important brackish water habitat is the mangrove swamp or mangal .
1	it consisted of the soviet sector of berlin that was established in 1945 .
1	it was governed at first directly by its bishop , but episcopal power declined during the 1100s .
1	characters in sense and sensibility henry dashwood — a wealthy gentleman who dies at the beginning of the story .
1	the norwegian linguist georg morgenstierne wrote that chitral is the area of the greatest linguistic diversity in the world .
1	american marketing methods also assisted sales .
1	members of the assembly are elected by citizens every five years by universal suffrage .
1	while in venice , monteverdi also finished his sixth , seventh and eighth books of madrigals .
1	são paulo officially became a city in 1711 .
1	efferent neurons transmit signals from the central nervous system to the effector cells and are sometimes called motor neurons .
1	angus t. jones as jacob david `` jake '' harper , the underachieving son of alan and judith .
1	st. peter 's basilica has the largest interior of any christian church in the world , holding 60,000 people .
1	the sierra de bahoruco , called massif de la selle in haiti .
1	in geology , rock is a naturally occurring solid aggregate of minerals and/or mineraloids .
1	vielsalm is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
1	oudenburg latin : aldenburgensis is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders .
1	music career ke is the son of the late taiwanese stuntman/actor , blackie ke shou liang .
1	he is the only australian prime minister to have been dismissed by the governor-general , using reserve powers .
1	laubach is a town known as a “ luftkurort , ” a climatic health resort .
1	holman/o'dette , grove online most of dowland 's music is for his own instrument , the lute .
1	he was generally surprised and flattered by the attention .
1	the actual process of removing the hair is referred to as electrolysis .
1	the order of the golden fleece is founded by philip iii , duke of burgundy to celebrate his marriage .
1	real 's traditional away colours are all black or all purple .
1	examples include the creative muvo , philips gogear and the ipod shuffle .
1	the playing team consists of six field players and one goalkeeper with a maximum of six substitutes .
1	the violins are divided into two groups , first violin and second violin , each with its principal .
1	loyalty is faithfulness or a devotion to a person or cause .
1	some statues seem to have been destroyed in a methodical way , their fragments dispersed .
1	these dogs are almost certainly the ancestors of the european spitz-types , such as the german spitz and schipperke .
1	they married in 1834 and had numerous children ; ben junior was the fourth child and third son .
1	at the 2004 grammy awards the song was honored with the award for best hard rock performance .
1	the precursor to hurricane beulah was a tropical wave moving across the tropical atlantic .
1	after the assassination of julius caesar , horace joined the army , serving under the generalship of brutus .
1	high rhulain is a children 's fantasy novel by brian jacques , published in 2005 .
1	a cache is a block of memory for temporary storage of data likely to be used again .
1	early years alexander bell was born in edinburgh , scotland on march 3 , 1847 .
1	the `` angels '' name originates from the city that was their original home , los angeles .
1	they drain into the urethra and near the urethral opening .
1	in 1932 the district of rheinbach was dissolved , whereby the euskirchen district gained its southern part .
1	the tahsil was located at , and had an area of 545 square miles .
1	the first was built in 1966 by resorts international , and the second in the late 1990s .
1	his reforms of the church and education systems alienated him from the people .
1	the gilbert islands became independent as kiribati on july 12 , 1979 .
1	he attained realization at a place not far from the town now known as ganagapur in north karnataka .
1	chicago once contained a large swedish enclave called andersonville on the city 's north side .
1	they are on the two inhabited islands - one is on west island and the other on home island .
1	parsifal was first produced at the second bayreuth festival in 1882 .
1	srivijaya 's capital eventually moved northward to jambi .
1	the fahrenheit scale is also commonly used in the u.s. for body temperatures .
1	the growing resort of virginia beach became an incorporated town in 1906 .
1	in 586 bce , judah was conquered by the babylonians and jerusalem and the first temple destroyed .
1	the subdivision of the country is then referred to with one number .
1	the ngultrum is the currency of bhutan and its value is pegged to the indian rupee .
1	the two main cultivated species of the coffee plant are coffea canephora and coffea arabica .
1	there , his father became a baptist minister .
1	historically , latin or romance languages have been the official languages in this region .
1	limited amounts of income from the united nations started flowing into iraq through the un oil for food program .
1	often , gum chewing can be bad for you , because it can rot your teeth .
1	young would remain with the boston team until .
1	these machines also accept major credit and debit cards : some newer machines accept cards only .
1	flórez is also active on the concert stages of europe , north america , and south america .
1	economy tuaca liqueur is produced in livorno as is galliano .
1	a transair georgian airlines tu-154 is shot down by a missile in sukhumi , georgia .
1	giro d'italia merckx won the giro d'italia in 1968 , 1970 , 1972 , 1973 and 1974 .
1	the state capital of yucatán is mérida .
1	it was formed in 1993 as part of a league realignment .
1	its sister paper , the mail on sunday was launched in 1982 .
1	most unitary authorities were created in the 1990s ; more were created in 2009 .
1	the sydney opera house is situated on bennelong point in sydney harbour , close to the sydney harbour bridge .
1	the capital and largest city of thailand is bangkok .
1	péruwelz is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	the first armoured car robbery is committed by the flatheads gang near pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
1	yohannes i becomes king of the ethiopia following the death of his father negus fasilides .
1	anhée is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	there are two nuclear power stations at dungeness , the first built in 1965 and the second in 1983 .
1	summer institute of linguistics publications in linguistics vol .
1	in aviation , a planform is the shape and layout of an airplane 's wing and fuselage .
1	steel with increased carbon content can be made harder and stronger than iron , but is also more brittle .
1	in europe , only finland has a greater density of lakes .
1	both instruments were gifts from her godmother , ismena holland .
1	western grand dukes and their sovereignties the only grand duchy in existence today is luxembourg .
1	external links the j. d. salinger `` bananafish '' discussion list .
1	do not make your signature so small that it is difficult to read .
1	mont-saint-guibert is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	it is the official language of the state of maharashtra .
1	gregory blaxland , william lawson and william wentworth succeed in crossing the blue mountains and return home .
1	approximately 42 km from mirpur , it is rapidly becoming an economic hub and commercial area of the district .
1	biography early life stevens was born in detroit , michigan and grew up there until he was nine .
1	from 1995 to 2008 , gergiev was principal conductor of the rotterdam philharmonic orchestra .
1	wesleyan university is a private liberal arts college founded in 1831 and located in middletown , connecticut .
1	in some other markets , namely north america , it was called the hyundai xg .
1	cities that have nationally well connected domestic airports are agra , kanpur , lucknow and varanasi .
1	all of minor threat 's records were released on ian mackaye and jeff nelson 's own dischord records label .
1	agriculture the county is known for its production of fraser fir christmas trees .
1	television viewers were able to watch each of the preliminaries and vote for their favorite singers .
1	he was joined by x2 screenwriters dan harris and michael dougherty and composer / editor john ottman .
1	his own madrigals are very chromatic and use varied organic counterpoint and unconventional rhythm in their construction .
1	deliberative bodies such as parliaments , legislative assemblies , and meetings of all sorts engage in debates .
1	his instruments are generally finer than his father 's , but are rare owing to his double profession .
1	an endoskeleton is an internal support structure of an animal , composed of mineralized tissue .
1	it is revealed that french museums had nearly 2,000 pieces of art that had been stolen by nazis .
1	its legs are thin and have a black stripe running down the forelegs .
1	some of these propositions show that the golden ratio is an irrational number .
1	sme server based on centos and targeting small and medium enterprises .
1	some new world porcupines live in trees , but old world porcupines stay on the ground .
1	faimes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	in the 2008 election she was re-elected as the female councillor .
1	this version of the book was published in 1813 .
1	he made his debut in the united states with us in miami in 1965 .
1	the game was released in japan and europe in 2006 , and the us version was released in 2008 .
1	poutrincourt converted membertou and local mi'kmaq to catholicism , hoping to gain financial assistance from the government .
1	the most popular mepis distribution is simplymepis , which is based primarily on debian stable .
1	gestures are resolved as follows : rock blunts or breaks scissors ; rock wins .
1	some , such as 90 antiope , are double asteroids with two comparably sized components .
1	the buildings are surrounded by lush green parkland .
1	when schumacher was four , his father modified his pedal kart by adding a small motorcycle engine .
1	a constituency is all the constituents of a particular agent or representative .
1	gutenberg died in 1468 and was buried in the franciscan church at mainz , his contributions largely unknown .
1	yuliatymoshenko 's first name is variously transliterated as yuliya , yulia , iulia , or julia .
1	they are homologous to bartholin 's glands in females .
1	moses ' wife , tzipporah , is described as a kushite in the book of numbers 12:1 .
1	its capital is the city of bern , which contains around half the population .
1	it is characterized by large multifaceted eyes , two pairs of strong transparent wings , and an elongated body .
1	up to 50 % of the interior volume of 253 mathilde consists of open space .
1	northern north america ; important in forestry .
1	ohey is a walloon municipality and village in the belgian province of namur .
1	the vandals were an east germanic tribe that entered the late roman empire during the 5th century .
1	in contrast , south australia uses district and region for its rural lga units , while tasmania uses municipality .
1	alchemy used to be common among highly important seventeenth-century scientists , such as isaac newtonnewton 's dark secrets .
1	tourism attractions in the city include the chad national museum , a cathedral and several mosques .
1	klm is the oldest airline in the world still operating under its original name .
1	a hunting dog refers to any dog who assists humans in hunting .
1	language iceland 's official written and spoken language is icelandic , a north germanic language descended from old norse .
1	humboldt 's life and travels early life and education humboldt was born in berlin in the margraviate of brandenburg .
1	granzymes are serine proteases that are released by cytoplasmic granules within cytotoxic t cells and natural killer cells .
1	the european seabass , dicentrarchus labrax , a member of the temperate bass family , moronidae .
1	mettet is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	they also have a large round scale on their cheek known as a subtympanic shield .
1	kidman was then pinned and eliminated by rey mysterio with a modified powerbomb from the top rope .
1	he is known to have been a working astronomer at least from 147 bc to 127 bc .
1	love died on june 21 , 2008 , of congestive heart failure , in poughkeepsie , new york .
1	he is survived by christopher lyall , his partner of fifty years .
1	however , she was not entirely successful at the conservatory and left to become a courtesan by 1865 .
1	in the past centuries , the language had a much larger population than it does now .
1	history saint barthélemy was first claimed by france , in 1648 .
1	a more general term that preserves the distinction between goods and services is 'commodities , ' like a flashlight .
1	much of human sexual attractiveness is governed by physical attractiveness .
1	only the winner is allowed to keep his or her earnings and return to the next show .
1	the name gila refers to the gila river basin in arizona , where they were once plentiful .
1	adaptation to the arctic spitz types are well suited to living in harsh northern climates .
1	in 1959 , he also led his first crusade , which was in australia .
1	the cardinals have a strong rivalry with the chicago cubs that began with the 1885 world series .
1	a child prodigy is someone who at an early age masters one or more skills at an adult level .
1	napalm bombs were notably used in the vietnam war .
1	he is best known for his epic poem paradise lost and for his treatise condemning censorship , areopagitica .
1	the film stars keanu reeves , dennis hopper , sandra bullock , joe morton and jeff daniels .
1	he is generally regarded as one of the finest and most versatile actors in motion picture history .
1	cultivated australian english is spoken by some within australian society , for example judy davis and geoffrey rush .
1	that same year , she gave birth to a daughter and namesake , patricia , known as tricia .
1	lessines is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	enamel 's primary mineral is hydroxyapatite , which is a crystalline calcium phosphate .
1	rob bowman and alex proyas were also rumored , though proyas personally turned it down .
1	he also proved that circuits with relays could solve boolean algebra problems .
1	for example , if they do not eat , they will die of starvation .
1	the album was critically acclaimed and was a nominee for the 2004 mercury music prize .
1	the german battleship bismarck is one of the most famous warships of the second world war .
1	in absolute terms , the united states is the world 's largest supplier of commercial nuclear power .
1	the annual mean temperature in yantai is 12 oc .
1	the city of edmonton is the seat of the provincial government—the capital of alberta .
1	large intestine after the food has been passed through the small intestine , the food enters the large intestine .
1	belœil is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	financial mathematics is the study of financial data with the tools of mathematics , mainly statistics .
1	herenthout is a municipality located in the province of antwerp in belgium .
1	operation the cheap and simple water aspirator is the most common type of aspirator .
1	the monastery has a gavit and various service buildings scattered around the site .
1	demographics by the end of 2005 , xi'an had a population of 8.07 million .
1	the vagina is remarkably elastic and stretches to many times its normal diameter during vaginal birth .
1	these two départements were created on september 15 , 1975 by splitting the hitherto united département of corse .
1	terry plays in a centre back position and is the captain of chelsea in the premier league .
1	together with charlie parker , he was a major figure in the development of bebop and modern jazz .
1	since 1903 , the official census-taking agency of the united states government has been the bureau of the census .
1	leader , 2006 , p.1 he is the father of the english novelist martin amis .
1	lieutenant bligh returned to britain and reported the mutiny to the admiralty on 15 march 1790 .
1	medicine wheels , or sacred hoops , were constructed by laying stones in a particular pattern on the ground .
1	its capital , and that of the canton , is the city of delémont .
1	she died of a stroke on june 25 , 1889 , and was buried at spiegel grove .
1	biography bagdasarian was born in fresno , california into a family of armenian origin .
1	the full name of the company is lidl stiftung & co .
1	history abdullah khan son of hassan khan was given the area of village phalla in the early 1600s .
1	rosario is a city located in the province of santa fe , argentina .
1	at the event , abyss lost when joe pinned raven .
1	it evolved from romanesque architecture and was succeeded by renaissance architecture .
1	they broke into the local police station and imprisoned police officers richards and devine in their own cell .
1	it was released may 1 , 2006 internationally , and may 9 , 2006 in the united states .
1	it consists of four chambers , the two upper atria and the two lower ventricles .
1	the district of vallemaggia is a district of the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	in the early 1980s a massive flood-control device , the thames barrier , was opened .
1	it was released on october 30 , 2006 .
1	it was directed and co-written by luc jacquet , and co-produced by bonne pioche and the national geographic society .
1	number 70529 on the mercury records catalog , it reached the billboard charts on january 29 , 1955 .
1	thucydides almost never names his informants and alludes to competing versions of events only a handful of times .
1	a changing magnetic field generates an electric field and a changing electric field results in a magnetic field .
1	she was married to gesualdo and moved with him back to his estate in 1597 .
1	from 1848 until her death at age 59 , she lived in new york city .
1	publications scope and preparation of the reports the ipcc reports are a compendium of peer reviewed and published science .
1	the main campus of the university of texas is located in austin .
1	a tropical wave left the western coast of africa on september 24 and crossed the atlantic without any development .
1	in early pregnancy , levels of estrogen increase , leading to breast growth in preparation for lactation .
1	jules naudet , a french cameraman , and pavel hlava , a czech immigrant , filmed the crash .
1	the general secretary until 2008 was peter hunt , in post since 1998 having replaced peter clarke .
1	the university of erlangen is founded .
1	as of the 2000 census , the city had a total population of 55,976 .
1	the dalai lamas were also the political leaders of lhasa-based tibetan government between the 17th century and 1959 .
1	similarly , the nazi assassins in vienna surrendered and were executed .
1	around 600 bc , sophene became part of the newly emerged ancient armenian kingdom of the orontids .
1	the journal continued under his wife edith kurzweil until it ceased publication in april 2003 .
1	this world cup was won by italy , who beat west germany 3-1 in the final .
1	the third period of the war was the extended siege of the last white forces in the crimea .
1	the word fortification can also refer to the practice of improving an area 's defense with defensive works .
1	back bacon comes from the loin in the middle of the back of the pig .
1	it is a soft , low-melting solid that can easily be cut with a knife .
1	the 49,000 capacity stadium is the home ground of the bundesliga club hannover 96 .
1	graham served as the president of northwestern college , in minnesota , from 1948 to 1952 .
1	the city of quito in ecuador is founded by spanish settlers led by sebastián de belalcázar .
1	the casa di puccini is open to the public .
1	the green bay packers are a professional american football team based in green bay , wisconsin .
1	in these matches , it is claimed that gimnasia was subject to openly biased arbitration .
1	technorati is an internet search engine for searching blogs .
1	as of the 2000 u.s. census , the county 's population was 37,238 .
1	on august , 30 bc the victor captures alexandria .
1	this was because if a pilot closed his eyes he would lower the chances of hitting his target .
1	events by place rome archelaus becomes ethnarch of judea .
1	june april the stockholms handelsbank is founded .
1	originally these programs were used to generate 35 mm slides , to be presented using a slide projector .
1	the film is a sequel to the matrix reloaded .
1	the iso is under 30 mb ; runs entirely in ram ; uses its own tazpkg package system .
1	in 1882 , a meteorological station was constructed on the summit , though it is no longer in use .
1	puck 's orbit is located between the rings of uranus and miranda .
1	the district of blenio is a district of the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	hartnell himself suggested that patrick troughton replace him as the doctor .
1	early years anthony was born in the red hook projects in brooklyn , new york city .
1	best actress , jodie foster jonathan demme won an academy award for best director .
1	release and promotion the album was released on june 4 , 2002 , in canada and the united states .
1	the service is implemented by fall line studios and disney interactive studios .
1	the wicker man is generally well regarded by critics and film enthusiasts .
1	user : example/lipsum is an example of a user subpage , named lipsum , for user example .
1	it was built from 1961 to 1967 with funding from the world bank .
1	birth of jesus christ notes : non-working holidays are not moved to another day .
1	john carteret , 2nd lord carteret becomes secretary of state for the northern department in great britain .
1	the black bars derive from the saxony-wittenberg county as the area around bad liebenwerda belonged there in the past .
1	laroque was injured during the pre-game warm up and sevigny was dressed as a back up in his place .
1	water vapor can be produced from the evaporation or boiling of liquid water or from the sublimation of ice .
1	it sold 2.5 million copies in twenty-five languages in its first eighteen months in print .
1	superunknown was nominated for a grammy award for best rock album in 1995 .
1	punt road underpasses directly under the station via a major interchange with swan street and brunton avenue .
1	richard died in captivity early the next year ; he was probably murdered .
1	early life and marriage emily tennessee donelson was born on her father 's farm in donelson , tennessee .
1	the issue had divided the country , the government , and even bowell 's own cabinet .
1	the embassy of israel is located in niban-cho in chiyoda .
1	other schisms , the reformation in denmark and the norway .
1	four-horned antelope live in dry deciduous forests and are solitary creatures .
1	this system of trading was used in particular in ancient ghana .
1	f. w. d. brie , 1906 .
1	day by day : we magnify thee ; and we worship thy name : ever world without end .
1	demography the main tribes are mair minhas , mughal kasar , gondal , sadat , janjua and awan .
1	when the empire discovers the rebel base on hoth , luke leads his squadron to cover the evacuation .
1	courchavon is also famous for its swiss chocolate and 800 pound models .
1	daikoku is variously considered to be the god of wealth , or of the household , particularly the kitchen .
1	crabs are found in all of the world 's oceans .
1	undated the markgraves of brandenburg are granted polish approval to inherit the duchy of prussia .
1	her work in film music included `` le petit chose '' by maurice cloche and a series of documentaries .
1	lauscha is a town in the district of sonneberg , in thuringia , germany .
1	it was preceded by walt disney masterpiece collection , which ran from 1994 to 2000 .
1	the canucks missed the playoffs the two seasons thereafter .
1	the industrial city of ranchi is its capital .
1	the string quartet is one of the most prominent chamber ensembles in classical music .
1	the powells returned to london during august , 1937 .
1	it was first performed at the königliches hof- und national-theater in munich , on june 21 , 1868 .
1	kanem is one of the 18 regions of chad , corresponding to the former prefecture of kanem .
1	biography life alvar aalto was born in kuortane , finland .
1	moschids live mainly in forested and alpine scrub habitats in the mountains of southern asia .
1	on march 7 , 2008 , dmitry medvedev was elected president of russia , whilst putin became prime minister .
1	walhain is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of walloon brabant .
1	it was the bloodiest single-day battle in american history , with about 23,000 casualties .
1	phantom pain is a neuropathic pain .
1	specially bred rats have been kept as pets at least since the late 19th century .
1	originating traffic users of a tor network run an onion proxy on their machine .
1	asia far east asia yamatai – japan xanadu – mongolia shamballah-gobi desert-mongolia southeast asia sukhothai ayutthaya angkor and surrounds .
1	references external links the beast with a billion backs at the infosphere .
1	ichthyophis is also found in south china and north vietnam .
1	his body was reburied under two metres of concrete to prevent further attempts .
1	the mighty ducks of anaheim were founded in 1993 by the walt disney company .
1	biography early years pitney was born in hartford , connecticut .
1	it is located near bali 's ngurah rai airport .
1	notable towns located within the hunsrück include simmern , kirchberg , and idar-oberstein , kastellaun , and morbach .
1	types of wear the study of the processes of wear is part of the discipline of tribology .
1	numerous tactics can be employed to complete the game , such as rushing or using stealth and sniping .
1	dickinson left iron maiden after a farewell tour in 1993 , to concentrate on his solo career .
1	tin hat linux based on hardened gentoo ututo made in argentina vidalinux uses anaconda as its installer .
1	as a replacement , on january 24 , 2006 , cbs corporation and warner bros .
1	however , there have also been initiatives of national dimension about the tax .
1	gravestones with inscribed epitaph are also kinds of stelae .
1	gabriel v is elected patriarch of the coptic church for the second time .
1	pisa is well known for the famous leaning tower of pisa , which is located in the city .
1	montmelon is a village and former municipality in the district of porrentruy in the canton of jura in switzerland .
1	in many fantasy novels today can be found such norse creatures as elves , dwarves , and frost jötnar .
1	odysseus builds a raft and is given clothing , food and drink by calypso .
1	he is the husband of the chancellor of germany , angela merkel .
1	waleed al-shehri and wail al-shehri sat in first class seats 2b and 2a respectively .
1	guinea 's capital city is a port on the atlantic ocean .
1	western roman empire the visigoths begin to attack the northernmost reaches of italy , causing destruction in the countryside .
1	retrieved on may 28 , 2008 .
1	its capital is a city of the same name , as sulaymaniyah .
1	what began as an interest in japanese dramas developed into an interest in japanese music .
1	history the club was formed in 1966 in san antonio , texas by donald eugene chambers .
1	rsl 's major rivals are the colorado rapids , which it competes with for the annual rocky mountain cup .
1	britten 's status as one of the greatest composers of the 20th century is now secure among professional critics .
1	when disagreement occurs , explain yourself using talk pages , and give others the opportunity to do the same .
1	he never harms mike , whom he respects , and often addresses as `` michael '' .
1	sir khawaja also became the head of the muslim league in eastern india .
1	she studied at nashville female academy in nashville , tennessee , and was considered an accomplished student .
1	chapelle-lez-herlaimont is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	signing to reprise caused many punk rock fans to regard green day as sellouts .
1	tilman berger : vom erfinden slavischer sprachen : cites wenedyk as an example of slavic-based extrapolated conlangs .
1	paper , represented by an open hand , with the fingers connected .
1	arteta 's love affair with everton references external links profile at evertonfc.com profile at yahoo !
1	plymouth ua cornwall isles of scilly sui generis ua 15 .
1	foxes are a common subject of japanese folklore ; kitsune usually refers to them in this context .
1	tourism line every year , tourism grows in curitiba .
1	zorgho is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	in microeconomics , a 'good ' is often used in this more inclusive sense of the word .
1	this would cut short the threads and ruin the silk .
1	the lake 's surface area is 0.16 km² .
1	its county seat is newton and its largest city is hickory .
1	details of the beginning of the christian church are found in the biblical book of acts of the apostles .
1	many of these species have adaptations to help in locomotion under water .
1	he published the solutions to the cubic and quartic equations in his 1545 book ars magna .
1	after their outer hull is removed , the seeds are commonly called `` beans '' .
1	it also includes many small villages like parri bangla , minapin , hopar and hispar etc .
1	the is a handheld digital pet created in 1996 by aki maita and sold by bandai .
1	it survived being pillaged by the french in 1794 , and was rebuilt by the nova scotian settlers .
1	it is located in kansas city , missouri .
1	it is a film noir based on miller 's graphic novel series of the same name .
1	he is accompanied by a crane and a turtle , which are considered to be symbols of longevity .
1	it may also eat honey , eggs , birds , flowers , tubers , fruits , grains and meat .
1	dunes are subject to different forms and sizes based on their interaction with the wind .
1	principle of operation tunnelling is a functioning concept that arises from quantum mechanics .
1	volume 2 : the international committee of the red cross .
1	they lived from the pliocene epoch from around 4.8 million to 4,500 years ago .
1	combined cycle gas turbine plants are driven by both steam and natural gas .
1	my opposition consists of 10 volumes with a total of 861 pages .
1	chiapas has an area of about .
1	history in 1827 a first district around the city of euskirchen was created , however much smaller than today .
1	during the melee that follows , musetta and marcello fall into each other 's arms and reconcile .
1	he is the father of hollywood actor and producer michael douglas .
1	she offered to shoot thiers , and suggested the destruction of paris by way of vengeance for its surrender .
1	procoptodon was one of seventeen species in three genera in the sthenurine subfamily , of whom all are extinct .
1	these examples are not exhaustive .
1	eventually hunyadi picked vlad as the kingdom of hungary 's candidate for the throne of wallachia .
1	early life born gareth david lloyd in bettws , newport , wales , united kingdom .
1	death and later events claude died in 1524 , when she was only twenty-four .
1	the government of gibraltar , headed by the chief minister is elected .
1	most of the continental army was disbanded in 1784 after the treaty of paris ended the war .
1	after its introduction to europe , the drink slowly gained popularity .
1	the atlanta thrashers are a professional ice hockey team based in atlanta , georgia .
1	it is the largest city in northern finland and the sixth largest city in the country .
1	san diego chargers lemon was signed by the san diego chargers on april 4 , 2003 .
1	james `` buster '' douglas knocks out mike tyson to win the world heavyweight boxing crown .
1	unlike cucumber , zucchini are usually served cooked .
1	at the pyrenees , he released another 11,000 iberian troops who showed reluctance to leave their homeland .
1	law and government bladen county is a member of the regional lumber river council of governments .
1	he immersed himself in theological study , and in 1479 transferred to the monastery of santa maria degli angeli .
1	when the american civil war broke out in 1861 , robert and priscilla declared loyalty to the confederacy .
1	melee and its sequel , super smash bros .
1	in 1948 remarque went back to switzerland , where he spent the rest of his life .
1	the total area is 155.12 km² .
1	the children 's crusade is a series of possibly fictitious or misinterpreted events of 1212 .
1	grendel returned to the bog to die and his arm was attached to the wall of heorot .
1	koon is multi-lingual and speaks cantonese , english , mandarin and french .
1	yorkshire and the humber is one of the nine government office regions of england .
1	history sketchup was developed by startup company @ last software , boulder , colorado which was formed in 1999 .
1	south korea , liechtenstein , and turkey did not participate in 1952 , after having competed in 1948 .
1	this day is a public holiday for all working within metropolitan melbourne , but not for country victoria .
1	one is also capable of crushing enemies with its claws .
1	sisulu 's wife and children were also active in the struggle against apartheid .
1	life born in camprodon , albéniz was a child prodigy who first performed at the age of four .
1	his jersey , # 1 , was retired in 1995 by the montreal canadiens .
1	the apache was first used in combat in 1989 , during operation just cause , the invasion of panama .
1	de valera 's opponents won the election and civil war broke out shortly afterwards in late june 1922 .
1	local government in england : government proposals for reorganisation .
1	shariati was allowed to leave the country for england .
1	the lockheed p-38 lightning was a world war ii american fighter aircraft built by lockheed .
1	genesco began liquidating kress and closing down the kress stores in 1980 .
1	wookieepedia was the most visited wiki hosted by wikia .
1	in 1902 he conducted the paris premiere of götterdämmerung by wagner .
1	the royal library of turin is a world heritage site in turin , italy .
1	they currently play in the scottish football league second division , following promotion in the 2004 05 season .
1	it is centered on , near new zealand 's bounty islands .
1	the cia denies barris ever worked for them in any capacity .
1	they placed the samurai class above the commoners : the agriculturists , artisans , and merchants .
1	lie died on 30 december , 1968 of a heart attack in geilo , norway .
1	however , billingsley did not coin the term himself .
1	it flows through the western part of russia , and is widely viewed as the national river of russia .
1	from the twelfth century the armenian khachen principality dominated the region .
1	the area a pride occupies is called a pride area , whereas that by a nomad is a range .
1	history 1.5 [ ] hayk was also the founder of the haykazuni dynasty .
1	a practitioner of martial arts is referred to as a martial artist .
1	in addition to service , a serf was required to pay certain taxes and fees .
1	speaking and writing hebrew has masculine and feminine ways of saying the words .
1	it was released in north america on july 29 , 2001 and in europe on november 1 , 2001 .
1	the black death breaks out in cairo .
1	history the district was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts belzig , brandenburg-land and potsdam-land .
1	the toyota tundra is a full-size pickup truck introduced by toyota in the year 2000 .
1	it is abbreviated to rh and has atomic number 45 .
1	she and her three sisters grew up in large homes with several servants .
1	it is also spelled izrail , izrael , azrail , ezraeil , azraille , azryel , or ozryel .
1	biography berezovsky studied at the moscow conservatory with eliso virsaladze and privately with alexander satz .
1	a second novel , venusberg , also published by duckworth , followed during 1932 .
1	as mandated by the olympic charter , various elements frame the opening ceremony of the olympic games .
1	geography the conurbation the 2001 census gave the population of accrington town as 35 203 .
1	a queen consort is the wife of a reigning king .
1	this possibility kept the asteroid at level 1 on the torino impact hazard scale until august 2006 .
1	it is typically a sweet red wine , but also comes in dry , semi-dry and white varieties .
1	labour courts also function on three levels and address disputes over collective bargaining agreements and working conditions .
1	svalbard was made a part of norway by the svalbard act of 1925 .
1	general-interest newspapers often feature articles on political events , crime , business , art/entertainment , society and sports .
1	some experts speculate that it may be the birthplace of wine production .
1	in all six , towns perform functions that in most states would be county functions .
1	n-dubz are a mobo award winning hip hop group from london , based around camden town .
1	sometimes an organism 's development is intermediate between male and female , a condition called intersex .
1	in 1985 86 the celtics fielded one of the best teams in nba history .
1	the cayman islands are also often included in the greater antilles because of their geographical proximity to cuba .
1	in the feud , cena lost his united states championship to cabinet member orlando jordan following interference from jbl .
1	events of 1340 europe has about 74 million inhabitants .
1	oil was discovered in dubai the same year , after which the town granted concessions to international oil companies .
1	high school musical 2 is the sequel to the disney channel original movie , high school musical .
1	the flowers are small , white in color and arranged in a terminal spike .
1	bangalter and de homem-christo played bass and guitar , respectively , while brancowitz performed on drums .
1	cultural references blackburn is mentioned in the the beatles song `` a day in the life '' .
1	on january 11 , 2006 , piper announced that he had been diagnosed with prostate cancer .
1	references further reading hall , john wesley .
1	tuna are several species of ocean-dwelling carnivorous fish in the family scombridae , mostly in the genus thunnus .
1	chinese money is printed in 3 colours to stymie counterfeiting .
1	it was created by whedon with buffy writer david greenwalt .
1	he currently is a studio analyst for the nfl today .
1	zoo tycoon 2 : extinct animals , was released on october 17 , 2007 .
1	for his part , whedon credits his mother , lee stearns , as the inspiration for his feminist worldview .
1	encyclopedia biblica it was one of the four cities of the syrian tetrapolis .
1	reginald `` reggie '' mantle iii , the self-confident practical joker who can date anyone he wants .
1	humans often categorize themselves in terms of race or ethnicity , sometimes on the basis of differences in appearance .
1	on may 30 , 1999 , graham was invited to give the pre-race invocation at the indianapolis 500 .
1	references books and articles online references external links badr at islamanswers.net the battle of badr at al-islam .
1	ils viennent jusque dans vos bras they come right here into your midst égorger vos fils , vos compagnes !
1	lashadweep has been declared a bird sanctuary by the wildlife institute of india .
1	league play canadian football is played at several levels in canada .
1	current genetic studies have demonstrated that humans on the african continent are most genetically diverse .
1	ghulam ahmad founded the ahmadiyya movement in 1889 .
1	ganshoren is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the brussels-capital region of belgium .
1	bagnotar is one of the 51 union councils of abbottabad district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
1	eucrites get their name from the greek word eukritos meaning `` easily distinguished '' .
1	fife and drum blues is a rural derivation of traditional country blues .
1	jeannette c. pickersgill is the first person to be officially cremated in the united kingdom .
1	atomic weights of elements with atomic numbers from 1-109 taken from this source .
1	her mother died of cancer in 1924 .
1	within a year ’ s stretch , linkin park had performed at over 320 concerts .
1	auschwitz i was the original camp , and it served as the administrative center for the whole complex .
1	quaregnon is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	the derailment seems to have been caused by defective rails .
1	until the late 1980s , homicide rates in russia were nearly similar to that in the united states .
1	owens , grove online life early years little is known of rore 's early life .
1	san francisco : pre-columbian art research institute .
1	after the independence of pakistan , mohammed rafique mughal also did exploratory work in the area .
1	a metalsmith , often shortened to smith , is a person involved in the shaping of metal objects .
1	biology vanilla orchid the main species harvested for vanillin is vanilla planifolia .
1	the goodly fellowship of the prophets : praise thee .
1	the lighthouse was built in 1859 and was the second lighthouse built in victoria .
1	water covers 71 % of the earth 's surface .
1	career haitink became second conductor of the netherlands radio union orchestra in 1955 .
1	the swedish city of karlskrona is founded , as the royal swedish navy relocates there .
1	it runs 2000 km long , approximately 3/4 of the way around tethys ' circumference .
1	coach dobbs retired after that season , and mcgraw transferred to midwestern state university in wichita falls , texas .
1	the current flag was adopted on march 1 , 1961 .
1	bridgeview is a village in cook county , illinois in the united states .
1	continental congress massachusetts sent adams to the first and second continental congresses in 1774 and from 1775 to 1777 .
1	you could see her there ev'ry day , shout `` hurray '' when they 'd play .
1	biography kafka was born into a middle-class jewish family in prague , the capital of bohemia .
1	rules the rules are almost identical to hurling , with a few exceptions .
1	he was adopted by uesugi shigesada , then daimyo of yonezawa , and in 1767 he succeeded shigesada .
1	héron is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	esler , phillip f. the early christian world .
1	jane was then taken out to tower green , inside the tower of london , and beheaded in private .
1	odessa catacombs most of the city 's 19th century houses were built of limestone mined nearby .
1	the plan was in operation for four years beginning in april 1948 .
1	it breeds on the snares , a group of islands off the southern coast of the south island .
1	in the soan river gorge many fossil bearing rocks are exposed on the surface .
1	he first visited the new world with the crew of christopher columbus 's second voyage in 1493 .
1	inari is a popular figure in both shinto and buddhist beliefs in japan .
1	he has an older sister , virginia , and an older brother , donald smith , jr .
1	the treaty requires native american plains tribes to relocate to a reservation in western oklahoma .
1	events by place roman empire the roman war against numidia and mauretania ends with their annexation .
1	in moscow in 1992 , one-quarter of the 155,000 people in his audience came forward upon his request .
1	some burroughs/unisys equipment displays a digit 0 with a reversed slash .
1	she is the member of parliament for chesham and amersham and shadow secretary of state for wales .
1	to the general public , the fia is mostly known as the governing body for many motor racing events .
1	king ganye hessou is said to have been king around 1620 .
1	features other features of the stern included lanterns and the ensign .
1	because of this , the gas is used for pest control by fumigation .
1	die wahrheit über die linke .
1	according to associate producer dave gordon , `` this is the biggest production ever filmed in canada .
1	white house hostess by the time john tyler assumed the presidency , his wife letitia was a semi-invalid .
1	ottawa hills is a village in lucas county , ohio , united states .
1	organic phosphates are important in biochemistry .
1	awards king has received many broadcasting awards .
1	many of the species have sweetly-scented , bell-shaped flowers that produce a sweet , edible nectar .
1	this means that the gap separating the two halves is a mere 60 km , or so .
1	in animals in animals , behavior is controlled by the endocrine system & the nervous system .
1	according to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 44,668 .
1	the judges are elected for a 12-year term , but they must retire when reaching the age of 68 .
1	it is an established posture of the hindu yoga tradition .
1	however , after the reunification of east and west germany , they were prosecuted by berlin regional court .
1	they also have a fovea , which is atypical for nocturnal animals .
1	as an alkyne , acetylene is unsaturated because its two carbon atoms are bonded together in a triple bond .
1	the number of deaths during 2008 was 363,500 greater than the number of births .
1	tampico is a village located in tampico township , whiteside county , illinois , united states .
1	its length is 116 km .
1	he played one game for the montreal canadiens in the national hockey league during the 1957-1958 season .
1	in biology , binomial nomenclature is the formal system of naming species .
1	the yarra trams fleet consists of almost 500 trams , operated from eight depots located around the system .
1	light travels along the fiber bouncing back and forth off of the boundary .
1	there were twenty tropical cyclones , four of which were in the central pacific .
1	the flowers are generally small and white , radially symmetric , and can be either uni- or bi- .
1	reznor later released the slip in 2008 for free download .
1	the island is named after the day of its recorded discovery , ascension day .
1	there are several types of wordplay used in cryptics .
1	later , protector of bohemia and moravia 1939-43 .
1	see the list of webkinz stuffed animals for a complete list of pets .
1	each gland forms as an outpocketing of the wall of ampulla of each vas deferens .
1	melting , the process of turning a solid to a liquid , is almost the exact opposite of freezing .
1	a new deal mural hanging in the bay minette post office depicts the removal of the county seat .
1	soldiers captured during his africa campaign were reported to have been largely treated humanely .
1	lad was formerly a member of the net .
1	the remake was directed by masayuki ochiai , and was released on march 21 , 2008 .
1	the change in wind can be 90 degrees in direction and 40 kt in speed .
1	from its headwaters it flows to its confluence with the murray river .
1	according to the 1998 census has a population of 151,000district government of rawalpindi .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 6,885 .
1	the product of this gene is a chloride ion channel important in creating sweat , digestive juices and mucus .
1	the flattening allows more ommatidia to receive light from a spot and therefore higher resolution .
1	they had three daughters , ivy , stella and vera by 1891 .
1	lawrence left his collection of 8,000 bird skins to the american museum of natural history .
1	personal life evan lysacek was born in chicago , illinois and raised in naperville , illinois .
1	the next rugby world cup is slated for 2011 in new zealand .
1	by topic arts and sciences diophantus writes arithmetica , the first systematic treatise on algebra .
1	john ross became the chief of the tribe in 1828 and remained the chief until his death in 1866 .
1	geography and demographics in the town live approximately 18,000 inhabitants .
1	tiel is a municipality and a town in the middle of the netherlands .
1	a serious fire occurs at st paul 's cathedral in london .
1	hospitals wake county is served by three hospitals , rex hospital , wakemed , and duke raleigh hospital .
1	most significant among them were the ukiyo-e form of wood-block print , and the kabuki and bunraku theaters .
1	he was also the first person to reach both the north and south poles .
1	his replacement was former raiders quarterback tom flores , the first hispanic head coach in nfl history .
1	his career was then interrupted by the second world war .
1	the court system the judicial system comprises three types of courts .
1	around 1910 , the spelling of the village 's name was changed to niles center .
1	sif mons , a mons of the planet venus , is named after sif .
1	a mother is a biological and/or social female parent of an offspring .
1	his parents , who were farmers , died when mcdowell was a youth .
1	only the shell of the outer walls remained .
1	if these witnesses can not be produced then the punishment can not be carried out .
1	the performances have received positive reviews from the media as well as overwhelming support from fans .
1	that location closed after several years of successful operation .
1	the west slavs are slavic peoples speaking west slavic languages .
1	altogether , there are sixteen known iron oxides and oxyhydroxides .
1	in the human anatomy , the chin is the lowermost part of the face .
1	in 1999 , the hudson-developed mario party series began on the nintendo 64 .
1	in 1921 , johnson broke young 's career record for strikeouts .
1	goat rock protrudes into the pacific at the south end of goat rock beach .
1	early life and career burnside was born in harmontown , mississippi , in lafayette county .
1	a seam ripper , stitch ripper or stitch unpicker is a small tool used for unpicking stitches .
1	the 2006 commonwealth games were held in melbourne , victoria , australia between 15 march and 26 march 2006 .
1	mary shelley was born mary wollstonecraft godwin in somers town , london , in 1797 .
1	the surface of most metals consists of oxides and hydroxides in the presence of air .
1	chinchillas , chinchillidae , chinchilla lanigera , chinchilla brevicaudata the giant chinchilla species has been hunted to extinction .
1	some transistors are packaged individually but most are found in integrated circuits .
1	during a number of loops through hamburg , the hill waseberg is climbed a number of times .
1	oberägeri , until 1798 simply known as ägeri , is a municipality in the canton of zug in switzerland .
1	on 30 november 2006 , a referendum was held to approve a new constitution .
1	chemnitzer land is a former district in the free state of saxony , germany .
1	rajput they are the second largest tribe , and play an active role in politics and bureaucracy .
1	frankfurt-hahn airport , a growing low-fare carrier and cargo airport is also located within the region .
1	vättern is also noted for its fishing , serving people in the nearby districts .
1	tobacco : in 1984 he wrote that nicotine has an addictiveness similar to that of heroin or cocaine .
1	the detroit tigers are a major league baseball team based in detroit , michigan .
1	the seat of the district is the city of morges .
1	some historians think that the denomination developed out of the seventh-century islamic sect known as the khawarij or kharijites .
1	the actual international border bridge crossing is between wellesley island in the united states and hill island in canada .
1	during the second world war cossacks found themselves on both sides of the conflict once again .
1	schaunard , urged by colline , quietly departs to give mimì and rodolfo time together .
1	he tells xena to stop hercules from going to thebes because there is a trap set for him there .
1	during meiosis , the chromosomes of each pair usually cross over to achieve genetic recombination .
1	personal life ensler is jewish and graduated from middlebury college in 1975 .
1	the river aire is a major river in yorkshire , england of length .
1	the day commemorates st dwynwen , the patron saint of welsh lovers .
1	this term is used in particular for the practice of collecting autographs of celebrities .
1	law and government granville county is a member of the kerr-tar regional council of governments .
1	in 1965 , he wrote the popular the james bond dossier under his own name .
1	in the past , the colonies have been at war with a cybernetic race known as the cylons .
1	isolde collapses beside her deceased lover just as the appearance of another ship is announced .
1	the great expulsion of the acadians begins .
1	this airport has a designed capability of 300 passengers/peak hour or 500,000 passengers per annum .
1	the holiday is named after two among the numerous early christian martyrs named valentine .
1	prequels and sequel harry potter and the half-blood prince is the sixth book in the harry potter series .
1	the better flavour is a result of the plant sending all its nutrients to the growing leaves .
1	this spanish word has a long history , developed from the latin word vacca .
1	the on board machines currently sell city saver , 2 hour , daily and senior tickets .
1	its capital was kept at aguayo , which would later be renamed ciudad victoria .
1	it also has an extensive museum of musical instruments which is open to the public , see below .
1	such stars are said to be on the main sequence and are called dwarf stars .
1	every year they play in a promenade concert in the royal albert hall to promote music making .
1	this is called incomplete metamorphosis and insects showing this are termed hemimetabolous .
1	thus from white oak , he went to princeton , where he worked on his equilibrium theory .
1	see also family tree of the greek gods and the list of greek mythological creatures .
1	the statue on top of the dome is the statue of freedom .
1	some thick limestone beds dating to the mid- to late-paleozoic are almost entirely made up of disarticulated crinoid fragments .
1	the supreme court building is the seat of the supreme court of the united states .
1	history leicestershire was recorded in the domesday book in four wapentakes : guthlaxton , framland , goscote and gartree .
1	by the middle of the 16th century , a high percentage of all masses composed used the parody technique .
1	he placed 12th at the olympics and 21st at worlds , held in calgary .
1	examples one example is the steeping of maize , part of the milling process .
1	the west midlands county is one of the most heavily urbanised counties in the uk .
1	the following is a comparative table classifying the moons of the solar system by diameter .
1	immediately afterward , wwe undisputed championship returned to being the wwe championship .
1	vacheron constantin is a swiss manufacture of prestige watches and a brand of the richemont group .
1	the visual system is the part of the central nervous system which enables organisms to see .
1	frederick drowned in cilicia in 1190 , leaving an unstable alliance between the english and the french .
1	alpirsbach is a town in the district of freudenstadt in baden-württemberg in southern germany .
1	today seminars continue to be conducted around the world and have an alumni base of more than 2.5 million .
1	logroño is a city in northern spain , on the ebro river .
1	the pennines are a low-rising mountain range in northern england and southern scotland .
1	there is also a regional airport near batman .
1	irene goergens - april 1951 - irene goergens was the abandoned , illegitimate daughter of an american soldier .
1	his body was returned to bayreuth and buried in the garden of the villa wahnfried .
1	later , he failed a fourth time , and subsequently gave up his bid for the vice president position .
1	among these letters are some of the earliest extant christian documents .
1	the county seat is concord , which was incorporated in 1803 .
1	the main religions of the punjab region are , in order of population , islam , sikhism and hinduism .
1	murphy was born in 1952 , in new york city , new york , and grew up in manhattan .
1	the race lasts three weeks and attracts cyclists from around the world .
1	otters are playful animals and appear to engage in various behaviors for sheer enjoyment .
1	plot wicked science tells the story of two teenagers who are mysteriously turned into wizards of science .
1	personal life dahlström was born in gävle , sweden , and grew up in stockholm .
1	tim minear also contributed at essential key junctures .
1	a hookah pipe or a bong provides water filtration , cooling the smoke for a smoother inhalation .
1	this first temple was destroyed by the babylonians in 586 bce when they sacked the city .
1	use gauchos use boleadoras to capture running cattle or game .
1	the free world is a cold war-era term often applied to or used by non-communist nations to describe themselves .
1	events june 17 - geoffrey of anjou marries matilda , daughter of henry i of england .
1	they had no children and divorced on september 22 , 1947 , on the grounds of incompatibility .
1	the majority of his disciples hail from taiwan , singapore , indonesia , and malaysia .
1	she is the second american idol winner to have 2 or more nominations after the release of one album .
1	archeological excavation and carbon dating of grape pips from the area have dated back to 7000-5000 bc .
1	he appears on the album trespass as well as the genesis archive 1967-75 box set .
1	he is the member of parliament for doncaster north and the secretary of state for energy and climate change .
1	the anaheim ducks are a professional ice hockey team based in anaheim , california , usa .
1	charlotte amalie is the capital and largest city of the u.s. virgin islands .
1	modern arcadia arcadia has its present-day capital at tripoli .
1	as part of the 2008 wwe supplemental draft , hornswoggle was drafted to the ecw brand along with finlay .
1	operation the rsa algorithm involves three steps : key generation , encryption and decryption .
1	in contrast , the bulk of the continental crust is much older .
1	british empire the british used north america as a penal colony through a system of indentured servitude .
1	founded in 1869 , `` killie '' are the oldest club currently in the scottish premier league .
1	an old wives ' tale has it that bats will entangle themselves in people 's hair .
1	in 1978 he founded tenzing norgay adventures , [ ] a company providing trekking adventures in the himalaya .
1	first movement the first movement is in sonata form , and the mood is often stormy .
1	physically , taekwondo develops strength , speed , balance , flexibility , and stamina .
1	bmk carpets the carpets manufactured in kilmarnock were internationally known for their quality and intricacy since the late 1800s .
1	formula one portal the 2005 formula one season was the 56th fia formula one world championship season .
1	she was diagnosed with lung cancer in 2005 , and died on march 6 , 2006 at age 44 .
1	dispensationalism , first developed by the plymouth brethren , divides human history into a series of ages or dispensations .
1	each ovary is then attached to the fimbria of the fallopian tube .
1	the ruhleben football association was formed with pentland as chairman and cameron as secretary .
1	a defensive wall is a fortification used to defend a city or settlement from potential aggressors .
1	if they are worshipped one at a time , then each is supreme in turn .
1	officer is unmanned , and is in metcard zone 2 .
1	over three hundred of those are in active development , constantly being revised and improved .
1	its main hub is john f. kennedy international airport , also in queens .
1	hantuchová speaks six languages and was trained as a classical pianist .
1	undated treviranus uses the term biology for the first time .
1	as of 2008 , ron huldai is mayor of tel aviv , having held that office since 1998 .
1	jinnah continued to correspond cordially with his daughter , but their personal relationship was strained .
1	iquitos has long been a major port in the amazon basin .
1	according to the 2001 census the city has a total area of 236.68 km² .
1	asia vietnam is given the official name of annam by china .
1	religion saint augustine becomes bishop of hippo regius .
1	moore 's james bond was light-hearted , more so than any other official actor to portray the character .
1	if the mass is doubled , the threshold called smallest noticeable difference also doubles .
1	life and work autolycus was born in pitane , a town of aeolis within western anatolia .
1	iron is a group 8 and period 4 element and is therefore classified as a transition metal .
1	no names were retired , and so this list will be reused in its entirety for the 2012 season .
1	life and career toller cranston was born in hamilton , ontario in 1949 and grew up in kirkland lake .
1	frugalware a general purpose linux distribution designed for intermediate users .
1	he has composed and arranged scores for more than 500 film and television productions .
1	in 2001 , however , nintendo released super smash bros .
1	the buffalo bills are a professional american football team based in the metropolitan area of buffalo , new york .
1	after the festival , the band described the concert as `` the best gig of our lives '' .
1	districts klang is divided into klang north and klang south , which are separated by the klang river .
1	all information found on the site is without any implied warranty of fitness for any purpose or use whatsoever .
1	the question is whether knowing the warden 's answer changes the prisoner 's chances of being pardoned .
1	the most common form consists of a handle , shaft and head .
1	an ion consisting of a single atom is called a monatomic ion .
1	it is , essentially , the far-northern equivalent of the eastern and western grey kangaroos .
1	the glorious company of the apostles : praise thee .
1	robert college has been the most expensive private school in turkey over the years .
1	endocarditis is an inflammation of the inner layer of the heart , the endocardium .
1	integrating these findings into a working taxonomy will continue to be a challenge in the coming years .
1	the demonstrations , meetings and strikes that resulted all but shut the university down .
1	the mpaa administers the voluntary but dominant mpaa film rating system .
1	a playwright , also known as a dramatist , is a person who writes dramatic literature or drama .
1	moraines may be composed of debris ranging in size from silt-like glacial flour to large boulders .
1	head of the river leine on the river leine is one of the biggest rowing regattas in hanover .
1	he won the calder memorial trophy for rookie of the year , for which kovalchuk was also nominated .
1	late frosts can damage the flower buds , resulting in misshaped flowers .
1	eggs are considered a good source of protein and choline .
1	links ara gevorgian 's official site ara gevorgyan-my sardarabad gevorgyan at mtv .
1	originally an agricultural and market town , chelmsford has been an important centre for industry since the 19th century .
1	the true egyptian pronunciation remains uncertain , however , because their writing system usually did not feature vowels .
1	founded by the lascaris family , it lasted from 1204 to 1261 .
1	aquifer depth aquifers can occur at various depths .
1	everywhere he goes , he winds up seducing the local women , even the devil 's wife .
1	notes references joseph p. farrell .
1	he also voiced rabbit in winnie the pooh and a day for eeyore after the death of junius matthews .
1	in 1986 he became professor at the free university of berlin and at the technical university of berlin .
1	on returning to england he was in jesuit orders for a while , before working as a secular priest .
1	the mongols seize moscow , at the time a small town .
1	graphite is combined with clays to form the 'lead ' used in pencils used for writing and drawing .
1	conquerors of everest early life there are conflicting accounts about his early life .
1	the village maintains a full time police and fire rescue department .
1	the majority of the population of the district practise hinduism .
1	this variant of the name is used mostly in english , french and german-speaking countries .
1	little else is known regarding their feeding habits , but considering their environment , a fussy palate is unlikely .
1	it is situated at the mouth of the river wear .
1	çaykur rizespor is a turkish sports club based in rize .
1	neuhaus am rennweg is a town in the district of sonneberg , in thuringia , germany .
1	aberdeen grammar school is opened .
1	his first acting role was as a robot in a junior school play .
1	daikoku 's association with wealth and prosperity gave rise to a strange custom known as fuku-nusubi .
1	events april 16 — the last byzantine-controlled city in southern italy , bari , is captured by robert guiscard .
1	the oracle education foundation is a nonprofit organization funded by oracle corporation .
1	the wisconsin river is a tributary of the mississippi river in the u.s. state of wisconsin .
1	differences from novel the first season of dexter is based on the novel darkly dreaming dexter by jeff lindsay .
1	the coup leaders quickly issued an emergency decree suspending political activity and banning most newspapers .
1	with a population of 464,678 inhabitants as of the , it is argentina 's 8th largest city .
1	it is opposite the polish town of zgorzelec , which was a part of görlitz until 1945 .
1	various denominations divide these statements into ten in different ways , and may also translate the commandments differently .
1	honey is a 2003 motion picture released by universal pictures .
1	ganymede 's discovery is credited to galileo galilei , who observed it in 1610 .
1	bhopal became the new capital of the state .
1	it was written in 1939 in cuba and key west , and was finished in july 1940 .
1	elvira is convinced and descends to the street .
1	the wigmore hall 's current director is 34 year-old irishman , john gilhooly , a classical singer .
1	both h. antecessor and h. heidelbergensis are likely descended from the morphologically very similar homo ergaster from africa .
1	after the war , tokyo was completely rebuilt , and showcased to the world during the 1964 summer olympics .
1	his name is derived from the french chausseur , meaning shoemaker .
1	transport the town has two railway stations on two separate railway lines .
1	he was married to barinova elena aleksandrovna .
1	sessions of the ipcc bureau , workshops , expert and lead authors meetings are by invitation only .
1	in 2007 she became the presenter of itv 's coverage of the british touring car championship alongside ted kravitz .
1	manure is organic matter used as organic fertilizer in agriculture .
1	rules bughouse is a chess variant played on two chessboards by four players in teams of two .
1	it is the third largest district in jammu and kashmir after leh and kargil .
1	he earned his juris doctor degree from the university of mississippi school of law in 1981 .
1	on 30 march 1945 the city was taken by the red army .
1	some friends general conference quakers are `` post-christian '' and some non-theists .
1	the state capital is bismarck and the largest city is fargo .
1	in germany , it was shown on rtl in the afternoon programme and on weekends .
1	there were many newspapers and magazines published for young pioneers in millions of copies .
1	with 239 km² the canton is one of the smallest of the cantons in terms of area .
1	sushi rolls can also be made with brown rice and black rice .
1	scotland resists a small invasion force from england lead by richard ii .
1	the eldest of two children , her younger sister , aimee graham , is also an actress and writer .
1	the fielding side has all 11 players on the field together .
1	in dutch , the language is referred to as nederlands .
1	after a brief hunter 's chorus , andres asks wozzeck why he is sitting by himself .
1	the workshop was established in 1817 , burning down on one occasion , but is still working .
1	it joins the atlantic near greenland and iceland , and joins the pacific at the bering strait .
1	if you have questions , wikiproject wikipedia awards is a group of volunteers who help guide these pages .
1	purcell 's wife frances and three of his six children survived him .
1	the term derives from the latin patronatus , the formal relationship between a patronus and his clientes .
1	igrejinha is a town located in the serra gaúcha of rio grande do sul , brazil .
1	the drum-major comes in , intoxicated , and rouses wozzeck out of bed to fight with him .
1	florenville is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
1	jordan played on two olympic gold medal-winning american basketball teams .
1	sommerfeld died in 1951 in munich from injuries after a traffic accident while walking with his grandchildren .
1	the current office-holder is mary mcaleese who took office on 11 november 1997 .
1	after his graduation koechlin became a freelance composer and teacher .
1	galena is a mineral , lead sulfide , an important lead ore .
1	badshah munir bukhari has worked on the language and its family .
1	notation is read from left to right , which makes setting music for right-to-left scripts difficult .
1	the crust and underlying relatively rigid mantle make up the lithosphere .
1	in 1980 , jean picker firstenberg became director and ceo .
1	niklaus is a municipality in the district of lebern in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
1	it lived during the aptian age of the lower cretaceous .
1	between 1842 and 1863 he traveled to germany , england , austria , russia and elsewhere , w3 .
1	it will remain submerged in the fluid , but it will neither sink nor float .
1	bird was voted to the nba 's 50th anniversary all-time teamlarry bird summary nba.com .
1	the first recorded use of lime green as a color name in english was in 1905 .
1	events of 1445 senegal and cape verde are discovered by dinas diaz .
1	it is situated about 10 km north of stuttgart , and 5 km south of ludwigsburg .
1	the fall of hyperion is the second science fiction novel by dan simmons in his hyperion cantos fictional universe .
1	here it is pumped out the pulmonary semilunar valve and travels through the pulmonary artery to the lungs .
1	the program was transmitted by onda cero radio until july 2007 , when the last program was broadcasted .
1	donceel is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	pairs of towers on the east and west facades served as gates through which the rue saint-antoine passed .
1	in 1575 , she married nádasdy in vranov .
1	undated a dutch ship makes the first recorded sighting of the coast of south australia .
1	tropical storm arlene formed near honduras on june 8 and moved northwards .
1	the total area is 11.64 km² , of which the imperial palace takes up 12 percent .
1	he is best known for the role of simon camden on the long running television series 7th heaven .
1	it became part of the reconstituted state of brandenburg with german reunification in 1990 .
1	as the hill people lack awareness about the markets , they are unable to get a proper return .
1	a device that only holds information is a recording medium .
1	the district-free city eisenach is nearly completely surrounded by the district .
1	telford 's population is ethnically white , comprising 93.8 % of the population .
1	in 2007 , the band was inducted into the rock and roll hall of fame .
1	a devout roman catholic , she and her husband are eucharistic ministers at their local parish in maryland .
1	opabinia probably used its proboscis to search the sediment for food particles and pass them to its mouth .
1	a dupatta is traditionally worn across both shoulders .
1	general practice clinics are run by one or more general practitioners or practice managers .
1	nfl europa was an american football league which operated in europe from 1991 until 2007 .
1	warren and marshall were awarded the nobel prize in medicine in 2005 for their work on h. pylori .
1	she was awarded the elizabeth cady stanton visionary award in 1998 for advancing the careers of women in music .
1	in tundra , the vegetation is composed of dwarf shrubs , sedges and grasses , mosses , and lichens .
1	in the southwest it borders on the bergisches land .
1	law and government johnston county is a member of the regional triangle j council of governments .
1	under the westminster system , an item of primary legislation is known as an act of parliament after enactment .
1	it is located in the province of western finland and is part of the central finland region .
1	eolas media went into voluntary liquidation in 2000 and the eolas tv company became mactv .
1	his political career began with the florida house of representatives , serving six consecutive terms .
1	also see bbc 6 music rock on - 'born to rocks ' opens , bbc 6 music website .
1	rhenium resembles manganese chemically and is obtained as a by-product of molybdenum and copper refinement .
1	white phosphorus is insoluble in water but soluble in carbon disulfide .
1	the fourth major outbreak of the sweating sickness occurs in england .
1	the nearest commercial jet airport is on the neighboring island of saint maarten : princess juliana international airport .
1	in december 1964 , construction workers in stepney accidentally dug into the vault and found anne 's coffin .
1	acting upon orders she said she received from christ , faustina had a picture of this vision painted .
1	this is called as negative deviation from raoult 's law .
1	today , kimonos are most often worn by women , and on special occasions .
1	traditional areas such as forestry and agriculture are still of importance .
1	floreffe is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	the urban area extends beyond the limits of bucharest proper and has a population of 2.1 million people .
1	the arabs lose madrid to the kingdom of leon .
1	monte carasso is a municipality in the district of bellinzona in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	thin wafers are of particular importance since there has been a silicon shortage in recent years .
1	here he earned his only academic degree , at the university of harderwijk , in 6 days .
1	tsv schwieberdingen is a german football club that plays in schwieberdingen , baden-württemberg .
1	mbi consists of three major ministries : education , broadcasting and publishing .
1	onegin implores her , but she finally leaves him alone in his despair .
1	the landmark was built between 1907 and 1911 after a design by the architects jules & raymond février .
1	cardinal hume centre the cardinal hume rose is named after him .
1	polyphosphates cause polymerization of amino acids into peptides .
1	it is located in the province of eastern finland and is part of north karelia region .
1	his first wife , whose name is not recorded , died during the siege of his castle in 1462 .
1	this gene family plays a key role in the control of embryonic development in all multicellular animals .
1	it grazes on a mixture of grass and water plants .
1	sony ericsson wta tour singles rankings she turned professional in 1992 .
1	with the exception of the polar bear the bears are mostly forest species .
1	an oven used for heating or for industrial processes is called a furnace or industrial oven .
1	borg 's six french open singles titles remains a record in the open era for a male player .
1	personal life on july 19 , 2003 , hart married musician mark wilkerson .
1	since independence , the city has grown rapidly and now houses nearly half the national population .
1	historically hereford has been the county town of herefordshire .
1	the philosophical context of yantra yantra function as revelatory conduits of cosmic truths .
1	see also residue number system .
1	combining their efforts , ratchet and clank learn that drek has developed a weapon called the `` deplanetizer '' .
1	the former location of the fort is currently called the place de la bastille .
1	on several occasions he visited the studio of the flemish painter and sculptor achilles moortgat .
1	while in bologna he became a deacon , and by 1428 he was a priest .
1	lions live for around 10–14 years in the wild , while in captivity they can live over 20 years .
1	it was commissioned in 1806 after the victory at austerlitz by emperor napoleon at the peak of his fortunes .
1	traditionally , neuroscience has been seen as a branch of the biological sciences .
1	it is the second-largest airport in spain , and the largest on the mediterranean coast .
1	the bankstown bunker is currently buried under a public park which lies at the end of taylor street .
1	the jersey is predominantly white with five horizontal bands in the uci colours around the chest .
1	the fires forced approximately 1,000,000 people to evacuate their homes , the largest evacuation in california 's history .
1	they include various familiar animals , such as crabs , lobsters , crayfish , shrimp , krill and barnacles .
1	it is the only semitic language written in the latin alphabet in its standard form .
1	tears are the liquid product of a process of crying to clean and lubricate the eyes .
1	spiders and cockroaches , for example , have hairs on their legs which are used for detecting sound .
1	major league baseball recognized those events officially by sponsoring a centennial of professional baseball in 1969 .
1	she played the finals of the mixed doubles at the us open , partnering with max mirnyi .
1	saint-nicolas-de-port is a commune in the meurthe-et-moselle department in northeastern france .
1	the crime rate in russia sharply increased during the late 1980s .
1	economy the plainisphare record label is based in vich .
1	by 1563 lassus had been appointed maestro di cappella , succeeding ludwig daser in the post .
1	they have problems caring for their feet and have more severe dental problems than the general population .
1	those who could do so fled and many itzá people hid in the jungle for years .
1	muscle tissue muscle cells form the active contractile tissue of the body known as muscle tissue .
1	scene 2 : reception room in prince gremin 's house tatyana has received a letter from onegin .
1	it is most often used in arenas for sports that were originally or are normally played on grass .
1	whedon , firefly companion , vol 1 , 132 all nine cast members were chosen before filming began .
1	palin was the first female governor of alaska and the youngest person ever elected governor of that state .
1	wanting to be with her lover for all eternity , aurora asked zeus to grant immortality to tithonus .
1	since , the ecj has heldjoined cases 286/82 and 26/83 graziana luisi and giuseppe carbone v ministero del tesoro .
1	in some contexts , it is simply abbreviated as apap , for n-acetyl-para-aminophenol .
1	the los angeles revival is considered to be the time when graham became a national religious figure .
1	by the 1960s , more than 200 man-made lakes had been created , the most in the nation .
1	trees grow shorter towards the inhospitable climate until they simply stop growing .
1	while at oxford he was successful in athletics , competing in sprinting and hurdling .
1	the james cotton blues band received a grammy nomination in 1984 for live from chicago : mr. superharp himself !
1	his travel writings and his extensive diaries and correspondence have also been published .
1	the first shires were created by the anglo-saxons in what is now central and southern england .
1	june january 25 moscow university is established on tatiana day .
1	compound a compound pulley is a combination of a fixed and a movable pulley system .
1	as in the rest of brazil , football is by far the most popular sport in the city .
1	he attempted to escape his assailants through a sewer after tearing up the floorboards of the room .
1	bbc learning english is a department of the bbc world service devoted to english language teaching .
1	iraq was also stuck with a war debt of roughly $ 75 billion .
1	the democrats took control of the house in 1910 and elected woodrow wilson as president in 1912 and 1916 .
1	new york , ny : st. martin 's griffin , 2002 .
1	the vast majority of great britain 's public clocks were being synchronised using gmt by 1855 .
1	after poland regained independence in 1918 , the powiats again became the basic territorial units throughout the country .
1	when handwritten , they should be underlined ; for example , homo sapiens .
1	more common in recent centuries is to paraphrase the sermon and in so doing make it far less radical .
1	here are the rules of brahmagupta : the sum of zero and a negative number is negative .
1	salamat was one of the 14 prefectures of chad .
1	flow is a five-piece band made up of two vocalists , a drummer , a bassist and a guitarist .
1	in its modern usage , the term was first used by king charles of england in 1639 .
1	she was sworn in as united states senator on january 3 , 2001 .
1	she received an emmy award nomination for the show for each of the first four seasons .
1	almere is a city and municipality in flevoland , the netherlands , bordering lelystad and zeewolde .
1	after the independence of india , the state of tamil nadu was created based on linguistic boundaries .
1	others aspects sita sita is one of the most popular divinities of hinduism .
1	it is a measure of the independent stature of a summit ; compare topographic profile .
1	toki pona is a constructed language first published online in mid-2001 .
1	the capital , gandhinagar is a planned city and having best infrastructure of the world .
1	she currently lives in allen , texas .
1	it is the second largest wikipedia , after the english wikipedia , wikimedia list of wikipedias and their statistics .
1	the 2005 mexican census population was 4,293,459 people .
1	water gardening is concerned with growing plants adapted to pools and ponds .
1	the town along with dunga gali constituted a notified area under the punjab municipalities act , 1891 .
1	in 1888 , harry seeley classified dinosaurs into two orders , based on their hip structure .
1	it is the most common and widespread form of sociality .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 24,298 .
1	francis died on 5 december 1560 , of an ear infection which led to an abscess in his brain .
1	act 3 scene 1 in lulu 's luxurious house in paris the scene is a party in a casino .
1	it is situated on the pegnitz river and the rhine-main-danube canal and is franconia 's largest city .
1	gabrielle scoops up porphyrion who had grabbed hercules .
1	pearce , david w. and r. kerry turner , 1990 .
1	world war i separated grabowski from his family who had fled to russia .
1	arabic language versions are , as appropriate , in parentheses .
1	its diameter is estimated to be about 3.5 km .
1	schöneberg is a locality of berlin , germany .
1	about 99 % of modern ships use diesel reciprocating engines .
1	as a result , she displays schizophrenia and often hears voices .
1	in the following period , it was mainly used by the kyburger house .
1	insulting or disparaging an editor is a personal attack regardless of the manner in which it is done .
1	mt . yoshino is famous for its many thousands of sakura trees .
1	engis is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	constantine the great the emperor constantine i was exposed to christianity by his mother , helena .
1	forrest gump is a american comedy-drama film based on the 1986 novel of the same name by winston groom .
1	he studied law at coimbra university during the first years of the republican government .
1	following dollfuss ' murder in 1934 , he became a state councillor from 1937 under kurt schuschnigg .
1	on december 28 , 2005 , fahrenheit officially became a vocal quartet boy band .
1	sioux falls is the county seat of minnehaha county , and also extends into lincoln county to the south .
1	matera is a town and a province in the region of basilicata , in southern italy .
1	the series was in production from 1991 to 1994 , and again from 1996 to 2004 .
1	chari-baguirmi was one of the 14 prefectures of chad .
1	current biography yearbook 1942 new york : h.w . wilson , 1943 .
1	as said previously , the muon may bump the electron from one of the hydrogen isotopes .
1	odori grew out of kabuki drama and is more oriented toward male sentiments .
1	she then became the first priestess of demeter .
1	a drop shot in tennis is slicing , putting a backspin on the ball just over the net .
1	kampala is the largest city and capital of uganda .
1	some of the most beautiful and famous traceried windows of europe employ this type of tracery .
1	plant genlisea margaretae 63,400,000 smallest recorded flowering plant genome , 2006 .
1	emus are farmed primarily for their meat , leather , and oil .
1	this property was first realized by evangelista torricelli even before calculus had been invented .
1	she was also the principal for the dramatens elevskola for two periods ; in 1831-1834 and 1841-1856 .
1	she disappeared in 1988 in mourmelon , and her body was later found in the nearby woods .
1	it is in need of resignalling , and this work is planned to be carried out by 2014 .
1	the abdomen is behind and often used for swimming .
1	he also set a record for most shutouts in a post-season with six .
1	flora is standing next to venus and scattering roses , the flowers of the goddess of love .
1	europe in europe the tobin tax idea was the subject of much discussion in the summer of 2001 .
1	the binomial name , binomial nomenclature or `` binomen '' is the currently accepted scientific name for a species .
1	her notorious friendship with the russian mystic grigori rasputin was also an important factor in her life .
1	his second wife , annalena mcafee , was formerly the editor of the guardian 's review section .
1	sky news radio is a provider of news bulletins for radio stations in the united kingdom .
1	the current taoiseach is brian cowen , td , leader of the fianna fáil party .
1	lohn-ammannsegg is a municipality in the district of wasseramt in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
1	danger statistically , alaskan crab fishing remains one of the most dangerous jobs in the united states .
1	he grabbed a dove , bit its head off , then spat the head out .
1	see also maritime museum external links musée maritime fluvial et portuaire de rouen official site .
1	in july , 1881 , president james garfield was fatally wounded and died on september 19 , 1881 .
1	types of watermills gristmills , or corn mills , grind grains into flour .
1	wild blueberries , strawberries and mushrooms are to be found in the forests .
1	during the play , violet signs the marriage document with her left hand to invalidate the bill .
1	slax a very popular live cd which aims to provide a complete desktop for general use .
1	oreye is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	in other words , it is the maximum energy per unit volume that can be elastically stored .
1	the malakand pass is a mountain pass in malakand district , north-west frontier province , pakistan .
1	metabolism - is the medication converted chemically inside the body , and into which substances .
1	undated the steel crossbow is first used as a weapon of war .
1	almazán is a municipality located in the province of soria , castile and león , spain .
1	early adult life powell came to work in london during the autumn of 1926 .
1	this name is used as a common term because khanpur has had a long history of producing clay bowls .
1	construction and assembly of the power plant started in august 2005 and was completed in march 2006 .
1	taluka municipal administration sukkur administration sukkur city taluka is administratively subdivided into 11 union councils .
1	arundel castle in arundel , west sussex , england is a restored medieval castle .
1	cash refers to money in the physical form of currency , such as banknotes and coins .
1	in 1975 the district got its present size when the municipality niederkrüchten was moved to the district viersen .
1	the new york giants are a professional american football team based in east rutherford , new jersey .
1	u.s. president richard nixon announces that a peace accord has been reached in vietnam .
1	the funeral of this popular leader drew a crowd of over half a million .
1	tiberius makes his triumphant procession through rome after the siege of germany .
1	venezuela formally raised the issue again in 1962 , four years before guyana won independence from britain .
1	the city of coral springs was chartered on july 10 , 1963 .
1	aarau was declared the capital of the new , enlarged canton of aargau .
1	this led to several run-in appearances of wcw wrestlers during raw and smackdown !
1	chatmon played the banjo , mandolin , and harmonica in addition to the guitar .
1	tainan also served as the capital of the republic of formosa after the japanese took taipei bloodlessly .
1	although particles and their antiparticles have opposite charges , electrically neutral particles need not be identical to their antiparticles .
1	it was further agreed that winter games would be held every four years .
1	the kalabhras were displaced around the 6th century with the revival of pallava and pandya power .
1	he spent the next few seasons in the minor leagues before being released by the astros in 1984 .
1	she is not to be confused with yui , another j-pop singer .
1	other influences included naturalism and kraussism , a philosophical current which promoted the cultural and ethical regeneration of spain .
1	many of his paintings are single figures of beautiful women .
1	the show was hosted by todd newton and initially aired until 2003 ; reruns continue to air on gsn .
1	goosebumps was a series of young adult 's horror fiction novellas created and authored by r. l. stine .
1	the ds lite is a slimmer and lighter version of the nintendo ds and has brighter screens .
1	the payment for someone else 's labor and all income received from ones own labor is wages .
1	the chinese government accepted the aid of the tzu chi foundation from taiwan late on may 13 .
1	when police shot demonstrators in masan , the student-led april 19 movement forced rhee to resign on april 26 .
1	the capital city of flanders is brussels .
1	beef jerky is dried , salted , smoked beef popular in the united states .
1	the club was founded as an amateur side in 1878 .
1	in popular music the hammond-style organs used in more popular genres such as jazz , gospel and pop music .
1	in 1803 eschelbronn became a part of baden .
1	economy the province is rich in material resources such as iron and nickel .
1	three main varieties of australian english are spoken according to linguists : broad , general and cultivated .
1	the players have to memorize the positions of the pieces on the chess board .
1	a bureau of the united states department of the interior , it is that department 's sole scientific agency .
1	devanagari is the official script for konkani in goa .
1	wikipedia should not offer first-hand news reports on breaking stories .
1	the christopher columbus museum remembers christopher columbus , the italian navigator who died in valladolid .
1	the university of valladolid is founded in spain .
1	blankenberge is a town and a municipality in the belgian province of west flanders .
1	the west part and the most industrial region of the canton is called chablais .
1	estinnes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	there was no damage or casualties as blanca 's impact was generally minimal .
1	concord is the state capital , while manchester is the largest city in the state .
1	the series premiered on january 22 , 2003 on the u.s. cable television network comedy central .
1	they usually have long tails for tight steering .
1	on october 14 , united states reconnaissance observed missile bases being built in cuba .
1	with martin lovett as cellist , the amadeus gave their first concert at the wigmore hall in 1948 .
1	by topic religion dionysius exiguus produces his tables for computing the date of easter .
1	jammu and kashmir is referred to in pakistan as indian-occupied kashmir .
1	he founded a new school of psychotherapy , called analytical psychology or jungian psychology .
1	the declaration was adopted by the un general assembly on december 10 , 1948 .
1	military forces were formed for protection , and government bureaucracies for administration .
1	tsunami and inquiry into its causes 3.89.2-5 campaigns of demosthenes in western greece .
1	early life john bardeen was born in madison , wisconsin on may 23 , 1908 .
1	a loom is a machine or device for weaving thread or yarn into textiles .
1	fort abbas is an historic city of bahawalnagar district in the punjab province of pakistan .
1	axopodia are mostly responsible for phagocytosis , by rapidly retracting in response to physical contacts .
1	the convent has been the official residence of the governor of gibraltar since 1728 .
1	unlike hoar frost , which has a feathery appearance , rime generally has an icy solid appearance .
1	the office of prime minister is , in practice , the most powerful political office in australia .
1	george allen & unwin , ltd. of london published the first edition of the hobbit on 21 september 1937 .
1	in 1950 , skiatron tested its subscriber-vision system on wor in new york city .
1	in 1751 his eyesight started to fail in one eye .
1	the sun , 19 october 2007 .
1	cluny or clugny is a commune in the saône-et-loire department in the region of bourgogne in eastern france .
1	hot soba dishes soba is also often served as a noodle soup in a bowl of hot tsuyu .
1	he made a few recollections of muscatine in his book life on the mississippi .
1	new york : clarkson potter/publishers , 2001 .
1	wounds , open-access , print and online , peer-reviewed journal featuring articles about wound care and related research .
1	moreover , this protection ended up costing far more than the harvest was worth .
1	he was elected president of mali in the 2002 presidential election .
1	knitting can be accomplished by machine , while many crochet stitches can only be crafted by hand .
1	stairway trails stairway trails are another way to ascend higher slopes .
1	impact , records and naming melissa remained away from land during its lifespan , never threatening any land areas .
1	i had then to take sleeping pills .
1	there are different types of competition in the sport of rowing .
1	suriname is situated between french guiana to the east and guyana to the west .
1	rowling then moved to porto , portugal to teach english as a foreign language .
1	allergic reaction to contact with specific chemicals , such as urushiol , derived from poison ivy or poison oak .
1	much of our information about his reign comes from the accounts of portuguese travelers domingo paes and fernao nuniz .
1	in petoskey he attended harbor light christian school as well as the prestigious interlochen arts academy .
1	the port of rotterdam is the largest in europe .
1	in the end judas gives way to despair .
1	its capital is the town of biltine .
1	most bulgarians began to re-settle in haskovo at the beginning of the nineteenth century .
1	namibia obtained full independence from south africa in 1990 .
1	he also fell in love with aloysia weber , one of four daughters in a musical family .
1	the summer convention of 1966 was moved even farther west , this time to clear lake , iowa .
1	its largest city and capital is la paz , a tourist resort and historic landmark .
1	undertow is the debut full-length album by american progressive metal band tool , released in 1993 .
1	uurad is succeeded by bred , then ciniod as king of the picts .
1	calcium carbonate is the active ingredient in agricultural lime , and is usually the principal cause of hard water .
1	unable to work , he lived at home with his parents for almost a year .
1	it replaced the haitian gourde at par and was divided into 8 reales .
1	it was written and directed by steven lisberger .
1	the match ended in a no contest when kid kash and dallas interfered .
1	it is hoped that 30 % of the force will be made up of catholics by 2011 .
1	heimdall is the guardian of the gods and of the link between midgard and asgard , the bifrost bridge .
1	history the first records of a settlement can be dated back to the 12th century .
1	major cities are la paz , el alto , santa cruz de la sierra , and cochabamba .
1	the legacy of suharto 's 32-year rule is debated both in indonesia and abroad .
1	the baptismal record gives his name in latinized form as joannes chrysostomus wolfgangus theophilus mozart .
1	the orchestra 's chief executive , appointed in 1999 , is stephen maddock .
1	budai in folklore is admired for his happiness , plenitude , and wisdom of contentment .
1	the foundation stone of the minoritenkirche in vienna is laid by king otakar ii of bohemia .
1	crudup stopped recording in the 1950s , however , after further battles over royalties .
1	this incident implied an open connection between the atlantic and pacific oceans .
1	saxon switzerland alone has some 1,000 climbing peaks , as well as several hollows .
1	the eruption causes deaths of livestock when they eat contaminated grass and also widespread crop failure .
1	holland taylor as evelyn harper , charlie and alan 's conceited , self-centered mother and jake 's grandmother .
1	new jersey is broken up into 21 counties ; 13 date from the colonial era .
1	larix olgensis southern , long-bracted larix potaninii chinese larch .
1	the funeral drew between 30,000 and 40,000 people out on the streets of his home town to honor him .
1	they were first contacted in only 1995 , when they numbered seven people .
1	in africa , mombasa and zanzibar are captured by oman .
1	events and trends sonni ali , first songhai king , conquered many of his african neighbors .
1	thuin is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	commonly it refers to a bright blue , resembling the sky on a bright , clear day .
1	this route was usable only on the lower part of the tide .
1	it was won by óscar pereiro following the disqualification of apparent winner floyd landis .
1	legacy hugh capet died on 24 october 996 in paris and was interred in the saint denis basilica .
1	the capital of the province is the city of groningen .
1	he is also renowned for his work in mechanics , fluid dynamics , optics , and astronomy .
1	jak and daxter is a video game franchise originally developed by naughty dog for the playstation 2 .
1	snowball is a fictional pig in the book animal farm written by george orwell .
1	background eido was born to a sunni muslim family in the bachoura neighborhood of beirut .
1	on 2 august 1990 , saddam invaded and annexed kuwait , thus sparking an international crisis .
1	his symbols were the male gangnihessou-bird , a drum , and a hunting stick with throwing stick .
1	events of 1699 january to june january 26 – treaty of karlowitz is concluded .
1	this store can be seen today on quai de l ’ ile .
1	he is best known for his ongoing epic a song of ice and fire series .
1	the tours of belgium and luxembourg will continue as such .
1	on july 11 , 2008 , debakey died of natural causes at the methodist hospital in houston .
1	alfonso , winner of the wager , tells the men to forgive their fiancées .
1	the event lasts for two days and regularly attracts about 250,000 visitors .
1	there are also two torres strait islander communities on the nearby coast of the mainland at bamaga and seisia .
1	there is currently no vaccine or cure for hiv or aids .
1	while training after the injury , batista re-tore his triceps , extending his stay on the sidelines .
1	in practice , the earl marshal usually leaves affairs to the professional heralds of the college .
1	tickets for the event commenced sale to the public on november 3 , 2007 .
1	the stranger is asked to join cleopas and his friend for the evening meal .
1	early life kidman was born in honolulu , hawaii .
1	his career in cinema started in 1914 , when a casual acquaintance offered him a part in a film .
1	it was given the temporary designation s/1989 n 5 .
1	kaplan , lawrence s. nato divided , nato united : the evolution of an alliance .
1	geum rivale , the water avens , is a flowering plant of the family rosaceae .
1	in 1904 , the russo-japanese war pushed the russians out of the fight for korea .
1	mary was betrothed in december 1507 to charles of castile , later holy roman emperor .
1	numerous species have an operculum which in many species is a sort of a trapdoor to close the shell .
1	in september 1979 , the school could at last move into the 24-classroom premises in wo che estate .
1	sartene has given its name to one of the southern-corsican dialects that are most like the sardinian gallurese dialect .
1	uses rye bread , including pumpernickel , is a widely eaten food in northern and eastern europe .
1	he made his first record on vocalion under his own name two years later .
1	october 13 , 2005 ; scott joined gfi in oct. 2008 .
1	she had four children by clare , and three or four by monthermer .
1	in military terms , it is a ship used by the commanding officer of a group of naval ships .
1	by topic religion october 18 : the church of the holy sepulchre is destroyed by caliph al-hakim bi-amr allah .
1	the lake and the mountains attract many tourists , both during the winter and the summer .
1	the 1993 formula one season was the 44th fia formula one world championship season .
1	scrivener , terry fox , 2000 , p.233 death terry fox is today considered a national hero of canada .
1	perwez is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	geography while china has the largest population of hmong people , an exact figure is hard to determine .
1	jesters are stereotypically thought to have worn brightly colored clothes and eccentric hats in a motley pattern .
1	apollo is the son of zeus and leto , and has a twin sister , the chaste huntress artemis .
1	children often receive red envelopes emblazoned with the takarabune which contain gifts of money around the new year .
1	diversity ohio state 's main campus has been lauded in recent years for the diversity of its student body .
1	lorette is a commune in the loire department in central france .
1	perch have `` rough '' or ctenoid scales .
1	the same system is available in 37 mm size for law enforcement agencies .
1	the four ancient tamil empires of chera , chola , pandya and pallavas were of ancient origins .
1	this is the principle of responsible government .
1	the surviving species consist of the platypus and 4 species of echidna .
1	the champions for 2008 are cork .
1	the award is named after hugo gernsback , the founder of the pioneering science fiction magazine amazing stories .
1	disney was given a choice of having working fountains or running toilets and he chose the latter .
1	the small intestine is the site where most of the nutrients from ingested food are absorbed .
1	the name `` xp '' is short for `` experience '' .
1	it superseded the chamberlin , which was the world 's first sample-playback keyboard .
1	after making some initial gains , iraq 's troops began to suffer losses from human wave attacks by iran .
1	the capital is honiara , located on the island of guadalcanal .
1	he was the founding pastor of the thomas road baptist church , a megachurch in lynchburg , virginia .
1	hendrix began experimenting with different combinations of musicians and instruments , and modern electronic effects .
1	it is located west of lake hallwil and covers parts of the wyna and suhre valleys .
1	the capital city of seoul is also the country 's largest city and chief industrial center .
1	charlemagne was to intervene in church affairs , not always being successful .
1	it is a spin-off from the terminator series of films .
1	it opened in 1992 , and the extension to noisy-le-sec was completed in december 2003 .
1	timur appoints his son miran shah as timurid viceroy of present-day azerbaijan .
1	reading abbey is founded in england .
1	ballintubber abbey is founded by king cathal crovdearg o'connor of connaught in ireland .
1	a chemist is a scientist trained in the science of chemistry .
1	franz ferdinand are a scottish rock band that formed in glasgow , scotland , in 2002 .
1	the western roman empire was less fortunate .
1	enola and helen look out to him drifting away , back to his old life .
1	titan was discovered on march 25 , 1655 , by the dutch astronomer christiaan huygens .
1	the guess who were a canadian rock band from winnipeg , manitoba .
1	the donnas are an american all-female hard rock band from palo alto , california .
1	in 1992 , mike d founded the beastie boys now-defunct record label grand royal records .
1	because of this , stephen euin cobb is somewhere between 1/8 and 1/4 native american .
1	they grow to 4 – 30m tall , and some are dry-season deciduous .
1	the festival was held in new orleans , which was recovering from hurricane katrina .
1	players typically serve overhead , but it may be performed underhand or overhead .
1	the legislative buildings at queen 's park in toronto are the seat of government .
1	biography chadwick was born in bollington , cheshire to john joseph chadwick and annie mary née knowles .
1	the best of these works combined hilarious political and cultural satire with witty grand opera parodies .
1	before giltner 's reinforcements arrived , duke and his men counterattacked the union line—routing it and forcing a withdrawal .
1	frederick , as did other german princes , allowed lutheran reforms to be implemented in his domain .
1	as the national cargo airline of israel , it operates to destinations in asia , europe and north america .
1	reggae is a music genre first developed in jamaica in the late 1960s .
1	termites are sometimes called `` white ants '' , though they are unrelated to true ants .
1	the eye is often visible in satellite images as a small , circular , cloud-free spot .
1	gohar shahi departed on 25 november 2001 , in manchester , uk , of pneumonia .
1	around 25 thousand people enjoy the fun and several concerts , electronic music tents , and fashion shows .
1	in 1361 it became the capital of hungary .
1	the protestant reformation begins in sweden .
1	this person serves on the national security council within the executive office of the president .
1	the 1992 winter games were the last to be staged in the same year as the summer games .
1	the symbol for the planet venus is the sign also used in biology for the female sex .
1	television in 2007 , the ifl made a television deal with fox sports net and mynetworktv .
1	along with coins , banknotes make up the cash or bearer forms of all modern money .
1	bon accord , is the motto of the city and is french literally for `` good agreement '' .
1	rostov-on-don has experienced considerable economic growth in recent years , as the russian economy recovers nationwide .
1	the first main route passed through the sahara , tying in to the arab slave trade .
1	its diet would probably have included worms and grubs rather than ants .
1	turnhout is a belgian municipality located in the flemish province of antwerp .
1	hall of fame induction grant fuhr was inducted into the hockey hall of fame on november 2 , 2003 .
1	however , the terms are often used synonymously along with the term `` battle ready '' .
1	josé antonio remón cantera , president of panama , is assassinated at a race track in panama city .
1	fc köln is a german football club based in cologne , north rhine-westphalia .
1	it is the largest in scandinavia and the 17th largest in europe .
1	climate one difference between neptune and uranus is the typical level of meteorological activity .
1	she started her professional career by deputising for leon goossens in the drury lane orchestra .
1	among the multiple thick forms of hot chocolate served in europe is the italian cioccolata densa .
1	many applicants travelled long distances to take part in the competition hoping to become a star .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 14,526 .
1	this was the first time since record-keeping began that any east pacific storm had taken such a path .
1	she also won the senior all japan championships and placed 4th at her first senior world championships .
1	the first is usually taken from the old testament and the second from the new testament .
1	the city of montauban , france is founded .
1	he was reelected to a second term in 2002 by an overwhelming margin .
1	some fixation occurs in lightning strikes , but most fixation is done by free-living or symbiotic bacteria .
1	bundy confessed to her murder , but her body was never found .
1	laylat ul isra and mi'raj is arabic for the “ night of the journey and ascension ” .
1	ambassador to austria 1934-38 and ambassador to turkey 1939-1944 .
1	the structure of dna , the very template of life , was discovered , clayton , julie .
1	nevertheless , there are many other labour mps who are co-operative party members but are not directly sponsored .
1	meltdowns that have occurred a number of russian nuclear submarines have experienced nuclear meltdowns .
1	today , the state is known as a state of festivals and of fine wine .
1	though bowell denounced them as `` a nest of traitors , '' he had to agree to resign .
1	it is a salt water fish , and is found in tropical and subtropical oceans worldwide .
1	a muffin is a type of bread that is baked in small portions .
1	in genetic sex determination systems , an organism 's sex is determined by the genome it inherits .
1	it is the capital of the päijänne tavastia region located in the province of southern finland .
1	there are different types of eyes to the hooks .
1	he also served as chief conductor of the bbc symphony orchestra .
1	there are two types of plastics : thermoplastics and thermosets .
1	in 1974 , the capital of the country was formally moved from zomba to lilongwe .
1	the police used tear gas on the rioters , and a number of arrests were made .
1	the middle section is controlled by a series of massive hydroelectric dams fuelling significant russian primary industry .
1	it is particularly widely used in turkish , greek , spanish and in italian cuisine .
1	the dassault mirage 2000 is a french multirole fourth-generation jet fighter manufactured by dassault aviation .
1	a third edition was published in 1817 .
1	his music has been likened to electronica and aesthetically compared to the minimalism of steve reich .
1	biography early life brad delson attended agoura high school with childhood friend and linkin park band mate mike shinoda .
1	december july 16 grants of land in canada to american loyalists are announced .
1	later observations in september 2005 with the vlt allowed the determination of an orbit .
1	the name means literally `` holy spirit '' after the holy ghost of christianity .
1	the president of the commission and all the other commissioners are nominated by the council .
1	mount hiei in folklore mount hiei has featured in many folk tales over the ages .
1	dynamic navigation boxes use a combination of css and javascript to make collapsible navigation boxes .
1	the population of the metropolitan area was 265,974 inhabitants as per the 1999 census .
1	it also allowed for connectivity to the contemporary game boy advance to access exclusive features of certain games .
1	may continuous riots in rome induce pope gregory xi to move temporarily back to avignon .
1	players current squads first-team squad as of 14 august 2009 .
1	a cylinder is the central working part of a reciprocating engine , the space in which a piston travels .
1	this theory forms the basis of the turing test .
1	the red allotrope does not spontaneously ignite in air and is not as dangerous as the white form .
1	nightwish performs a blend of power metal and symphonic metal .
1	by june 2008 , technorati indexes 112.8 million blogs and over 250 million pieces of tagged social media .
1	before embarking on his professional wrestling career , he was a police officer in the punjab state police .
1	the first web site built was at cern , and was first put on line on 6 august 1991 .
1	each point of an n-dimensional differentiable manifold has a tangent space .
1	in clathrate structures , gases are enclosed in an icy cage and look like packed snow .
1	in mathematics forty-six is a wedderburn-etherington number , an enneagonal number and a centered triangular number .
1	dakar replaced saint-louis as the capital of french west africa in 1902 .
1	at backlash , benoit retained the world title , after he forced michaels to submit to the sharpshooter .
1	statistics the following is a table of the provinces and their capital cities .
1	ohio state 's library system encompasses twenty-one libraries located on its columbus campus .
1	egypt is annexed to the roman republic , and octavianus becomes the undisputed ruler of rome and her subjects .
1	he became scientific adviser to the army council from 1943-1946 , serving on several high-level committees .
1	hermeskeil is a municipality in the trier-saarburg district , in rhineland-palatinate , germany .
1	upon seeing the polish family ahead of him , aschenbach follows distractedly .
1	his success resulted in his being dubbed the `` king of pop '' .
1	a secretary , gladys davis , recorded his readings in shorthand .
1	it is closely related to several other edible tropical fruits including the lychee , longan , and mamoncillo .
1	he ends his career with the distinction of the most decorated french player in history .
1	this is a list of species in the genus salvia , the sages and claries .
1	a baseball is a ball used primarily in the sport of the same name , baseball .
1	in 1951 , american astronomer harlow shapley announced that proxima centauri was a flare star .
1	early life campbell-bannerman was born at kelvinside house in glasgow , scotland , in 1836 as henry campbell .
1	willis has won a variety of awards and has received various honors throughout his career in television and film .
1	cetology is the branch of marine science associated with the study of cetaceans .
1	wikipedia is a free , some versions , such as the english language version , contain non-free content .
1	since their founding year , the club have played at their home ground of st. james ' park .
1	after it was reforged , it could cleave an anvil in twain .
1	triple h entered to `` the game '' performed live by motörhead .
1	the duke of medina sidonia decides to return to spain .
1	external links archives alvar aalto foundation custodian of aalto 's architectural drawings and writings .
1	there are many shape variations of inflatable paintball bunkers .
1	june january 17 – pope gregory xi moves the papacy back from avignon to rome .
1	the next day rev . crisparkle has followed rosa to london .
1	the london borough of croydon is the local education authority for the borough .
1	in botany , a leaf is an above-ground plant organ specialized for photosynthesis .
1	this is an example of a homeostatic negative feedback loop .
1	aztec cities aztlán- the ancient home of the aztecs teotihuacan – pre-aztec mexico .
1	diest is a city and municipality located in the belgian province of flemish brabant .
1	she was later appointed as a professor of physics at jahangirnagar university .
1	history dijon began as a roman settlement called divio , located on the road from lyon to paris .
1	jude law has quipped , `` nobody 's asked me .
1	the first episode aired on 13 january 2008 on bbc one and bbc hd in the uk .
1	earlier in the season , he again finished fifth in the ronde van vlaanderen and sixth in gent-wevelgem .
1	praetorius was born in lippstadt as the son of matthes schulze .
1	his nephew , also named zerah colburn , was a noted locomotive engineer and technical journalist .
1	ottignies-louvain-la-neuve is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	asia the khmers are expelled from luang phrabang in laos .
1	bath and north east somerset ua 2 .
1	warner officially adopted brenda 's two children , son zachary and daughter jesse , after they became married .
1	law and government nash county is a member of the regional upper coastal plain council of governments .
1	black flag was an american punk rock band formed in 1976 in hermosa beach , california .
1	russian criminals who were shipped to siberia can arguably be regarded as convicts .
1	the leaves are dark green and elliptic , six to fifteen centimetres long and three to four centimetres wide .
1	when scott left in 2002 , rice-oxley became the main composer .
1	the latter do not serve as clergy , which the bahá ' í faith does not have .
1	this incident famously inspired the song `` smoke on the water '' .
1	by 8.30 pm he had attracted the attention of the watchman for the maritime service board , james cargill .
1	he is perhaps best known for his novella carmen , which became the basis of bizet 's opera carmen .
1	the university of jyväskylä is one of the most popular universities in finland .
1	he was the first president to be assassinated or to lie in state .
1	sicily is today an autonomous region of italy .
1	cozumel is a popular tourist destination renowned for its scuba diving and snorkeling .
1	roosendaal founded nan in june 1998 to further develop and distribute the program .
1	his work on the magnetic spectrum of the beta-rays helped to develop a better understanding of nuclear structure .
1	the ottoman turks besiege vienna .
1	aircraft carriers an aircraft carrier is a warship that functions as a floating airport for military aircraft .
1	pune is also the birthplace of spiritual guru meher baba , although pilgrims usually travel to meherabad .
1	today , restored , the palace forms part of the complex of buildings housing the hermitage museum .
1	pompey was a rival of marcus licinius crassus , and at first an ally to gaius julius caesar .
1	apple announces iwork '06 includes new transitions/animations , new themes and graphics .
1	thus , freedom and material equality are seen as intrinsically connected .
1	southeast asia is the region of primary diversity of the banana .
1	after the wwf/wwe name change in 2002 , the championship was subsequently referred to as the wwe intercontinental championship .
1	it is approximately 2,500 kilometres in diameter and 27 % more massive than pluto .
1	in japan in the japanese cuisine , chefs often use shellfish and their roe in different dishes .
1	manhattan is the third-largest of new york 's five boroughs in population but the smallest in area .
1	it has been suggested that brahui might be a remnant of the language spoken in the indus valley civilisation .
1	the crust of the earth is composed of a great variety of igneous , metamorphic , and sedimentary rocks .
1	some genres of music make different use of rhythm than others .
1	his mother , an amateur pianist , taught him to play and music formed a part of family life .
1	the soviets hung large red banners across it to prevent him looking into the east .
1	her second husband was charles viii of france , whom she married at chateau langeais on 6 december 1491 .
1	this was under the autocratic rule of its controversial communist leader , jános kádár .
1	bananas are a valuable source of vitamin b6 , vitamin c , and potassium .
1	also nearby is the village with the longest official place name in the united kingdom , llanfairpwllgwyngyllgogerychwyrndrobwllllantysiliogogogoch .
1	an eyelash or simply lash is one of the hairs that grow at the edge of the eyelid .
1	the capital and largest city is thimphu .
1	the ten limbs are divided into 8 arms and 2 tentacles .
1	he has received a tony award and two academy award nominations .
1	carteret county is a county located in the u.s. state of north carolina .
1	the flowers of jamun are fragrant and small , about 5 mm in diameter .
1	portsmouth is an independent city located in the u.s. commonwealth of virginia .
1	the river indus passes from north to south on western side of the district and touches dera ghazi khan .
1	it is most widely known for being the year in which world war ii ended .
1	he was most famous as being a production and character designer for hanna-barbera productions shows such as scooby-doo .
1	kiko made landfall on the eastern shore of baja california sur on the morning of august 27 .
1	island records is a record label that was founded by british record producers in jamaica .
1	hibernian football club are a scottish professional football club based in leith , in the north of edinburgh .
1	the storm downed trees , washed out recently repaired roads , and disrupted communications in some small population centers .
1	he is the conservative member of parliament for runnymede and weybridge and the shadow chief secretary to the treasury .
1	black peppercorns figure in remedies in ayurveda , siddha and unani medicine in india .
1	of the many kinds of cyanide compounds , some are gases ; others are solids or liquids .
1	remlingen is a municipality in the district wolfenbüttel .
1	it was not until super mario 64 that the name peach became widely known outside japan .
1	as heine said in self-justification , his conversion was `` the ticket of admission into european culture '' .
1	manaus is a city in brazil , the capital of the state of amazonas .
1	the capitol records tower is one of the most distinctive landmarks in hollywood , california .
1	abbeville , louisiana is founded by descendants of acadians from nova scotia .
1	an iguana 's ear is known as the tympanum .
1	undated moldavia : stephen iii the great fights against turkey and poland .
1	foucault died of an aids-related illness in paris on 25 june , 1984 .
1	asia the kofun period begins in japan .
1	now known simply as opera , the browser has become very popular despite the competition .
1	flamenco pa tos is a festival of flamenco organisated by gomaespuma foundation .
1	light is reflected and refracted by the ice crystals and may split up into colors because of dispersion .
1	this album sold over 2 300 000 copies in asia ; making it the most successful album from her .
1	the name was changed to the american university of beirut on november 18 , 1920 .
1	it is the sequel to sonic the hedgehog and was followed by sonic the hedgehog 3 in 1994 .
1	the last doge of venice , ludovico manin , steps down .
1	the german government has protested against his situation and the potential implications for other foreign correspondents in china .
1	in the book , mowgli realizes he needs to go back to the man village .
1	apollo was attributed the epithet musagetes as the leader of the muses , and nymphegetes as `` nymph-leader '' .
1	their 2005 follow-up , get behind me satan , was likewise recorded in just two weeks .
1	she defeated maryse at night of champions on july 26 , 2009 in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
1	odessa is a warm water port , but militarily it is of limited value .
1	the history of the mediterranean region is crucial to understanding the origins and development of many modern societies .
1	it was released on dvd and vhs on november 2 , 2001 .
1	death fossey was brutally murdered in the bedroom of her cabin on december 26 , 1985 .
1	soyuz tm-32 lifts off from the baikonur cosmodrome , carrying the first space tourist , american dennis tito .
1	as of 2006 , 93.70 % of the population was italian .
1	the 1980 summer olympics sailing regatta was held in the capital city tallinn .
1	at the time , oakland seemed an unlikely venue for a professional football team .
1	it is the last official township on victoria 's east coast before the border with new south wales .
1	it is the capital of the province of toledo and of the autonomous community of castile-la mancha .
1	a word consists of a root and a grammatical ending .
1	bahrain 's natural resources include large quantities of oil and natural gas as well as fish stocks .
1	tens of thousands of civilians are massacred by each side .
1	the largest city is rostock , followed by the state 's capital schwerin .
1	implicitly , what was not given was necessarily retained by the states as the exception that proves the rule .
1	they may have aligned themselves against teotihuacan in an attempt to reduce its influence and power .
1	english is also widely spoken in urban areas of south india .
1	according to a cat-fancy website terrific-cats .
1	his mother , meanwhile , had been freed from dachau and began a year-long search for him .
1	the group had several hit singles in the uk , australia and the u.s. during the early 1980s .
1	each mahasiddha has come to be known for certain characteristics and teachings , which facilitates their pedagogical use .
1	following the death of her estranged husband , alice hoschedé married claude monet in 1892 .
1	she now serves as a special envoy on climate change for the united nations secretary-general ban ki-moon .
1	ecology habitats and distribution most marine species live in tropical waters at depths less than .
1	a magazine 's circulation is the number of copies it distributes , on average , for each issue .
1	three weeks later he died , with his final hours in hospitalsouthampton .
1	she was at his side when the president died in san francisco , california in august 1923 .
1	in these volumes , darwin coined many of the english names of plants that we use today .
1	brigham young university was named in his honor .
1	he subsequently developed multiple organ failure and died at 7:50 a.m. on december 26 at the age of 88 .
1	it was given the temporary designation s/1989 n 3 .
1	in addition to being a renowned composer , he was also an honored singer , choirmaster , and teacher .
1	in 2002 , turgi received the wakker prize for the preservation of its architectural heritage .
1	he is soon visited by doyle , a messenger sent to him on behalf of the powers that be .
1	the capital lausanne is the major city in the canton .
1	after world war i it was made the administrative center of the belgian league of nations mandate of ruanda-urundi .
1	the front three pairs function as mouthparts and are generally referred to as maxillipeds , the remainder being pereiopods .
1	following these events , on june 29 , roh announced a programme of reform .
1	some muslim groups do not fast during ramadan , and instead have fasts different times of the year .
1	the postcode of the royal mail offices at tomb street in belfast is bt1 1aa .
1	houyet is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	the band also played at the glastonbury festival in june 2004 .
1	the panniculus carnosus is an enormous muscle that is just beneath the skin and covers the entire body .
1	the atlanta falcons are an american football team based in atlanta , georgia .
1	she was married to poet and painter stan rice for 41 years until his death from cancer in 2002 .
1	events may 8 — alfonso vi of castile marries constance of burgundy .
1	at least seven species of frog can be found on the islands .
1	during the early '80s he wrote an introductory textbook synthesizing the current economics knowledge .
1	it was also released on the wii 's virtual console on december 25 , 2006 .
1	the parliament of england had itself evolved from the early medieval councils that advised the sovereigns of england .
1	el puerto has a famous bullring which dates back to 1880 with space for 15,000 spectators .
1	the faerie queene is an incomplete english epic poem by edmund spenser .
1	the trilogy is based on the three-volume book the lord of the rings by j. r. r. tolkien .
1	undated orthodox patriarch meletius i of alexandria succeeds silvester .
1	his father , john culver , is a former u.s. senator from iowa .
1	she has two younger brothers , hugh and tony .
1	may 17 - anne of denmark was crowned queen of scotland .
1	all 269 on board are killed , including united states congressman lawrence mcdonald .
1	the liverpool international garden festival opens in liverpool .
1	the version usually heard today has lyrics written by veikko antero koskenniemi and was first performed in 1941 .
1	events by place roman empire the romans capture sofia .
1	pre-war president of the reichsbank 1923-1930 & 1933-1938 and economics minister 1934-1937 .
1	its capital is the city of cusco , the capital of the inca empire .
1	by eating of the fruit of the tree , adam and eve sought to be like god .
1	the capital and most populous city is little rock , located in the central portion of the state .
1	she died at the age of 75 in albany , new york .
1	during that time he also set up a profitable packaging factory on the side .
1	this process takes several months for human thumbnails .
1	pearson 's product-moment coefficient a number of different coefficients are used for different situations .
1	every rhombus is a parallelogram , and a rhombus with right angles is a square .
1	animal twins twins are common in many animal species , such as cats , sheep , ferrets and deer .
1	schweitzer died on 4 september 1965 at his beloved hospital in lambaréné , gabon .
1	between world war i and world war ii , honegger was very prolific .
1	the traditional interest in pythagorean triples connects with the pythagorean theorem ; singh , p. 6 .
1	true fungi do not have cellulose in their cell walls , but some fungus-like organisms do .
1	plushenko took a break from competitive skating following the 2006 olympic season .
1	the society also runs the royal society prizes for science books .
1	although she attended his wedding to alice hathaway lee in 1880 , their lives ran separately until 1885 .
1	about wikihow in march 2009 , wikihow had 16.2 million unique readers .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 24,384 .
1	hughes 's first collection of short stories came in 1934 with the ways of white folks .
1	podnieks , p. 58 after his retirement from professional sports , he owned a successful restaurant in downtown montreal .
1	events by place asia edessa is taken by the sassanids .
1	inscriptions the main inscription would originally have been of bronze letters .
1	lichtenberg was also the site of the extensive headquarters complex of the stasi , the east german intelligence service .
1	his father , james , was a member of the sandemanian sect of christianity .
1	olmec the olmec civilization emerged around 1200 bce in mesoamerica and ended around 400 bce .
1	because of the ongoing strife , unemployment hovered near 23 % in the city .
1	besides the instant powder form , traditional mexican hot chocolate includes semi-sweet chocolate , cinnamon , sugar and vanilla .
1	the detroit lions are an american football team based in detroit , michigan .
1	article 26 everyone has the right to education .
1	it is the spiritual sequel to osu !
1	ciney is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	autodromo nazionale monza is a motorsport race track near the town of monza , italy , north of milan .
1	he was interred with constance in saint denis basilica .
1	at the 2007 census the city of suva had a population of 85,691 [ ] .
1	the legislature meets in the capital city of monrovia .
1	members of the university of wittenberg flee to jena in fear of the bubonic plague .
1	current use hindi is the most widely spoken of india 's national languages .
1	vaihingen is situated on the river enz , and has a population of around 30,000 .
1	medicine wheels were constructed by laying stones in a particular pattern on the ground .
1	june april 8 colonel james ball arrives at fort meigs with 200 dragoons .
1	in hispanic countries the quinceañera celebration traditionally marks a girl 's 15th birthday .
1	ouaddaï is one of the 18 regions of chad and its capital is abéché .
1	examples works include africa and camalia , which are among the better known of his latter poems .
1	composing and recording during the recording of the song , guitarist herman li broke one of his guitar strings .
1	darius i the great , king of persia .
1	rhys ap gruffydd agrees to negotiate with henry ii of england .
1	the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
1	a volcanologist is a person who studies the formation of volcanoes , and their current and historic eruptions .
1	they went through a variety of names before settling on bloc party in 2003 .
1	the law of succession is introduced in norway .
1	habitat the false gharial is native to six river systems in sumatra and malaysia .
1	history wheaton college was founded in 1860 .
1	casino royale was released on 16 november 2006 .
1	it is sometimes been broadcast along xena .
1	biggar is a town and former burgh in south lanarkshire , scotland .
1	rugby park is a football stadium situated in the scottish town of kilmarnock .
1	the second-in-command of a battalion or regiment is usually a major .
1	nordraak died in 1866 , and grieg composed a funeral march in his honor .
1	nashville is the capital of the u.s. state of tennessee and the county seat of davidson county .
1	it is not one of the five nobel prizes established by the will of alfred nobel in 1895 .
1	the second part is about 2 km .
1	in 1993 , he married director tamra davis .
1	the championship becomes exclusive to the smackdown brand due to edge being a smackdown wrestler .
1	with cadmus , she was the mother of ino , polydorus , autonoe , agave and semele .
1	this park is protected and can not be reached on foot , but people can gain access by boat .
1	the name brassicaceae is derived from the included genus brassica .
1	d'anjou pears are less expensive than other pear varieties , but are tart and have a lower sweetness level .
1	silesian duchies accept the suzerainty of the holy roman empire .
1	he was one of the most important , prolific and prominent composers of the classical period .
1	the relocation process has not yet been completed , and dar es salaam remains tanzania 's primary city .
1	like most arthropods , lobsters must molt in order to grow , leaving them vulnerable during this time .
1	it is also available for mac os xporting epiphany to mac os x and is a descendant of galeon .
1	biography ramé was born in bury st. edmunds , england , to a french father and an english mother .
1	she writes in chuchu and ciao magazines .
1	he was a professor at ruhr university in bochum from 1968 till 2002 .
1	accordingly , he renamed the store hennes & mauritz , later abbreviated to h & m .
1	english is the predominant language spoken throughout the country .
1	other more recent findings , dated between 7,000 and 6,395 b.c. , come from jericho and catal hüyük .
1	the police arrive to arrest lulu for the murder despite her pleas to alwa to let her remain free .
1	this is the same as the green jersey , maillot vert , of the tour de france .
1	dutch government takes over dutch east india company .
1	noli me tangere was finished in berlin , germany on march 29 , 1887 .
1	take me along – book by joseph stein and robert russell , lyrics and music by bob merrill .
1	each player starts with two knights , which start on the rank closest to the player .
1	r is a spin-off of the original yu-gi-oh !
1	reproduction the false gharial , like all other crocodilian species , lays eggs .
1	with his sister , katara , he accompanies aang on his quest to defeat the fire lord .
1	the mechanical metronome was invented by dietrich nikolaus winkel in amsterdam in 1812 .
1	originally , he had to rescue his girlfriend pauline in donkey kong from donkey kong .
1	undated timur conquers the muzaffarid empire in central persia and appoints three puppet rulers .
1	he also designates gabriel nicolas de la reynie as the first chief of `` police '' of paris .
1	the vast majority of the population are descendants of european settlers .
1	the sweet pulp is used to make juice as well as candies , sorbets , and ice cream flavorings .
1	the office was created in 1773 , with the title of governor-general of the presidency of fort william .
1	adams was appointed to a three-man drafting committee with his cousin john adams and james bowdoin .
1	the 1991 formula one season was the 42nd fia formula one world championship season .
1	baleen whales are characterized by having baleen plates for filtering food from water , rather than having teeth .
1	he was buried in a cadaver tomb in saint denis basilica .
1	as of 2000 , the population is 17,167 .
1	other factors such as voltage regulation and available number of connectors also play a role .
1	the murray makes up much of the border of the australian states of victoria and new south wales .
1	they plan to go after hibernating , but shade wishes to go right away .
1	she is the daughter of actor john aniston and actress nancy dow .
1	replacement most of the powers of the glc were devolved to the london boroughs .
1	farciennes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	it has been estimated that approximately 46 million abortions are performed worldwide every year .
1	this theatre encompassed the largest territory of all the theatres of the war .
1	it is halfway between schaffhausen and rorschach on a slightly southward-dipping west-east axis .
1	fortaleza also stages music festivals in brazil , such as ceará music .
1	though traditionally represented as a male , there are records of inari appearing as a female as well .
1	govern them : and lift them up for ever .
1	amay is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of liège .
1	these roman catholic monarchists believed the image would protect them against wounding by the enemy firearms .
1	generations label in north america , which markets games to audiences outside of the traditional gaming community .
1	history vacheron constantin was founded in geneva , switzerland in 1755 by jean-marc vacheron .
1	it has the 29th largest population in the world and the second largest in south america , after brazil .
1	sonogno is a municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	it is the most widely spoken member of the visayan languages .
1	as he leaves this valley the sun rises on a new day .
1	the fall of marxist-leninist governments in eastern europe had tremendous influence on the political economy of organized crime .
1	the tung chung line was therefore launched in 1998 with an interchange station at lai king for that purpose .
1	major cities include the state capital of thiruvananthapuram , kochi , kollam , thrissur and kozhikode .
1	she was murdered with her family on july 17 , 1918 , by forces of the bolshevik secret police .
1	she earned her accolade as europe ’ s first professional woman writer .
1	it is an improvement from the previous syf competition in 2005 where they clinched a silver award .
1	dailymotion is a video hosting service website , based in paris , france .
1	they were built by the chaldean king nebuchadnezzar ii around 600 bc .
1	it was released as a radio-only single , therefore no music video was made for it .
1	the little mountain fire threatened several homes and other structures near cal state san bernardino before it was contained .
1	its climate is temperate with cold winters and warm , drier summers .
1	in 1793 , a yellow fever epidemic broke out in philadelphia .
1	kimberly ann hart the original pink power ranger and later the pink ninja ranger .
1	predatory cephalopods such as squid use the radula for cutting prey .
1	the university of paris strike of 1229 occurs .
1	retrieved on may 26 , 2008 .
1	the wwe reportedly suspended ten wrestlers named in the controversy , though batista was not one of them .
1	faithful is put on trial , and executed as a martyr .
1	killswitch engage is an american melodic metalcore band from westfield , massachusetts .
1	he is a brilliant scientist and researcher with vast intelligence and insight into mutant genetics .
1	chief constable sir hugh orde obe , from 29 may 2002 .
1	mauritanian mps pass slavery law in niger , slavery is also a current phenomenon .
1	in 1981 the population of the town was 57,731 and in 1991 the population of the town was 64,219 .
1	he died just over two weeks later in westminster , london , at age 76 .
1	this was ratified by parliament at scone on 6 november 1357 .
1	people with cardiomyopathy are often at risk of arrhythmia or sudden cardiac death or both .
1	saturn 's known satellites it is a member of the inuit group of irregular satellites .
1	although he died young , he became one of the pioneers of the romantic movement .
1	japanese : short to medium length sticks that taper to a pointed end .
1	related fields manufacturing engineering and aerospace engineering are typically grouped with mechanical engineering .
1	population : approximately 10 million , which is less than 7 % of the total population of bangladesh .
1	the dead milkmen is a satirical punk band formed in 1983 in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
1	in 1821 , alexis bouvard published astronomical tables of the orbit of neptune 's neighbor uranus .
1	the next ejaculate then contains more fresh sperm , which have higher chances of achieving conception during intercourse .
1	the battle of geonosis marks the end of attack of the clones and the beginning of the clone war .
1	twelve communists were killed and fifty-five others were wounded , including eminent bolshevik theorist and pravda editor nikolai bukharin .
1	at this time international tensions were running high , and the book sold fewer than a thousand copies .
1	music at first , during the 1820s and 1830s , she composed exclusively for the piano .
1	scrubland may either occur naturally or be the result of human activity .
1	the muldentalkreis is a former district in the free state of saxony , germany .
1	in 1946 düsseldorf was made capital of the new federal state of north rhine-westphalia .
1	narowal city is the capital of the district .
1	the district of saanich is a municipality on vancouver island in british columbia .
1	the latter had now become less powerful , and thirteen cardinals deserted him .
1	a county is a land area of local government within a country .
1	the meerkat has small black crescent-shaped ears that can close when digging to keep sand out .
1	they burn the imperial city to the ground , killing as many as 1,000,000 citizens .
1	unusually , the publishers of winning works are honored with a certificate .
1	in 1900 he lost his left arm when he fired a cannon .
1	they were believed to oppose free trade and hinder technological innovation , technology transfer and business development .
1	mythdora specialized distribution for easy setup of the mythtv pvr software , similar to knoppmyth , based on fedora .
1	in april 2008 , mick foley replaced jonathan coachman as color commentator .
1	all arabians , no matter the coat color , have black skin , except under white markings .
1	the company was founded in 1935 as a merger between fox film corporation and 20th century pictures .
1	after the coloring process , the resulting product is diluted with water to the desired percentage of alcohol .
1	the actual process leading to mortality is , however , unknown .
1	this lump , or protrusion , is formed by the angle of the thyroid cartilage surrounding the larynx .
1	he was ordained a priest on 23 july 1950 .
1	early life and background jeffrey howard archer was born in the city of london maternity hospital .
1	discovery the discovery of penicillin is attributed to scottish scientist and nobel laureate alexander fleming in 1928 .
1	death klein died in new york city on july 4 , 2009 of alzheimer 's disease .
1	the winter and spring of 1967 saw an escalation of the militancy of the protests at many campuses .
1	map ceremonial county county/ unitary districts south yorkshire * 1 .
1	edwards is one of the last original delta blues guitarists still performing .
1	mortsel is a city and municipality close to the city of antwerp located in the belgian province of antwerp .
1	by topic arts and sciences possible date that ambrosius theodosius macrobius published his saturnalia .
1	two important classifications of weathering processes exist — physical and chemical weathering .
1	the name has many variants , which include stephan , stevan , stefan , and stevon .
1	saint-chamond is a commune in the loire department in central france .
1	they are a type of eccentric yogi in both hinduism and vajrayana buddhism .
1	the word wig is short for periwig and first appeared in the english language around 1675 .
1	in order for one to trust another , their worth and integrity must be constantly proven over time .
1	it is also used in some laboratories to clean glassware of organic compounds and metal particles .
1	clérambault became the organist at the church of the grands-augustins and entered the service of madame de maintenon .
1	jeong seung-hwa resisted , leading to a bloody shoot-out at the army headquarters and the ministry of defense .
1	it was inspired by a bestselling , pulitzer prize-nominated 1998 book of the same name by sylvia nasar .
1	serena , also played by elizabeth montgomery , is credited as `` pandora spocks '' from 1969 to 1972 .
1	this phenomenon is known as the cremasteric reflex .
1	the bridge was dedicated on october 24 , 1931 , and opened to traffic the following day .
1	when electric current flows in a circuit , it can transfer energy to do mechanical or thermodynamic work .
1	the speech of the athenian envoys .
1	there are many species , and even more populations that are isolated from each other and morphologically different .
1	he had purchased parts of used captain 's uniforms from different shops and tested their effect on soldiers .
1	dornach is a municipality in the district of dorneck in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
1	the administrative centre of devon is the city of exeter .
1	the disney version was released on dvd on march 7 , 2006 .
1	the 2003 formula one season was the 54th fia formula one world championship season .
1	when the tenth olympic games were hosted in 1932 , the former 10th street was renamed olympic blvd .
1	the first english settlers came in 1633 and settled at windsor and then wethersfield in 1634 .
1	the river hull is a navigable river in the east riding of yorkshire in the north of england .
1	in september 1869 , o'reilly escaped and was rescued by an american ship .
1	the shells that she sells are sea shells i 'm sure .
1	priscilla remained in montgomery after robert 's death in 1877 .
1	the livonian brothers of the sword conquer the latgallians and the stronghold of tartu from ugaunian and russian troops .
1	flag semaphore is gradually adopted by various navies of the world .
1	main tribes of the area include the satti , dhanyal and jasgam .
1	william and his nobles spoke and conducted court in norman french , in england as well as in normandy .
1	its most successful title to date is shrek 2 .
1	tchaikovsky wrote his piano trio in a minor in rubinstein 's memory after he died in paris .
1	due to the high altitude , the temperatures in winter often remain below zero , resulting in frost .
1	greater london is the top-level administrative subdivision covering london , england .
1	burkina faso 's capital is ouagadougou .
1	international olympic committee wiberg was elected a member of the international olympic committee in 2002 .
1	these recent emigrants have most often fled to australia , europe , north america and southeast asia .
1	undated aimone of savoy becomes count of savoy .
1	this caused discontent among the remaining 10 spl clubs who subsequently announced their intention to resign from the league .
1	olaf 's theater troupe comes to his house and he orders the orphans to prepare dinner for them all .
1	life childhood and young adulthood emperado had a very difficult childhood living in honolulu .
1	the physical attributes of the gharial do not make it very suited for moving about on land .
1	this is more than any other female artist and is the third most won by any artist overall .
1	the bell tower is from the 14th-15th centuries .
1	david and his queen were crowned at scone on 24 november 1331 .
1	ohio state has several student managed publications and media outlets .
1	winner of the norwegian football league in 1970 .
1	it is often called wine red , or simply wine .
1	the capital and largest city is riga .
1	their sound can be described as celtic folk metal with melodic death metal influences .
1	they lie as a continuous chain of highland along the western coast of south america .
1	the golden ratio is an irrational mathematical constant , approximately 1.6180339887 .
1	about hana firewire is also available in wireless , fiber optic , and coaxial versions using the isochronous protocols .
1	near the site are a group of villages called bagrawiyah .
1	proteus is very dark in color , almost like soot .
1	he was sacked on 2 april 2009 .
1	undated alexander pope publishes an essay on criticism .
1	the album was received with mostly positive reviews .
1	this is the last large-scale crusade of the middle ages .
1	in europe and australia , gauges are measured in millimeters .
1	other sports such as cricket , rugby , tennis and golf were also popular within the camp .
1	this was immediately followed by dare to strike , another blockbuster co-production with veteran hong kong actors .
1	typically , a first object is described as being a second object .
1	in mythology in greek mythology the caucasus , or kaukasos , was one of the pillars supporting the world .
1	between 1898 and 1901 he was a choral coach and subsequently an assistant conductor at the bayreuth festival .
1	the substance is formulated to burn at a specific rate and adhere to surfaces .
1	when a stimulus is applied to a sensory receptor , it elicits or influences a reflex via stimulus transduction .
1	because of the lack of a prevailing wind , summer temperatures are higher than along the coast .
1	the tunnels are a primary reason why a subway system was never built in odessa .
1	eumetazoa is a clade comprising all major animal groups except sponges , placozoa and several other little known animals .
1	twenty-four is only the aliquot sum of one number the square 529 .
1	destinations middle east airlines flies to 26 destinations in the middle east , europe and africa .
1	reductions in its extent began in 1753 , when the northern part of it became rowan county .
1	further reading - other issues kaplan , lawrence s. , ed .
1	the traditional author is listed after each entry ; modern scholarship generally regards these as anonymous .
1	health - covering human health and animal health .
1	one fifth of the population in the eastern part of switzerland lived from the textile industry .
1	ponte tresa is a municipality in the district of lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	the majority of the population of the peninsula live in saudi arabia and in yemen .
1	a new stone building was erected to house the big horn academy in 1916 .
1	they will be replaced in 2010 by colin , fiona , igor , and julia .
1	under the sidereal zodiac , it is currently there roughly from april 15 to may 15 .
1	the first big brother broadcast was in the netherlands in 1999 on the veronica tv channel .
1	anderlecht is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the brussels-capital region .
1	since 1997 the district has had a partnership with henrico county , virginia .
1	anchovies can concentrate domoic acid which causes amnesic shellfish poisoning in humans , sea mammals , and birds .
1	hertha performed consistently well on the field , including a win in the first berlin championship final in 1905 .
1	serbia , montenegro and romania become completely independent of the ottoman empire .
1	of the eight planets in the solar system , only venus and mars lack such a magnetic field .
1	it is the prefecture of the calvados department and the capital of the basse-normandie region .
1	president barack obama named hillary rodham clinton as his choice for secretary of state on december 1 , 2008 .
1	avenged sevenfold is an american rock band from huntington beach , california , formed in 1999 .
1	the britannica is the oldest english-language encyclopaedia still in print .
1	the word caid originally referred to the ball which was used .
1	charizard first appears as a non-playable character in super smash bros. and super smash bros .
1	the capital of saxony-anhalt is magdeburg .
1	gay voices of the harlem renaissance .
1	siegfried arrives , disguised as gunther using the tarnhelm , and claims brünnhilde as wife .
1	dijon is the historical capital of the province of burgundy .
1	the nobel prize in literature 1969 beckett was elected saoi of aosdána in 1984 .
1	history wizardry began as a simple dungeon crawl by andrew c. greenberg and robert woodhead .
1	the cathedral is a beautiful example of early medieval romanesque architecture fashioned from the local greenish sandstone .
1	the vietnam war officially begins , as the first american helicopters arrive in saigon along with 400 u.s. personnel .
1	office buildings in bangkok swayed for the next several minutes .
1	it took time for the californian wine industry to recover from this setback .
1	stages brawls stages are generally based on plot devices from the various game series of super smash bros..
1	one candidate met with success : alfred waterson who became a member of parliament for the kettering seat .
1	the thylacine was able to open its jaws to an unusual extent : up to 120 degrees .
1	sometimes it 's been referred to as ticinum papia , combining both latin names .
1	rockville is an unincorporated community in hanover county in the central region of the u.s. state of virginia .
1	in 1983 , he was primarily responsible for a loan of 3 billion deutschmarks given to east germany .
1	the current usage which means a person who rides a horse in races was first seen in 1670 .
1	dew process is an independently managed label , distributed in australia and new zealand by universal music australia .
1	the wicker man , a cult horror film starring christopher lee , is a prominent example of these associations .
1	after the rigveda , aryan society became increasingly agricultural , and was socially organized around the four varnas .
1	it is shaped like an inverted mushroom , the head becoming buried in the silt .
1	two subsequent re-recordings of the song to raise further money for charity also topped the charts .
1	english to greek dictionary , english to greek dictionary .
1	the area of the island is stated as 41,214 km² by statistics canada [ ] .
1	higher cholesterol levels lead to increased risk of specific disease , most notably cardiovascular diseases .
1	it is often viewed as a contract .
1	this caused convoluted regional and national train schedules .
1	in january 1982 , the fine gael-labour government of garret fitzgerald lost a budget vote in dáil éireann .
1	it is the site of narita international airport , the main international airport serving the greater tokyo area .
1	joinville is a city in santa catarina , in the southern region of brazil .
1	some areas of hull lie on reclaimed land at or below sea level .
1	in the state of kerala , roe is deep fried in coconut oil , and is considered a delicacy .
1	skype provides an uncontrolled registration system for users with absolutely no proof of identity .
1	vergeletto is a municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	frédéric chopin 's opus 57 is a berceuse for solo piano .
1	the village became part of greater berlin in 1920 , as a locality of the lichtenberg district .
1	the film is mainly based on robert drewe 's book our sunshine .
1	imigrantes : outras etnias people of mixed-race ancestry predominate in a few towns in the north .
1	this article is a list of the 50 u.s. states and the district of columbia ordered by population density .
1	the u-bahn and s-bahn public transit networks , rebuilt after the war , continued to span all occupation sectors .
1	the pacific ocean meets the atlantic south of south america at cape horn .
1	for some time , the song ranked number 1 among yahoo !
1	area ii is east of area i and contains the munitions area .
1	norway came under the influence of england , while the other scandinavian countries and poland were influenced by germany .
1	the winning bid may be announced between june and august of 2021 .
1	enumeratio : catalogues and genealogies are given .
1	career berzelius was born at väversunda in östergötland in sweden .
1	the term wormhole was coined by the american theoretical physicist john archibald wheeler in 1957 .
1	mohamed atta sat in business class seat 8d with abdulaziz al-omari in 8g and suqami in 10b .
1	original section finsbury park , opened december 15 , 1906 .
1	the volcano culminates at 1,060 metres , and its crater measures roughly 300 metres in diameter .
1	the innermost portion of the shell is a pearlescent blue-gray .
1	most ghanaians have relatively easy access to primary and secondary education .
1	in 1955 , ten years after entering the country , von braun became a naturalized u.s. citizen .
1	cantonal portal campo blenio was a municipality in the district of blenio in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	after the final battle against the dragon , beowulf receives fatal wounds and dies .
1	her debut solo album , the dutchess , was released on september 19 , 2006 .
1	in october 1629 , the plague reached milan , lombardy 's major commercial center .
1	the only previous tour de france winner to be disqualified was 1904 tour de france winner maurice garin .
1	over the course of his career , becker won 49 singles titles and 15 doubles titles .
1	this secured , richelieu was consecrated bishop in april , 1607 .
1	medieval buildings in the frazioni of batignano , istia d'ombrone and montepescali .
1	the university initially turned down the money , evidently turned off by pulitzer 's unscrupulous character .
1	water transport the rhine-main-danube canal begins near bamberg .
1	the project 's famous fish mouth was cracked but not severely damaged otherwise .
1	he excuses himself because he has to leave for rehearsal , and he and dr. schön leave .
1	subtractive color printing works best when the surface or paper is white , or close to it .
1	frasnes-lez-anvaing is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	fort walton beach is a city in southern okaloosa county , florida , united states .
1	kerobokan prison is a prison located in kerobokan , badung regency , on the indonesian island of bali .
1	general information nazareth is a municipality located in the belgian province of east flanders .
1	this game is played by teams of 5 players on a trapezium shaped field , mostly located on marketplaces .
1	rolling stock six variations of electric multiple unit rolling stock operate on the mtr network .
1	it is one of the most important water-soluble salts of barium .
1	foods high in carbohydrates include breads , pastas , beans , potatoes , bran , rice , and cereals .
1	the cincinnati reds are a major league baseball team based in cincinnati , ohio , usa .
1	after the reichstag fire , hindenburg , at hitler 's urging , signed into law the reichstag fire decree .
1	the population as of end of 2007 was 95,855 .
1	this would be the first discovery of rings around a moon .
1	the first sales were at jacob 's pharmacy in atlanta , georgia , on may 8 , 1886 .
1	battle of cascina september 10 philip of anjou becomes titular emperor of constantinople and prince of taranto .
1	knights and ladies of the thistle may also be admitted to the order of the garter .
1	a connecticut yankee in king arthur 's court is an 1889 novel by american humorist and writer mark twain .
1	administrative units of district abbottabad it is located in the south west of the district and borders haripur district .
1	sexual deviance : theory , assessment , and treatment .
1	the term was coined by reformed baptist pastor john piper in his 1986 book desiring god .
1	messiaen had retired from teaching at the conservatoire in the summer of 1978 .
1	the ninety-five theses spread quickly and were printed in nuremberg , leipzig , and basel .
1	she coached many young women in the art of acting , including actress and courtesan liane de pougy .
1	for example , public domain allows totally unrestricted usage for any purpose .
1	this system was used in many parts of ancient africa .
1	däniken is a municipality in the district of olten in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
1	and after growth , cell division allows for continual construction and repair of the organism .
1	batha was one of the 14 prefectures of chad .
1	selling out is often seen as gaining success at the cost of credibility .
1	released under the gnu general public license , squid is free software .
1	the golani brigade has earned a reputation for its die-hard soldiers , esprit de corps , and initiative .
1	evolutionary relationships afrotheria has been proposed based solely on molecular & dna analyses .
1	at the time when hitler joined the party there were no membership numbers or cards .
1	thus he is also known , outside orthodoxy , as the greek patriarch of constantinople .
1	in the field of optics , transparency is the physical property of allowing light to pass through a material .
1	bazargan resigned along with his cabinet on november 4 following the us embassy takeover and hostage-taking .
1	of the 20 % of abiotically pollinated species , 98 % is by wind and 2 % by water .
1	dunstaple was one of the first to compose masses using a single melody as cantus firmus .
1	in politics the color magenta is used to symbolize anti-racism by the amsterdam-based anti-racism magenta foundation .
1	even in gucci ’ s fledgling years , the family was notorious for its ferocious infighting .
1	her body was then buried in the taj mahal in agra .
1	george vii succeeds his popular father , bagrat v , as king of georgia .
1	the london underground had an electric locomotive built by metropolitan vickers named after her .
1	over the internet the easiest way to play an electronic sports match is over the internet .
1	novorossiya , prince grigori potemkin , initially as a shipyard called simply a new shipyard on the ingul river .
1	to that end , many of the elephants were especially large , often weighing in excess of nine tons .
1	the group travel into the wild , where gandalf saves the company from trolls and leads them to rivendell .
1	it is the earthsea series novel which inspired the studio ghibli animated film tales from earthsea .
1	it was an important trading port and defensive outpost of winchester , at the site of modern bitterne manor .
1	the khmer language is a member of the mon-khmer subfamily of the austroasiatic language group .
1	william pulteney is created as 1st earl of bath in great britain .
1	ghirone was a municipality in the district of blenio in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	the passage is named after the 16th century english privateer sir francis drake .
1	aged and empty properties are being redesigned and marketed as tourist attractions .
1	the co-operative party is a centre-left political party in the united kingdom committed to supporting and representing co-operative principles .
1	the nearest london underground station is tower hill on the circle and district lines .
1	such other forms of law-making include referendums , constitutional conventions , orders-in-council or regulations .
1	in the medieval mystery plays the right side of the stage symbolised heaven and the left side symbolised hell .
1	he called himself franz strauss until soon after the war when he starts using his middle name as well .
1	sexual reproduction is a process specific to eukaryotes , organisms whose cells contain a nucleus and mitochondria .
1	born in chicago , he attended the university of chicago lab schools , and graduated from amherst college .
1	windows update web site windows update was introduced with the launch of windows 98 as a web site .
1	the language of rome before its expansion was latin , and this became the empire 's official language .
1	merchants who cheated their customers were likely to find themselves mounted on a stake beside common thieves .
1	the prussian government established districts in the newly acquired lands , among them the district of delitzsch .
1	towards the end of the 4th century a border fort was constructed at the western settlement .
1	the timing of this write is controlled by what is known as the write policy .
1	included in the inventory was a supply of men 's clothing , prompting persson to expand into menswear .
1	submarines , tanks and heavy artillery were forbidden and the air force was dissolved .
1	the noble army of martyrs : praise thee .
1	primary causes the root causes of why some people get acne and some do not are not fully known .
1	the stage is set for the final book of the series , children of the mind .
1	others there is no need to have planning permission to fly the flag from a vertical flagpole .
1	electra welcomes the idea of going to argos with idamante .
1	so in order to be invincible on the streets they had reasonable , but severe and brutal training .
1	this article looks at the impact of rubber crumb on a domestic environment .
1	major plague outbreaks this list contains famous or well-documented outbreaks of plagues or disease .
1	june january 20 king james i of england successfully mediates the treaty of knäred between denmark and sweden .
1	december july 3 quebec city is founded by samuel de champlain .
1	the club left the stadium when it joined the bundesliga in 1963 .
1	the campus is well-equipped with modern facilities for teaching and research .
1	germanium has five naturally occurring isotopes ranging in atomic mass number from 70 to 76 .
1	it was estimated that 125 million microplates were used in 2000 alone .
1	in response , a fund was launched to help raise the costs of its repair .
1	in a severe chordee , the urethra can develop between the penis and the scrotum .
1	hillary was educated at tuakau primary school and then auckland grammar school .
1	christina rau is a granddaughter of her husband 's mentor , gustav heinemann , former president of germany .
1	culture buxtehude is known as `` the fairytale capital '' of the world .
1	watanabe and written by keiko nobumoto , the series was produced by sunrise in 1998 .
1	nepalinux a debian and morphix based distribution focused for desktop usage in nepali language computing .
1	hera uses the stone to turn the gods into small animals , stripped of their powers .
1	it is also a traditional food in chile , known as an `` erizo de mar '' .
1	it is located in the northern part of the country , in the pannonian plain of central europe .
1	at the start of season 2004 05 they moved into their new purpose built stadium which meets spl criteria .
1	marshall had been the only african-american justice on the court .
1	this musical is based upon lucy maud montgomery , the author of the popular anne of green gables .
1	the skin is the outer covering of the body .
1	its name is a portmanteau of the words minimal and unix .
1	the city of melbourne in australia was named after him .
1	athletes the chess player efim geller was born in the city .
1	the kunar river system is fed from melting glaciers and snow of the hindu kush mountains .
1	art conservators do not consider an oil painting completely dry until it is 60 to 80 years old .
1	the normal lifespan of rats ranges from two to five years , and is typically three years .
1	alice springs has an alice springs school of the air which delivers education to students in remote areas .
1	influence medieval and renaissance music gregorian chant had a significant impact on the development of medieval and renaissance music .
1	leila rozario as hydrocell driver richard roundtree as ben burns , a race commentator who was formerly a racer .
1	the first six of her novels gave little indication of the experimental and disturbing nature of her later work .
1	dippoldiswalde is a town in the free state of saxony , germany , capital of the sächsische schweiz-osterzgebirge district .
1	u.s. president george w. bush announces the united states ' withdrawal from the 1972 anti-ballistic missile treaty .
1	these adaptations to an oxygen-rich environment might include high concentrations of protective enzymes .
1	edvard grieg died in the autumn of 1907 , aged 64 , after a long period of illness .
1	in the 1997 general election she was elected the conservative mp for maidenhead .
1	tagore wrote many non-fiction books , writing on topics ranging from indian history to linguistics .
1	the long and narrow skull was small in proportion to the body .
1	there were 28 nations that marched in the opening ceremonies on january 30 , 1948 .
1	even if a statement made about medicine is accurate , it may not apply to you or your symptoms .
1	a chair may or may not have armrests ; chairs with armrests are termed armchairs .
1	the manchu ethnicity has largely been assimilated with the han chinese .
1	newton mearns is a small suburban town within east renfrewshire , scotland .
1	jakob bartsch records the constellation camelopardalis around the north star .
1	however , before the galileo spacecraft arrived at jupiter , knowledge about it was extremely limited .
1	throughout the 1830s he was regarded as the most notorious bushranger in the colony .
1	the area around vesuvius was officially declared a national park on 5 june 1995 .
1	he has undergone two kidney transplants , one in 1973 and one in 1984 , and requires daily dialysis .
1	each building is 115 m tall with an inclination of 15° .
1	in the 1950s , hi-fi became a generic term , to some extent displacing phonograph and record player .
1	see also law of arms officer of arms notes references gwynn-jones , p. ll .
1	in england , challis put forward the name oceanus .
1	national parliamentary elections are held every four years ; the next are due to be held in 2010 .
1	the coat of arms , which was granted in 1983 , combines the shields of the two constituent duchies .
1	in 1992 and 1993 , years in which he won the tour , indurain also won the giro d'italia .
1	the total area of the canton of glarus is , of which about half is considered productive .
1	in 1835 , the first german railway was opened between nuremberg and fürth .
1	cincinnati is a city in the u.s. state of ohio and the county seat of hamilton county .
1	robert s. p. beekes , comparative indo-european linguistics .
1	characteristics at room temperature , sodium metal is soft enough that it can be cut with a knife .
1	benoit would soon gain control over michaels when he applied his signature hold the crippler crossface .
1	the band eventually appeared live , and became one of the most popular acts in the area .
1	boechout is a municipality of belgium located in the flemish province of antwerp .
1	this was first pointed out by ernst kummer in 1843 , in his work on fermat 's last theorem .
1	in 1839 , schwann and schleiden suggested that cells were the basic unit of life .
1	he was the president of galicia from 1990 to 2005 and is currently a senator .
1	richard sharpe is the central character in bernard cornwell 's sharpe series of historical fiction stories .
1	deep somatic pain originates from ligaments , tendons , bones , blood vessels , fasciae , and muscles .
1	languages most of her songs are sung in mandarin , with a few in english .
1	the mechanical arrangement may be a ducted propeller with nozzle , or a centrifugal pump and nozzle .
1	ichthyophis is oviparous and known to show maternal care , with the mother guarding the eggs until they hatch .
1	one bomb accidentally fell into the camp and killed some prisoners .
1	the dead bodies of vertebrate animals , insects and humans are sometimes called carcasses .
1	the cathedral opened in 1903 , a little after bentley 's death .
1	the source is located at wasserkuppe in the rhön mountains .
1	in the event of frenulum breve it may be partially or totally removed by circumcision .
1	it has been hinted in some stories that lnhq is itself sentient .
1	brossard is bordered by the saint lawrence river to the west and by the saint-jacques river to the south .
1	video projectors are widely used for conference room presentations , classroom training , home theatre and live events applications .
1	while helping , jeckle and a second man were hit by another driver who lost control .
1	weights — large , heavy jewelry or weighted objects can be used to stretch piercings .
1	a version of the light bulb was invented by thomas edison .
1	germanium is an important semiconductor material used in transistors and various other electronic devices .
1	most of the routes served are within europe , although there are some charter airline routes to intercontinental destinations .
1	american revolutionary war : charleston , south carolina is taken by british forces .
1	in culture the american robin is the state bird of connecticut , michigan and wisconsin .
1	noblemen were beheaded with a sword , and commoners with an axe .
1	also compare dinar for another currency circulated in the muslim world but originating with the romans .
1	bottle caps , or closures , are used to seal the openings of bottles of many types .
1	it was the 10th best-selling nintendo ds game of december 2008 in the united states .
1	macfarlane also has a character on family guy named after hartman : named dr. elmer hartman .
1	the duke of saxe-hildburghausen received saxe-altenburg , and gave the district of hildburghausen to saxe-meiningen .
1	cremasteric muscle the cremasteric muscle is part of the spermatic cord .
1	in the square is also the 14th century baptistry , in gothic style , with white-green marble decorations .
1	the elasmobranchii also include rays and skates ; the chondrichthyes also include chimaeras .
1	ferdinand magellan left europe in an attempt to circumnavigate the world .
1	local existence not all bundesländer have this subdivision ; some are directly divided into districts .
1	most of his stereophonic recordings for emi were made with the lpo .
1	thus for hawaii , the largest cdps are ranked .
1	the eye is a region of mostly calm weather found at the center of strong tropical cyclones .
1	alcmene by the way has been turned back into a normal person .
1	a related example is the multiset of solutions of an algebraic equation .
1	xena wants hercules to go because there is trouble and he needs to help .
1	the adults are herbivorous and feed with their rhipidoglossan radula on macroalgae , preferring red or brown algae .
1	sky sports is the dominant subscription television sports brand in the united kingdom and ireland .
1	a quill is a pen made from a flight feather of a large bird , most often a goose .
1	it is native to central and southwestern asia .
1	in terms of school casualties , thousands of school children died due to shoddy construction .
1	poet some of charents ' experiences would later appear in his poetry .
1	caffeine found in the cocoa that makes up hot chocolate may also have negative effects on health .
1	types lollipops are available in a number of colors and flavors , particularly fruit flavors .
1	bolivia is one of the least developed countries in south america .
1	several agencies issue dvorak intensity numbers for cyclones of sufficient intensity .
1	in 2000 it was estimated that nearly 50 % of the nation 's economy was linked with organized crime .
1	taluka municipal administration rohri administration rohri taluka is administratively subdivided into 11 union councils .
1	high spirits – book , lyrics , and music by hugh martin and timothy gray .
1	summer break starts after the exams and lasts until the start of the next academic year .
1	climate due to their location and extremely small size , the liancourt rocks sometimes have harsh weather .
1	the 1997 formula one season was the 48th fia formula one world championship season .
1	break-up minor threat broke up in 1983 .
1	fortuna - goddess of luck , usually good luck .
1	the last australian population census was held on 8 august 2006 .
1	the town has a population of 2,936 according to the 2001 census .
1	history ayodhya is one of the most ancient , magnificent and holy of hindu cities .
1	adult mouth parts prominently include the proboscis formed from maxillary galeae and are adapted for sucking nectar .
1	the largest lake of the hispaniola , and of the west indies , is the lake enriquillo .
1	some of the soldiers committed seppuku or simply blew themselves up with hand grenades .
1	cetaceans have no vocal cords , so whales generate their song by forcing air through their massive nasal cavities .
1	he is also uncle to chelsea player frank lampard , who played under him at west ham united .
1	events of 1295 mongol leader ghazan khan is converted to islam , ending a line of tantric buddhist leaders .
1	the myths also differ as to whether artemis was born first , or apollo .
1	kelly , dressed in home-made plate metal armour and helmet , was captured and sent to jail .
1	the united states has more than 40 million hispanic residents or about 14 % of its total population .
1	the historic town with 5,000 inhabitants is part of the municipality brig-glis with 11,600 inhabitants .
1	hostgis hostgis linux is a slackware based distribution specifically made for handling gis information .
1	his main pupils were mateo cerezo , cabezalero , donoso , ledesma y sotomayor .
1	basketball and football are perhaps the most popular in siena .
1	this led to arabic script being the most widely used script during the middle ages .
1	obdurodon is an extinct monotreme genus containing three species .
1	the one , two , ten and 20-dollar notes had exact equivalents in the former pound banknotes .
1	he is also a member of another jungiery boyband 183 club .
1	its teeth were blade-like for cutting rather than pointed for gripping as with water dwelling crocodiles .
1	in 1977 , he was profiled in a cover story in the weekly magazine , time .
1	from the m1 to the m6 toll split near birmingham , the m6 is part of the unsigned e-road .
1	these experiences inspired roughing it , and provided material for the celebrated jumping frog of calaveras county .
1	the highest point lies in the forest and is 292 m high .
1	consequently , the minimum size of a string is related to the string tension .
1	history the district was established in 1994 by merging the former districts of demmin , altentreptow and malchin .
1	the anchor is ancient in design and has not changed substantially over time .
1	to date , horn has released two studio albums , a christmas ep and two singles .
1	it is also the county capital of borsod-abaúj-zemplén and the regional centre of northern hungary .
1	the battle of verdun was one of the critical battles during world war i on the western front .
1	by topic arts and sciences biography of augustus by nicholas of damascus is published .
1	the cyclone had no effect on land , and did not directly result in any fatalities or damages .
1	the city is also home to the cleveland pops orchestra .
1	later that same year , she recorded a solo demo and was signed by jive records .
1	based in new york city , the philharmonic performs most of its concerts at avery fisher hall .
1	nintendo 64 game super smash bros. , and the predecessor to the wii game super smash bros .
1	she was the daughter of the titan atlas ; her mother was probably tethys .
1	glinka also composed many art songs , many piano pieces , and some chamber music .
1	the bay is located in cuba and was originally named guantánamo by the taíno .
1	symbolism shield the shield itself consists of many components .
1	overview the name shakuhachi means `` 1.8 shaku '' , from its size .
1	sivasspor is a turkish sports club based in sivas , turkey .
1	she moved to hawaii when she was fifteen years old and graduated from iolani school .
1	the lake is used for fishing and recreation , but suffered from some environmental degradation from soviet era agriculture .
1	everyone is upset because hercules did nothing to help alcmene .
1	brecht died on 14 august 1956 of a heart attack at the age of 58 .
1	setting up of s & p cnx nifty .
1	the next month , a group of 135 chinese engineers arrived in darfur to work on the defra field .
1	in 2004 , kellogg 's introduced a recipe containing a third less sugar .
1	this catalysed the affirmation of crass ' consistently stated intention to split up in 1984 .
1	the monastery is situated on a hill within a gorge , near where the dzoraget and gargar rivers join .
1	they are thought to prefer a muddy or clay substrate and lead solitary lives .
1	telford united f.c . was an english football team based in telford , shropshire .
1	this is his first visit to the united states since becoming prime minister in 2006 .
1	edmontonia was an armoured dinosaur , a part of the nodosaur family from the late cretaceous period .
1	raid can be set up to serve several different purposes .
1	it is a four-year christian college accredited by the north central association of colleges and schools .
1	st. ignatius may have been a disciple of the apostle john .
1	after quiros 's ship returned to mexico , torres resumed the intended voyage to manila via the moluccas .
1	this became the the manifesto of the communist party , better known as the communist manifesto .
1	pedro of castile loses the battle of montiel to an alliance between the french and his half-brother henry ii .
1	but the secrecy maintained around the bastille and its prisoners gave it a sinister reputation .
1	from time to time , individuals may be admitted to the order by special statutes .
1	burlington is a city in and the county seat of des moines county , iowa , united states .
1	there is also evidence that at least two embassies were sent to the roman emperor augustus by pandya kings .
1	today odessa is a city of more than 1 million people .
1	it is located on the mbabane river and its tributary the polinjane river in the mdimba mountains .
1	education there are eighteen universities in santo domingo , the highest number of any city in the dominican republic .
1	one example is the most common type of phenylketonuria .
1	clovis ii is succeeded by clotaire iii as king of the franks .
1	today , however , the watch is valued at about $ 11 million .
1	the company struggled for survival and made the continental-engined land rover-like c20 until 1956 .
1	the revolt of 1173-1174 against henry ii of england ends in defeat for the rebels .
1	in 1881 , while exploring the countryside around karridale , he discovered moondyne cave .
1	it is the fifth-largest commune in the ardèche , behind annonay , aubenas , guilherand-granges , and tournon-sur-rhône .
1	actuated by jealousy , figaro tells bartolo and basilio to come to his aid when he gives the signal .
1	gerhard ertl was awarded the 2007 nobel prize in chemistry for his studies of chemical processes on solid surfaces .
1	each well of a microplate typically holds somewhere between tens of nanolitres to several millilitres of liquid .
1	a remix of the song features rapper american hip hop artist consequence .
1	biography grigoryan was born on november 24 , 1960 in moscow by armenian parents .
1	biography boult was born in chester and educated at westminster school and christ church , oxford .
1	many of the pieces from this work became very popular in the orchestral suites or piano and piano-duet arrangements .
1	biography a connecticut native , winfield met her husband at a dixieland concert .
1	dio cassius recounts that over 9,000 wild animals were killed during the inaugural games of the amphitheatre .
1	a trading post is a place where the trading of goods takes place .
1	as the storm began to rapidly intensify , the warning was further modified to a hurricane warning .
1	in his return promotional interview , big show threatened to give rey mysterio a chokeslam .
1	operation brassard the invasion of elba more recently , the island has become famed for its wine .
1	it commemorates the day in which the african slaves had a free day when they unleashed all their happiness .
1	the philippines is divided into three island groups : luzon , visayas , and mindanao .
1	education bangui is home to the university of bangui , founded in 1970 .
1	brisbane is named after sir thomas brisbane , the governor of new south wales from 1821 to 1825 .
1	aeschi is a municipality in the district of wasseramt in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
1	in most productions , the christmas tree suddenly begins to grow to enormous size , filling the room .
1	it is held in lavell edwards stadium , home to brigham young university 's ncaa football team .
1	such a disjunction is false if both a and b are false .
1	the canal was over 30 miles long and was not completed until 1904 .
1	the game was developed and published by nintendo , and was released in 1984 in japan .
1	the current president of kraków , re-elected for his second term in 2006 , is professor jacek majchrowski .
1	the city was captured by the french in 1895 and incorporated into their madagascar protectorate .
1	it is responsible for binding of protons and neutrons into atomic nuclei .
1	the divorce was finalized in february 1981 .
1	in 1843 , the city was named the permanent capital of the state of tennessee .
1	they can be found on both sides of the atlantic ocean congregating together in large schools .
1	hamoir is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	the vascular cambium is a lateral meristem in the vascular tissue of plants .
1	economy in the nineteenth century the island was famous for its anchovies .
1	the city is at about 84 kilometers distance from the city of caltanissetta , on the mediterranean sea .
1	judas priest are an english heavy metal band from birmingham , formed in 1969 .
1	it is not maintained in the us army inventory any more as it was used concurrently with m4 .
1	in december , 1878 , diphtheria swept through the grandducal house of hesse .
1	at the 1997 general election she was elected as the labour mp for salford , her home seat .
1	irma la douce – book and lyrics by alexandre breffort , music by marguerite monnot .
1	geography scripps ranch , california , is a coastal/inland community within the city of san diego .
1	this has freed it up for fine adjustments of focus , allowing a very high resolution to be obtained .
1	the zuiderzee museum — dedicated to the history and culture of the former zuiderzee .
1	cause warts are caused by a virus called human papilloma virus or hpv .
1	wikio italy web site wikio is a european search engine for news and blogs .
1	new york : john wiley and sons , 1997 .
1	soundgarden 's final release , a greatest hits collection entitled a-sides , was released the following fall .
1	they further maintain that jesus bodily ascended into heaven where he rules and reigns with god the father .
1	sivry-rance is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	robert white , ruairí ó brádaigh , the life and politics of an irish revolutionary , pp .
1	additionally , wedemeyer helped to plan the normandy invasion .
1	he was the son of aeson , the rightful king of iolcus .
1	donald is a white anthropomorphic duck with a yellow-orange bill , legs , and feet .
1	in the end , all parties except the spd voted in favour of the enabling act .
1	europe theodebert i becomes king of austrasia .
1	law and government aach has a council with sixteen seats .
1	she also posed for a cover and nude pictorial in the april 2006 issue of playboy .
1	age of mythology : the titans is a real-time strategy computer game expansion pack of age of mythology .
1	most of the winners in 1900 did not receive medals , but were given cups or trophies .
1	these early experiences laid the foundation for life-long strain between the two high-profile cousins .
1	the walker fire burned near walker ave in the dairies of ontario .
1	history the district was created in 1993 by merging the previous districts cottbus-land , forst , guben and spremberg .
1	it was discovered by charles walcott and was first described by him in 1911 .
1	her mother mary fairlee cooper was a new york socialite .
1	it includes the historical/geographic region of semberija and it is located in the northeast of the country .
1	history origins the city has roman , saxon and viking connections .
1	the fossil was found at lightning ridge , new south wales , australia , as was steropodon .
1	in 1308 he married isabella of france , with whom he had four children .
1	the trio consisted of cole on piano , oscar moore on guitar , and wesley prince on double bass .
1	singer was awarded the nobel prize in 1978text of nobel lecture .
1	it was directed by pierre de lespinois and narrated by actor john goodman .
1	immediately after the elections he merged shlomtzion with the likud and became minister of agriculture .
1	the victoria hall remained in use until 1941 when it was destroyed by a german bomb .
1	a trauma surgeon before the rescue , he serves as a doctor to the crew .
1	deomyinae is the older name and therefore has priority over acomyinae .
1	since 1954 , rai broadcasts the entire event on national tv .
1	picasso was married twice and had four children by three women .
1	the braille system is a method that is widely used by blind people to read and write .
1	there are more than 70 genera divided into about 1,000 species .
1	higher education is provided at the university of n'djamena .
1	it was equipped and organized as part of the military reform program of ter-grigoriants .
1	fontaine-l'évêque is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	the castle itself was surrounded by a village and agricultural lands , bordered by outcrops of the little carpathians .
1	thousands of people attended the funeral of their beloved actor .
1	biological warfare has been practiced repeatedly throughout history .
1	yarm is a small town and civil parish in the borough of stockton-on-tees in north east england .
1	she was an engraver , an illustrator , a woodcut-artist , and a miniaturist painter .
1	the biggest airport in finland , the helsinki-vantaa airport , is located there .
1	confluence , in geography , describes the meeting of two or more bodies of water .
1	notes references nathuram godse — why i assassinated mahatma gandhi , surya bharti , delhi , india , 2003 .
1	his prison papers indicate that he is never to be released .
1	events march 26 — pope john xix crowns conrad ii holy roman emperor .
1	this will be the first of 57 consecutive nights of bombing .
1	kowloon is located north of hong kong island and south of the mainland part of the new territories .
1	opposed by cyril of alexandria , nestorius was condemned at the first council of ephesus in 431 .
1	for reasons not altogether clear , it is less common in victoria .
1	the soviet union begins to jam voice of america broadcasts .
1	brown died in tunica , mississippi in 1952 at the age of 52 .
1	auburn is a college town and is the home of auburn university .
1	it is now disused and is a tourist attraction .
1	berzelius is credited with identifying the chemical elements silicon , selenium , thorium , and cerium .
1	goslar is a historic town in lower saxony , germany .
1	quiévrain is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	twice in the 18th century , frauenfeld was partly destroyed by fire , in 1771 and in 1788 .
1	the wolf emerges the victor of the encounter and there is no happy ending .
1	down street opened 15 december 1906 ; closed 21 may 1932 , between green park and hyde park corner .
1	there are several types of hunting dogs developed for various tasks .
1	that is , it is the inertia of a rigid rotating body with respect to its rotation .
1	ayda field as of january 2007 , williams is dating american actress ayda field .
1	any member of the public is a licensee , and is addressed as `` you '' .
1	the forthcoming version 10.6 is named `` snow leopard '' .
1	a phosphate , an inorganic chemical , is a salt of phosphoric acid .
1	he was elected in december 24 , 1294 after pope celestine v abdicated in december 13 .
1	it is a close quarter battle combat or last-resort weapon .
1	but the novel is not limited to only a love story .
1	havelange is a walloon municipality and village in the belgian province of namur .
1	one of the most important historical entries in the diary was written on october 28 , 1941 .
1	however , when including migrants , guangdong has a higher population than henan .
1	i wo n't leave without the king .
1	stefanie sun 's 10th album , against the light , has been a major success in asia .
1	in the 2001 general election he was elected to parliament for the labour stronghold of south shields .
1	the thermal lake of hévíz is the largest biologically active , natural thermal lake of the world .
1	the hart trophy was first awarded at the conclusion of the 1923–24 nhl season .
1	his grave is , perhaps coincidentally , only some 100 metres away from that of marie duplessis .
1	he is succeeded by vice president john tyler , who becomes the 10th president of the united states .
1	the large spikes were probably used between males in contests of strength to defend territory or gain mates .
1	upland is a city in san bernardino county , california with an elevation of .
1	this famous phrase signifies the continuity of sovereignty , attached to a personal form of power named auctoritas .
1	it is a computer program designed for document-oriented applications .
1	the genre in its current form dates back to the early 1950s .
1	she continues to tour the world , often in support of human rights .
1	name the band came up with the name by flicking through the bible and picking out a random word .
1	he was one of disney 's nine old men , and the last to pass away .
1	he was born in boyacá , colombia .
1	contributors people from over 130 countries contributed to the ipcc fourth assessment report over the previous 6 years .
1	le rœulx is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	banca monte dei paschi di siena , the world 's oldest surviving bank , is founded .
1	the following day portsmouth manager harry redknapp confirmed that he had agreed to become the new manager of tottenham .
1	she represented texas in the miss usa 2008 pageant held in april 2008 .
1	ripuarian languages thus are part of the west middle continental germanic language group .
1	some of the ernestine duchies retained their separate existence until 1918 .
1	constantine would become the first christian emperor .
1	wcw had already abandoned the title after meng signed a contract with the wwf in january 2001 .
1	events by place roman empire claudius marries plautia urgulanilla following the death of livia medullina .
1	shortly thereafter , mal receives a call from inara , a former passenger .
1	episodes generally consisted of peter and so-so exploring the world in his time-traveling hot air balloon .
1	in males , meiosis occurs in precursor cells known as spermatogonia that divide twice to become sperm .
1	he makes puns , which are either deliberately cheap or humorous but over-celebrated .
1	references courcelles is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	geography altenburger land is the easternmost district of thuringia .
1	the municipality of ponce is the second largest in puerto rico by land area after the municipality of arecibo .
1	the two most important islands are viti levu and vanua levu .
1	only on rare occasions will they co-write a song .
1	as an example , the radioactive decay of carbon-14 is exponential with a half-life of 5730 years .
1	aids : koop was surgeon general when public health authorities first began to take notice of aids .
1	according to the 1987 philippine constitution , filipino , and english are the official languages .
1	back up an entire system , including user data , to an installable live cd/dvd .
1	cycas is the type genus and the only genus currently recognised in the cycad family cycadaceae .
1	in the following weeks , vignettes aired hyping his return on the august 21 episode of raw .
1	lower secondary students wear a white short-sleeved shirt , white short trousers and white socks .
1	the municipality of aartselaar is located in the southern outskirts of antwerp .
1	these , apparently , were led by tituba , parris 's slave from barbados .
1	date of birth claude r. kirk , jr. 1967 1971 january 7 , 1926 reubin o 'd .
1	science and technology - the development of the steam engine continued at pace .
1	marco polo bridge , or lugouqiao , is completed in beijing .
1	june january the triple alliance of 1668 is formed between england , sweden and the united provinces .
1	early planes were made from wood with a rectangular slot or mortise cut across the center of the body .
1	john ii of castile declares the valladolid laws that restrict the social rights of jews .
1	background and early life priscilla cooper was born in new york city in 1816 .
1	addington is a village in south london , england , in the london borough of croydon .
1	statistical surveys are used to collect quantitative information about items in a population .
1	the current chairman of the party is marc abramsson .
1	it has strict rules on player amateurism and the pinnacle of the sport is the inter-county all-ireland football final .
1	in contrast to the mellow cantopop style , northwest wind songs were sung loudly and forcefully .
1	the first 238 chapters are known as part i , and constitute the first part of the naruto storyline .
1	this was designed to reduce speculation in the international currency markets , which he saw as dangerous and unproductive .
1	they have two adult children .
1	his mastery of verse has been compared to that of shakespeare , homer , virgil , and dante .
1	elvis presley and priscilla beaulieu are married in las vegas .
1	film career after moving to los angeles , hewitt appeared in more than twenty television commercials .
1	the forms with the same colours join together to form cheering teams during the sports days .
1	the archie universe archie is set in the small town of riverdale .
1	mario kart 64 is the sequel to super mario kart for the super nintendo entertainment system .
1	karachi is linked by rail to the rest of the country by pakistan railways .
1	youngest son of duke aleksandr duke bagrat aleksandrovich lost his older brother duke anton alekjsandrovich .
1	it is the most junior of the british orders of chivalry , and has more members than any other .
1	the protagonist does not want to be an object , while performing over a complex beat .
1	the republic of west florida declares independence from spain .
1	there is a general standardization of the various styles of calligraphy in the east asian tradition .
1	later , in 1810 , jaques-barthélemy , the grandson of the founder , becomes the head of the company .
1	world war ii petr shelokhonov survived the nazi occupation during world war ii .
1	the ubigeo code uniquely identifies each province .
1	notes and references external links cincinnati bengals official web site sports e-cyclopedia .
1	k-meleon is a web browser for the microsoft windows platform .
1	poly , jean-pierre and bournazel , eric , the feudal transformation , 900-1200 .
1	the center of the principality of saxony was located in the area now covered by the district .
1	the capital of algeria is algiers .
1	harran 's ruins date from roman , sabian , and islamic caliphate times .
1	it was also used as a disinfectant .
1	photographs of at saint clement 's church his term as presiding bishop ended on november 1 , 2006 .
1	early history at the time of the domesday book , 15 families and 3 slaves lived at hartley .
1	personal life in 1969 he married the pianist viktoria postnikova .
1	the area was greatly opened up by settlers from the 1860s .
1	incourt is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	it was occupied by the romans with the rest of the surrounding area in the first century bce .
1	it received the temporary designation s/1989 n 1 .
1	biography early life catherine howard was the fourth child of lord edmund howard and joyce culpeper .
1	there are many marked hiking paths through the rural areas .
1	position 1948 pat harder chicago cardinals fullback modesto bee , december 17 , 1948 , pg .
1	a soup kitchen is a place that serves prepared food of any kind to the homeless .
1	in cairo , yasser arafat is elected palestine liberation organization leader at the palestinian national congress .
1	the karen languages are tonal languages spoken by some three million karen people .
1	besides selling their famed character goods , sanrio also takes part in movie production and publishing .
1	it may be referred to as a power bloc , interest group or voting bloc .
1	at judgment day , mysterio defeated jbl by pinfall after performing a frog splash .
1	the official name of the state is the `` commonwealth of massachusetts '' .
1	in western countries , many people keep domesticated rats as pets .
1	he was replaced in late 1970 by phil collins .
1	the lake is also used for commercial fishing .
1	october 9 — the third crusade ends in disaster .
1	they opened their first restaurant in milwaukee , located at 60th street and silver spring drive .
1	brüning 's first official act was to introduce a budget calling for steep spending cuts and steep tax increases .
1	phillip had a very difficult time assembling the fleet which was to make the eight-month sea voyage to australia .
1	in times of war or conflict , prisoners of war may also be detained in prisons .
1	billy cranston the blue power ranger and later the blue ninja ranger .
1	the first electric chair was made by harold p. brown .
1	war erupted between castile and france on one side and portugal and england on the other .
1	he was the first to initiate the company 's exports to france and italy .
1	drama cds a short audio drama cd was released at comiket 71 on december 31 , 2006 .
1	he was a renowned keyboard performer and most of his compositions were written for this medium .
1	named after the ticino river , it is the only canton in which italian is the sole official language .
1	electromagnetic field — a field composed of the electric field and the magnetic field .
1	if they are not , their displeasure : does n't matter either .
1	the capital of tuxtla gutiérrez is located in the central valley , which enjoys a roughly tierra templada climate .
1	coweta is a city in wagoner county , oklahoma , united states and is a suburb of tulsa .
1	bäcker was arrested on 2 february 1971 .
1	the violin is sometimes informally called a fiddle , regardless of the type of music played on it .
1	the two had a son named buster .
1	structure the bulbourethral glands are compound tubulo-alveolar glands , each approximately the size of a pea .
1	tinlot is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	the west window is very large and never a rose , which are reserved for the transept gables .
1	during world war ii his family moved back to orenburg and then in 1943 to moscow .
1	he died in lausanne , switzerland .
1	ichtegem is a municipality located in the belgian province of west flanders 15 km southwest of bruges .
1	the story was first serialized in the american science fiction magazine amazing stories .
1	galton had a prolific intellect , and produced over 340 papers and books throughout his lifetime .
1	rank protests and sit-ins spread to many other universities .
1	together with its werra tributary , which originates in thuringia , its length is 744 km .
1	princeton was the fourth institution of higher education in the u.s. to conduct classes .
1	it was created by id software and published by apogee software .
1	common to all is a tendency towards a lugubrious , mystical sound and outlook .
1	she and nicholas became engaged in april 1894 in coburg , germany .
1	among the notable older monasteries is the choijin lama monastery , a buddhist monastery that was completed in 1908 .
1	law and government alexander county is a member of the regional western piedmont council of governments .
1	fedora 7 fedora 7 , codenamed moonshine , was released on may 31 , 2007 .
1	she lists new york city as her favorite city because of its constant activity .
1	birmingham was granted city status in 1889 by queen victoria .
1	in the 1967 presidential election , daar was defeated by abdirashid ali shermarke , his former prime minister .
1	hemer is a town in the märkischer kreis district , in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
1	she urges sextus to go assassinate titus .
1	abilities and interests throughout the series , rowling wrote harry potter as a gifted wizard apprentice .
1	he declined to return to australia and did not testify during the inquest .
1	he was a charter member of the justice society of america , whose adventures ran in all star comics .
1	emperor go-komatsu abdicates and emperor shoko accedes to the throne of japan .
1	raynald of chatillon is released from prison in aleppo .
1	december september 12 andrea doria defeats his former allies , the french , and establishes the independence of genoa .
1	mexicali is the capital of the mexican state of baja california .
1	with lyrics by henrik lund and music composed by jonathan petersen , the anthem was officially adopted in 1916 .
1	by topic religion fatimid caliph al-hakim orders the destruction of all jewish and christian places of worship .
1	this ability enables them to live in cooler waters and to survive in a wide range of ocean environments .
1	this leads to an argument between the couple , which results in lucy leaving jude .
1	he plays bass guitar and provides vocals for both bands .
1	parent material the rock from which soil is formed is called parent material .
1	the beluga is able to change the shape of its head by blowing air around its sinuses .
1	thus many common `` -ish '' forms have irregular demonyms .
1	it is known for its clean thin air and was once known for its health sanitariums .
1	the first fleet , of 11 ships , set sail on 13 may 1787 .
1	it was previously published under the name flame !
1	his symbolic animal and messenger is the dove .
1	the total green area of curitiba is one of the largest in cities in brazil .
1	this category contains articles related to motorways in the united kingdom .
1	soundtrack the crysis special edition soundtrack was composed by inon zur , and released on november 27 , 2007 .
1	during t.r . 's administration , the white house was unmistakably the social center of the land .
1	aywaille is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of liège .
1	becker is an american television sitcom that ran from 1998 to 2004 on cbs .
1	nomenclature many military installations are known as forts , although they are not always fortified .
1	the leader of the titans tells hercules that he can go free because he is not defending the gods .
1	aberlin worked on various tv spots , and played lady aberlin on mister rogers ' neighborhood .
1	as in other members of the myrtle family , eucalyptus leaves are covered with oil glands .
1	it is also a special statute region , divided in 10 arrondissements .
1	evere is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the brussels-capital region of belgium .
1	the second epistle to the corinthians is a book in the new testament , written by paul the apostle .
1	most people now use granulated or liquid instant substitutes .
1	speaking vocabulary a person 's speaking vocabulary is all the words he or she can use in speech .
1	they associated chocolate with xochiquetzal , the goddess of fertility , and often used chocolate beverages as sacred offerings .
1	there are an estimated 20 volapük speakers in the world today .
1	the present monarch , however , holds court at buckingham palace , where dignitaries are received .
1	the philharmonia is one of the most recorded orchestras in the world , with over one thousand recordings .
1	khan began his career appearing in several television serials in the late 1980s .
1	the vast majority of dishes are based on meat .
1	to the surprise of many , she decided not to seek re-election to the senate in 1989 .
1	lorsch is well known for the lorsch abbey , which has been named a world heritage site .
1	the centre of frankfurt is located on the north side of the river .
1	fish & chips in north german and danish cuisine plaice is one of the most commonly eaten fishes .
1	charts `` mobile '' was released only in australia and new zealand .
1	viz hit it big time by introducing the inuyasha anime on adult swim , where it gained massive recognition .
1	during the first boer war , the city was besieged by republican forces in december 1880 and march 1881 .
1	the capital of chalkidiki is the main town of polygyros , located in the center of the peninsula .
1	the life and times of scrooge mcduck is a revisionist comic book story by don rosa about scrooge mcduck .
1	the anti-war movement began to take hold among university students .
1	in 1882 the government decided to build a new central passenger station to replace the existing ad-hoc construction .
1	the smallpox epidemics probably resulted in the largest death tolls for native americans .
1	disruptive links it is better to put information on your user page , rather than in your signature .
1	an alternative to the histogram is kernel density estimation , which uses a kernel to smooth samples .
1	orp-jauche is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	it is located in the province of southern finland and is part of the päijänne tavastia region .
1	the first episode of the bbc television series doctor who is broadcast in the united kingdom .
1	it surrounds the urethra just below the urinary bladder and can be felt during a rectal exam .
1	tagore worked hard to fundraise for and staff the school , even contributing all of his nobel prize monies .
1	associations emphysema is commonly associated with bronchitis and chronic bronchitis .
1	the film 's animation technique combines traditional hand-drawn animation and extensive use of computer generated imagery .
1	biography cheung was born in hong kong to a chinese father and a half chinese-half british mother.asiaone.com .
1	however , most scholars think dionysius placed the birth of jesus in the previous year , 1 bc .
1	history the district in its present form was established in the administrative reform of 1973 .
1	his father died when he was ten , followed by his mother five years later .
1	essays on the sermon on the mount .
1	they ceased to be used for census reporting in 1841 .
1	family and off-track life schumacher 's younger brother ralf was a formula one driver until the end of 2007 .
1	may 14 — henri i is crowned king of france at reims cathedral .
1	there are many other ways of defining functions .
1	the basque radical rock group kortatu created the song sarri , sarri in honor of this .
1	the generic name comes from greek koikas , and means `` a kind of palm '' .
1	shoe moulding may be used between where the lower floor and the first riser meet .
1	in order to earn his favor , aphrodite promised paris the most beautiful woman in the world .
1	napoleon occupied the palace , while his troops made camp nearby .
1	some definitions definitions specific to subfields are common .
1	new delhi : asian educational services , 1998 .
1	psamathe was discovered by scott s. sheppard and david c. jewitt in 2003 using the 8.2 meter subaru telescope .
1	japanese mythology is a system of beliefs that embraces shinto and buddhist traditions as well as agriculture-based folk religion .
1	hoppin , medieval music p. 82 .
1	episode 12 was the first episode to feature credits for the cast of the show .
1	the opening scene begins with knowles wearing a tank top , short shorts , and red high-heels .
1	core duo was released on 5 january 2006 , with the other components of the napa platform .
1	the college also grants arms to citizens of other commonwealth countries that do not have their own heraldic authorities .
1	medley also had a moderately successful solo career .
1	toponyms wayland is associated with wayland 's smithy , a burial mound in oxfordshire .
1	notes sources and external links johannes baptist sägmüller .
1	a revolt occurs in the yucatán capital mayapan ; the maya civilization splits into warring city-states .
1	holly springs is a town in wake county , north carolina , united states .
1	the communist party of germany also made striking gains , albeit not so great .
1	january 1 smoking is banned in all california bars and restaurants .
1	livy 's histories modern works william smith 's , a dictionary of greek and roman antiquities at lacuscurtius .
1	the methodology used to produce this graph was criticized in an article by stephen mcintyre and ross mckitrick .
1	the shining rock wilderness is a protected wilderness area in the u.s. state of north carolina .
1	the book is a very complete treatise on scientific accountancy , beautifully prepared and containing elaborate explanations .
1	events by place asia gyeonhwon formally establishes the kingdom of hubaekje in southwestern korea .
1	through him all things were made ... '' .
1	this is the only novel in the series that does not feature lord voldemort in some form .
1	the primary object is to score by driving the ball through the goals .
1	taiwan-fu was later renamed to tainan-fu in 1885 when taiwan was established as a province .
1	alba met cash warren , son of actor michael warren , while making fantastic four in 2004 .
1	he also became the third person out of only four to win two nobel prizes .
1	the rest are fixed structures adapted to the relief of the terrain .
1	he shoots and produces many of his films in his native texas and mexico .
1	bocholt is a city in the north-west of north rhine-westphalia , germany , part of the district borken .
1	manfred is killed in the battle and pope clement iv invests charles as king of sicily and naples .
1	a myrmecophile is an organism that lives in association with ants .
1	in 1868 , page built a hotel to serve railroad passengers coming through cary .
1	this article is about the late 19th-century revolution that transpired in the philippines .
1	miranjani , the highest peak in the abbottabad district , is located in namli maira .
1	in the sixteenth century it became a protestant city .
1	adapted from the novel of the same name by konstantin sedykh and directed by viktor tregubovich .
1	the platypus is an excellent swimmer and spends much of its time in the water foraging for food .
1	an especially serious form is disseminated tb , more commonly known as miliary tuberculosis .
1	stern , susan , marshall plan 1947–1997 a german view '' stueck , william whitney , ed .
1	with some difficulty , susanna is convinced of the truth of the situation , and joins the celebration .
1	georgia is currently working to become a full member of nato .
1	doische is a walloon municipality located in belgium in the province of namur .
1	brideshead revisited was brought to the screen in 1981 in the itv drama serialisation , produced by granada television .
1	for the 2008-09 season , tranmere rovers are playing in league one , the third tier of english football .
1	as of 2005 , he is the president of the bundestag , the lower house of the german parliament .
1	there are many such lakes , but lake vostok in antarctica is by far the largest .
1	her death , in july 1803 , troubled ampère for the rest of his life .
1	the term cetartiodactyla is most commonly used to describe the classification that whales evolved from within the artiodactyls .
1	the main river is the olt river ; along its banks lies the capital city sfântu gheorghe .
1	sometimes ovas garner enough interest to justify commissioning a full television series , such as tenchi muyo !
1	the betty , a ship full of mercenaries , arrives delivering several kidnapped humans in hypersleep .
1	chaturanga is played in its current form in india .
1	the period of his rule is often called the momoyama period , after hideyoshi 's castle .
1	heaps of long uncollected garbage and roving packs of semi-wild dogs were not uncommon sights .
1	barrymore 's career began when she auditioned for a dog food commercial at eleven months old .
1	the city of doha also held the 2006 asian games , which was the largest asian games ever held .
1	fibers are often used in the manufacture of other materials .
1	they are located in the igarape omere region to the southwest of rondônia .
1	eponym the glands were named after the physician who described them first in western medical literature , alexander skene .
1	the most expensive spice , saffron , consists of dried stigmas of a crocus .
1	fevre dream is a vampire novel written by george r. r. martin and published in 1982 .
1	the fraser government with howard as treasurer lost the 1983 election to the labor party led by bob hawke .
1	richard iii and harold ii are the only english monarchs to have died in battle .
1	the first single released from the album was a duet with kidman , on `` somethin ' stupid '' .
1	all the constituents who are registered to vote are referred to as the electorate .
1	moray eels are huge cosmopolitan eels of the family muraenidae .
1	his cell observations gave no indication of the nucleus and other organelles found in most living cells .
1	development originally , the guitar hero mobile series was published by hands-on mobile and developed by machineworks northwest llc .
1	seeing figaro and marcellina in celebration , susanna mistakenly believes that figaro is happily reconciled to marriage with marcellina .
1	appearances peach is portrayed as the princess of the mushroom kingdom .
1	their former home was burnden park , where they played for 102 years until relocating to the reebok stadium .
1	southampton is a major port and the closest city to the new forest .
1	he played primarily as a second baseman for the yankees and rangers .
1	in 1983 , he obtained his german license , a year after he won the german junior kart championship .
1	swedish diplomat raoul wallenberg disappears in hungary while in soviet custody .
1	the spartans represent a more traditional , circumspect , and less expansive power .
1	her trademark weapons are the amazon fighting staff and , later , the sais .
1	julius caesar emerges victorious and becomes roman dictator for life .
1	in 1846 lincoln was elected to one term in the u.s. house of representatives .
1	ducktales is an american animated television series produced by walt disney television animation .
1	it can not live on land so it dies and hercules climbs out of its nostril .
1	tinfoil hat linux bootable floppy distribution focusing on extreme security thinstation thin client distribution supporting all major connectivity protocols .
1	cf develops when neither allele can produce a functional cftr protein .
1	her maternal grandparents were henry vii of england and his queen consort elizabeth of york .
1	kangaroos , wallabies and allies , bettongs , potaroos and rat kangaroos are all members of this suborder .
1	personal life astin married christine harrell on july 11 , 1992 .
1	work kahn has produced work in various media but is best known for his work in public radio .
1	the court meets in washington , d.c. in the united states supreme court building .
1	the famous russian mathematician nikolai ivanovich lobachevsky was its rector from 1827 until 1846 .
1	this type of euphemism is used in public relations and politics , where it is sometimes called doublespeak .
1	milk and honey – book by don appell , lyrics and music by jerry herman .
1	a zippo lighter is a refillable , metal lighter manufactured by zippo manufacturing company of bradford , pennsylvania .
1	disadvantages the biggest technical problem for oleds is the limited lifetime of the organic materials .
1	color a common misconception is that the oceans are blue primarily because the sky is blue .
1	aube is a department in the northeastern part of france named after the aube river .
1	he took the post of chief conductor of the netherlands radio philharmonic in 1957 .
1	méguet is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	it was also at this time that shostakovich composed the first of his string quartets .
1	the great famine of 1315-1317 is at its peak .
1	serious accidents the worst nuclear accident in history is the chernobyl disaster .
1	it is often cited as the first building in the gothic style .
1	he was minister of the interior in the first cabinet of konrad adenauer .
1	the wounds inflicted by a club are generally known as bludgeoning or blunt-force trauma injuries .
1	there are a number of different arrangements of alphabetic , numeric , and punctuation symbols on keys .
1	his role would also result in a golden globe nomination and academy award nomination for best supporting actor .
1	berloz is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	in freetime , the maxis logo has been replaced by a symbol of the sims plumbob .
1	he was a member of the observant branch of the dominican order at fiesole .
1	oh long may it wave o'er the land of the free and the home of the brave .
1	on 11 september 1989 , hungary finally opened its borders for citizens of the german democratic republic for good .
1	at the 2009 world championships they placed 4th .
1	joondalup is a northern suburb and regional city in perth , western australia .
1	the single was released on 21 august 2006 , reaching number 20 in the uk singles charts .
1	leizu discovered silkworms while on a walk investigating damage to the emperor 's mulberry trees .
1	other organisms , called heterotrophs , take in autotrophs as food to carry out functions necessary for their life .
1	hence , these oriental orthodox churches are also called old oriental churches or non-chalcedonian churches .
1	june february 9 pope gregory xv succeeds pope paul v as the 234th pope .
1	it won 2 grammy awards and an mtv video music award .
1	the 100 french departments are divided into 342 arrondissements , which may be translated into english as districts .
1	as known , duke anton aleksandrovich appeared in the city rostov on don .
1	in 1996 albert ii of belgium king of the belgians , gave him the title of baron .
1	salogo is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	wicke also claimed to have been threatened by yushchenko 's associates .
1	the country is separated into two regions — peninsular malaysia and malaysian borneo — by the south china sea .
1	it was designed by translator and linguist sonja elen kisa of toronto .
1	between 1941 and 1944 he worked as a pharmacist in the concentration-camp mauthausen .
1	the title might be translated as `` summer has come in '' or `` summer has arrived '' .
1	however , it is equally likely to decay at any time .
1	he made several contributions to hydrodynamics and held that perpetual motion is impossible , except in celestial bodies .
1	finnix a small system administration live cd that is available for multiple architectures .
1	many human cultures make use of ants in cuisine , medication and rituals .
1	she called home and subsequently left the gang without ever having technically committed any crimes .
1	the organizers tried but ultimately failed to arrest yeltsin , who rallied mass opposition to the coup .
1	the leaves are evergreen , 7–11 cm long and 3–5.5 cm wide , with a serrated margin .
1	paper covers or captures rock ; paper wins .
1	he briefly studied with pianist sal mosca , who was a student of the legendary lennie tristano .
1	richard i of england is taken hostage by leopold v of austria .
1	early life tyler was born liv rundgren at mount sinai hospital in new york city , new york .
1	it does not contain a finite verb .
1	on september 23 , 2005 , lashley made his televised wwe debut as a fan favorite on smackdown !
1	the closest exemplar of real nagamaki that can be seen today is nagamaki-naoshi .
1	it is the capital of the autonomous community of la rioja , formerly known as logroño province .
1	usually referred to as the dark page .
1	the latest game in the series , wizardry 8 , is available only for microsoft windows .
1	the tune to twinkle twinkle little star is published in france .
1	it became part of the state of saxony-anhalt upon german reunification in 1990 .
1	the si unit of measurement of electric current , the ampere , is named after him .
1	symptoms athlete 's foot causes scaling , flaking , and itching of the affected skin .
1	the lake was filled in and the land reused as the location for the new flavian amphitheatre .
1	most meat roasts are large cuts of meat , and need to cook for a long time .
1	sports columbus is home to the ohio state buckeyes college football team .
1	axopodia are thin pseudopods containing complex arrays of microtubules and are enveloped by cytoplasm .
1	united currently play in the scottish premier league and have been managed by craig levein since october 2006 .
1	jamie anderson at allmusic as of 2007 she had released nine full-length albums .
1	even today , most critics have not reviewed duck hunt .
1	largely for his efforts to form the league , he was awarded the nobel peace prize in 1919 .
1	menominee is a city in the upper peninsula of the u.s. state of michigan .
1	chlorophyll from these herbs is extracted giving the drink its famous green color .
1	by topic arts and sciences the poem metamorphoses is written by ovid .
1	his father , abram garfield , died in 1833 , when james abram was 17 months old .
1	in august 2008 , bloc party released their third studio record , intimacy .
1	the final original peanuts comic strip is published , following the death of its creator , charles schulz .
1	mori soba topped with shredded nori seaweed .
1	research in these fields have influenced anthropologists working in other countries to different degrees .
1	nobel prize in physics and 1933 – nobel prize presentation speech .
1	hundreds of students were arrested , the pundits analyzed , and the establishment foundered with incomprehension .
1	together , hpv types 16 and 18 currently cause about 70 % of cervical cancer cases .
1	the most distant moon of jupiter now known is .
1	the far side of the river was guarded by cerberus , the three-headed guard dog of hades .
1	he married in 1954 and since 1960 has lived in berlin as well as part-time in schleswig-holstein .
1	since the 1970s , curitiba has been working on alternatives to minimize the negative impacts of urbanization on rivers .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 77,415 .
1	he died in new york city in 1962 at the age of 71 from a heart attack .
1	four editions of windows 2000 were released : professional , server , advanced server , and datacenter server .
1	before she can leave , though , ferrando arrives and continues his attempted seduction .
1	the company operates a regular around-the-year service between ancona and split , alongside the seasonal lines ancona—hvar and ancona—vis .
1	mario kart ds is the first mario kart iteration to support online play .
1	mikhail gorbachev becomes general secretary of the soviet communist party and de facto leader of the soviet union .
1	merelbeke is a municipality located in the flemish province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	a fertility clinic aims to help those couples and individuals to become pregnant .
1	he tossed jörmungandr into the great ocean that encircles midgard .
1	site accessed 7 january 2007 academic study lyrics can be studied from an academic perspective .
1	nev. 32 new hampshire nh n.h. n.h. 33 new jersey nj n.j. n.j. 34 new mexico nm n. mex .
1	dalhem is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	to the surprise of many , o'kelly 's was not among the names considered for the office .
1	koekelberg is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the brussels-capital region of belgium .
1	finally in 1482 the order dispatched him to florence , the ‘ city of his destiny ’ .
1	in buddhist chronology the bodhi tree at the mahabodhi temple is called the sri maha bodhi .
1	also in 1922 the district rudolstadt was created , the second historical root of the district as of today .
1	the promenade concerts continued at the royal albert hall , and during 1942 wood and the bbc were reconciled .
1	for the administrative region of azerbaijan , see fizuli rayon ; for the city in azerbaijan , see füzuli .
1	building codes will then specify the minimum tread size at the walkline .
1	a film producer or movie producer is someone who creates the scenes and conditions for making movies .
1	on september 15 , 1794 , dolley todd married james madison , who was seventeen years older .
1	january june january 5 a great fire breaks out in eindhoven , netherlands .
1	new york , basic books , inc .
1	its formation is usually caused by the intrusion of energy and wind from the mid-latitudes into the tropics .
1	the battle of dong ap bia , also known as hamburger hill , begins during the vietnam war .
1	the tower has 296 or 294 steps ; the seventh floor has two fewer steps on the north-facing staircase .
1	the kármán line , at , also is often regarded as the boundary between atmosphere and outer space .
1	geography acre is covered mostly by the jungle of the amazon rainforest .
1	the olde early editions of silvanus p. thompson 's calculus made easy use the older term .
1	a solar cell or photovoltaic cell is a device that converts light directly into electricity by the photovoltaic effect .
1	each webkinz stuffed animal and webkinz accessory comes with an 8-character code .
1	most console workloads also cope with 128 mb ram at the cost of increased swap activity in tight situations .
1	she serves as the ship 's counselor on the enterprise .
1	he also eliminated the renting of church pews , arguing that it gave unfair prestige to the rich .
1	on the mountains , production of coffee and beans is an important activity .
1	he received his ph.d. in mathematical physics from princeton university in 1936 .
1	human sacrifice has been practiced on a number of different occasions and in many different cultures .
1	this was an upper reach of the murray river so named by charles sturt a few years later .
1	the `` document '' , below , refers to any such manual or work .
1	he was last seen in a video which purported to show him in the baghdad suburbs surrounded by supporters .
1	roger allam as e.p . arnold royalton , the corrupt owner of royalton industries .
1	sara had her own reasons for attempting to prevent their marriage and historians continue to discuss them .
1	the alps and massif central mountains constitute a physical barrier between italy and france and the rest of europe .
1	the crusaders defeat an egyptian invasion of the kingdom of jerusalem near ascalon .
1	there have also been seven incidents of nose gear malfunction , including jetblue airways flight 292 .
1	it moved north before losing its tropical characteristics and passing over the canadian maritimes as a strong extratropical storm .
1	in love hina , with ueda as urashima keitaro and horie as narusegawa naru .
1	from 1872 to his death he was professor of organ at the paris conservatory .
1	the southern part of the island , sint maarten , is part of the netherlands antilles .
1	manny defeated noah thomas by kimura lock in the preliminary round .
1	it is also referred to as meteor scatter communications in some documents .
1	the cartoon featured a hand-drawn depiction of a naked jesus on the cross with an erection .
1	undated france joins england in the war against spain , which began in 1654 .
1	support to the extensive tourism area along the shores of nearby lake huron also supports several businesses .
1	writing after universal studios acquired the movie rights to firefly from fox , whedon began writing the screenplay .
1	some professionals consider masturbation to function as a cardiovascular workout .
1	affligem abbey , of the order of st. benedict , is founded in affligem , belgium .
1	john lee hooker rarely played on a standard beat , changing tempo to fit the needs of the song .
1	historically , it is part of the abbasi state bahawal pur .
1	um also became the first american university to use the seminar method of study .
1	this is the first allied infantry victory of the war .
1	history the shores of lake constance near arbon have been inhabited since the stone age .
1	this normal force , called the apparent weight , is the one that is measured by a spring scale .
1	greenlandic/kalaallisut lyrics nunarput , utoqqarsuanngoravit niaqqut ulissimavoq qiinik .
1	quakenbrück is a town in the district of osnabrück , in lower saxony , germany .
1	gorton is an area of the city of manchester , in north west england .
1	a poet is a person who writes poetry .
1	he is the member of parliament for the scottish constituency of paisley and renfrewshire south representing the labour party .
1	sardinia and france defeat austria in solferino , northern italy .
1	they requested soviet troops to provide security and to assist in the fight against the mujahideen rebels .
1	enfranchised in , the mariners are a member of the western division of major league baseball 's american league .
1	undated étienne brûlé is the first european to see lake superior .
1	physical characteristics description botanically , mosses are bryophytes , or non-vascular plants .
1	it has been translated into many languages and has been circulated all around the world .
1	iron age during the iron age humans started using iron for making tools and weapons .
1	from dap to nsdap the small number of party members were quickly won over to hitler 's political beliefs .
1	sheikh mujibur rahman was assassinated in 1975 , enabling army chief major general ziaur rahman to seize power .
1	tampico , located at , is the main city in the mexican state of tamaulipas .
1	after playing in youth teams , drogba made his professional debut aged 18 for ligue 2 club le mans .
1	maidenhead is a town within the royal borough of windsor and maidenhead , in berkshire , england .
1	wooden wedges , that swelled after being saturated with water , were also used .
1	genk is a city and municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	san marino has one of the smallest military forces in the world .
1	events by place roman empire august 3 — roman general tiberius defeats the dalmatians on the river bathinus .
1	a significant decline in the population resulted from the invasion of the mongols in 1241 and the subsequent famine .
1	the city was essentially founded after britain ceded the island to france in 1887 .
1	every form 1 student has to learn to play at least 1 musical instrument .
1	his son emilio de villota jr. and daughter maría de villota are also racing drivers .
1	it is still used today , mostly in egypt , to write the coptic language .
1	in the middle ages the region profited from the vicinity of the wealthy hanseatic city of rostock .
1	he is the current incarnation of the avatar , the spirit of the planet in human form .
1	as stated above , cocaine is a stimulant , not a narcotic .
1	the griddle scone is a variety of scone which is fried rather than baked .
1	paris–roubaix is one of the oldest races of professional road cycling .
1	the latvian national theatre was founded in 1919 .
1	geography camagüey is mostly low lying , with no major hills or mountain ranges passing through the province .
1	rather , it includes only several clusters of suburban neighborhoods .
1	it bears a fruit of the same name , commonly used as a vegetable in cooking .
1	glen 's myspace site with blog , photos and information on any upcoming tour dates .
1	the plants are cultivated in warmer climates worldwide .
1	it lies on the southern coast of santiago island in the sotavento group .
1	his grandparents on both sides withdrew from school as teenagers to work for their families .
1	father-daughter and stepfather-daughter incest is most commonly reported with most of the remaining reports consisting of mother/stepmother-daughter/son incest .
1	he was operated on 10 october and had to pause for the following two months .
1	on august 1 , 2002 , guerrero and benoit began to wrestle exclusively for wwe 's smackdown !
1	salt licks placed nearby can prevent porcupines from injuring themselves .
1	air greenland , affiliated with the sas group , operates air services to ilulissat .
1	it is the oldest town in the province of drenthe .
1	in cross country skiing and biathlon competitions , skiers are sent out in 30 to 60 second intervals .
1	the government of nova scotia is a parliamentary democracy .
1	in most cases , rainfall is the only effect that these cyclones have on california .
1	glarus lies on the linth river at the foot of the glärnisch foothills in the glarus alps .
1	there are five subspecies of the short-beaked echidna , each found in a different geographical location .
1	new york and london : holmes and meier , 1991 .
1	its capital is the town of porrentruy .
1	jaschiu and the other children run away , leaving tadzio on the beach alone with aschenbach .
1	at the 2006 winter olympics , jacobellis won the silver medal in women 's snowboard cross 's olympics debut .
1	early life diego rivera was born in guanajuato city , guanajuato , to a well-off family .
1	its county seat is mobile , alabama .
1	in 1832 the seminoles were called to a meeting at payne 's landing on the ocklawaha river .
1	the film was produced by sunrise , animated by studio bones , and directed by kazuki akane .
1	it is typically found in the yucatán peninsula and some nearby caribbean islands .
1	the main tsunami raced across the pacific ocean and devastated hilo , hawaii .
1	breaching in spite of their enormous size , baleen whales are able to leap completely out of the water .
1	the relative efficiency of jet propulsion decreases further as animal size increases .
1	clara is overjoyed , but her brother fritz is jealous , and breaks the nutcracker .
1	her first novel , the semi-autobiographical we the living , was published in 1936 by macmillan .
1	the weapon was used in vietnam through the vietnam war .
1	marquette is a city in the u.s. state of michigan and the county seat of marquette county .
1	there are also other smaller malls and stand-alone department stores .
1	in education , a teacher is a person who educates others .
1	this short story was the first piece of fiction card ever published .
1	march 3 president james madison vetoes john c. calhoun 's bonus bill .
1	however in 1997 the teams involved resolved the dispute and adopted the current name rutherfordium .
1	dedicated issue of philosophical transactions b on the emergence of life on the early earth freely available .
1	the town of bahawalnagar is the capital of the district .
1	melville island is a vast , uninhabited member of the canadian arctic archipelago , canada with an area of .
1	its status as a state went into full effect two years later on january 1 , 1979 .
1	pittacus was one of the seven sages of greece .
1	battle of bouvines : in france , philip ii of france defeats john of england .
1	also , the level of violence was reduced between the manga and the anime .
1	neighboring districts are trier-saarburg , birkenfeld , kusel , neunkirchen , saarlouis , and merzig-wadern .
1	notes references george a. jeffrey .
1	published in 1993 , it was followed by the novel max the mighty in 1998 .
1	there are four species in the americas and two species in the old world .
1	it was temporarily closed in 1940 during world war ii to be used as an air-raid shelter .
1	it was one of the kingdoms that founded the crown of castile , and the kingdom of spain .
1	however , piracy is widespread around somalia 's coastal areas , making sea transport risky .
1	biography little is known about titus maccius plautus ' early life .
1	modern communication by way of internet , telephone , and mobile phone are also available .
1	joseph kerr and steve lewis , support for n-power plants falls , the australian , 30 december 2006 .
1	some bolas have balls of equal weight , others vary the knot and cord .
1	he named his daughter harley quinn after the character from mad love , a batman comic book .
1	the population is german speaking and typically either protestant or catholic .
1	for the rest of the country , the rain season is from may to november .
1	wikipedia is not a crystal ball wikipedia is not a collection of unverifiable speculation .
1	they had access to books , and ellis made good use of his time to study .
1	nitro won the match and became ecw world champion .
1	ricketts , taylor h. , eric dinerstein , david m. olson , colby j. loucks , et al .
1	white oleander is a 2002 drama film directed by peter kosminsky .
1	from this base johnson began travelling up and down the delta as an itinerant musician .
1	the philadelphia eagles are a professional american football team based in philadelphia .
1	quel giorno sulla luna rizzoli , 1970 .
1	digging into africa 's past references sources bonnet , charles , et al .
1	the most prominent among the latter were marcus junius brutus and gaius cassius longinus .
1	the commune is the lowest level of administrative division in the french republic .
1	a furious de valera turned down the offer and ordered o'kelly to return to paris .
1	it is 19,069 km2 in area and has a population of 1,012,707 .
1	mild niacin deficiency has been shown to slow metabolism , causing decreased tolerance to the cold .
1	in 1892 he won in the lecco-milano ; followed by a victory in the milano-torino .
1	ytterbium is found with other rare earth elements in several rare minerals .
1	his father was the physician louis k. diamond , and his mother a teacher , musician , and linguist .
1	in the late 1890s scranton was home to a series of early international league baseball teams .
1	the district has an estimated population of 408,000 .
1	his first published drawing was for the satirical magazine punch , at the age of 16 .
1	terre de nos aïeux , ton front est ceint de fleurons glorieux !
1	as of 2008 , the population was 103,160 .
1	persecution of christians christians had lived in peace during most of the rule of diocletian .
1	fosses-la-ville is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	europe - lake ladoga , followed by lake onega , both located in northwestern russia .
1	gummo was not in any of the movies ; zeppo appeared only in the first five .
1	the following year , arafat and rabin were awarded the nobel peace prize , along with shimon peres .
1	games - covering video games and various other games .
1	fauset worked as a schoolteacher for many years and retired from teaching in 1944 .
1	it is the sequel to the japan-only game boy advance title rhythm tengoku .
1	the scg trust operates the sydney cricket ground and sydney football stadium at moore park in eastern sydney .
1	wikipedia : citing sources explains process and standards for citing references in articles .
1	faline was featured as one of the guests in disney 's house of mouse .
1	it is fair to say that cobol was based very much on her philosophy .
1	they all obtained independence in 1960 .
1	as a work of architecture , it is regarded as the greatest building of its age .
1	the ceremony was to take place on september 6 ; guardasoni had been approached about the opera in june .
1	since 1980 the senior pastor has been john piper .
1	biden is the first roman catholic and the first delawarean to become vice president of the united states .
1	source : cci de la marne : activités touristiques .
1	while an actively loyal french citizen , she never lost her sense of polish identity .
1	most of the rest is due to land-use change , particularly deforestation .
1	gas and oil rivalry in the east china sea asia times online .
1	they also measured the visible and infrared spectra and measured the moon 's surface temperature .
1	his elder brother was richard grenville-temple , later the 2nd earl temple .
1	the british gazette and sunday monitor , the first sunday newspaper in britain , begins publication .
1	bel and the dragon is included as daniel 14 .
1	she was the fifth daughter and youngest child of queen victoria and prince albert of saxe-coburg and gotha .
1	after a seizure , it is typical for a person to be exhausted and confused .
1	twilight is a series of four vampire-based fantasy/romance novels by the american author stephenie meyer .
1	as the civil war was drawing to a close , lincoln became the first american president to be assassinated .
1	he died of tuberculosis at the tender age of 21 .
1	the philharmonic performed in pyongyang at the invitation of the north korean government on february 26 , 2008 .
1	when thou tookest upon thee to deliver man : thou didst not abhor the virgin 's womb .
1	globalization and belonging : the politics of identity in a changing world .
1	also close to the square is the small church of st. sixtus .
1	as of the mid 1990s , most people in chiapas were poor , rural small farmers .
1	his reign spanned the years from 809 through 823 .
1	he was the son of king edward the elder , and nephew of æthelflæd of mercia .
1	liberty was settled in 1822 , and shortly later became the county seat of clay county .
1	league business art ross bitterly complained about the stanley cup final setup .
1	when he came to power , vlad immediately had all the assembled nobles arrested .
1	cellulose is a polymer made with repeated glucose units bonded together by beta-linkages .
1	it is set to be released on september 29 , 2009 .
1	the light causes a conformational change in a protein called rhodopsin .
1	the leaves are large , 50-70 cm diameter , deeply palmately lobed with 7 lobes .
1	he is also one of the most prolific ; his collected works fill 60–80 quarto volumes .
1	her mother then entered her in a little miss america pageant where chase won the national vocal competition .
1	peer is a municipality located in the province of limburg , flemish region , belgium .
1	it is about 50 million years and the lebanon amber 130 - 135 million years old .
1	managerial statistics performance by club team nat from to record p !
1	in 1919 , 151 co-operative party councillors were elected at local level .
1	this allows patients to undergo surgery and other procedures without the distress and pain they would otherwise experience .
1	what she wants , it seems , is cherubino 's hand in marriage .
1	it was produced by mani ratnam and ram gopal varma in conjunction with shekar kapur .
1	benjamin huntsman discovered the crucible technique in the 1740s at his workshop in handsworth .
1	in geography , temperate or tepid latitudes of the globe lie between the tropics and the polar circles .
1	lenzburg transformed into the economic centre of the region in the 19th century .
1	common names for the genus include lobster-claws , wild plantains or false bird-of-paradise .
1	please gently let newcomers know that their work is never lost and can always be retrieved from the history .
1	its capital is rabat , and its largest city is casablanca .
1	leaves can store food and water , and are modified in some plants for other purposes .
1	his totalitarian tendencies put the senatorial aristocracy firmly in opposition to him .
1	jehoahaz was the first king of judah to die in exile .
1	red hat linux split into fedora core and red hat enterprise linux .
1	the restoration of santa maria in cosmedin begins .
1	in 1971 , park won another close election , this time over kim dae-jung in the presidential election .
1	may 20 , 2005 and triggered other earthquakes as far away as alaska .
1	rixensart is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	for example searching 5 in base 2 in google results in 5 = 0b101 .
1	the united states environmental protection agency rates and regulates hydrochloric acid as a toxic substance .
1	leeds has also had riots in hunslet , holbeck , quarry hill and more recently chapeltown and harehills .
1	municipal government bürgermeister , in german : in germany , austria , and formerly in switzerland .
1	several measures have been taken by the government to combat drug trafficking .
1	the second period of the war lasted from january to november 1919 .
1	bilzen is a belgian city and municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	bison are herbivores , grazing on the grasses and sedges of the north american prairies .
1	articles anecdotes from steve jobs ' early days in apple as reported by andy hertzfeld .
1	minix 3 currently supports only ia-32 architecture pc compatible systems .
1	cabarrus county is a county located in the south-central part of the u.s. state of north carolina .
1	in the 18th and 19th centuries , the valley began to be industrialized .
1	despite the common name and the grain-like use of the crop , buckwheat is not a cereal or grass .
1	in 1858 , he became organist at the newly-consecrated saint clotilde basilica , where he remained until his death .
1	they were also recognized as the world 's best-selling female group of all time .
1	pure starch is a white , tasteless and odorless powder that is insoluble in cold water or alcohol .
1	air transport bamberg is served by bamberg-breitenau airfield .
1	it was discovered by brett j. gladman in 2000 , and given the temporary designation s/2000 s 5 .
1	on 27 february 1854 , he attempted suicide by throwing himself from a bridge into the rhine river .
1	in the netherlands , the show was shown on yorin and veronica .
1	wave power harnessing power from ocean surface wave motion might yield much more energy than tides .
1	the melbourne cup is australia 's major annual thoroughbred horse race .
1	torre was a municipality in the district of blenio in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	awards and nominations 1979 , locus award , best sf novel category , 21st place .
1	it is still one of the four most common causes of nosocomial infections , often causing postsurgical wound infections .
1	the temperature in winter is low due to nearness to koh-suleman range of mountains .
1	auburn is a city in lee county , alabama , united states .
1	events and trends canute invades england .
1	the paralympic games are a multi-sport event for athletes with physical and visual disabilities .
1	bundy provided details of her murder , but her body was never found .
1	cameron began acting at age nine , and his first job was in an advertisement for a breakfast cereal .
1	history chakswari is well known for the existence of the holy pir .
1	the current police ombudsman is former oversight commissioner al hutchinson who took over from nuala o'loan in november 2007 .
1	waasmunster is a municipality located in the flemish province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	in arizona and new hampshire , martin luther king , jr .
1	keane recorded the final version in 2003 at the helioscentric studios , rye , east sussex for the album .
1	cinnamomum is a genus of evergreen trees and shrubs belonging to the laurel family , lauraceae .
1	iron man is a fictional character , a superhero that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
1	the seat of a swing can be attached to a chain or a rope .
1	geography canton jura lies in the northwest of switzerland .
1	this release also saw the lilo boot loader deprecated in favour of grub .
1	these banana fibre rugs are woven by the traditional nepalese hand-knotted methods , and are sold rugmark certified .
1	le monde nouveau , paris , 1888 posthumous : : vol .
1	the author has stated she believes that many of the issues that caused the war remain today .
1	he currently lives on lanzarote in the canary islands , spain .
1	fbi agent robert hanssen is arrested and charged with spying for russia for 15 years .
1	car ton bras sait porter l'épée , il sait porter la croix !
1	in 1314 , internal discord allowed uguccione della faggiuola of pisa to make himself lord of lucca .
1	government camden county is a member of the albemarle commission regional council of governments .
1	comblain-au-pont is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	agassi is married to the former world no.1 women 's tennis player steffi graf and has two children .
1	a fandom can grow up centered around any area of human interest or activity .
1	laboratory studies show that they do so deliberately and over extended periods , and periodically clean themselves while feeding .
1	bold jack donohue was the first bushranger to have inspired bush ballads .
1	however it was partly due to the ongoing civil war that pizarro was able to triumph .
1	see list of cities in the united kingdom for a list of entities holding the status for each city .
1	there is also a significant community of british and americans residents .
1	a sale is the pinnacle activity involved in selling products or services in return for money or other compensation .
1	at the age of 14 , cortés was sent to study at the university of salamanca in west-central spain .
1	economic impact wal-mart is one of the largest corporations in the world .
1	the dun beal gallimhe is erected by king tairrdelbach mac ruaidri ua conchobair of connacht .
1	hodgenville is a city in and the county seat of larue county , kentucky , united states .
1	the people in christiania have developed their own set of rules , independent of the danish government .
1	a guild is an association of craftsmen in a particular trade .
1	a plasma valve is a layer of gas in the shell of a particle accelerator .
1	leuze-en-hainaut is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of hainaut .
1	there have been a number of complete skeletons recovered from colorado , new mexico , utah , and wyoming .
1	some trails are off-limits to everyone other than hikers , and a few trails allow motorized vehicles .
1	construction of the dam began in 1956 by the industrial conglomerate , merritt-chapman & scott .
1	the supply of cheaper iron and steel aided the development of boilers and steam engines , and eventually railways .
1	the type species is b. subtilis , an important model organism .
1	opera seria was less popular in france , where the national genre of french opera was preferred .
1	in february 2006 , poland refused to grant visas to iranian researchers who were planning to visit auschwitz .
1	the number of values required to specify the state depends on the system , and is not always known .
1	it then joins the humber estuary in the centre of kingston upon hull .
1	wilchingen is a municipality in the canton of schaffhausen in switzerland .
1	software patents maskin suggested that software patents inhibit innovation rather than stimulate progress .
1	larval and larviform female glowworms are predators , feeding on millipedes and other arthropods occurring in soil and litter .
1	buzz droids buzz droids are a small spider like droid used by the confederacy of independent systems .
1	it aired its first color television broadcast in 1960 .
1	redpath 's father was a tweed designer in the scottish borders .
1	of significant sociological concern is a lack of jobs and housing .
1	it may be done for religious , aesthetic , health , or hygiene reasons , or to treat disease .
1	in this case , the euphemism is being used as a type of innuendo .
1	her body was found a few days later on a local beach .
1	spelling australian spelling is usually the same as british spelling , with only a few exceptions .
1	the church of biasca has sculptures and paintings from the 15th and 16th centuries .
1	primates a primate 's nail consists of the unguis alone ; the subunguis has disappeared .
1	implementation is usually not considered architectural definition , but rather hardware design engineering .
1	a usb host may have multiple host controllers and each host controller may provide one or more usb ports .
1	cnn türk is the turkish version of the popular cable news channel cnn .
1	each of the 28 members sends a delegation or mission to nato ’ s headquarters in brussels , belgium .
1	today the city is an important centre for mining , fishing , wheat , sheep and tourism .
1	wilhelm herrmann embraced the notion of attitudes not acts , which can be traced back to st. augustine .
1	the magazine has been edited since its inception by niall stokes .
1	these individuals made up the intergalactic police force known as the green lantern corps .
1	events and trends king george iii was crowned upon the british throne in 1760 .
1	she holds a phd based on study of simone de beauvoir 's writings and life .
1	given enough time , these formations can meet and fuse to create columns .
1	langrial union council other villages are kialapain and basara .
1	neotenic fire salamanders have not been observed busy with this matter .
1	in 1939 , nazi german occupation forces closed the jagiellonian university .
1	henry consulted with parliament frequently , but was sometimes at odds with the members , especially over ecclesiastical matters .
1	prior to 2005 , she was a secondary school student .
1	the village itself was totally destroyed by fire .
1	repperndorf is a village in the rural district of kitzingen , regierungsbezirk lower franconia , bavaria , germany .
1	in february , she hosted the academy of motion picture arts and sciences ' science and technical awards .
1	august 26 — battle of manzikert : the byzantine empire loses to a turkish army led by alp arslan .
1	mizuhara sanae is a translator of between mandarin and japanese .
1	the omen is a 1976 british suspense/horror film directed by richard donner .
1	however , the average speed and intensity are appreciably higher .
1	he probably lived in hamadan , the capital city of the hamedan province in iran .
1	many korean metal chopsticks are ornately decorated at the grip .
1	he attained early success as a speechwriter for american presidents richard nixon and gerald ford .
1	some pack-saddles , clothes , blankets and arms were provided from the government stores .
1	events by place africa construction of the al-hakim mosque begins in cairo .
1	after leaving muddy 's band in 1966 , cotton toured with janis joplin while pursuing a solo career .
1	byzantion later conquered chalcedon , across the bosporus on the asiatic side .
1	venus was commonly associated with the greek goddess aphrodite and the etruscan deity turan , borrowing aspects from each .
1	by 1756 , france and britain were battling the seven years ' war worldwide .
1	zax wang was a member of short-lived boyband postm3n .
1	among them are marpa , the tibetan translator who brought buddhist texts to tibet , and milarepa .
1	baldwin of le bourg succeeds his cousin baldwin i as king of jerusalem .
1	later the profession developed into public servants , journalists , accountants and lawyers .
1	they discover a wardrobe in professor digory kirke 's house that leads to the magical land of narnia .
1	released in 2002 , it is the first game in the ratchet & clank series .
1	boston is the state capital and largest city .
1	as of 2009 , it is the longest running continually published magazine of that genre .
1	in 1868 , atlanta became the fifth city to serve as the state capital .
1	this pivotal defeat ended the first persian invasion of greece proper and was celebrated across the city-states of greece .
1	at the moment , he is the main opposition leader of the turkish parliament .
1	like them , it is a creature of the grassy plains and woodlands , and gregarious .
1	computer source code is often written by professional computer programmers .
1	the 1871 barracks were designed and constructed under the direction of james barnet , a colonial architect .
1	a parfait is normally made in a tall clear glass making all layers visible .
1	the capital city of campania is naples .
1	anchovy is also used to produce budu , by a fermentation process .
1	only the best four of nine scores counted towards the world championship .
1	its name comes from the town of taranto , where it originated .
1	early european exploration basque whalers and fishermen traded furs with saguenay natives throughout the 16th century .
1	yoper a desktop distribution from new zealand that focuses on optimizing system performance for workstation use .
1	the region is divided into two provinces : potenza and matera .
1	after a fire in 1834 , the present houses of parliament were built over the next 30 years .
1	biliteracy and trilingualism english exchange students from italy , brazil and germany help to enhance student ability in english .
1	on 15 november 1999 , rctv had been on the air for a total of 16,000 days .
1	it was released for the xbox and playstation 2 computer entertainment systems on june 21 , 2005 .
1	these became part of the metropolitan county of west midlands following local government re-organisation in 1974 .
1	history from 1621 to 1695 the present-day district was occupied by the small duchy of mecklenburg-güstrow .
1	further reading ohkitani , k. , `` elementary account of vorticity and related equations '' .
1	there are two living species of chinchilla , chinchilla brevicaudata and chinchilla lanigera .
1	the two lovers see one another for the first time and instantly embrace .
1	billboard top world music albums is not published in the print edition of billboard magazine .
1	the largest city is its capital , bratislava .
1	it is the most densely populated country in europe with a population over 1 million .
1	secretary of state is a commonly used title for a member of government .
1	events by place europe the sovereignty of great moravian king svatopluk i in bohemia is confirmed .
1	the governor-general is president of the federal executive council and commander-in-chief of the australian defence force .
1	anderlues is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	oxides result when elements are oxidized by oxygen in air .
1	it is located on the cumberland river in davidson county , in the north-central part of the state .
1	the state 's capital city is perth .
1	the combination of the two longest rivers in north america forms the fourth longest river in the world .
1	more than 13 million americans possess primary french heritage , but only 1.6 million speak that language at home .
1	boxer is a fictional character , a horse , present in george orwell 's animal farm .
1	sections to be illuminated included the m1 between junctions 3 and 14 , and between junctions 24 and 16 .
1	ciara 's second studio album , ciara : the evolution was released december 5 , 2006 .
1	during his time as a legislator , he continued his private law practice in southaven .
1	summer institute of linguistics & the university of texas at arlington .
1	in december 2008 , logitech announced the production of its billionth mouse .
1	rental conditions car rentals are subject to many conditions which vary from one brand to another .
1	reading vocabulary a person 's reading vocabulary is all the words he or she can recognize when reading .
1	selected works i exposition of the independents , in the oporto university 's college of arts .
1	it is the first such statement ever made by the u.s. government .
1	alain bernardin opened it in 1951 and personally operated it for decades until his death by suicide in 1994 .
1	the islands are considered australian territory and are administered from thursday island .
1	the city of sahiwal is the capital of this district .
1	the current governor-general and the first female to hold the role is quentin bryce .
1	many modern moorings still rely on a large rock as the primary element of their design .
1	the principal city and capital of the canton is schaffhausen .
1	the pc version of assassin 's creed was released on april 8 , 2008 in north america .
1	its capital and the largest city is vilnius .
1	the first was in 1970 , after apollo 13 .
1	barbier 's system was too complex for soldiers to learn , and was rejected by the military .
1	in the process , he set a record for shutouts in a postseason year .
1	arta is famous for its old bridge located over the arachthos river , situated west of downtown .
1	according to shinto belief , jimmu is regarded as a direct descendant of the sun goddess , amaterasu .
1	erquelinnes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	he is also the author of both fiction and non-fiction writings .
1	agnes 's parents worry about their daughter 's reclusive life and try to be reassuring .
1	sweeney todd opened on broadway at the uris theatre on march 1 1979 and ran for 557 performances .
1	they are members of the southern football league division one midlands .
1	prangins and savoy , and from 1218 onwards , vich , and some of its inhabitants , are well-documented .
1	said album was recorded in early january 2003 , in a forest cabin near helsinki .
1	such peoples ' native languages often have differentiated forms that simply did not survive the transfer to english .
1	the two men then arrive , dressed as mustachioed albanians .
1	gloucestershire cc gloucester , tewkesbury , cheltenham , cotswold , stroud , forest of dean wiltshire 6 .
1	in 1687 , english mathematician sir isaac newton published principia , which hypothesizes the inverse-square law of universal gravitation .
1	notepad is a simple text editor included in all versions of microsoft windows since windows 1.0 in 1985 .
1	the god or goddess of rice and fertility .
1	background when sgt . pepper 's lonely hearts club band was being recorded , `` beatlemania '' was waning .
1	plastic a third option is a plastic mouthpiece made out of lexan plastic .
1	aracaju is the capital and the largest city of the state .
1	the kansas city royals are a major league baseball team based in kansas city , missouri .
1	antipope paschal iii is elected by cardinals supporting frederick barbarossa .
1	the chinese also use fresh or dried basils in soups and other foods .
1	jethro tull are a british rock group formed in 1967 .
1	these games were usually played by peasants , as opposed to the horse-riding sports often played by aristocrats .
1	government the current mayor is local businessman roland simmons .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 91,025 .
1	stavelot is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	it is best-known as the home of former president of the united states george w. bush .
1	during the war , winston churchill was imprisoned in the staats model school in pretoria but escaped to mozambique .
1	it is almost universally agreed that the author of acts also wrote the gospel of luke .
1	an improvement from the previous year where they clinched a bronze in 2004 .
1	when the nazis ascended to power they used the gate as a party symbol .
1	a rainbow does not actually exist at a particular location in the sky .
1	turkey failed to make an appearance for the 1950 world cup due to a withdrawal .
1	march 3 ching yun university is established .
1	material evidence material evidence of the saltire 's use dates from somewhat later .
1	undated montenegro gains autonomy under turkish power .
1	the hitchhiker 's guide to the galaxy is a science fiction comedy series created by douglas adams .
1	peru is divided into 25 regions and the province of lima .
1	he also formulated the theory of hilbert spaces , one of the foundations of functional analysis .
1	early egyptian medicine was based mostly on a mixture of magic and religious spells .
1	tamil cinema is appreciated both for its technical accomplishments , and for its artistic and entertainment value .
1	plots now tend to feature westernised urbanites dating and dancing in clubs rather than centering on pre-arranged marriages .
1	it lives in the cyclops mountains in papua province of indonesia near the cities of sentani and jayapura .
1	a certain charles s rolls was a minerva dealer in england selling the 2.9 litre .
1	in 2006 the service responded to over 520,000 emergency calls .
1	butterfield is a village in butterfield township , barry county , missouri , united states .
1	it is theorized that they made up for this deficiency by regularly eating thiamine-rich soba .
1	theodor heuss was elected first president of the republic , and adenauer was elected chancellor on 16 september 1949 .
1	sport the city is the home of five-time italian champions l'aquila rugby .
1	it is about 4 km far from ústí nad labem and its area is about 4,23 km² .
1	it is also used to visualize a fetus during routine and emergency prenatal care .
1	he is analogous with but not identical to the god poseidon of greek mythologybookrags staff .
1	texas 48 utah ut utah utah ut .
1	gedinne is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	volleyball is an olympic team sport in which two teams of 6 active players are separated by a net .
1	a statue of webster is in front of the new hampshire state house in concord , new hampshire .
1	otherwise starch requires heat to thicken , or `` gelatinize '' .
1	the complete text of most of piper 's books can be accessed free of charge at desiring god .
1	compatibility higher capacity zip disks must be used in a drive with at least the same capacity ability .
1	the browser is developed by the camino project , a community organization .
1	the original game boy was first released in japan on april 21 , 1989 .
1	her second album , earth song , ocean song , was released by apple on 1 october 1971 .
1	the process of cell division , called cell cycle , has four major parts called phases .
1	illya darling – book by jules dassin , music by manos hadjidakis , lyrics by joe darion .
1	the maronites reestablish their affiliation with the roman catholic church .
1	it was 100 % contained on october 22 , after burning .
1	there are numerous underground water springs in the area , which explain its attractiveness as an area of settlement .
1	the americas teotihuacán is rebuilt as a four-quartered cosmogram by zapotec architects brought from monte albán in oaxaca .
1	he plans to reveal this secret to all the worlds by using the transmitter equipment belonging to mr. universe .
1	books william cecil dampier , `` the theory of experimental electricity '' .
1	he was considered a man of good and loving character .
1	history muscatine began as a trading post founded by representatives of colonel george davenport in 1833 .
1	it is also spoken in parts of arunachal pradesh and other northeast indian states .
1	nora killed two people in mexico , and several indirect deaths were reported in california .
1	it is one of the most historic motor racing circuits in the world .
1	in many mammals the children have a set of teeth that fall out and are replaced by adult teeth .
1	a chain of schools was established in guangzhou , taishan , jiangmen and hong kong .
1	it is arguably the oldest continuous parliament in the world .
1	in the same year he became director of the grammar section of the esperanto academy .
1	the band 's name is derived from the lake bodom murders .
1	the child 's remains were a remarkably well-preserved tiny skull and an endocranial cast of the individual 's brain .
1	a true endoskeleton is derived from mesodermal tissue .
1	the first of the bishops ' wars breaks out between charles i and scotland .
1	maximum-entropy and bayesian methods in science and engineering , vol 1 , p. 267 .
1	bad colberg-heldburg is a municipality in the district of hildburghausen , in thuringia , germany .
1	it is the first game in konami 's castlevania video game series .
1	ceramic hair irons are believed to be more gentle on the hair .
1	erection facilitates sexual intercourse though it is not essential for various other sexual activities .
1	lummen is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	history the federal state of rhineland-palatinate was established on 30 august 1946 .
1	it was completed in 1854 and was officially opened on september 12 by the lieutenant-governor , sir charles hotham .
1	chocolate chips can also be melted and used in sauces and other recipes .
1	the band 's trademark sound relies heavily on distorted guitars .
1	the payment for land use and the received income of a land owner is rent .
1	kaleva or kalevi or kalev and his sons are very important beings in finnish , karelian and estonian mythology .
1	transportation of abalone may only legally occur while the abalone is still attached in the shell .
1	n.d. 38 ohio oh ohio ohio o . 39 oklahoma ok okla .
1	hardy returned on the may 12 episode of raw , defeating umaga .
1	tool signed to zoo entertainment in november 1991 and released the opiate ep the following year .
1	emperor toba ascends to the throne of japan .
1	the baseball tonight studio host for all of the games since its debut has been joe d'ambrosio .
1	hudson was also one of the first major hollywood celebrities to die from an aids related illness .
1	remicourt is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	asia the hsiung-nu empire dissolves .
1	in the top left field is the lion as symbol of the county of meißen .
1	polynomial equations a polynomial equation is an equation in which a polynomial is set equal to another polynomial .
1	he befriended marc caro , a designer and comic book artist who became jeunet 's longtime collaborator and co-director .
1	he was born in kashan in isfahan province .
1	bendigo is a regional city in central victoria , australia , located in the city of greater bendigo .
1	the renaissance and the reformation ; a textbook of european history 1494-1610 .
1	about 800 metres north of the station , behind a curve , both trains collided .
1	see also madame d'aulnoy the brothers grimm retold their own versions of some of perrault 's fairy tales .
1	most of the population were engaged in farming , dairy farming , or tanning .
1	hotmail is a free web-based e-mail service by microsoft .
1	on may 25 , 2005 , underwood was crowned the winner of the fourth season of american idol .
1	paulie litt as spritle racer , speed 's younger brother .
1	mcgraw first gained celebrity status with appearances on the oprah winfrey show in the late 1990s .
1	the niuean taro is known in samoa as `` talo niue '' and in international markets as pink taro .
1	wuustwezel is a municipality located in the north of the belgian province of antwerp , at the dutch border .
1	early life sizemore graduated from cascade high school in everett , washington , in 2000 .
1	this new dome continued to grow throughout 2005 and into 2006 .
1	he delivered the 1977 series of royal institution christmas lectures at the royal institution in london .
1	they move slowly , feeding mostly on algae .
1	the film won five academy awards , including best picture and best director .
1	see also brain teaser bullying social rejection striptease taunt references external links stories and advice on stopping teasing .
1	the particle size of a spherical object can be unambiguously and quantitatively defined by its diameter .
1	with a small detachment still positioned in gaul , scipio made an attempt to intercept hannibal .
1	banks allow borrowers and lenders , of different sizes , to coordinate their activity .
1	other websites camels are even-toed ungulates within the genus camelus .
1	the americas loma caldera in el salvador erupts , burying the maya village of joya de cerén .
1	she has sold over 10 million copies of her albums during the span of her career thus far .
1	this style of hot chocolate can be extremely thick , often having the consistency of warm chocolate pudding .
1	by 1982 , iraq was on the defensive and looking for ways to end the war .
1	captain capitalize : he speaks only in capital letters ; this is a reference to bad netiquette .
1	the first quiktrip was opened in 1958 in tulsa , oklahoma by chester cadieux and burt b. holmes .
1	she wrote a semi-regular column for swedish newspaper svenska dagbladet for some time .
1	sometimes , they migrate in very large groups in long files of lobsters across the sea floor .
1	he worked as a book-binder for 7 years before pursuing an acting career .
1	the county town is warwick , although the largest town is nuneaton in the far north of the county .
1	hilton hotels became the first coast-to-coast hotel chain of the united states in 1943 .
1	the new york dragons currently compete in the eastern division of the national conference .
1	in his later years , he began acting strangely , and was eventually found to be mentally ill .
1	his sons euphorion and euæon and his nephew philocles would follow in his footsteps and become playwrights themselves .
1	mamoudzou is the capital of the french overseas collectivity of mayotte , in the indian ocean .
1	he is shown to have a firebolt in a delicate place on himself .
1	gentilino is a village and former municipality in the canton of ticino , switzerland .
1	when the troops returned home , they brought their taste for absinthe with them .
1	public opinion a number of opinion polls around the world have explored public opinion regarding the issue of abortion .
1	the generic term is used in a variety of specific contexts .
1	the chapters of shaman king were written and illustrated by hiroyuki takei .
1	there were only minor effects on land from tropical storm franklin and no damages were caused .
1	opportunities for commonality wikipedia tries to find words that are common to all varieties of english .
1	ame-no-uzume-no-mikoto is still worshipped today as a shinto kami , spirits indigenous to japan .
1	at the mercer area junior and senior high schools , reznor learned to play the saxophone and tuba .
1	without fail , there was always someone at his door the next day .
1	opposite the monastery on the south bank , bishopwearmouth was founded in 930 .
1	a municipality is typically governed by a mayor and a city council or municipal council .
1	at the scroll end , the strings wind around the tuning pegs in the pegbox .
1	at night , bruce becomes batman , gotham city 's vigilante protector .
1	the team plays at fedexfield in landover , maryland , which is in prince george 's county , maryland .
1	accrington stanley football club is an english football club from accrington in lancashire , in the north-west of england .
1	when the disgraced joachim returns sadly to the hillside , the two young shepherds look sideways at each other .
1	the games offer extended play times , anywhere from 6 to 48 hours .
1	hannibal recognized that he still needed to cross the pyrenees , the alps , and many significant rivers .
1	theatre of war the length of the front in the east was much longer than in the west .
1	her mother was her only family since she had lost her father when she was just a child .
1	razmak is one of the three sub-divisions of north waziristan agency , the other two being miranshah and mirali .
1	oklahoma had 549 incorporated places in 2006 , including three cities over 100,000 in population and 40 over 10,000 .
1	various space probes from pioneers 10 and 11 to galileo and cassini have studied the moon .
1	this was followed by a post-series film , the x-files : i want to believe , in 2008 .
1	aznavour started his global farewell tour in late 2006 , which continues through this day .
1	district government of rawalpindi its name is derived from the mountain town of kotli and the satti tribe .
1	the name hertha is a variation on nerthus referring to fertility goddess from germanic mythology .
1	june january 1 french troops of king louis xii surrender gaeta to the spanish under cordoba .
1	estonia is a democratic parliamentary republic and is divided into fifteen counties .
1	world war one during world war i , the company returned to arms manufacture and greatly expanded its operations .
1	my year in iraq : the struggle to build a future of hope , 1st edn .
1	la borinqueña is the national anthem of the commonwealth of puerto rico .
1	ammerswil is a municipality in the district of lenzburg in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
1	fert , albert , jean-luc duvail , and thierry valet .
1	michelangelo responded by completing his most famous work , the statue of david in 1504 .
1	undated pskov is conquered by grand prince vasili iii of muscovy .
1	debian packages are also used in distributions based on debian , such as ubuntu and others .
1	austin is the capital of the u.s. state of texas and the county seat of travis county .
1	u.s. president gerald ford survives a second assassination attempt , this time by sara jane moore in san francisco .
1	the geneva motor show is one of the most important international auto-shows .
1	her husband was called óðr , and her daughters hnoss and gersemi .
1	they are the simplest form of sugar and are usually colorless , water-soluble , crystalline solids .
1	dates ash wednesday is a moveable feast , occurring 46 days before easter .
1	the merkland is aberdeen fc ’ s family stand , with reduced prices for under twelves and families .
1	from beneath the garment emanated two large rays , one red , the other white .
1	it is developed and maintained by the icelandic company ccp games .
1	she comes into the craft quickly , aiding in the vanquish of the source of all evil .
1	ursa minor , often called the little dipper , is a constellation in the northern sky .
1	the district of aubonne was a former district of the canton of vaud in switzerland .
1	the two major islands , viti levu and vanua levu , account for 87 % of the population .
1	despite references to prometheus and god in the institution anthem , the school is secular .
1	the falklands war ends : a formal surrender is agreed this day .
1	the capital of the andaman and nicobar islands territory is port blair on south andaman island .
1	music video the track was used in the first music video by dragonforce .
1	cevio is the capital of the district of vallemaggia in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	by 1790 , new york city had surpassed philadelphia as the largest city in the united states .
1	hovell was away five months on this expedition and afterwards did no more exploring .
1	villeurbanne is a commune in the rhône department in in eastern france .
1	they are known as the five sisters .
1	february 27 the chinese correction : world stock markets plummet after china and europe release less-than-expected growth reports .
1	when the embryo is adequately developed it breaks out of the egg in the process of hatching .
1	the first artificial satellite , sputnik 1 , was launched by the soviet union in 1957 .
1	international competition seoul hosted the 1986 asian games , 1988 olympic games and paralympic games .
1	they created their first permanent settlement at jamestown .
1	they can be preserved by drying , pickling or freezing .
1	tofu is low in calories , contains a relatively large amount of iron and contains little fat .
1	biographical introduction their youngest son , william temple todd , also died in 1793 from yellow fever .
1	over time , the roots coalesce to form a pseudotrunk , eventually strangling and killing the host .
1	the location of it was moved to the new wing building of the school in 2005 .
1	this province is home to the world heritage phong nha-ke bang national park .
1	there were no damages or fatalities as a result of tropical storm franklin .
1	sportscene is the name of a bouquet of scottish sports television programmes produced by bbc scotland .
1	he retired from playing to concentrate solely on management at the end of the 2003/04 season .
1	the data are from the 2000 u.s. census and 2007 population estimates .
1	since then he has conducted both operatic and orchestral repertoire across the world .
1	romania was the first country of central and eastern europe to have official relations with the european community .
1	appleby matthews was the orchestra 's first chief conductor .
1	the country 's television audience is limited to n'djamena .
1	description the series is set in a fantasy version of ancient greece not precisely located in historical time .
1	bluetooth devices can advertise all of the services they provide .
1	instead , the half-life is defined in terms of probability .
1	it consists of parts of the jura mountains in the south and the jura plateau in the north .
1	prostitution is sometimes referred to as the `` world 's oldest profession '' .
1	i elara did not receive its present name until 1975 ; before then , it was simply known as .
1	key generation rsa involves a public key and a private key .
1	the exact rules for recognition are defined in the statutes of the movement .
1	after leaving school at 16 , she worked as a shop worker and trained as a piano tuner .
1	he was a mathematician , astronomer , geographer and astrologer .
1	another version : unbreakable union of freeborn republics great russia has wielded forever to stand !
1	sweet hot chocolate and bar chocolate were yet to be invented .
1	jette is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the brussels-capital region of belgium .
1	they comprise over 100,000 named species , including spiders , scorpions , harvestmen , ticks , and mites .
1	they are agile jumpers and can jump very high , up to .
1	yoshifumi naoi is the bassist of the group , and is referred to as the `` crowd pleaser '' .
1	john ix was pope of the catholic church from 898 to 900 .
1	mere collections of photographs or media files with no text to go with the articles .
1	negotiations are also under way with a number of other states .
1	the tongan language is the official language of the islands , along with english .
1	it is commonly referred to as simply acts .
1	muzzano is a municipality in the district of lugano , in the canton of ticino , switzerland .
1	ucla language materials project page : armenian it differs orthographically from eastern armenian , there are also phonological differences .
1	san francisco chronicle , march 10 , 1897 levi strauss died in 1902 at the age of 73 .
1	on february 13 , 1967 , at 4:30 pm , forough died in a car accident at age thirty-two .
1	lucius aelius sejanus begins to dominate the roman senate and tiberius , after the death of julius caesar drusus .
1	the city has the largest population and also the largest economy in southern brazil .
1	ioke gradually weakened as it turned northwestward and northward , and by september 6 transitioned into an extratropical cyclone .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 23,501 .
1	he left a detachment of 11,000 troops to garrison the newly conquered region .
1	events and trends sweyn i of denmark invades england .
1	it has a 30-year cycle with 11 leap years of 355 days and 19 years of 354 days .
1	the carving started in 1927 , and ended in 1941 with some injuries and no fatalities .
1	the technique of using a bow is called archery .
1	the release was limited to 1000 copies , and was available on only 7 '' vinyl .
1	variants of the duduk can be found in armenia and the caucasus .
1	the lake was renamed lady bird lake on july 26 , 2007 .
1	placed above the urinal drain , they are air-activated and slowly evaporate when in contact with the air .
1	each of the statues in the piece represented one of the main characters in the epic poem .
1	the main ethnic groups or tribes of this area are the tanolis and the awans .
1	there were also iron deposits which were mined in the area .
1	they were built mainly by nations like germany during world war ii to protect important industries from aerial bombardment .
1	in 1991 unesco declared the rhön a biosphere reserve on account of its unique high-altitude ecosystem .
1	the majority of the inscriptions in the monastery are written in georgian .
1	its capital is the city of affoltern am albis .
1	south shropshire was , between 1974 and 2009 , a local government district in south west shropshire , england .
1	berlin 's 2001 administrative reform combined kreuzberg with friedrichshain to form the new borough of friedrichshain-kreuzberg .
1	during world war ii , vietnam was part of french indochina and also under japanese occupation .
1	the largest city and county seat is west plains .
1	however , in the last six years it has seen many successes in parliamentary lobbying .
1	many sermons were transcribed as he spoke and were translated into many languages during his lifetime .
1	nicklas stromberg burrows can be constructed into a wide variety of substrates .
1	with this most recent championship , the steelers became the only team with six super bowl victories .
1	number 2 is a parody of emilio largo , ernst stavro blofeld 's right-hand man in thunderball .
1	all of hiranyakashipu 's attempts to kill his son failed .
1	these territories are defended by vigorously chasing intruding rivals and marking landmarks around the territory with urine and feces .
1	manage is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	statistics for the towns of pooran chakesar , alai , and mansehra are not available .
1	south carolina contains 46 counties and its capital is columbia .
1	a four-time vezina trophy winner , thompson was inducted into the hockey hall of fame in 1959 .
1	the generous art/craft/science lab and the senior classrooms known as the `` winters building '' in 1979 .
1	it has a population of about 46,600 .
1	bangui manufactures include textiles , food products , beer , shoes , and soap .
1	he was best known as a designer and builder with the muppets , in particular those on sesame street .
1	sultan malik al-muattam razes the city walls of jerusalem .
1	various kinds of clubs are used in martial arts and other specialized fields , including the law enforcement baton .
1	life born in brand , bavaria , reger studied music in munich and wiesbaden with hugo riemann .
1	taxonomy and naming the short-beaked echidna was first described by george shaw in 1792 .
1	network closure on january 24 , 2006 , cbs corporation and warner bros .
1	it is often referred to informally as the disney studios .
1	built by henry willis iii from 1922 to 1932 , it remains one of the most successful and admired .
1	the britannia stand was originally constructed in 1952 as a simple concrete seating area .
1	winter springs is a city in seminole county , florida , united states .
1	the deepest known point , located to the south of the island of visingsö , is 128 meters .
1	premise scratchy and co starred mark speight as `` scratchy '' and elliot henderson-boyle as `` reg '' .
1	as of 2008 , 24 socialist party members are elected members of trade union national executive committees .
1	in 1966–67 , dejordy shared the vezina trophy with glenn hall with the best goals against average .
1	the rise of the geisha ended the era of the oiran .
1	biography early years slovak was born in haifa , israel to jewish parents who were survivors of the holocaust .
1	the obscurity in which the history of aesop is involved has induced some scholars to deny his existence altogether .
1	as an aerospace enthusiast , strauss was one of the driving persons to create airbus in the 1970s .
1	there are three ways to pronounce this name , two of which are common .
1	chocolate was introduced to europe by the spaniards and became a popular beverage by the mid 1600s .
1	compounds detected spectrally on the surface include water ice , carbon dioxide , silicates , and organic compounds .
1	geography libourne is located at the confluence of the isle and dordogne rivers .
1	january 24 a sudden heavy snowfall hits algeria .
1	kateryna bondarenko wta player bio she plays right-handed and turned pro in 2000 .
1	matlock was replaced by sid vicious in early 1977 .
1	this is a brittle and easily pulverized metalloid .
1	fuhua secondary school is a secondary school in jurong west , singapore .
1	feud with aggro berlin 2004 hip hop artist bushido left his label aggro berlin .
1	candide – book by lillian hellman , music by leonard bernstein , lyrics by richard wilbur .
1	the first confederate soldier to be killed in the civil war was private henry wyatt , a north carolinian .
1	he is best known as a member of the monty python comedy team .
1	it is the only layer of the three which is not seen in other parts of the digestive system .
1	fléron is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	the danes go on to establish the danelaw in other parts of england .
1	cuxhaven is an independent town and seat of the cuxhaven district , in lower saxony , germany .
1	they occupy a vast variety of habitats on every continent except antarctica .
1	the operating system can use any file system or block addressing scheme .
1	it was founded in 1907 in the town of žižkov , which is now a district of prague .
1	the capital and largest city is tallinn .
1	the regional capital is florence .
1	in 1260 albert 's sons divided saxony into the duchies of saxe-lauenburg and saxe-wittenberg .
1	history they were described in 1936 by alan turing .
1	he was assigned to blantyre , malawi , as economic and commercial officer from 1968 to 1971 .
1	eniac was conceived and designed by john mauchly and j. presper eckert of the university of pennsylvania .
1	historically there have also been negative consequences , mostly associated with the dams normally required for power production .
1	these three were later to evolve into the separate letters ä , å and ö .
1	stated in interview on inside the actors studio , 2002 gere has three sisters and a brother .
1	among the victims were 17 members of bury st edmunds rugby club , returning from france .
1	it is the eighth of the original 12 chapters in the series the life and times of scrooge mcduck .
1	the relationship generally is stable and at least semi-permanent ; however , the couple does not live together openly .
1	contemporary philosophy few other writers of fiction have had such an impact on contemporary philosophy as dick .
1	the box is defined as zero potential energy inside a certain interval and infinite everywhere outside that interval .
1	through this period , many of his poems revolve around themes of death , endurance , separation and grief .
1	origins of ibanez and the lawsuit models ibanez register - gallery of past and present ibanez guitars and basses .
1	economy logroño is the shopping and financial capital of la rioja .
1	to the south of the nahe , the palatinate is to be found .
1	many other governments sympathize with his ideology or welcome his bilateral trade and reciprocal aid agreements .
1	the group later became involved with the cocaine trade during the 1980s to finance itself , bbc news .
1	morlanwelz is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	the quebec act was among the intolerable acts that infuriated american colonists , who launched the american revolution .
1	dinosaur comics is a constrained webcomic by canadian writer ryan north .
1	the chenab then joins the indus at mithankot , pakistan .
1	southeast or south east is the ordinal direction halfway between south and east .
1	the most common vegetables to accompany the pork in twice-cooked pork are cabbage and peppers .
1	either way , artemis was born first and then assisted with the birth of apollo .
1	acting zeami was educated by his father , kan'ami , who was also an actor .
1	p. sativum is an annual plant , with a life cycle of one year .
1	american college of osteopathic internists the american college of osteopathic internists recognizes the following subspecialties .
1	england was more than self-sufficient in cereals , dairy products , beef and mutton .
1	there may have been as many as 45,000 comanches in the late 18th century .
1	its name means `` 1.8 shaku '' , referring to its size .
1	it is perhaps the high point of the full tide of the rayonnante period of gothic architecture .
1	vuze was first released in june 2003 at sourceforge.net as azureus .
1	undated combined swedish and danish fleets defeat the hanseatic navy .
1	the first use of kamikaze aircraft took place following the leyte landings .
1	the tundras are assembled in san antonio , texas , where production was consolidated in 2008 .
1	it is named after richmond , virginia , and is the home of eastern kentucky university .
1	they are small understory trees native to the tropical forests of central and south america .
1	history wozzeck is based on the drama woyzeck left incomplete by the german playwright georg büchner at his death .
1	qala'un mosque , cairo , egypt is founded by al-nasr muhammad .
1	law and government alleghany county is a member of the regional high country council of governments .
1	july 15 — ladislaus ii of hungary is declared king of hungary .
1	currently , 61 genera that include 235 species are recognized .
1	a bruise is usually caused by blunt impact .
1	hensies is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	the main game includes three classifications of puzzles - crosswords , word searches , and anagrams .
1	the cathedral is located in victoria , sw1 , in the city of westminster .
1	the electronic device for playing back stereo sound is often referred to as a `` stereo '' .
1	the 1985 formula one season was the 36th fia formula one world championship season .
1	it is caught , smoked and then sold widely in markets around the lake .
1	the virus is contracted through the respiratory tract and has an incubation period of 2 to 3 weeks .
1	on july 5 , 2001 , kohl was found dead at age 68 in her ludwigshafen home .
1	their eggs could survive out of the water , allowing amniotes to branch out into drier environments .
1	these methods are used today to produce a wide variety of useful chemicals such as pharmaceuticals or commercial polymers .
1	it is the westernmost and southernmost interstate highway in the united states .
1	zam is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	many modern rock and roll bands have one or two songwriters , usually members of the band .
1	haines city is the third most populated city in polk county , florida .
1	no `` radiation '' remains , just like no light remains in room after you turn out the light .
1	mithril is a fictional metal from j. r. r. tolkien 's middle-earth fantasy writings .
1	it is also commonly referred to as the `` head '' of the penis .
1	a film adaptation of eragon was released in the united states on december 15 , 2006 .
1	the only kent-based club in the football league , they play their home matches at the krbs priestfield stadium .
1	everyone is relieved except electra , who longs for her own death .
1	jean-philippe rameau wrote many of them as parts of his operas .
1	his body is carried away in a solemn funeral procession .
1	taking of abalone is not permitted south of the mouth of the san francisco bay .
1	however , the conditions for life appear to be less favourable on callisto than on europa .
1	the previous sponsor , from 2002 04 , was a local company called the untouchables - bbc .
1	ministry was an american industrial metal band founded by frontman al jourgensen in 1981 .
1	history corte was the capital of the corsican independent state during the period of pasquale paoli .
1	the regiments are guards regiments and form britain 's household division with the five foot guards regiments .
1	édouard daladier resigns as prime minister of france ; paul reynaud succeeds him .
1	unverified discoveries the first known discovery of the island was in 1614 .
1	it is located in the central-western portion of the italian peninsula , on the tiber river .
1	he later moves away , at the end of season two .
1	september july 9 napoleon annexes the kingdom of holland .
1	the capital and the most populous city of wyoming is cheyenne .
1	however , the american ornithologists union concluded after analyzing the film , that they had probably filmed feral parakeets .
1	rumes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	twenty-two is a pentagonal number and a centered heptagonal number .
1	the lvs can be grown or shrunk by concatenating more les from or returning them to the pool .
1	she has received nineteen locus awards for her fiction , more than any other author .
1	a biologist is a scientist devoted to and producing results in biology through the study of life .
1	cerfontaine is a walloon municipality located in belgium in the province of namur .
1	from 888 onwards the lands were part of the kingdom of jurane burgundy .
1	it is straightforward to show that the last digit of any even perfect number must be 6 or 8 .
1	these criteria are relevant to all species and all regions of the world .
1	human anatomy the human vagina is an elastic muscular canal that extends from the cervix to the vulva .
1	november — caesar leaves for farther hispania to deal with a fresh outbreak of resistance .
1	landmarks on the outskirts of the town is scotland 's first privately run prison , hm prison kilmarnock .
1	directly thereafter , military music is heard in the distance , indicating the return of the officers .
1	see also : kirishitan azuchi-momoyama period the azuchi-momoyama period runs from approximately 1568 to 1600 .
1	if they won all 16 bonus rounds they competed in , they would retire with $ 60,000 .
1	davis was responsible for character design for both the pirates of the caribbean and haunted mansion attractions at disneyland .
1	after world war ii , the saarland came under french occupation and administration again , as the saar protectorate .
1	he finds zeus and hercules asks him what hera has done .
1	it lies in close proximity to the canadian shield and hundreds of lakes including lake winnipeg and lake manitoba .
1	vincent thought of mk sun as ghetto , but soon realizes he was wrong .
1	a few zircons with ages as great as 4.3 billion years have been found in the narryer gneiss terrane .
1	tetracycline is also one of the antibiotics used to treat ulcers caused by bacterial infections .
1	as a military officer , baden-powell was stationed in british india and africa in the 1880s and 1890s .
1	the last recorded eruption of mount fuji begins in japan .
1	gun dogs gun dogs are used primarily by small game hunters using shotguns .
1	with the victory , the raiders became the first ever wild card team to win a super bowl .
1	a specialized vocabulary exists for de-sexed animals and those animals used in grading up to a purebred status .
1	today the city is a part of the city of istanbul , on the asian side of the bosphorus .
1	although the cats hunt on the ground , they can climb trees and can swim swiftly , catching fish .
1	whedon , firefly companion , vol 1 , 130 music greg edmonson composed the musical score for the series .
1	events of 1948 january january 1 uk railways are nationalized to form british railways .
1	penance in art and fiction colin kapp patterns of chaos .
1	it was one of the last times that slings were used in european history .
1	aragonite calcite limestone ocean acidification gesso cuttlefish cuttlebone calcium carbonate is a chemical compound with the chemical formula caco3 .
1	signs and symptoms ventricular fibrillation is a cause of cardiac arrest and sudden cardiac death .
1	it is identical to the polar moment of inertia for a round shaft or concentric tube only .
1	the belt of orion was called kaleva 's sword .
1	the second disc contains material from the brian johnson era such as the videos for back in black .
1	former presidents jimmy carter , george h. w. bush , and bill clinton appeared to celebrate with graham .
1	they are usually powered by small aaa or aa size batteries .
1	sandy cheeks -a squirrel with a texan accent- is another friend of spongebob .
1	personal life robb was born in denver , colorado , the daughter of janet and dave robb .
1	for electric utilities , it is the first process in the delivery of electricity to consumers .
1	origin of the term the term silicon valley was coined by ralph vaerst , a central california entrepreneur .
1	his older sisters were the grand duchesses olga , tatiana , maria and anastasia .
1	bel then marches against him with a massive force , but hayk is warned by kadmos of his approach .
1	bad friedrichshall arose by the connection of kochendorf and jagstfeld in 1933 , and is famous for its salt-mine .
1	pulkkila is best known for its metal industry and the artificial lake of uljua .
1	geography the district is situated at the lower saxon border , north of münster .
1	kangeyam is famous for bulls , rice mills and oil mills .
1	in contrast , mal is , at the movie 's beginning , a man who has lost all faith .
1	writing became very widespread and vatteluttu evolved from the tamil-brahmi became a mature script for writing tamil .
1	this created a gigantic complicated labyrinth of underground tunnels beneath odessa , known as `` catacombs '' .
1	hurricane epsilon was only the sixth ever atlantic hurricane recorded in december .
1	thompson finished the playoff series with 1.23 goals-against average , despite a losing record .
1	he devised an experiment in 1668 where he used three jars .
1	he was , prior to 1990–91 , player-coach of the diables rouges de briançon .
1	fecundity , derived from the word fecund , generally refers to the ability to reproduce .
1	beachy head cliff , to the west of the town , is an infamous suicide spot .
1	act 2 scene 1 : the ballroom of the larin house tatyana 's name-day party .
1	two weeks later he was discovered and launched by italian tv presenter pippo baudo .
1	furthermore it is the episcopal see of the diocese of växjö .
1	occultism occultism is the study of occult or hidden wisdom .
1	the original name of the city of san josé de ocoa was el maniel .
1	culinary use thyme is a good source of iron and is used widely in cooking .
1	at the eidgenössische polytechnikum , today the eth zurich , he was one of einstein 's teachers .
1	port louis has conserved many historic and colonial buildings through the years .
1	the actual demolition proceeded apace — by november , 1789 , the structure was largely demolished .
1	he also appeared in the 2008 drama film , fireproof , which was produced by sherwood pictures .
1	by 1983 , another nadir for labour fortunes , only eight labour co-operative mps were elected .
1	in 1952 , parts of the district were split off into a newly created district neuhaus am rennweg .
1	amphi referring to `` both '' and bio referring to life .
1	keira knightley as sabe : queen amidala 's body double and decoy .
1	kabyles speak the kabyle variety of tamazight , the generic name for the berber languages .
1	he died just a few weeks after his deposition in january 888 .
1	it contains the majority of the nervous system and consists of the brain and the spinal cord .
1	on 5 january 1978 , there was another major fire at rctv 's studios .
1	santa maria maddalena , built in 1561 over a pre-14th century structure .
1	erode district in tamil nadu state is also a very important market centre for turmeric .
1	he has been the host of the game show jeopardy !
1	he was condemned at the first council of ephesus before his supporters could arrive and he was then dethroned .
1	the mamluks from egypt complete their conquest of the armenian kingdom of cilicia .
1	females have a body length of about 9 mm ; males are slightly smaller .
1	after losing that job to another applicant , he taught at the eclectic institute .
1	the toronto maple leafs swept the best-of-five series against the new york rangers three games to none .
1	the album has sold over 1.6 million copies in the us and 2.2 million worldwide .
1	homer 's ubiquitous catch phrase was famously added to the oxford english dictionary in 2001 , without the apostrophe .
1	provides one way to undelete a page .
1	the american population celebrates most of the major american festivals , including halloween , independence day and thanksgiving .
1	cabell died of a cerebral hemorrhage in 1958 .
1	the name of motor ships are often prefixed with ms , m/s , mv or m/v .
1	it is accepted that the amount of carbon stored in dry wood is approximately 50 % by weight .
1	the cartridge utilizes a gyro sensor and players must spin and twist in order to play the games .
1	in a regular-season nfl game , if neither team scores in overtime , the game is a tie .
1	kyoto is considered by many to be where the geisha tradition is the strongest today , including gion kobu .
1	the lost the title the following year via technical knockout against tony demarco .
1	examples of solid solutions are alloys and certain minerals and polymers containing plasticizers .
1	after his apprenticeship he worked as retail salesman in his father 's draper 's shop .
1	though athens was victorious , cynegeirus died in the battle .
1	it was acquired by cisco systems on september 9 , 2004 .
1	the miners ' job was to explode the mine closest to an approaching enemy ship .
1	many places in brazil called são luís in portuguese are named after the french saint louis .
1	foucault notoriously also joined students in occupying administration buildings and fighting with police .
1	he was succeeded by the most revd katharine jefferts schori , the first woman primate in the anglican communion .
1	selection is overwhelmingly the main mechanism of change ; even slight advantages are important when continued .
1	however , the choir is particularly renowned for its performance of gregorian chant and polyphony of the renaissance .
1	walcourt is a walloon municipality and town located in belgium in the province of namur .
1	the student union was set up in september 1995 and parent-teacher association in 1996 .
1	the band was formed at the 1999 reading festival by okereke and lissack .
1	sangallo and fra giocondo both died in 1515 , bramante himself having died the previous year .
1	this species had four horizontal tail spikes and relatively small plates .
1	he left grey daze in 1998 , but struggled to find another band to play in .
1	count olaf also refers to them as `` orphans '' instead of `` children '' .
1	visible pages that have no reason to be moved , such as the administrators ' noticeboard .
1	zeus and mnemosyne slept together for nine consecutive nights and thereby created the nine muses .
1	history asmara was born out of a union of four villages that took place during the twelfth century .
1	he led the first antarctic expedition to reach the south pole between 1910 and 1912 .
1	the post-achaemenid , arsacid dialect became the background of the new mandaic language .
1	chekhov was buried next to his father at the novodevichy cemetery .
1	the red anjou has a deep red skin that darkens as it ripens .
1	in 1849 , liberty became the home of william jewell college .
1	idiosa iii of chardonnay is murdered .
1	jews were subject to severe restrictions in many of the german states at that time .
1	he claimed that this was due to his giving up alcoholic drinks completely and changing his diet .
1	the word studio is derived from the , from , from studere , meaning to study or zeal .
1	he is also part-owner of the baltimore orioles , a major league baseball team .
1	the clade is not defined in the standard taxonomic hierarchy , but it is between superfamily and family .
1	he also produced nature studies , particularly illustrated books of insects .
1	it may also refer to the color of the blood of a living person .
1	the band donated $ 75,000 to the special operations warrior foundation in march 2004 .
1	the cluniacs supported the peace of god , and promoted pilgrimages to the holy lands .
1	variants include mahmad , mahmoud , mehmood , mahmood , mahmut etc .
1	many of these states have selling seasons around independence day and/or christmas and new year 's eve .
1	the state capital is stuttgart .
1	organisms the organisms living in and on the soil form distinct soil types .
1	twenty questions is a popular party game twenty is the age of majority in japanese tradition .
1	bad brains is an american hardcore punk band formed in washington , d.c. in 1977 .
1	central point is a city in jackson county , oregon , united states .
1	she was one of the leading writers of the victorian era .
1	the american population celebrates most of the major us festivals , including halloween , independence day , and thanksgiving .
1	in the new york times magazine , journalist jonathan dee described it as a `` snarky wikipedia anti-fansite '' .
1	the hainich has become the 13th national park of germany in 1997 .
1	early on , christian churches tried to prevent the occurrence of the damaging effects of lightning by prayers .
1	sint-martens-latem is a municipality located in the flemish province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	the restoration now is 17 minutes long and includes the key scene of the kelly 's last stand .
1	in film the beatles ' film help !
1	scottish parliament there are five flagpoles outside the scottish parliament building in edinburgh .
1	mickey then shoots derek in the chest , and derek dies seconds later .
1	the field can be divided into infrastructure , vehicles , and operations .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 25,275 .
1	sadness is an emotion characterized by feelings of disadvantage , loss , and helplessness .
1	media references and further reading enrique granados , in the new grove dictionary of music and musicians , ed .
1	he is widely considered to be one of the greatest nfl quarterbacks of all time .
1	ireland is a republic , with a parliamentary system of government .
1	only the anguillidae family regularly lives in fresh water , and returning to the sea to breed .
1	she rose to fame at a time when there were very few women in orchestras except for harpists .
1	cuiabá is the capital city of the brazilian state of mato grosso .
1	the state capital and largest city , indianapolis , is situated in the central portion of the state .
1	church of st. augustine , founded in 1257 , modified in the late 15th and the late 18h centuries .
1	this may involve removal of penis , testicles or breasts , or the fashioning of a vagina or breasts .
1	heartgold and soulsilver will be set in the johto region and will be released in fall 2009 in japan .
1	it is named after the danshui river ; the name means `` fresh water '' .
1	second invasion of attica and athenian naval counter-attacks .
1	germany returned after having been deliberately not invited in 1920 and 1924 .
1	moorman 1968 p. 8 later that year , wordsworth married a childhood friend , mary hutchinson .
1	biography howard was born in stockport , cheshire , in england on december 7 , 1977 .
1	solo career gackt launched his solo career on may 12 , 1999 with the release of the ep mizerable .
1	britz-chorin-oderberg britz1 chorin hohenfinow liepe lunow-stolzenhagen niederfinow oderberg2 parsteinsee 3 .
1	interneurons connect neurons within specific regions of the central nervous system .
1	severe weather , on the other hand , generally refers to any destructive weather phenomena .
1	the present-day mošovce can be characterized as an important tourist area with many sights .
1	references external links the prix de rome contests in painting .
1	french and english are official languages along with seychellois creole , which is primarily based upon french .
1	before giovanni can complete his seduction of the maid , masetto and his friends arrive , searching for giovanni .
1	almost a year later , in august 1981 , voyager 2 continued the study of the saturn system .
1	he was secretary of the pontypool/torfaen constituency labour party from 1971 to 1987 .
1	the gang arrived in the town on saturday 8 february 1879 .
1	in another he lost to lleyton hewitt who was ranked number 1 in the world at the time .
1	the congress of vienna recognized it as a grand duchy and member of the german confederation .
1	benzene is a natural constituent of crude oil , and may be synthesized from other compounds present in petroleum .
1	linnaeus ' last years were troubled by weak health , and he suffered from gout and tooth aches .
1	a brittle silver-white metalloid which looks similar to tin , tellurium is chemically related to selenium and sulfur .
1	he graduated on 15 november 1911 and was commissioned as a lieutenant in january 1912 .
1	in the meantime the principality of schwarzburg began to disintegrate and was split up in several tiny states .
1	references external links wuthering heights , online text with pdf version .
1	the winning designer of the first season was pennsylvania-based designer jay mccarroll .
1	it was home to eleanor of aquitaine for a time , and richard ii of england .
1	the cure are an english rock band formed in crawley , west sussex in 1976 .
1	in 1882 he joined the 2nd moscow cadet corps .
1	the crime occurred in st. louis , missouri on the afternoon of june 26 , 1980 .
1	most of the species are in the family mantidae .
1	it is one of roughly five hundred sino-tibetan languages , and belongs to the tibeto-burman branch of this family .
1	clive was expelled from three schools , including market drayton grammar school and merchant taylors ' school in london .
1	demographics ethnically , jammu is largely dogra , which group constitutes approximately 67 % of the population .
1	the missouri in its original natural meandering state was the longest river in north america .
1	the 18th amendment to the united states constitution , authorizing prohibition , goes into effect in the united states .
1	from 2002 to 2004 , figueirense was three times in a row campeonato catarinense champion .
1	contemporaries of ravel who were noted mélodie composers include albert roussel , reynaldo hahn and andré caplet .
1	it comprises the octopuses and the vampire squid .
1	for it 's one , two , three strikes , you 're out , at the old ball game .
1	many plants and fungi reproduce asexually as well .
1	the village and mine lay just to the north of this road .
1	mello struggled during the first few years of grade school .
1	education and scientific career carl sagan was born in brooklyn , new york , to a russian jewish family .
1	he worked in several positions there , but is arguably best known as a character designer .
1	his work was recognized with the national medal of arts in 2005 .
1	the park itself was founded by carl hagenbeck jr. in 1907 .
1	since many spiders are nocturnal , the extent of nectar consumption by spiders may have been under-estimated .
1	the current tánaiste is mary coughlan , td .
1	actual and potential tree line in the north atlantic region , especially in greenland and the faroes .
1	after escaping , eragon contacts the unconscious elf telepathically , and discovers that her name is arya .
1	climate climate regulates soil formation .
1	brother to athena , and is the son of zeus .
1	logone oriental was one of the 14 prefectures of chad .
1	the county town is norwich , located at .
1	the company was formed in december 1994 .
1	a magnetosphere is a highly magnetized region around and possessed by an astronomical object .
1	one of the buildings constructed was one of australia 's first non-denominational churches , built in a gothic style .
1	the first women 's tournament was held in 1897 .
1	the ai characters travel around the entire zone as they see fit .
1	squirrel is the common name for rodents of the family sciuridae .
1	it is not uncommon for the most luxurious ships to have more crew and staff than passengers .
1	the city of gothenburg was founded in 1621 by king gustavus adolphus of sweden .
1	dakar is a major administrative centre , home to the national assembly of senegal and senegal presidential palace .
1	it is the thirteenth book in the redwall series to be published .
1	there are 15 members of the security council , consisting of permanent members and elected members .
1	it opened in stages between 1968 and 1971 .
1	phoenix became a trade center with its products reaching eastern and western markets .
1	in 1850 , the family decided to send tchaikovsky to the imperial school of jurisprudence in st. petersburg .
1	it is at the mouth of the river yare , 20 miles east of norwich .
1	others an up-and-over door is often used in garages .
1	the plume edition is an authorized reprint of a hardcover edition published by harcourt , inc .
1	his famous series of sixteen great designs for the apocalypsejohannesapokalypse in klassischen comics are dated 1498 .
1	aik was founded in 1891 in central stockholm , at the downtown address of biblioteksgatan 8 .
1	in a fight on february 11 , 1990 , he lost the undisputed championship to buster douglas in tokyo .
1	indigofera is a large genus of about 700 species of flowering plants belonging to the family fabaceae .
1	the scientific name translates to `` food of the gods '' .
1	the main valley is bound by the bernese alps in the north and the pennine alps in the south .
1	at least 7,000 school buildings in sichuan province collapsed .
1	the city has about 115.426 inhabitants and is thus the second largest city of the region .
1	vich is a municipality in the district of nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
1	the local policeman was subjected to some humiliation by being locked in his own cell .
1	they play their home matches at hillsborough stadium in the north-western suburb of hillsborough .
1	a biopsy should not be performed , as it raises the risk of migrating cancer cells into the scrotum .
1	the season finale aired on october 18 , 2006 with jeffrey sebelia voted winner by the judges .
1	after secularization in 1802 it became the property of the german state of hesse .
1	as of the census of 2005 , there were an estimated 47,472 people living in harrisburg .
1	the canton of lucerne lies south of the canton of aargau , zürich and zug to the east .
1	the uyghurs leave the mongolian plateau .
1	the song had a similar electronic sound to the previous single , `` flux '' .
1	junior members , for example in hesse-darmstadt and baden , generally bore the style of grand ducal highness .
1	onegin enters and begs for her love and her pity .
1	in 1830 hasselt became the provisional capital of the belgian province of limburg .
1	the island has been famous for its grapes , wines and red poppies for centuries .
1	almost all christian denominations and churches hold trinitarian beliefs .
1	the château d'usson is one of the so-called cathar castles in what is now southwestern france .
1	antrim bt42 ballymena broughshane , cullybackey , galgorm .
1	works most of taverner 's music is vocal , and includes masses , magnificats and motets .
1	his travels dattatreya left home at an early age to wander naked in search of the absolute .
1	they were frequently used by chasqui runners delivering messages throughout the inca empire .
1	douala is the largest city in cameroon and the capital of cameroon 's littoral province .
1	finally he moved to south america to seek his fortune .
1	july 5 — emperor guangzong of song china is forced to give up his throne .
1	inflation in zimbabwe surges to record 3,714 % , the highest in the world .
1	the king awarded sopron by elevating it to the rank of free royal town .
1	victoria 's secret lima is probably best known for her work with victoria 's secret .
1	act 1 in the four bohemians ' garret marcello is painting while rodolfo gazes out of the window .
1	henry viii was buried in st george 's chapel in windsor castle , next to his wife jane seymour .
1	these are sometimes said to be or to symbolise the four vedas .
1	physical characteristics sylvia is very dark in color and probably has a very primitive composition .
1	he is rarely seen with another guitar , though he also owns fender telecasters , gibson firebirds and es335s .
1	most of them have since been relocated to sephardic synagogues in israel .
1	for one , washington had been taking measures to cultivate a constructive relationship with iraq for roughly a decade .
1	this adds up to 1.7 million cubic metres of timber or 25 million fully grown trees every year .
1	while illusions distort reality , they are generally shared by most people .
1	they are managed by jerry fen 's comic productions co. , ltd. and records albums with him international music .
1	this law is known as henry 's law .
1	catalysts that slow down the reaction are called negative catalysts or inhibitors .
1	taxi driver is a film directed by martin scorsese and written by paul schrader .
1	history the hertz is named after the german physicist heinrich hertz , who made important scientific contributions to electromagnetism .
1	history the lake was named for the french explorer samuel de champlain , who encountered it in 1609 .
1	chart notes anglican apocrypha these are the apocrypha as defined by the thirty-nine articles of anglicanism .
1	the wood used to make the fretboard will usually differ from the wood in the rest of the neck .
1	kogho is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	winter is one of the four seasons of temperate zones .
1	new episodes were added from 1959 to 1964 , at which time dallas mckennon became the voice of gumby .
1	befitting of the title silicon valley , this region is home to a vast number of technology sector giants .
1	a person may also semi-retire and keep some sort of retirement job , out of choice rather than necessity .
1	usage guides or slang and idiom guides .
1	it will be the biggest airport in the south of russia .
1	for instance , until the 1970s most olympic events required that the athletes be amateurs .
1	its largest city and county seat is santa rosa .
1	history three hundred years ago addiscombe was a rural area .
1	apparently after her death , shah jahan went into secluded mourning for a year .
1	melleruds if is a swedish football club in mellerud , sweden .
1	its name means the great bear in latin .
1	on december 16 , 1997 , more than 635 japanese children were admitted to hospitals with epileptic seizures .
1	shuttle era the space shuttle became the major focus of nasa in the late 1970s and the 1980s .
1	the city is agricultarally an economic infux as a centre for sugarcane and cotton crops .
1	references herron finds room at the inn ; ian macdonald .
1	it is a dialect of the siraiki language .
1	many of the victims were turkish prisoners of war vlad had previously captured during the turkish invasion .
1	believing that an article has an owner of this sort is a common mistake people make on wikipedia .
1	youssef rzouga is a tunisian poet , born on march 21 1957 in mahdia , tunisia .
1	a commander-in-chief is the commander of a nation 's military forces or significant element of those forces .
1	guéra was one of the 14 prefectures of chad .
1	a compound sentence consists of multiple independent clauses with no dependent clauses .
1	surrounding municipalities are sturno , villamaina , frigento , fontanarosa , grottaminarda .
1	from 1971 he performed and toured with the group , and composed numerous works for it .
1	according to the treaty of westminster ending the first anglo-dutch war of 1652 1654 .
1	from the beginning of the 20th century , interest in cacti has increased steadily .
1	gordon mccauley is the 2005-2006 champion of the uci oceania tour .
1	the lyrics are concerned with human existence , emotion , and mental states .
1	prättigau/davos is an administrative district in the canton of graubünden , switzerland .
1	they are also playing a growing role in the civil service and defense services .
1	the current prime minister of the united kingdom is gordon brown , who assumed the position in june 2007 .
1	when paired with another deity , she became the demon-wife of apep , the original god of evil .
1	the book was later finished by author clare boylan and released in 2003 under the title emma brown .
1	odo , count of paris becomes king of the western franks .
1	its name at its founding is st. john 's college .
1	the service was launched on june 1 , 2005 and replaced the popular tv tome website .
1	bosconian was a multi-directional shooter arcade game that was developed by namco in 1981 .
1	in 1569 , the polish-lithuanian commonwealth was founded .
1	prose edda heimskringla icelandic medieval manuscripts , site maintained by unnur valgeirsdóttir at the university of iceland .
1	gland is a municipality in the district of nyon in the canton of vaud in switzerland .
1	it forms a large number of organometallic compounds , including tetraethylgermane and isobutylgermane .
1	gold was discovered in 1894 , after which the spotted dog mine operated for three years .
1	aphids are distributed worldwide , but are most common in temperate zones .
1	her kidnapping received worldwide coverage , particularly in france , because of her dual french citizenship .
1	as of 2008 it has a population of 714 .
1	the geographical position of bratislava in central europe has long made it a natural crossroads for international trade traffic .
1	it is situated in the indian state of jammu and kashmir , between the cities of sopore and bandipore .
1	the capital city of alberta is edmonton , located just south of the centre of the province .
1	shariati then went to tehran where he began lecturing at the hosseiniye ershad institute .
1	pearl-shelling was responsible for the arrival of experienced divers from many countries , notably japan .
1	thunderstorm - a thunderstorm is a type of storm that generates lightning and the attendant thunder .
1	the waxing crescent moon `` represents a young nation on the ascendant '' .
1	it refers to a pharmacological profile , not a chemical structure .
1	some of the members of capsicum are used as spices , vegetables , and medicines .
1	according to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 34,668 .
1	trimming a starting step is a special challenge as the last riser above the lower floor is rounded .
1	it has approximately 200 chapters in the united states , canada , australia , asia , and europe .
1	background helmut schmidt was born in hamburg , as son of two teachers .
1	bergman stated that the film would be his last , and that afterwards he would focus on directing theatre .
1	amaterasu heard them , and peered out to see what all the fuss was about .
1	the county town is the city of lincoln , where the county council has its headquarters .
1	he has written for the simpsons , and he is the head writer and executive producer of futurama .
1	osiedle paderewskiego - muchowiec ii .
1	she attempts to kill ripley , believing she may be used to create more aliens .
1	the river is inhabited by numerous ducks , coots , swans , and gulls .
1	linnaeus ' scientific research took science on a path that diverged from what had been taught by religious authorities .
1	in some parts of the world people use the words cordial and liqueur interchangeably .
1	central europe is the region lying between the variously defined areas of eastern and western europe .
1	it has since been exhibited in other museums in the united states and in germany .
1	examples this exchange of plants and animals transformed european , american , african , and asian ways of life .
1	mates of state 's 2008 record re-arrange us was moshi moshi 's 50th release .
1	the eruption also blocked the lillooet river to a height of at least , impounding a lake .
1	la bruyère is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of namur .
1	some , such as the karelian bear dog , are almost impossible to train as companion dogs .
1	the series was relaunched in 2005 as legion of net .
1	it rose out of the water overnight in march 1999 .
1	one event is usually about three hours long and features five to twelve matches .
1	the headwaters are located on mount timpanogos and the river continues down through american fork canyon .
1	chichi dango : slightly-sweet light treats usually eaten as a dessert .
1	the elder claesson died on january 4 , 2008 in stockholm .
1	flooding was also reported as rivers quickly rose due to the heavy rain and saturated ground .
1	aquaman is a fictional comic book superhero who appears in dc comics .
1	batista went on to have successful surgery on his arm on january 12 .
1	lynx have short tails and characteristic tufts of black hair on the tip of their ears .
1	the spines , which in some species are long and sharp , serve to protect the urchin from predators .
1	he was the son of king hetoum i and queen isabella and was a member of the hetoumid family .
1	newgate prison is built in london .
1	its capital is the city of tacna .
1	albert einstein publishes the article on the electrodynamics of moving bodies where he reveals his theory of special relativity .
1	on the same day the new station , also at ground level , opened in swan street .
1	despite their intimidating size and muscular power , they are generally not dangerous to humans .
1	morocco is a de jure constitutional monarchy with an elected parliament .
1	in turkey , judaeo-spanish is most commonly written in the turkish variant of the latin alphabet .
1	albury is separated by the murray from its twin city in victoria , wodonga .
1	dettelbach has several local vineyards and is famous for its wine .
1	she vows to herself that she will not lose his trail again as she did after his last visit .
1	the 1992 pacific hurricane season was the most active pacific hurricane season on record .
1	history the station opened on 1 august 1887 as part of the glasgow , yoker and clydebank railway .
1	love worked with many of the great figures of mid-century broadway and american ballet .
1	the sound attributes that determine the meter may vary from language to language , and sometimes between poetic traditions .
1	pictures bad dürrheim bad dürrheim is a town in the district of schwarzwald-baar , in baden-württemberg , germany .
1	literature and oral tradition william golding 's lord of the flies features frequent references to `` the conch '' .
1	hemmings owns over 100 racehorses , with his horse hedgehunter winning the 2005 grand national at aintree .
1	electromagnetic data may be stored in either an analog or digital format on a variety of media .
1	the town 's main football club , bury town , is the fourth oldest non-league team in england .
1	the city would become the oldest continually occupied european settlement in the continental united states .
1	it is also the administrative center of the moravian-silesian region and of the municipality with extended competence .
1	the mills contributed to the growth of minneapolis .
1	the dialects spoken at calvi and bonifacio are closer to the genoa dialect , also known as ligurian .
1	in 1892 , she was given the medal illis quorum by king oscar ii of sweden .
1	acute insomnia is the inability to consistently sleep well for a period of between three weeks to six months .
1	he got his degree of secondary education in the area of philosophy in 1929 .
1	uses the chief use of ethane is in the chemical industry in the production of ethylene by steam cracking .
1	north and south darfur were created from darfur , while kurdufan divided into north and south kurdufan .
1	large populations of dugongs live there .
1	in the same year , he was elected president of ireland , as which he served until 1973 .
1	therefore , formal language theory is a major application area of computability theory and complexity theory .
1	references external links washington redskins official web site sports e-cyclopedia .
1	he popularized several physically complicated dance moves , such as the robot and the moonwalk .
1	in 2004 , central district and west district were merged into the new west central district .
1	the use of citation templates is recommended , but not mandatory .
1	ductile metals do not have a well defined yield point .
1	the winner was at the time raw superstar kurt angle , who later switched to the smackdown brand .
1	within a short time of publication , moss lost major modelling contracts with several international companies .
1	mittweida is home of a university with about 5000 students .
1	two tubes of amphetamines and a further empty tube were found in the rear pocket of his racing jersey .
1	currently , all the seven seasons of the series are available on dvds for regions 1 and region 2 .
1	justinian i immediately orders that the dome be rebuilt .
1	the population estimate for 2008 was 229,047 .
1	eventually , hundreds of pupils of all ages were attracted to his teaching methods .
1	action figures representing superheroes and their predecessors , action dolls , are particularly popular among boys .
1	like the originals , heartgold and soulsilver will be set in the fictional johto region .
1	it authorised the working committee to launch a civil disobedience movement throughout the country .
1	beernem is a rural municipality in the belgian province of west flanders , located southeast of bruges .
1	there are approximately 350 species in the two families , distributed worldwide .
1	beresford is a city in lincoln and union counties in the u.s. state of south dakota .
1	the provincial capital of sindh is karachi .
1	he or she is thus the equivalent of an executive officer in the united states army .
1	origlio is a municipality in the district of lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	cotton was quoted as saying , `` he just gave it to me .
1	mac os x mac os x supports hfs+ with journaling as its primary file system .
1	request message the request message consists of the following : request line , such as get /images/logo .
1	members of the unification church believe this messiah is sun myung moon .
1	education there are two major centres of education and research located in the canton of ticino .
1	green eggs and ham is a best-selling and critically acclaimed book by dr. seuss , first published in 1960 .
1	in the same year it was renamed aldwych when charing cross on the northern line was renamed strand .
1	ghostzilla was an open source web browser for microsoft windows based on the gecko html renderer used by mozilla .
1	brossard is a canadian city situated in the montérégie administrative region of the province of quebec .
1	du pré became a favourite at the proms , performing every year until 1969 .
1	the lyrics are often in the extinct language gaulish .
1	many of the cities in the looniverse have net-based names : net .
1	show tv is a nation-wide television channel in turkey owned by çukurova holding .
1	a city since 1887 , it superseded the island of mozambique as the capital of mozambique in 1898 .
1	only then , on 13 march 1938 , did seyss-inquart join the national socialist party .
1	callisto rotates synchronously with its orbital period , so the same face is always turned toward jupiter .
1	malle is a municipality located in the campine region of the belgian province of antwerp .
1	the town was the setting for the bury st. edmunds witch trials between 1599 and 1694 .
1	users should verify that their email address is functional before entering it .
1	o lord , in thee have i trusted : let me never be confounded .
1	it later became known that this was a move orchestrated by chun .
1	it is the fourth and final novel in his hyperion cantos fictional universe .
1	in the north the kurfürstendamm runs through the area .
1	biography calderón was born in madrid .
1	while some of his followers became known as hussites , his more radical followers were called taborites .
1	this is why the head of a splitting maul has a much wider angle than that of an axe .
1	assembly of states parties , 21 november 2008 .
1	arthur clarke 's 2001 diary , excerpted from lost worlds of 2001 by arthur c. clarke .
1	he was also rebellious against authoritarian rule which led him into problems with the ottoman establishment .
1	marie is anxious to leave , but wozzeck restrains her .
1	course it originates in the himalayas in the chamba district of himachal pradesh , india following a north-westerly course .
1	port dover composite school is a public middle and high school located in port dover , ontario , canada .
1	binding and purfling materials are generally made of either wood or plastic .
1	more recently , a 45 % stake of the church & company brand has been sold to equinox .
1	their match stemmed from the royal rumble , the pay-per-view event two months prior to wrestlemania .
1	even so , hertha emerged as the germany 's second most successful team during the inter-war years .
1	the pain of knowledge - holocaust and genocide issues in education , transaction , new brunswick , 2005 .
1	vålerenga fotball is a norwegian football club from oslo and a part of the multi-sport club vålerenga if .
1	melbourne airport is the major domestic and international gateway for the state .
1	hammond organ players such as jimmy smith and jack mcduff often performed and recorded in organ trios .
1	in 1879 , she suffered spinal cord injuries in a fall from a step ladder .
1	the town is complete with a church , and port facilities for unloading goods delivered to the island .
1	she served as first lady of the united states from 1989 to 1993 , while her husband was president .
1	over the centuries , many of these dogs were transported by humans to japan , most likely from manchuria .
1	they now include 36.7 million members , more anglicans than there are in england .
1	on occasion the federal constitutional court has thus overturned judgments of the other federal courts .
1	gakuch is the capital of the ghizer district .
1	the western allies remained the ultimate political authorities in west berlin .
1	he is the subject and hero of jacques offenbach 's famous but fictional opera the tales of hoffmann .
1	esneux is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	experiencing less sleep than this is common in modern societies ; this sleep deprivation can have negative effects .
1	the show finished its run on may 3 , 2009 with a total of 79 episodes .
1	mr. poe , a friend of the baudelaire parents and the executor of their affairs , arrives .
1	it was released on february 22 , 2009 .
1	act of union 1707 , article 22 .
1	schalkau is a town in the district of sonneberg , in thuringia , germany .
1	when the old woman returns tatyana asks her to arrange for the letter to be sent to onegin .
1	it is also the administrative centre for the city of latrobe .
1	dushku took some time off from acting to finish her junior and senior years of high school .
1	historical records of events have been made for thousands of years in one form or another .
1	pride does not allow elbow strikes to the head of an opponent .
1	it is a classic example of the gothic style of normandy in its use of long straight vertical lines .
1	gregorian chant was categorized into eight modes , influenced by the eightfold division of byzantine chants called the oktoechos .
1	in 1841 parts of burke county and wilkes county were combined to form caldwell county .
1	the first recorded use of persian rose as a color name in english was in 1922 .
1	syphilis is a sexually transmitted disease caused by the spirochetal bacterium treponema pallidum subspecies pallidum .
1	merikanto was diagnosed with lung cancer in the summer 1957 , and he died the next year .
1	many people from the occupied areas fled to sopron , and the city 's importance grew .
1	the kazan khanate is established .
1	from june 1999 to 2006 , she wrote columns for the biweekly novaya gazeta .
1	nowadays , the german influence in the state of santa catarina is still very strong and visible .
1	most commonly , a regatta is either a series of rowing , sailing , gondola races or yacht racing .
1	they are in the central division of major league baseball 's american league .
1	summer stock theatre the american form of repertory theatre as practiced in england .
1	it includes linux 2.6.27 and openoffice.org 3.0 , with other applications available from debian and the mepis community .
1	walt disney pictures released it in the united states and canada on june 27 , 2008 .
1	the airline 's name derives from the section of the alps known as the dolomites .
1	the orient is a term which simply means the `` east '' .
1	this use of `` project '' changed in the 1950s with the introduction of several techniques for project management .
1	informally , the territory 's name is often abbreviated to a & n islands , or ani .
1	it is generally planted in the spring and thereafter grows as a perennial .
1	there is a closely related term called a skirt role .
1	the seat of the district is the city of lausanne .
1	roh committed suicide on 23 may 2009 by jumping from a mountain cliff , after leaving a suicide note .
1	the style shows the romantic influence of liszt and schumann as well as the russian school of balakirev .
1	the couple married on november 17 , 1934 at st. mark 's episcopal church in san antonio , texas .
1	it lies in the central part of florina prefecture , of which it is the capital .
1	as isolde arrives at his side , tristan dies with her name on his lips .
1	usb 3.0 connectors are generally backwards compatible , but include new wiring and full duplex operation .
1	the arkansas river is the second longest tributary of the mississippi river .
1	horse riding and other equestrian uses of trails continue to be a popular activity for many trail users .
1	the black mountain forms a long , narrow ridge , with higher peaks at intervals and occasional deep passes .
1	in particular , 150 volumes of his surviving works concentrate on philosophy and 40 of them concentrate on medicine .
1	the province of teramo is located in the abruzzo region of italy .
1	thou art the everlasting son : of the father .
1	overland park , kansas .
1	in many of these countries serfdom was abolished during the napoleonic invasions of the early 19th century .
1	he soon embarked on his second opera : ruslan and lyudmila .
1	sidney finds her boyfriend derek tied to a stage prop , and mickey then shoots derek in the chest .
1	most states establish such slogans for the promotion of tourism .
1	originally a gatehouse was a fortified structure built over the gateway to a city or castle .
1	asia judea is returned piecemeal to agrippa i 's son marcus julius agrippa between 48 and 54 .
1	the economic base of port said is fishing and industries , like chemicals , processed food , and cigarettes .
1	administration the district is administratively subdivided into the following talukas : local govt .
1	life louis durey was born in paris the son of a local businessman .
1	he visits an opium den in london .
1	railways : almost all the major as well as smaller cities of the state are linked through railways .
1	the gymnotiformes is a lineage of ostariophysan teleost electric fishes .
1	personal life haitink has five children from his first marriage to marjolein snijder .
1	they have appeared on the cover of that company 's free magazine , v !
1	grease is a 1972 musical by jim jacobs and warren casey .
1	baelen is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of liège .
1	cromwell 's enemies dubbed him tumbledown dick or queen dick for his indecisive character .
1	balkenende currently resides with his wife , bianca hoogendijk , and his daughter amelie in capelle aan den ijssel .
1	order # 56/cmln of 20 october 1973 prescribed the coat of arms of the republic of mali .
1	when the term education is combined with entertainment , the term edutainment is coined .
1	the rangers are a member of the western division of the major league baseball american league .
1	design and implementation one end of the device is fitted with a single male type-a usb connector .
1	when the church of god was formed in 1906 , one-third of its founders were women .
1	cochem is a town in rhineland-palatinate , western germany , capital of the district cochem-zell .
1	on 26 march 1923 , bernhardt died of uremia in the care of her son maurice .
1	seventh son won a locus award and was nominated for both the hugo and world fantasy awards in 1988 .
1	license must not be specific to debian , basically a reiteration of the last point .
1	heraklion is the largest city and capital of crete .
1	french , italian , portuguese , spanish , and romanian are also official languages of the european union .
1	we believe that thou shalt come : to be our judge .
1	the scale ranked sexual behavior from 0 to 6 , with 0 being completely heterosexual and 6 completely homosexual .
1	it is currently a subsidiary of warner music group .
1	early life duff was born in houston , harris county , texas .
1	he was accepted to the usaf experimental flight test pilot school at edwards air force base in 1960 .
1	the minute south china sea islands , collectively an archipelago , number in the hundreds .
1	the friends appear , flushed with gaiety ; rodolfo buys mimì a bonnet from a vendor .
1	on september 29 , olaf made landfall near salina cruz , oaxaca .
1	save us from the time of trial : and deliver us from evil .
1	in some parts of the former soviet union the anniversary of this day is celebrated as radio day .
1	it was founded around a small pharaonic town c. 331 bc by alexander the great .
1	lyngstad released several singles on emi and had many hits in the swedish charts .
1	one important industry that is located here is that of petroleum refinery .
1	this depicts jesus ' teaching , and particularly evokes the beatitudes .
1	notes external links théodore chassériau exhibition at the metropolitan museum of art [ ] retrieved on 2007-4-15 .
1	in practice , colorant mixtures in actual materials such as paint tend to be more complex .
1	he learned to argue , to listen , and to admit it when he was wrong about something .
1	the mcintosh was also reportedly the source of the name of the macintosh computer .
1	oh , what a lovely war !
1	although nepal bhasa is classified as a sino-tibetan language , it has been greatly influenced by the indo-aryan languages .
1	göppingen is a city in southern germany , part of the stuttgart region of baden-württemberg .
1	coahoma county is a county located in the mississippi delta region of the u.s. state of mississippi .
1	he died later that day at 5:55 p.m. of heart failure .
1	timpani are typically struck with a special type of drumstick fittingly called a timpani stick or timpani mallet .
1	tunceli is located in the middle of the eastern part of turkey .
1	the town served as the administrative center of dobryansky district , which was abolished in 1993 .
1	plasma is believed to be the most common state of matter in the universe .
1	definition at thefreedictionary.com the name comes from aphrodite , the greek goddess of sensuality and love .
1	malta 's de facto capital is valletta and the biggest city is birkirkara .
1	for wild dogs and other relatives of the dog , please move up to : category : canines .
1	mendel stated that each individual has two factors for each trait , one from each parent .
1	it is the site of a memorial to those who perished on that day .
1	they fought with full contact and various injuries such as broken limbs were an everyday occurrence .
1	most commonly they are grown for the display of their flowers .
1	she is best known for her role as ruthie camden on the wb 's long-running 7th heaven .
1	he is youngest member of the musical group the backstreet boys and the older brother of aaron carter .
1	all the models come with the same stock camera and 2.5 in .
1	the term is no longer used , as diseases are now classified according to their more fully understood causes .
1	the first recorded use of rose pink as a color name in english was in 1761 .
1	the list of pathis announced by the headquarters of ayyavazhi does not include these pathis .
1	jesse james claims to be related to `` the outlaw jesse james '' from his great grandfather 's cousin .
1	characters other than spy vs. spy see spy vs. spy for descriptions of prohías 's most famous creations .
1	law and government harnett county is a member of the regional mid-carolina council of governments .
1	ashikaga takauji is granted the title of shogun by the emperor of japan , starting the ashikaga shogunate .
1	the british crown colony of new york is subdivided into 12 counties .
1	she is the conservative member of parliament for chipping barnet and shadow secretary of state for transport .
1	following the world war ii japanese occupation , indonesian nationalists declared indonesian independence in 1945 .
1	the drainage basin empties into the gulf of mexico .
1	some prizes are also associated with extravagant awarding ceremonies , such as the academy awards .
1	it follows on from the tombs of atuan , which itself was a sequel to a wizard of earthsea .
1	other groups , such as !
1	shield volcanoes are formed by lava flows of low viscosity — lava that flows easily .
1	it is the oldest continuously inhabited town in shropshire .
1	on 31 march 1985 , the island line was opened with service between admiralty station and chai wan station .
1	achtung baby is the seventh studio album by irish rock band u2 , released on 19 november 1991 .
1	onhaye is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	filopodia are more slender and filiform with pointed ends , consisting mainly of ectoplasm .
1	reno is a city in and the county seat of washoe county , nevada , united states .
1	today it has a length of 24.4 km .
1	most students consider her as a `` nice '' or `` good '' teacher .
1	moscow attacks tver , which counter-attacks with the aid of lithuania and the blue horde .
1	it can hold up to 1.8 gigabytes of data .
1	volume 1 : it 's baby signing time baby signing time !
1	classed as a premium station , it is in metcard zone 1 .
1	klatch , rebecca e. a generation divided : the new left , the new right , and the 1960s .
1	official website slipknot is an american heavy metal band from des moines , iowa , formed in 1995 .
1	in japan it is traditionally made in a ceremony called mochitsuki .
1	memorials cnn september 11 memorial - list of victims , and photos .
1	athens became the capital of greece in 1834 , following nafplion which was the provisional capital from 1829 .
1	in some places , serfdom was merged with or exchanged for various forms of taxation .
1	the population was 17,780 at the 2000 census .
1	the state 's capital is sacramento .
1	the apocryphal books are listed in the order of the vulgate .
1	one of them is a fortification named fort adelaide or la citadelle , built by the british in 1835 .
1	further reading - general histories kaplan , lawrence s. the long entanglement : nato 's first fifty years .
1	it was founded in 1829 , and named after democratic president andrew jackson .
1	iupac periodic table iupac periodic table 2007 .
1	in addition he studied privately with vincent d'indy .
1	jefferson parish is a parish in louisiana , united states that includes most of the suburbs of new orleans .
1	her first term began october 4 , 1996 , and her last term ended on november 3 , 2008 .
1	for more details see : northern ireland neighbourhood information servicenorthern ireland neighbourhood information service website .
1	nieuwerkerken is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	the english again have the better of it .
1	tony judt , in the marshall plan : fifty years after , edited by martin schain , pg .
1	following its discovery in 1999 , perdita was given the temporary designation of s/1986 u 10 .
1	the importance of being earnest is a comic play by oscar wilde .
1	indeed , warner was named the starter on august 30 , 2008 .
1	through these studies , kornberg has created an actual picture of how transcription works at a molecular level .
1	the capital of ontario is toronto , canada 's most populous city and metropolitan area .
1	it is home to tapton school and the tapton youth brass band .
1	columbia is the state capital and largest city in the u.s. state of south carolina .
1	similarly , the west berlin senate sent non-voting delegates to the bundesrat .
1	t-mobile also has financial stakes in mobile operators in central and eastern europe .
1	meanwhile , the depleted spiders lost 134 games , the most in mlb history , before folding .
1	it is also worn as a decorative garment by women .
1	ramillies is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	it is widely considered a classic and regarded as one of the earliest scholarly works of history .
1	on 15 september 2008 , richard wright died at age 65 .
1	south australia is a state of australia in the southern central part of the country .
1	konkani muslims in coastal maharashtra and bhatkal taluka of karnataka use arabic script to write konkani .
1	but large and important fossils were and also are found here .
1	in the tv series , akane works as a model and appears in clothing advertisements throughout the city .
1	with her brother , shu , she was the mother of geb and nut .
1	no skater has yet accomplished a quadruple axel in competition .
1	the university also emphasized the development of computer and information technology throughout the campus .
1	however , on major theological issues , baptist distinctive beliefs are held in common among almost all baptist churches .
1	to stimulate the development of the german colonization in southern brazil , the brazilian government created many german colonies .
1	a sold-out madison square garden was filled with more than 20,000 people from 16 countries , 48 states .
1	they fly soundlessly and have very acute senses of hearing and low-light vision .
1	it was re-released to theaters on march 25 , 1988 .
1	another celebrated conductor , anton seidl , followed thomas on the philharmonic podium , serving until 1898 .
1	on 4 january 1961 , schrödinger died in vienna of tuberculosis at the age of 73 .
1	founded in 1913 , the club is named after the nearby neighbourhood of vålerenga .
1	for a time , armenia was one of the most powerful states in the roman east .
1	the sepals and petals usually number three each and may be distinct or joined at the base .
1	vico morcote is a municipality in the district of in the lugano in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	hydra appears to be spectrally neutral like charon and nix , though pluto is reddish .
1	islamabad highway crosses this stream near sihala where the famous cock pull bridge is constructed over it .
1	he approaches the girl , and she naïvely tells him where she is going .
1	us army mission the united states army serves as the land-based branch of the u.s. military .
1	ahmad ibn ibrihim al-ghazi of somalia defeats the ethiopian army with his new firearms .
1	lamenting the loss of their wisdom , the norns disappear .
1	aqua timez is a japanese pop and rock band signed to sony music entertainment japan .
1	anatomical details the glans penis is the expanded cap of the corpus spongiosum .
1	the basic principle was that glass objects , being non-conductors , are seldom struck by lightning .
1	events of 1353 the decameron is finished by giovanni boccaccio .
1	it comprises six species in two genera , the type of which is the genus nautilus .
1	a. : i am very happy that works written in chinese can win the nobel prize for literature .
1	puerto iguazú is a frontier city in the province of misiones , argentina .
1	events and trends newton and leibniz independently discovered calculus .
1	the major lakes and reservoirs in the national park are given below .
1	culture vilnius is a cosmopolitan city with diverse architecture .
1	an illusion is a distortion of the senses , revealing how the brain normally organizes and interprets sensory stimulation .
1	in common with the beatles , they came from liverpool and were managed by brian epstein .
1	during the 1930s , martin 's statesman moved markedly to the left politically .
1	gideon is honest john 's mute and crafty anthropomorphic feline accomplice .
1	tayasal is a pre-columbian maya archaeological site that dates to the postclassic period .
1	very few of the old gentry survived the ordeal of building vlad 's castle .
1	a furlong is a measure of distance in imperial units and u.s. customary units .
1	idamante frees the trojan prisoners in a gesture of good will .
1	whittier is also popular with tourists , sport fishermen and hunters .
1	neil mcdonald was sacked one game into the 2007-08 season .
1	references external links the clangers at bbc .
1	tyre falls to the crusaders .
1	literature chinese has a rich history of classical literature dating back several thousand years .
1	no strings – book by samuel a. taylor , music and lyrics by richard rodgers .
1	the graduation itself is also called commencement , convocation or invocation .
1	fried dough foods are also common in many cultures .
1	in the same year he had the idea to let the students teach their peers in his french classes .
1	he studied at the paris conservatoire , and under the composer vincent d'indy at the schola cantorum .
1	the film stars shahrukh khan , manisha koirala , and preity zinta .
1	the united states congress was established upon ratification of the united states constitution in 1789 .
1	this will construct a smooth probability density function , which will in general more accurately reflect the underlying variable .
1	it is the seat of houston county , with portions extending into nearby dale county and henry county .
1	also known as the marsmon named after him the month of march is inspired by this god 's name .
1	rally-x is a maze arcade game that was released by namco in 1980 .
1	the film consists of a tour with soad interspersed with cut scenes of genocides .
1	the infirmary provided accommodation for twelve beds , and became known as charing cross hospital in 1827 .
1	the county town is winchester situated at .
1	at the time , chocolate was very expensive in europe because the cacao beans only grew in south america .
1	in ojibwa myth , nanabozho the hare stole fire and gave it to humans .
1	early life saint margaret was the daughter of the english prince edward the exile , son of edmund ironside .
1	thyme is best cultivated in a hot sunny location with well drained soil .
1	eastbourne is situated at the eastern end of the south downs alongside the famous beachy head cliff .
1	history san gimignano was founded as a small village in the 3rd century bc by the etruscans .
1	the hells angels were originally formed in 1948 in fontana , california .
1	this is not strictly true , although their sight is limited to simple dark-light perception .
1	its membership consists of the 205 national olympic committees .
1	the short airstrip is at the base of a gentle slope ending directly on the beach at st jean .
1	he was brought up and cared for by his mother , eliza ballou , sisters , and an uncle .
1	type ia supernovae are thought to be potentially the most dangerous if they occur close enough to the earth .
1	waits were provided with salaries , liveries and silver chains of office , bearing the town 's arms .
1	this leads to extrusion of the glans clitoridis and enhanced sensitivity to physical contact .
1	since the end of the 19th century eschelbronn is well known for its furniture manufacturing industry .
1	union generally means a union or combining of two individual things into one .
1	summary of five epochs of civilization world history looks for common patterns that emerge across all cultures .
1	hezbollah declares open war against israel 2 days later .
1	deposition is the geological process by which material is added to a landform or land mass .
1	the pleistocene is the first epoch of the quaternary period or 6th epoch of the cenozoic era .
1	according to the 2006 census , the department has a total population of 21,405 .
1	the orchestra changed its name to the toronto symphony orchestra in 1927 .
1	he was the son of jupiter and juno , and husband of maia and venus .
1	everest college offers career college programs in a variety of areas .
1	he lives in paradise valley , montana , where he wrote his first book .
1	some protestant denominations such as lutherans also make use of the prayer .
1	writings ørsted was a published writer and poet .
1	the mouth is larger than that of herrings and silversides , two fish anchovies closely resemble in other respects .
1	reproduction both zoospores and gametes of the chytrids are mobile by their flagella , one whiplash per individual .
1	june 15 — louis ii is crowned king of lombardy by pope sergius ii .
1	see roman britain for the history of this subsequent period .
1	torah christianity and judaism biblical law in christianity references further reading kuntz , john kenneth .
1	the first ford mustang rolls off the assembly line at ford motor company .
1	monopsony , when there is only one buyer in a market .
1	at his father 's advice , phelps enrolled in his first economics course in his second year at amherst .
1	tapers come in a variety of sizes and are usually identified by the gauge of the large end .
1	tor books is one of two imprints of tom doherty associates , llc , based in new york city .
1	please note : wikipedia does not give legal advice or medical advice .
1	events june 29 — battle of inab : nur ad-din defeats the principality of antioch .
1	a tube is often made to custom sizes and may often have more specific sizes and tolerances than pipe .
1	leading figures included otto ernst remer , a former major general , and fritz dorls .
1	it is situated in the south of larkana city between taluka larkana and taulka dokri .
1	bad buchau is a small town in the district of biberach , baden-württemberg , germany with about 4,000 inhabitants .
1	her first appearance on film was a small role in the 1994 feature camp nowhere as gail .
1	history paderborn was part of the bishopric of paderborn until it was included into prussia in 1802 .
1	when he was five , the family moved to chatham , kent .
1	the st. louis rams are a professional american football team based in st. louis , missouri .
1	the economy has recovered somewhat from the civil unrest although the somali civil war still presents many problems .
1	richard ii is imprisoned until he agrees to replace all the councillors in his court .
1	dorothy knows the slippers are magical , but she is unaware of their specific powers .
1	after barbirolli ’ s death after her husband 's death in 1970 evelyn started to play her oboe again .
1	wright also had a major effect on the development of mammalian genetics and biochemical genetics .
1	she tells him `` ned '' is in great danger .
1	diego velázquez de cuéllar died in santiago de cuba in 1524 , a very bitter man .
1	he spent two weeks there recovering from a severe concussion and a shoulder injury .
1	he was buried in the chapel of saint-hubert in the castle of amboise .
1	the yucatan channel between mexico and cuba links the gulf of mexico with the caribbean .
1	bluegrass music is a form of american roots music , and is a sub-genre of country music .
1	king manuel ii flees to the united kingdom .
1	historians often refer to the period from qin dynasty to the end of qing dynasty as imperial china .
1	the river tees is located to the north and the river leven to the east .
1	southampton island is a large island at the entrance to hudson bay at foxe basin .
1	the name taichung means `` central taiwan '' .
1	x-men is a 2000 superhero film based on the fictional marvel comics characters of the same name .
1	according to smithsonian online magazine , tao taught himself basic arithmetic by the age of two .
1	hardy competed for singles titles on several occasions and defeated william regal for the wwe european championship .
1	this console was released in north america in september 1993 and in japan on march 20 , 1994 .
1	american occupation and reconstruction of the country continued well into the 1950s eventually forming the current modern japan .
1	however , he gained the dna of mewtwo as well , giving him the ability to track mewtwo .
1	asia july 24 — emperor gaozong abdicates to emperor xiaozong .
1	apple sauce can be fine or coarse textured , and may include large chunks of apple .
1	six other cities submitted applications , but their bids were dropped by the ioc in 1996 .
1	the majority of mantises are ambush predators , waiting for prey to stray too near .
1	he then takes a cigarette lighter and lights the trail of leaking fuel , blowing the plane up .
1	administrative units of district abbottabad the main tribe of this union council are the karlal .
1	the district , which had been part of poonch district , was created in 1988government of azad kashmir .
1	the escalators in underground stations include some of the longest in europe , and all are custom-built .
1	battle of annan : the loyalists of david ii defeat edward balliol in scotland .
1	the town is twinned with horsham in the united kingdom .
1	in europe , most forms of hot chocolate are very thick due to being made directly from chocolate .
1	the capital and largest city is libreville .
1	the simpsons movie is a 2007 american animated comedy film based on the animated television series the simpsons .
1	accordingly the modern study of marine and freshwater algae is called either phycology or algology .
1	under the sidereal zodiac , it is currently there roughly from december 16 to january 14 .
1	w. a. doble , the tangential water wheel , transactions of the american institute of mining engineers , vol .
1	the region that was to become sophene was part of the kingdom of urartu in the 8th-7th centuries bc .
1	economy the region is primarily known for wine and tobacco .
1	the mountains themselves span the districts of hochtaunuskreis , main-taunus , rheingau-taunus , limburg-weilburg , and rhein-lahn .
1	the coast is defined as where the land meets the sea .
1	july 4 — battle of hattin : saladin defeats guy of lusignan , king of jerusalem .
1	it is located on the untersee of lake constance .
1	the cartridge contains a port of a link to the past and a multiplayer-only game called four swords .
1	however , due to chronic inflation , coins below 1 peso are now rarely found .
1	cusco province is the smallest of thirteen provinces in the cusco region in the southern highlands of peru .
1	youth müller was born in kroppenstedt , a village near halberstadt in the kingdom of prussia .
1	thereafter he enrolled at the uppsala university where he learned the profession of medical doctor from 1796 to 1801 .
1	he was succeeded by his son henry , in both france and burgundy .
1	the jews are expelled from paris by philip ii of france .
1	in 1925 he married paula warzcewska , the daughter of a wealthy polish shipbuilder .
1	the most popular majors at bates are politics , psychology , economics , biology , english , and history .
1	in 1814 gallaudet became a preacher , having graduated from andover theological seminary after a two-year course of study .
1	a tract is a literary work , and in current usage , usually religious in nature .
1	chahar mahaal and bakhtiari shahrekord 842,002 6 until 1973 was part of isfahan province .
1	types of fives there are two main types of fives , rugby fives and eton fives .
1	april 19 — archbishop alphege of canterbury is murdered by his danish captors .
1	eastman and kotik performed together extensively in the early to mid 1970s .
1	secretion in eukaryotic cells mechanism eukaryotic cells , including human cells , have a highly evolved process of secretion .
1	classification greek is an independent branch of the indo-european language family .
1	by place byzantine empire byzantine emperor justin i rebuilds anazarbus and renames it justinopolis .
1	two days later , on christmas day 800 , leo crowned charlemagne as roman emperor .
1	st. johnstone football club is a professional football club based in perth , scotland .
1	when serbia accepted nine of the ten demands but only partially accepted the remaining one , austria–hungary declared war .
1	goat rock beach is a sand beach in northwestern sonoma county , california , united states .
1	description the volga is the longest river in europe .
1	the show also follows the actions of other ctu agents , government officials and terrorists associated with the plot .
1	maputo , formerly lourenço marques/lourenzo marques , is the capital and largest city of mozambique .
1	it is located on the banks of the havel river .
1	oxen must be painstakingly trained from a young age .
1	the center opened on july 1 , 2006 with a performance of the new york philharmonic .
1	recent archaeological research has uncovered christian burials from before 1000 , evidence of a preceding urban settlement .
1	in the 18th century , leonhard euler proved that , conversely , all even perfect numbers have this form .
1	a new species of the ornithischian dinosaur psittacosaurus from the early cretaceous of thailand .
1	they walked across asia to reach the americas , and from central asia into europe .
1	the earliest known european cave paintings date to aurignacian , some 32,000 years ago .
1	in the early new year , guitarist brainard decided to leave the band due to personal reasons .
1	in normal years , pearl millet , a mainstay crop is ready to be harvested by november .
1	of greatest importance are 90sr with a half-life of 28.78 years and 89sr with a half-life of 50.5 days .
1	by this time dürer 's engravings had attained great popularity and were being copied .
1	clade v * picea abies norway spruce .
1	he later became the maître d ' at rickey 's lounge restaurant .
1	the most commonly known fireflies are nocturnal , though there are numerous species that are diurnal .
1	the crown asked the court to increase the prison time watson must serve to two and a half years .
1	however , he rarely does anything that can be attributed to brotherly love .
1	dr. schön arrives , referring to schigolch as lulu 's father .
1	a forest is an area with a high density of trees .
1	the population of the city currently stands at over 3.4 million .
1	selsey , england , united kingdom - mostly abandoned to coastal erosion after 1043 .
1	two-time national football league mvp kurt warner once stocked shelves at a hy-vee store in cedar falls , iowa .
1	central america the last toltec king commits suicide .
1	brave new world is a novel by aldous huxley , written in 1931 and published in 1932 .
1	the soft pedal or una corda pedal is placed leftmost in the row of pedals .
1	the net force on a particle is thus equal to rate change of momentum of the particle with time .
1	small and middle-sized businesses are important for the cantonal economy .
1	the first one was observed in 1989 by nasa 's voyager 2 probe .
1	the piece , though called a bagatelle , is in rondo form .
1	only the best five of nine scores counted towards the world championship .
1	morwell is a city in central gippsland , a region in the east of victoria .
1	taxonomy is the practice and science of classification .
1	bronbeek was built early in the 19th century .
1	thompson began his junior career playing for the calgary monarchs in 1919 at the age of 16 .
1	there are claims that thousands of people were impaled at a single time .
1	no ships were impacted by the storm .
1	in reality this is the male leading the female around searching for a suitable place to deposit his spermatophore .
1	ashford is a town in the borough of ashford in kent , england .
1	middle age is the period of life beyond young adulthood but before the onset of old age .
1	the book of esther or the megillah is the basis for the jewish celebration of purim .
1	boris yeltsin died of congestive heart failure on 23 april 2007 at the age of 76 .
1	the world 's first feature film , the story of the kelly gang , is released .
1	it is a remastered version of ubuntu made with reconstructor .
1	she held the post of composer in association for the city of birmingham symphony orchestra from 1995 to 1998 .
1	the various torres strait islander communities have a distinct culture and long-standing history with the islands and nearby coastlines .
1	aphra behn died on april 16 , 1689 , and was buried in westminster abbey .
1	tunnel section commences bounds green , opened september 19 , 1932 .
1	subsequent generations of swedish americans received education in english and spoke it as their first language .
1	when she cut the thread with `` her abhorrèd shears '' , someone on earth died .
1	behavioural differences time of activity most moths are nocturnal or crepuscular while most butterflies are diurnal .
1	in 1566 , widespread protestant iconoclasm in the netherlands led to the start of the eighty years ' war .
1	it will be replaced by a new legal framework , which has been signed on june 17 , 2008 .
1	this event , the hijra , marks the beginning of the islamic calendar .
1	suleiman ii is restored as umayyad caliph of cordoba , succeeding hisham ii .
1	new pedestrian tunnels were built , which provide more room for passengers changing to and from the s-bahn .
1	medication is said to have a narrow or wide therapeutic index or therapeutic window .
1	gresso is a municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	it was created in 1945 as part of the french occupation zone .
1	then the calf will start meeting its mother for short periods at a time .
1	buttwil is a municipality in the district of muri in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
1	the yellowstone river is a tributary of the missouri river , approximately , in the western united states .
1	the ohio state college of medicine is located on the southern edge of the central campus .
1	farben lehre is a polish punk band formed in 1986 by wojciech wojda .
1	in 387 the kingdom was split between the byzantine or east roman empire and the persians .
1	fresh dashi made from dried kelp and katsuobushi is rare today , even in japan .
1	the spotted hyena 's fur is considerably shorter and spotted rather than striped .
1	however , he gave up this life in the political sphere to enter into the monastic life .
1	beyond this lay a fertile plain irrigated by the bari doab canal .
1	she is also governor of the london school of economics and the open university .
1	level 1 this is an anomaly beyond the authorized operating regime .
1	her style and her skill remains a mystery as none of her work is extant .
1	in modern times a military engineer that usually operates during battle and under fire is called a combat engineer .
1	connections with p-adic analysis from this beginning in the 1950s , a substantial theory has been built up .
1	the film also stars kevin kline , jean reno , emily mortimer and beyoncé knowles .
1	january 30 indian pacifist and leader mahatma gandhi is assassinated by nathuram godse .
1	devil-linux router/firewall/server distribution running from cd or usb .
1	she served as white house hostess and unofficial first lady of the united states from 1829 to 1836 .
1	he verbally insults and often physically assaults neil at every opportunity .
1	she is the younger sister of sky high star , danielle panabaker .
1	all performances must end before midnight ; long operas start earlier in the evening if need be .
1	neolithic in tamil nadu , the neolithic period had its advent around 2500 bce .
1	the couple are second cousins once removed through king christian ix of denmark and third cousins through queen victoria .
1	it was developed by sims and published by sony computer entertainment .
1	three ulster counties , cavan , donegal and monaghan form part of the republic of ireland .
1	kelly spent ten days in custody before the charges were dismissed .
1	law and government cabarrus county is a member of the regional centralina council of governments .
1	events and trends the treaty of ratisbon between france and england in 1684 ended the age of buccaneers .
1	pergamon in particular is a characteristic example of hellenistic architecture .
1	he died in a geneva hospital in february 1986 and was buried in sierre , switzerland .
1	many listeners were outraged by the song and its video , perceiving it as anti-christian .
1	rand became an american citizen in 1931 .
1	the battle of kosovo was an important victory for the ottomans .
1	big ben is the largest four-faced chiming clock and the third-tallest free-standing clock tower in the world .
1	margot honecker served for more than 20 years as the gdr minister for people 's education .
1	she received a gold medal from the national institute of social science .
1	during a game in 1939 , he did n't show up , causing a rift with jack adams .
1	the president would later marry edith bolling galt in 1915 .
1	the basic law also institutes the parliamentary post of the wehrbeauftragter , reporting to parliament not to the executive .
1	on june 24 , 1922 , the organization changed its title a final time to the national football league .
1	the bundesarbeitsgericht is located in the city of erfurt .
1	this second concussion ultimately proved fatal for him .
1	pan 's labyrinth was first released at the 2006 cannes film festival on may 27 , 2006 .
1	zwijndrecht is both a village and a municipality located in the flemish province of antwerp , in belgium .
1	a shuttlecock is a high-drag projectile used in the sport of badminton .
1	in particle physics , fermions are particles which obey fermi-dirac statistics ; they are named after enrico fermi .
1	it was named for george clinton , the first governor of the state of new york .
1	chateau fontainebleau in france is begun .
1	when in mayor mode players are able to advisors and see what messages that they leave .
1	sunwah linux a chinese distribution symphony os includes the mezzo desktop environment .
1	eventually , he joined the league in 1913 and became the president at the 1916 session in lucknow .
1	university of kentucky rupp coached the university of kentucky men 's basketball team from 1930 to 1972 .
1	she continued to work as an actor until 1863 , and was described as a `` theatre original '' .
1	the sims 2 is a 2004 strategic life simulation computer game developed by maxis and published by electronic arts .
1	early life holmes was born in toledo , ohio , darren crosdale .
1	june 20 dutch troops attack royal navy ships in london and chatham and burn them .
1	the system is developed and marketed by transrapid international , a joint venture of siemens ag and thyssenkrupp ag .
1	a mass rally and a student strike then closed the university for several days .
1	n.m. new m. 35 new york ny n.y. n.y. n. york 36 north carolina nc n.c. n.c. n. car .
1	after the war he moved to moscow , where between 1946 and 1948 he studied composition with genrikh litinsky .
1	background intertel is the second oldest and third largest high iq society in the world .
1	the state of campeche is a state in the south-east region of the mexican republic .
1	later that year , sun died at the age of 70 , and crown prince liang succeeded him .
1	the three periods beethoven 's compositional career is usually divided into early , middle , and late periods .
1	others the 14th century walls .
1	on 29 november 1947 , the plan was put to a vote in the united nations general assembly .
1	nearly completely surrounded by the district is the city of bonn .
1	it is the official language of the republic of armenia as well as in the region of nagorno-karabakh .
1	the head of the library is the librarian of congress , currently james h. billington .
1	hillary married june mulgrew , the widow of his close friend peter mulgrew , on 21 december 1989 .
1	be here now is the title of a 1971 book on spirituality and meditation by ram dass .
1	he has shown great animosity towards both his employer principal skinner and nemesis bart simpson .
1	although traditionally the festival focuses on bluegrass music , it often features music from a variety of genres .
1	aalter is a municipality located between bruges and ghent in the belgian province of east flanders .
1	lulusar is group of mountains near the naran valley in the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
1	hildburghausen is a town in thuringia in central germany , capital of the district hildburghausen .
1	the last kilometres may have strong , violent winds .
1	it came to be seen as an iconic symbol of the permanence of rome .
1	vehicle axles axles are an integral structural component of a wheeled vehicle .
1	speakers speakers of the bashkir language mostly live in the russian republic of bashkortostan .
1	repo man is a 1984 cult film directed by alex cox .
1	the border between saudi arabia and qatar was resolved in march 2001 .
1	autolycus ' works were translated by maurolycus in the sixteenth century .
1	her mother , irina , is russian , and her father swedish .
1	december july revolt of the ciompi discontent wool carders briefly take over the government of florence .
1	shoes in the late 19th century , soft but durable leather shoes were the preferred choice of baseball players .
1	december july 9 the naval settlement of halifax , nova scotia is founded as the british answer to louisbourg .
1	this match marked the seventh title defense of the night , the most in wrestlemania history .
1	the premier league currently consists of eight teams , and relegates to the armenian first league .
1	hod/science 1 and 2 offices are also located in the science hub .
1	the rule of achaea is sought by numerous pretenders , none of whom can be considered to have reigned .
1	in taiwan , it sold over 60,000 copies in the first 3 days it was released .
1	the most common ingredients are tempura shrimp with mushrooms and an egg cracked on top .
1	biography horie was born in katsushika , tokyo , japan .
1	if this were false , a project like wikipedia would be doomed from the beginning .
1	cape town became the legislative capital of the union , and later of the republic of south africa .
1	so far , sun has been the number one spot in taiwanese music charts for six weeks .
1	the castle was built in the thirteenth century and expanded over the years .
1	transrapid is a german high-speed monorail train using magnetic levitation .
1	the other notable spiral galaxies messier 108 and messier 109 may also be found in this other constellation .
1	history quirinus was originally most likely a sabine god of war .
1	it is originally a turkic word , qazaq , which means `` adventurer '' or `` free man '' .
1	with countess marie d'agoult in 1833 , liszt began his relationship with the countess marie d'agoult .
1	the blown-off outer layers of dying stars include heavy elements which may be recycled during new star formation .
1	history guantánamo 's architecture and culture is distinct from that of the rest of cuba .
1	the seat of the district is the town of avenches .
1	he joined the nsdap and was a member of the ss .
1	he is the only member of the seven lucky gods credited with the ability to revive the dead .
1	furthermore , he was barred from the presbyterian church as early as 1948 owing to his different religious teachings .
1	kinds of seeds there are a number of modifications to seeds by different groups of plants .
1	bus services connect it to prato , florence , campi bisenzio and barberino di mugello .
1	film richmond station was the filming location for the opening scene of the 1992 australian film romper stomper .
1	in 1878 , with the conservatives again governing , he joined the cabinet as minister of customs .
1	estimated appearance date of halley 's comet .
1	notice the coefficients are the numbers in row two of pascal 's triangle : 1 , 2 , 1 .
1	controversy the crow characters in the film are seen as african-american stereotypes .
1	somerset cc south somerset , taunton deane , west somerset , sedgemoor , mendip 3 .
1	the s2000 was introduced in 1999 for the 2000 model year and was given the chassis designation of ap1 .
1	there is a large electric power station which causes ecological problems in luchegorsk .
1	they include many of the major figures , such as odin , frigg , thor , baldr and tyr .
1	typically , the primary colors used are red , green , and blue .
1	the only restriction on selection is the `` under-21 rule '' .
1	they formed in 1988 in scarborough , ontario , a suburb of toronto .
1	gases may dissolve in liquids , for example , carbon dioxide or oxygen in water .
1	an arrow is a pointed projectile that is shot with a bow .
1	the importance of being earnest on project gutenberg the importance of being earnest - full text and reviews .
1	they are castrated so that the animal may be more docile or may put on weight more quickly .
1	the jamaat-e-islami bangladesh originates from jamaat wing in the then east pakistan .
1	they were fixed at higher levels by james i but reduced by william iv in the 1830s .
1	human cases today are very rare and most often contracted from domestic cats .
1	january 10 — the normans conquer palermo in sicily .
1	olympia is the capital city of the u.s. state of washington and the county seat of thurston county .
1	the town of gilgit is the capital of gilgit district and capital of northern areas of pakistan .
1	the slackware linux project : slackware release announcement this is the oldest distribution still in active development .
1	the state of guerrero is a state in the southern meridional region of mexico .
1	the district in its present borders was established in 1922 under the name `` altenburg '' .
1	gun dogs are classified as retrievers , flushing spaniels , and pointing breeds .
1	structure and properties of abalone shell the shell of the abalone is exceptionally strong .
1	vlad fled to moldavia until october 1451 and was put under the protection of his uncle , bogdan ii .
1	the regional capital is aosta .
1	john `` black '' caesar is generally regarded as the first bushranger .
1	saxon switzerland is a mountainous climbing area and national park near dresden in saxony , germany .
1	manga ghost in the shell : public security section 9 is established .
1	the main steam is called mangal , and its water is very important for the cultivation of the area .
1	evolution gymnotiformes are among the more derived members of ostariophysi , a lineage of primary freshwater fishes .
1	additionally , no complicated precision bombsight is needed for targeting .
1	the oceanian headquarters was founded in the 1990s in brisbane , australia .
1	the four provinces of ireland location 1 .
1	nuts are an important source of nutrients for both humans and wildlife .
1	the manavgat river originates on the southern slopes of the beydaglari range .
1	the violent femmes are an american alternative rock band , formed in milwaukee , wisconsin , in 1980 .
1	montigny-le-tilleul is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	gerpinnes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	seneffe is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	he also attains the title `` bishamonten avatar '' at a certain point .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 89,148 .
1	marie was born to king stephen of england and his wife matilda i , countess of boulogne .
1	la grand-croix is a commune in the loire department in central france .
1	it has also been confirmed that it will be released in the united states on november 17 2009 .
1	for an enterprise , both were kinds of capital .
1	on march 2 , 1972 , roll was spotted with tommy weissbecker outside a hotel in augsburg .
1	references external links mariano josé de larra in the biblioteca virtual miguel de cervantes .
1	at the beginning of 2005 , the municipalities of kiihtelysvaara and tuupovaara were consolidated with joensuu .
1	lecture theatres the administrative block houses three lecture theatres , an av theatrette and a band room .
1	overview hercules comes to the aid of a young woman who is seeking the lost city of troy .
1	traces of its traditional past remain , including camel racing and breeding .
1	history – for a distinguished book on the history of the united states .
1	melee , as one of the pokémon which can appear if a player throws a poké ball .
1	she divorced lennon in 1968 , after he left her for the artist yoko ono .
1	pont-à-celles is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	towers towers were an important feature of romanesque churches and a great number of them are still standing .
1	bad rodach is a town in the district of coburg , in northern bavaria , germany .
1	in 1845 it joined the united states as the 28th state .
1	after losing his house to his wife judith in the divorce process , he resides with charlie .
1	sv waldhof mannheim is a german football club , located in mannheim , baden-württemberg .
1	it was established by hungarian-american publisher joseph pulitzer and is administered by columbia university in new york city .
1	animals and protozoa do not have cell walls .
1	the papyrus symbolised writing because the ancient egyptians wrote on a material derived from papyrus .
1	dundee united football club is a scottish professional football club located in the city of dundee .
1	for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 98.5 males .
1	unfortunately he was expelled from nürnberg because he was against the protestants at the time of the reformation .
1	this is the basis of the trump `` one-eyed jacks and the man with the axe '' .
1	linnaeus divided each kingdom into classes , later grouped into phyla for animals and divisions for plants .
1	liverpool football club is a professional football club based in liverpool , england .
1	she mostly teaches every subject not including gym or chemistry .
1	peru is a representative democratic republic divided into 25 regions .
1	popular culture lamb of god is also the name of an american death metal band from richmond , virginia .
1	in the past 20 years or so , many new anchor designs have appeared .
1	vladimir ilyich lenin was a member from 1905 .
1	it prefers marshland , and is believed to be native to the subtropics of china .
1	welkenraedt is a walloon municipality located in the province of liège , belgium .
1	his jersey number 33 has been retired by the colorado avalanche and the montreal canadiens .
1	ulteo virtual desktop project userlinux commercial distribution that would have included gnome .
1	the truman show is a 1998 comedy-drama film directed by peter weir and written by andrew niccol .
1	a coulomb is then equal to exactly 6.241 509 629 152 65 elementary charges .
1	spvgg bayreuth is a german football club based in bayreuth , bavaria .
1	the city was founded in the 5th century ac .
1	causes and risk factors there is no single known cause for all of the different types of leukemia .
1	hochwald is a municipality in the district of dorneck in the canton of solothurn in switzerland .
1	lccn 61016040 /l/r85 budden , k. g. , `` the wave-guide mode theory of wave propagation '' .
1	link ranked first on ign 's top 10 list of video game characters who should die .
1	by topic religion olof , king of sweden , is baptized by saint sigfrid .
1	in 2003 , jeckle became a professor at the university of applied sciences in furtwangen im schwarzwald .
1	for example , the quotient of 13 ÷ 5 would be 2 while the remainder would be 3 .
1	rocks have been used by homo sapiens and other hominids for more than 2 million years .
1	the conference center is owned and managed by the christian group den kristelige menighet or brunstad christian church .
1	it is one of the official languages of israel , along with arabic .
1	see also saturnalia victory over the sun notes further reading halsberghe , l. 1972 .
1	burdinne is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	on march 24 , 2003 , carpenter gave birth to a son named donavan charles hardy .
1	in 2001 , he was enshrined in the college football hall of fame .
1	after the 2005 general election , maude returned to the shadow cabinet as chairman of the conservative party .
1	they are produced on an industrial scale and treated in different ways for preservation .
1	also in 2007 , the echo 24 luxury apartments opened on pann 's bank overlooking the river .
1	beaumont is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	dungeons & dragons version 3.5 was released in june 2003 , with a 4th edition in june 2008 .
1	fewer in numbers , the red kangaroo occupies the arid and semi-arid centre of the continent .
1	he unsuccessfully applied for the second astronaut group but was accepted for the third group .
1	flanimals is a children 's and adults ' book series written by comedian ricky gervais .
1	a government will usually have numerous ministries , each with a specialised field of providing public service .
1	the muppets are a group of puppet characters created by jim henson .
1	in 2006 , emerson began a guest starring role playing benjamin linus on the serial drama television series lost .
1	he was one of the most influential madrigalist in the middle of the 16th century .
1	meix-devant-virton is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
1	today , there are approximately between 1.5 to 2.5 million believers in forty eight countries and six continents .
1	ulysses chronicles the passage of leopold bloom through dublin during an ordinary day , june 16 , 1904 .
1	tertiary or old-age stage , where a high rate of aging leads to rapid failure .
1	she was buried at forest lawn cemetery in buffalo , new york .
1	a few species can contract their whole bodies , and many can close their oscula and ostia .
1	some arghons and shina are also settled in kargil town .
1	there are three living species , and two extinct species in this genus .
1	all species are monoecious with separate male and female flowers on the same plant .
1	she entertained numerous celebrities and foreign dignitaries such as the united kingdom 's queen elizabeth and prince charles .
1	some kashmiri speakers frequently use hindi or english as a second language .
1	however , the title-winning team was quickly split up and , in 1999 , the club were relegated .
1	the village has maintained its status as an independent entity since its incorporation in 1822 .
1	the national anthem of the netherlands , het wilhelmus , was originally a propaganda song for william .
1	front-back vowel harmony is an important feature of hungarian phonology .
1	the rigging of the chippenham by-election causes a political scandal in great britain .
1	it was released in february 2007 , although it was leaked in november 2006 .
1	tourism the main tourist destinations in the county are : the city of cluj-napoca .
1	he married a catholic princess , henrietta maria of france , over the objections of parliament and public opinion .
1	yield levels vary mainly with expectations of inflation .
1	queen consort on 9 january 1878 , humbert succeeded as the new king of italy .
1	culture today görlitz and zgorzelec , two towns on opposite banks of the narrow river , get along well .
1	two months earlier in may 1954 , bill haley & his comets recorded `` rock around the clock '' .
1	the house is managed by a director appointed by the steering committee for a four year term .
1	he is buried in the crypt of st. florian monastery church , right below his favorite organ .
1	musically , the song is notable for its guitar solo throughout as well as the instrumental outro .
1	the district is located in the zimmerberg and sihl valley region ; its capital is the town of horgen .
1	close to the england average are also redcar and cleveland and northumberland .
1	perm is served by bolshoye savino airport and hosts bakharevka air base .
1	a few example applications are provided to show how to use the framework .
1	the most common charge carriers are the positively charged proton and the negatively charged electron .
1	upminster is a suburban town in northeast london , england and part of the london borough of havering .
1	she is/was the younger sister of hanna-elise krabbe , another terrorist .
1	the united nations security council often imposes or tries to impose cease-fire resolutions on parties in modern conflicts .
1	the melody and lyrics were written by saya tin , and adopted as the burmese national anthem in 1947 .
1	it is also the largest city in the country .
1	he died just under a year later .
1	classification obligate anaerobes will die when exposed to atmospheric levels of oxygen .
1	the anterior-apex scheme can be used when the anterior-posterior scheme is inconvenient or unnecessary .
1	rich ore deposits were found in the province , and especially gold and silver were plentiful .
1	the seattle seahawks are a professional american football team based in seattle , washington , usa .
1	for guitars and similar instruments , the plectrum is a separate tool held in the player 's hand .
1	a number of species manage to live on sub-antarctic islands like south georgia and the auckland islands .
1	the crusaders capture caesarea maritima .
1	hemoglobin is the most common respiratory protein found in nature .
1	wind waves range in size from small ripples to huge rogue waves .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 44,958 .
1	second epistle of john , traditionally ascribed to the apostle john , son of zebedee .
1	early life edward was born on 13 june 1330 at woodstock palace in oxfordshire .
1	binomial names are written in latin , or other languages transliterated into latin .
1	undated the first diet of nuremberg is held .
1	port is commonly served after meals as a dessert wine , often with cheese ; commonly stilton .
1	it was believed that if you killed a water bird , you died soon after .
1	wizardry is a series of computer role-playing games , developed by sir-tech , that were popular in the 1980s .
1	the characters ' appearance in super smash bros .
1	the wind waker takes place hundreds of years after the events of ocarina of time .
1	she started skating at the age of four and has been coached by zhanna gromova since she was six .
1	the head of a county during imperial times was the magistrate .
1	slavery is abolished in sweden .
1	fexhe-le-haut-clocher is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	he takes alcmene to mount olympus and hercules is angry .
1	palin 's youngest child , trig , was prenatally diagnosed with down syndrome .
1	most storage devices that do not require vision and a brain to read data fall into this category .
1	the literal translation of the tatar word qazan is a boiler or cauldron .
1	hendrix was notorious among friends and bandmates for sometimes becoming angry and violent when he drank too much alcohol .
1	as of 2007 , the municipality had a population of 3435 .
1	she and her husband are both jewish and married in 1984 and have two children .
1	presently khans exist mostly in south asia , central asia , afghanistan , and iran .
1	however , he achieved good results with children attuned to his interests and style of teaching , especially boys .
1	the combined stream runs southwest for approximately 45 miles and joins indus river at mithankot .
1	the true jesus church is an independent christian denomination that originated in beijing , china in 1917 .
1	fernelmont is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	devanagari has been mandated as the official script .
1	brunehaut is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of hainaut .
1	the senate passes a senatus consultum restricting the reduced vigintisexviri to the ordo equester .
1	three quarters of the planet earth is covered by water .
1	a date in a calendar is a reference to a particular day represented within a calendar system .
1	while in novellara , wert married lucrezia gonzaga and raised a family ; they had at least six children .
1	forest is a small town located near sarnia , ontario in canada .
1	steel does , too , but not cast iron .
1	the program was initially distributed as shareware until nan went bankrupt in 2002 .
1	the mother is considered the `` queen '' and the daughters are `` workers '' .
1	at the age of nineteen , she left haworth working as a governess between 1839 and 1845 .
1	niuatoputapu is an island in the island nation of tonga , pacific ocean .
1	he was the last catholic monarch to reign over the kingdoms of england , scotland , and ireland .
1	there were no major hurricanes ; the next time this happened would be the 2003 season .
1	an example is the breakdown of water into hydrogen and oxygen in a process known as electrolysis .
1	vaginal lubrication is provided by the bartholin 's glands near the vaginal opening and the cervix .
1	eucrites consist of basaltic rock from the crust of 4 vesta or a similar parent body .
1	the connector was replaced and the shuttle launched during the third attempt on february 7 , 2008 .
1	king béla iv of hungary grants banská bystrica the municipal rights of a royal town .
1	the first portuguese settlers move to the madeira islands .
1	the 1995 formula one season was the 46th fia formula one world championship season .
1	etymology many counties are named after their principal town , and the expected form here would be durhamshire .
1	the cerebrum is also divided into symmetric left and right cerebral hemispheres .
1	in 1903 her father committed suicide and she returned to independence to be with her mother .
1	the american broadcasting company aired a tv film featuring maggie lawson as nancy drew in 2002 .
1	inhabitants of the canton of geneva according to their religion , on the website of statistique genève .
1	contributing authors prepare text , graphs or data for inclusion by the lead authors .
1	it is an expected behavior in a given individual social status and social position .
1	she died of appendiceal cancer at her home in switzerland at the age of 63 .
1	the music was written by santos jorge , and the lyrics by dr. jeronimo de la ossa .
1	both bridges were used for two years , until they were destroyed by allied aerial bombing .
1	mali is considered to be one of the poorest nations in the world .
1	this lead to the residential area around the building becoming known as crystal palace instead of sydenham hill .
1	in 1578 , nádasdy became the chief commander of hungarian troops , leading them to war against the ottomans .
1	law and government brunswick county is a member of the regional cape fear council of governments .
1	the tsunami imprint turned out to be unsuccessful , and the series ended at issue # 18 .
1	in recent years , the adrar des ifoghas has also become popular for treks .
1	while the biblical tree is usually interpreted as representing sensual pleasure , the bodhi tree gave pure transcendent knowledge .
1	at any time , the camp held between 13,000 and 16,000 inmates ; in 1942 the number reached 20,000 .
1	see wikipedia 's gospel of matthew and new testament articles .
1	the prelature is under the congregation for bishops .
1	they are collectively referred to as venus figurines , although they pre-date the mythological figure of venus by millennia .
1	like all synthetic elements , isotopes of einsteinium are extremely radioactive , and are considered highly toxic .
1	azuga is a small resort town nestled in the mountains of prahova county in the wallachian region of romania .
1	in september 2007 , benson signed a three-book deal with ginjer buchanan of penguin books .
1	in spite of these at-times intense persecutions , the christian religion continued its spread throughout the mediterranean basin .
1	a third game , the sims 3 , was released june 2 , 2009 .
1	oxen can pull harder and longer than horses , particularly on obstinate or almost un-movable loads .
1	career blake gained a reputation as a reliable and humorous illustrator of over 300 children 's books .
1	a herd is a large group of animals and is a form of collective animal behavior .
1	on june 27 , 1994 , the town became the seat of the roman catholic diocese of görlitz .
1	the singles winners in 2009 were rafael nadal and serena williams .
1	whoever wins 5 games is the winner of the match ; other rules are the same of pallapugno .
1	batista made his official return during the july 7 edition of smackdown !
1	east germany was a member of the warsaw pact and a close ally of the ussr .
1	samuel de champlain was part of a 1603 expedition from france that travelled into the st. lawrence river .
1	jude reads about the explosion in a liverpool newspaper and believes that lucy has also been killed .
1	charles ii of france purchases peace with vikings and rollo of normandy , then lifts his siege of paris .
1	please see individual articles for more information .
1	he died in cambridge of abdominal cancer on 5 november 1879 at the age of 48 .
1	the name of the colour is derived from the fruit , first appearing in this sense in 1542 .
1	he , however , returned to action in the gauntlet for the gold match at hard justice .
1	by the ordovician period the gastropods were a varied group present in a range of aquatic habitats .
1	sts-7 : sally ride becomes the first american woman in space , on the space shuttle challenger .
1	of them 19 games were released in the japanese market , while only 14 were released in north america .
1	the southern part of mesopotamia made up part of the fertile crescent .
1	in popular culture the urban fashion brand name evisu is named after ebisu .
1	events by place roman empire january 1 — pertinax is proclaimed roman emperor .
1	it is distinguished by its irregular shape , its chaotic rotation , and its unexplained sponge-like appearance .
1	then wozzeck comes by and tells marie of the terrible visions he has had .
1	distribution gimp is released as source code under the gnu general public license as free software .
1	october 24 — second battle of bedriacum : flavians under antonius primus defeat the vitellians .
1	rna is transcribed from dna by enzymes called rna polymerases and is generally further processed by other enzymes .
1	sport fishing is popular , and underwater divers are attracted to the area .
1	tang 's reign was regarded as a good one by the chinese .
1	cotton began his professional career playing the blues harp in howling wolf 's band in the early 1950s .
1	in the same year the first laptop-sized portable computer , the epson hx-20 , was announced .
1	the term `` newborn '' includes premature infants , postmature infants and full term newborns .
1	he played college football at indiana university .
1	johnson finally returned to elected office in 1850 , when he was elected to the kentucky house of representatives .
1	the university gallery is located on the campus of the university of north florida .
1	he was founder and eponym of the wm .
1	core concepts the universal forum of cultures monterrey 2007 revolved around 4 core concepts or axis .
1	upon maturation , the neck opens to allow sperm cells to swim into the archegonium and fertilize the egg .
1	department of primary industries , water and environment .
1	trigonometric functions are important in the study of triangles and modeling periodic phenomena , among many other applications .
1	buddhism buddhism has also incorporated the conch shell , as one of the eight auspicious symbols .
1	randolph churchill becomes secretary of state for india .
1	still in print , the 416-page book continues to be popular and has sold over one million copies .
1	from 1919 to 1926 she served as the literary editor of the crisis under w. e. b. du bois .
1	the third burmese war begins .
1	the himalayan mountains are to the north of bihar , in nepal .
1	the controller connects to the console using bluetooth and features rumble as well as an internal speaker .
1	appearances in other games wario is a playable character in super smash bros .
1	law and government clay county is a member of the regional southwestern commission council of governments .
1	a singer is a person who uses his or her voice to produce music .
1	in 1992 , alpha oumar konaré won mali 's first democratic , multi-party presidential election .
1	in its first few years of existence it was known as count nostitz ’ s theatre .
1	with the break up of czechoslovakia , moravia became a part of the czech republic in 1993 .
1	she toured with stars on ice for two seasons and competed at many professional and professional-amateur competitions .
1	the face forms a part of the human body : the front of the head .
1	in the 9th 11th centuries hungarians strengthened the old roman city walls and built a castle .
1	when the new bundestag was constituted on 18 october , however , he failed three times to be elected .
1	throughout his career , he has been the recipient of numerous awards and honors .
1	it is seat of the state museum of medieval and modern art .
1	geography to the north the canton is bound by the lake constance across which lies germany and austria .
1	ronald mcdonald is a clown character used as the primary mascot of the mcdonald 's fast-food restaurant chain .
1	great langton is a small village and civil parish in the district of hambleton , north yorkshire , england .
1	davies , p.28 federation square now occupies its site .
1	skullhead was a 1980s english rock against communism band from the newcastle area .
1	cork oaks live about 150 to 250 years .
1	the maya peoples drive spanish conquistadores out of yucatán .
1	typically this organ is located in the tail of the electric fish .
1	the panel 's approval process has been criticized for changing the product of the experts who create the reports .
1	froidchapelle is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	the bolshoi ballet in moscow and the kirov in saint petersburg remain famous throughout the world .
1	until the 1930s , however , the town was known as stuart .
1	on the april 7 , 2009 edition of ecw , long announced he was returning to smackdown !
1	park was narrowly reelected in 1967 against yoon .
1	her elder sister , mai asada , is also an elite figure skater .
1	in 1982 , he was awarded the nobel prize in literature .
1	this precipitation is one of the lowest in germany , which has an annual average close to 700 millimetres .
1	changes in philosophy and technology over time have been reflected in changes to military tactics .
1	the former borough of wilmersdorf included the localities of halensee , schmargendorf and grunewald .
1	however , don giovanni remains cheerful and tells leporello to organize a party .
1	he retained this position until 1999 , when he was succeeded by johannes rau .
1	other phenomena august , 2113 : first time pluto reaches aphelion since its discovery .
1	like almost all shelled gastropods , conches have spirally constructed shells .
1	cyrus is best known for starring as the title character in the disney channel series hannah montana .
1	the simplest turbines have one moving part , a rotor assembly , which is a shaft with blades attached .
1	rather , the teacher drilled students in the use of grammar .
1	the list is the same as that used in the 2000 season except for kirk , which replaced keith .
1	these include rivers , lakes , seas , oceans , and canals .
1	if the angle between the sides is a right angle it reduces to the pythagorean theorem .
1	the court found the business practices unusual but not illegal , and he was exonerated .
1	the office also provides support to developing nations in using space technology for economic development .
1	the chester city walls are system of largely intact defensive walls surrounding the strategically important english city of chester .
1	in addition to ranch work , some cowboys work for or participate in rodeos .
1	he currently fights as a welterweight in the ufc and in independent mma promotions in the united states .
1	geography unna is situated on the route of an ancient salt-trading route , the hellweg road .
1	they combine elements of black metal , death metal , and folk metal with finnish polka , called humppa .
1	the badeshi people there stopped using their native language completely few generations ago .
1	giovanni da verrazzano explored the east coast of north america from florida to presumably newfoundland in 1524 .
1	this mantra , known also as the maha mantra , contains the names of god krishna and rama .
1	while continuous , the world ocean can be visualized as being centered on the southern ocean .
1	this marked the first time in stanley cup play that a goalie was pulled for an extra attacker .
1	he worked at a burger king restaurant before starting his career as a professional musician .
1	if this technique is followed , the eggs should be moist in texture with a creamy consistency .
1	schmitz later killed amedure and the jury awarded amedure 's family $ 25 million usd .
1	divorcing cassidy in 1974 , she later married comic/actor marty ingels on november 13 , 1977 .
1	the `` billy graham children 's health center '' in asheville is named after and funded by graham .
1	some of the matches of the football world cup 2010 will be played at the free state stadium .
1	lünen or luenen is a town in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
1	each terminates at or near one ovary forming a structure called the fimbria .
1	south korea is a presidential republic consisting of 16 administrative divisions .
1	athens soon became the capital in spite of the independence of the communities .
1	judicial appointments supreme court harrison appointed four justices to the supreme court of the united states .
1	the port of felixstowe is the largest container port in the united kingdom .
1	geology the story begins many years ago in the cretaceous era when much of england was under the sea .
1	the tamagotchi is housed in a small and simple egg-shaped computer .
1	wedgie woman - a villain who planned to destroy captain underpants and rule the planet .
1	roman catholicism and eastern orthodoxy teach that the consecrated elements truly become the body and blood of jesus christ .
1	the infant saddam was sent to the family of his maternal uncle khairallah talfah until he was three .
1	in 1999 , the band signed an international record deal with island records .
1	the most important form of tamil painting is tanjore painting , which originated in thanjavur in the ninth century .
1	history in 2001 , berlin 's boroughs were reorganized .
1	around 1200 the frangipani family took over the colosseum and fortified it , apparently using it as a castle .
1	valdemar i of sweden , first swedish king of the folkung house , becomes king of sweden .
1	in his international career , playing for argentina , he earned 91 caps and scored 34 goals .
1	code lyoko is a french animated television series featuring both conventional animation and cgi .
1	psyche appears to be a genuine case of an exposed metallic core from a larger differentiated parent body .
1	the english playwright and poet william shakespeare is widely regarded as the greatest dramatist of all time .
1	boston was the largest town in british north america until philadelphia grew larger in the mid-18th century .
1	history the district was created in 1994 by merging the two previous districts riesa and großenhain .
1	gómez plays for bayern munich and the german national team .
1	most of the common names here so far are regional names in use in north america .
1	scene 9 : the pursuit as aschenbach crosses the waters to venice , he detects the smell of disinfectant .
1	the shockwave formed by this sudden collapse causes the rest of the star to explode in a supernova .
1	he began his career as a child actor during the mid 1990s .
1	the first performance of mozart 's setting took place at the burgtheater in vienna on january 26 , 1790 .
1	central campus was the original location of um when it moved to ann arbor in 1837 .
1	she is the author of several science-fiction and fantasy novels including the critically acclaimed farsala trilogy .
1	relationships since his first game , mario has usually had the role of saving the damsel in distress .
1	she also visits mainland of china , hong kong , malaysia and singapore frequently for promotional rounds .
1	it is the most active volcano in indonesia and has erupted regularly since 1548 .
1	braives is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	the 1924 summer olympics opening ceremonies are held in paris , france .
1	however , the prizes awarded by the lpu are not copies from the original run .
1	a sewing machine is a textile machine used to stitch fabric or other material together with thread .
1	it played a key role in adolf hitler 's rise to power in the 1920s and 1930s .
1	most turned to stealing supplies from remote settlements and travellers and fencing the stolen goods to other free settlers .
1	peridot is one of the few gemstones that occur in only one color : basically an olive green .
1	he had several operations and , in 2006 , was operated on for on a brain tumour .
1	the us survey foot and survey mile have been maintained as separate units for surveying purposes .
1	at third level hillery attended university college dublin where he qualified with a degree in medicine .
1	the former member of the swiss federal council josef escher was born in simplon .
1	to date , breckinridge is the youngest vice president in u.s. history , inaugurated at age 36 .
1	eragon was adapted into a feature film of the same name that was released on december 15 , 2006 .
1	he sent his most brilliant general khalid ibn walid to invade the persian empire in 633 .
1	byzas had consulted the oracle at delphi to ask where to make his new city .
1	axel history axel paulsen was the first skater to perform the jump named after him , in 1882 .
1	history channel encyclopedia : gallaudet , thomas hopkins gallaudet was born in philadelphia , pennsylvania .
1	dozens of rock bands were established and rock music was performed on a regular basis .
1	shortly after , angle executed an angle slam on orton and locked him in the ankle lock .
1	an ellipsoid is a type of quadric surface that is a higher dimensional analogue of an ellipse .
1	seaborgium is a synthetic element whose most stable isotope 271sg has a half-life of 1.9 minutes .
1	two years later , metric released their second studio album on october 4 , live it out .
1	following to be completed were : the chaminade library in 1971 .
1	they reached their first fa cup final in 1914 but lost 1 0 to burnley .
1	december 21 — pope honorius ii succeeds pope calixtus ii as the 163rd pope .
1	the city is across the rhine from mainz , the capital of the federal state of rhineland-palatinate .
1	on december 1 , president-elect obama formally announced that clinton would be his nominee for secretary of state .
1	in the weary blues , the poem is dedicated to w. e. b. du bois .
1	in january 2006 , the pair won their third consecutive national title and qualified for the olympics .
1	lunar new year january 31 muslim new year .
1	gretzky 's trade to the kings popularized ice hockey in the united states .
1	elemental fluorine is the most chemically reactive and electronegative of all the elements .
1	non governmental and intergovernmental organizations may be allowed to attend as observers .
1	meanwhile , workers at a ford plant in sichuan were evacuated for about 10 minutes .
1	transport road the m1 motorway serves all of the county towns with the exception of lincoln .
1	it is a soft , pungent , washed rind cheese made from cow 's milk .
1	the brookfield zoo is a zoo located in the chicago suburb of brookfield , illinois .
1	notable buildings in malabo include malabo cathedral , malabo government building and the malabo court building .
1	he served as president of the german supreme court from 1922 - 1929 .
1	today , arabian bloodlines are found in almost every modern breed of riding horse .
1	the angels are a member of the western division of major league baseball 's american league .
1	his most famous publication was the nuremberg chronicle , published in 1493 in german and latin editions .
1	biography sarah mclachlan was born on , and adopted in halifax , nova scotia .
1	religion the religion of teotihuacan is similar to those of other mesoamerican cultures .
1	scuba diving for abalone is allowed and has a rich history in australia .
1	the castle church in wittenberg is begun .
1	in fact , it was not until the 1970s that these photographs of auschwitz were looked at carefully .
1	examples traditionally , a grand duchy , such as luxembourg , was generally independent and sovereign .
1	a complex sentence consists of at least one independent clause and one dependent clause .
1	piper subsequently decided to take a break from the music industry and concentrate on acting .
1	euler made important discoveries in fields as diverse as calculus and graph theory .
1	the name of the collection is egérie and it is the first one to include watches for women .
1	mutafian , p.61 leo died in 1289 , and was succeeded by his son hetoum ii .
1	pre-columbian art and archaeology , 33 .
1	relationship with annette vallon in november 1791 , wordsworth visited revolutionary france and became enthralled with the republican movement .
1	frameries is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	skaters wear similar gloves on each hand , while goaltenders wear gloves of different types on each hand .
1	there is also a relatively new causeway—the japanese causeway—that links south tarawa to betio , out of south tarawa .
1	its natural habitats are swamps and freshwater marshes .
1	most days with the yellow jersey in the tour de france : 96 .
1	his liberal views were causing him a great deal of trouble from the establishment in hungary .
1	employer an employer is a person or institution that hires employees or workers .
1	there is a granite memorial to simpson near the spot where he died , paid for by british cyclists .
1	an earthquake in cilicia kills an estimated 60,000 people .
1	it is generally added at the last moment , as cooking quickly destroys the flavour .
1	kurwenal appears in the women ’ s quarters and announces that tristan has agreed to see isolde after all .
1	za dengel is deposed as emperor of ethiopia by za sellase , who restores his cousin yaqob .
1	logone occidental was one of the 14 prefectures of chad .
1	among its most prominent figures were joseph bates , james white , and ellen g. white .
1	the school has its own chapel and an auditorium .
1	early skyscrapers the first skyscraper was the ten-storey home insurance building in chicago , built in 1884–1885 .
1	alarmed , king frederick william iv agreed to convene a national assembly and grant a constitution .
1	disney channel received a special citation from the united states president ronald reagan in 1984 .
1	links and references based on a 1911 encyclopedia article .
1	west , w. j. the larger evils – nineteen eighty-four , the truth behind the satire .
1	geography the district consists of hilly countryside between the rivers of the danube and the iller .
1	this reformation caused a significant alteration in the forecast models , which now indicated a landfall in louisiana .
1	they are part of france and the european union , though special eu rules apply to them .
1	padangbai is a small town in eastern bali , indonesia near candidasa .
1	hence the sun appears as a very bright ring , or annulus , surrounding the outline of the moon .
1	many christians believe that the sermon on the mount is a form of commentary on the ten commandments .
1	ming rule saw the construction of a vast navy and a standing army of one million troops .
1	in kalevala , the mistress of pohjola is louhi , an evil witch of great power .
1	the ilama fruit is either eaten on the half-shell or scooped out with a tool .
1	zulte is a belgian municipality located in flanders and in the flemish province of east flanders .
1	winners are awarded with a golden horse statuette during a broadcast ceremony .
1	the calamine from the ore mine breinigerberg was used exclusively in stolberg for the production of brass .
1	wessel was described as a dandy , and he was a millionaire by inheritance .
1	current variants simplymepis , the most popular mepis variant , is designed for everyday desktop and laptop computing .
1	owls are variable-sized , typically night-specialized hunting birds .
1	they were merged in 1994 in order to form the present district .
1	with the approval of the occupation forces , the new mayor of laubach made kellner deputy mayor .
1	in australia , cowboy bebop was first broadcast on pay-tv in 2002 on cartoon network 's adult swim .
1	yedisan crimean tatars traded there in the 14th century .
1	but it would be a mistake to assume that qin music is devoid of rhythm and melody .
1	education he graduated from the belgrade music academy in 1945 and continued his education in paris .
1	the film was released on dvd by paramount home entertainment on november 21 , 2006 .
1	dougie arnott , a former striker for motherwell f.c . currently resides in carluke .
1	frogs and salamanders are also affected by light pollution .
1	it won seven oscars , including best picture and best director .
1	it was formed from the 2004 union of the villages of agra , gentilino , and montagnola .
1	history in 1998 , kobuchi and kuroda met each other in sakai and formed kobukuro .
1	it is manufactured by corner shot holdings , llc , a company headed in miami with offices in israel .
1	the topping is frequently sweetened with sugar and flavoured or topped with a puree or compote of fruit .
1	he also has other enemies and rivals , including donkey kong and wario .
1	any live cell with two or three live neighbours lives on to the next generation .
1	the flowers are purple , 3-4 mm long , produced in erect spikes .
1	it includes several subfamilies , all of which are native to either continental africa or to madagascar .
1	the french fleet is virtually destroyed and both commanders are among the casualties .
1	sense and sensibility is a novel by the english novelist jane austen .
1	governor-general of india in 1786 cornwallis was appointed governor-general and commander in chief in india .
1	one silkair flight was diverted and landed in nearby kunming as a result .
1	this park is known for being home to bald eagles .
1	kevin bacon himself has a bacon number of 0 .
1	six games in the series were developed by core design , and the latest three by crystal dynamics .
1	in 1935 , kolmogorov became the first chairman of probability theory at the moscow state university .
1	the pds threatened to quit the government after the revelations about lenihan .
1	sepehri died in pars hospital in tehran of leukemia .
1	its capital is the city of arta .
1	satellite system sylvia is orbited by two small moons .
1	the current release is named 2009.1 spring and was released in april 2009 .
1	events and trends 1541 hernando de soto was the first known european to see the mississippi river .
1	roman catholic church the roman catholic church makes a distinction between full and partial communion .
1	it was divided into twenty districts called nomes , the first of which was at el-lisht .
1	he died in antwerp on 15 march 1628 and was buried in the cemetery next to the cathedral .
1	he traveled throughout the united states and europe as an evangelist for yfci .
1	since 2000 , the team has played at comerica park .
1	the district was badly affected by the 2005 kashmir earthquake rmc.org .
1	hartley is a village and civil parish in the sevenoaks district of kent , england .
1	in 1829 the city was handed over to the austrian branch of the este family .
1	lisa marie simpson is a fictional main character in the animated television series the simpsons .
1	it is most common among males aged 15–40 years , particularly those in their mid-twenties .
1	he named his discovery van diemen 's land after anthony van diemen , governor-general of the dutch east indies .
1	another is further inland between the river thur and the river murg .
1	the king was the town 's mayor until the historic village of lietzow was incorporated into charlottenburg in 1720 .
1	a cockatoo is any of the 21 bird species belonging to the family cacatuidae .
1	danny phantom is an american animated television series created by butch hartman for nickelodeon , produced by billionfold studios .
1	a webcast is a media file distributed over the internet using streaming media technology .
1	the incumbent vice president is joe biden , previously the senior u.s. senator from the state of delaware .
1	it is a largely ceremonial position with only a small role in daily politics .
1	choijin lama monastery another is the gandan monastery , which dates to the 19th century .
1	eastern roman empire august — the usurper basiliscus is deposed and zeno is restored as eastern roman emperor .
1	the succeeding free state of saxe-altenburg was incorporated into the new state of thuringia in 1920 .
1	these organizations became operational in 1945 after a sufficient number of countries had ratified the agreement .
1	a greater priority to latin america and the caribbean has been given in the administration of president felipe calderón .
1	administrative units of district abbottabad it is located in the south west of the district .
1	former canadian prime minister paul martin is of métis ancestry through his maternal line .
1	three out of eight members of each senate must have served as a judge of a federal supreme court .
1	they generally have a high melting point and tend to be soluble in water .
1	the sultan ahmed mosque has become one of the most popular tourist attractions in istanbul .
1	curtis joseph tied his record for the most career losses in the nhl with 352 .
1	magnetic field due to moving charges and electrical currents all moving charges produce magnetic fields .
1	when a usb device is first connected to a usb host , the usb device enumeration process is started .
1	a bishopric is established in nitro .
1	usually instant soups , especially instant noodles , are dried , canned , or treated by freezing .
1	it was founded by jimmy wales and underwritten by bomis , with larry sanger as editor-in-chief .
1	early life henry was born between may 1068 and may 1069 , probably in selby in yorkshire .
1	it is considered one of the seven wonders of the ancient world .
1	in the same year , they held a joint concert with korean r & b singer kim jo-han .
1	a two-way radio dropped by one of stuart 's men tips mcclane off that esperanza is landing .
1	later , in 1979 , he participated in luna park by enzo trapani , and fantastico .
1	biography early life aki 's father is japanese and her mother is italian-american .
1	following his elevation , muawiyah moved the capital of the caliphate to damascus .
1	the yucca moth lays its eggs in the yucca plant at the same time pollinating it .
1	swilling had a series of canals built which followed those of the ancient native american system .
1	december july 2 : fight at alford , aberdeenshire .
1	he developed the ideas of keynesian economics , and advocated government intervention to stabilize output and avoid recessions .
1	lenzburg and the neighbouring municipalities of niederlenz and staufen have grown together in an agglomeration .
1	human embryos reach the blastocyst stage 4–5 days post fertilization , at which time they consist of 50–150 cells .
1	it is also within easy reach of the historical cities of seville and cádiz .
1	it is a linux distribution based on kanotix , which is based on debian gnu/linux testing .
1	the oboe is a double reed musical instrument of the woodwind family .
1	in pakistan , the desert covers eastern sindh province and the southeastern portion of pakistan 's punjab province .
1	cameron 's wife noble also starred in the film series , playing hattie durham .
1	most visibly , there were numerous improvements in other human rights , such as the freedom of speech .
1	center of inquiry in the liberal arts , 2004 .
1	these arches create a rich and lively effect when used for window tracery and surface decoration .
1	the vedas are some of the oldest extant texts , next to those of egypt and mesopotamia .
1	bristol 's city centre suffered severe damage from luftwaffe bombing during the bristol blitz of world war ii .
1	the lake bichelsee is located in the municipality .
1	region is most commonly a geographical term that is used in various ways among the different branches of geography .
1	larger jewelry is then pushed through , parallel to the back of the taper .
1	her first book , child whispers , a collection of poems , was published in 1922 .
1	their rivalries had contributed to their defeat in the 1981 and 1988 elections .
1	leipziger land is a former district in the free state of saxony , germany .
1	tom and jerry : the magic ring is a 2001 animated direct-to-video feature starring tom and jerry .
1	this form vaguely resembles a xenomorph from the alien film series , particularly in skull structure .
1	salvia barellieri etlinger salvia bifidocalyx salvia blepharophylla brandegee ex epling salvia blogdettii chapm .
1	abortion incidence in the united states declined 8 % from 1996 to 2003 .
1	internal audit aims at providing information for management usage , and is typically carried out by employees .
1	at approximate 12 miles in length , it is one of the longest rivers in the hawaiian islands .
1	the worldwide headquarters of the church of scientology is located in downtown clearwater , florida .
1	it was first released in japan for the nintendo 64 on april 14 , 2001 .
1	goya submitted entries for the royal academy of fine art in 1763 and 1766 , but was denied entrance .
1	such organisms are not defined as autotrophic , but rather as heterotrophic .
1	the supreme court building 's facilities include : in the basement : maintenance facilities , garage , on-site mailroom .
1	the rhön mountains are a popular tourist destination and walking area .
1	he eventually wound up creating the ship in the image of a firefly .
1	death john died around 25 november 1314 at his family 's château at hélicourt in france .
1	nine types of wood are commonly placed into a traditional wiccan balefire .
1	macbeth is a tragedy by william shakespeare about a regicide and its aftermath .
1	mccain served as the navy 's liaison to the u.s. senate beginning in 1977 .
1	port arthur was sold as an inescapable prison , much like the later alcatraz island in the united states .
1	enid and lawton host professional basketball teams in the usbl and the cba .
1	booted eagles have legs and feet feathered to the toes and build very large stick nests .
1	he is also known for making nicene christianity the official state religion of the roman empire .
1	a common theme throughout the song is the desire to strive for a united africa .
1	nevertheless , what appears random to one observer may not appear random to another observer .
1	robertstown is a small village situated on the banks of the grand canal in county kildare , ireland .
1	this event helps lead the united states to declare war on spain .
1	the main building was designed by architect lev vladimirovich rudnev .
1	that same year , the two had a son , singer and actor jaycee chan .
1	he is the former ceo of def jam recordingspitchfork : jay-z leaves def jam presidency and roc-a-fella records .
1	the first large-scale bronze cast was finished in 1902 , but not presented to the public until 1904 .
1	the 1987 formula one season was the 38th season of formula one motor racing .
1	the most notable of these is the silkworm , the larva of the domesticated moth bombyx mori .
1	oxen are most often used in teams of two , paired , for light work such as carting .
1	the soundtrack was released on may 20 , 1997 .
1	during this short time it was considered to be the most powerful state in the roman east .
1	the name rotterdam derives from a dam in the rotte river .
1	afterwards he became a lawyer in bremen , and in 1955 he joined the cdu .
1	she has won nine u.s. championships , five world championships , and two olympic medals .
1	she fails to do so , but promises to kill a thousand of his people every day .
1	the real trial began on 30 may 2001 , a month after monica coghlan 's death .
1	it traced stuart 's route and opened up the interior for permanent settlement .
1	eventually they had the dwarves make them a magical ribbon called gleipnir .
1	demographics in 2004 , the municipality of cienfuegos had a population of 163,824 .
1	beyonce sued for copyright infringement track listing title !
1	construction of the dome of the rock is started in jerusalem .
1	romney was a candidate for the republican nomination in the 2008 united states presidential election .
1	joubert reclaimed his european title at the 2007 european figure skating championships .
1	the development project and its products are named after the gentoo penguin .
1	couvin is a walloon municipality and town located in belgium in the province of namur .
1	farming is mostly concerned with the raising of shetland sheep , shetland sheep known for their unusually fine wool .
1	rolling stock munich u-bahn uses three different generations of electric multiple unit trains .
1	the books were later adapted into a television series and a feature film .
1	mysterio reacted by saying that he would fight anyone at anytime .
1	without such a termination condition a recursion would go on forever .
1	he is best-known for the left behind series of apocalyptic fiction , which he co-wrote with jerry b. jenkins .
1	the peace and prosperity created under leadership of guptas enabled the pursuit of scientific and artistic endeavors in india .
1	most ibadi muslims live in oman .
1	the city was the scene of fierce fighting in the late 1990s .
1	pokémon yellow , a special edition version , was released roughly a year later in each region .
1	according to some studies , the most frequently reported type of incest is father-daughter incest .
1	line l1 is called the `` light metro '' .
1	the new orleans saints are a professional american football team based in new orleans , louisiana .
1	he died on february 22 , 1512 in seville , spain .
1	she first appeared in an advertisement when she was eleven months old .
1	american civil war : the battle of plymouth begins – confederate forces attack plymouth , north carolina .
1	the trencavel family takes over in carcassonne .
1	he has played forty times for the polish national football team .
1	the following are lists from which these tropical and subtropical cyclone names are derived .
1	the surname bannerman was added to his surname in 1871 as required by his maternal uncle 's will .
1	on 25 february 2003 , the coast guard was placed under the department of homeland security .
1	his father was terah , and his brothers were nahor and haran .
1	dorset cc weymouth and portland , west dorset , north dorset , purbeck , east dorset , christchurch 9 .
1	in addition to slaves , there were a number of free people of color in the state .
1	döbeln is a former district in the free state of saxony , germany .
1	the town of l'agulhas is located near to the cape .
1	another bomb near warrenpoint , northern ireland kills 18 british soldiers .
1	they won their first stanley cup during the 2005–06 season , beating the edmonton oilers four games to three .
1	rome reacted to this apparent violation of the treaty and demanded justice from carthage .
1	fuller theological seminary , located in pasadena , california , is the largest multi-denominational seminary in the world .
1	in new zealand english and some areas of australian english , swimsuits are usually called togs or bathers .
1	prost scored 105 points during the year , but only 87 points were counted toward the championship .
1	the term volcanology is derived from the latin word vulcan , the roman god of fire .
1	dedre gentner 's publications page , most of them on analogy and available for download .
1	melillo is still active and thus would remove himself from this list if he plays future major league games .
1	habitat evaluation and reintroduction planning for the endangered palos verdes blue butterfly .
1	archived from the original on march 10 , 2007 .
1	many tropical plants depend for their seeds to be distributed entirely by bats .
1	kimi räikkönen replaced him at ferrari from the start of the 2007 season .
1	the weft thread is wound onto spools called bobbins .
1	jacques cartier departs from saint-malo , france on his third voyage .
1	sunrise won an academy award for unique and artistic production at the first ever oscar ceremony in 1929 .
1	ardennes is a department in the northeast part of france named after the ardennes area .
1	iguanas have excellent vision and are able to see shapes , shadows , color and movement at long distances .
1	the term soft roe or white roe denotes fish milt .
1	in 1988 , roraima became a state by decision of the national congress .
1	the regions also vary greatly in size , both in their areas covered and their populations .
1	the current weight limit for the division is 200 pounds .
1	m. schäfer , q. leng , r. schreiber , k. takanashi , p. grünberg , w. zinn .
1	convicts would be transported by private sector merchants and auctioned off to plantation owners upon arrival in the colonies .
1	whedon , serenity : the official visual companion , pp.21 , 24 .
1	within singapore , the national flag takes precedence over all other flags , subject to international practice .
1	victorian kelvedon was set along one street - the high street .
1	ski facilities airolo is also a small ski-resort with 30km of prepared slopes .
1	cena took part in the 2005 royal rumble match , making it to the final two .
1	though controversial , the diminutive o'kelly was widely seen as a genuine and honest , albeit tactless .
1	first published on 28 january 1813 , it was her second published novel .
1	an oratorio is a large musical composition including an orchestra , a choir , and soloists .
1	history of the german-speaking community thus they also became known as the cantons rédimés , `` redeemed cantons '' .
1	peace is declared between the kingdom of sicily and the kingdom of naples .
1	events of 1686 may 4 – the municipality of ilagan is founded in the philippines .
1	before his pro career , hicks played for the university of michigan .
1	khorasan , north bojnourd 820,918 6 on 29 september 2004 , khorasan was divided into three provinces .
1	he is an honoured member of the hockey hall of fame .
1	she graduated as valedictorian of plains high school and then attended georgia southwestern college , but later dropped out .
1	he was a child prodigy and at age 15 he had his first compositions published .
1	it took years before the agreement was revealed to be a joke .
1	the film was produced and directed by francis ford coppola from a script by coppola and john milius .
1	in 1885 , an elevated station just north of swan street was opened with six platforms .
1	prince andrey bogolyubskiy sacks the kievan rus ' capital kiev and makes vladimir the capital .
1	for example , at henry viii 's death in 1547 , an inventory of his possessions included 76 recorders .
1	in june selected members of the orchestra played for an hour on the main pyramid stage at glastonbury festival .
1	most broadly , it refers to the entire mountain range with its surrounding hills and the dissected plateau region .
1	the governor of cordoba , abdul rahman al ghafiqi , is killed during the battle .
1	kiwi are flightless birds endemic to new zealand , in the genus apteryx and family apterygidae .
1	in the united states , fight songs are especially popular for college and high school sports .
1	the organization existed for approximately two centuries in the middle ages .
1	the wario series is a series of video games created by nintendo starring the character wario .
1	the last of the arabs are expelled from sicily .
1	it is the national bird of uruguay , where it is called tero .
1	hastière is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	arms trafficking is most widespread in regions of political turmoil , but is not limited to such areas .
1	he made his return on the august 27 episode of raw beating kennedy by disqualification after umaga interfered .
1	according to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 39,259 .
1	this area includes most of what is now clark county .
1	the sci fi channel premiered its new flash gordon series in the united states on august 10 , 2007 .
1	she is partnered with her sister , suzanne todd , in a production company called team todd .
1	the graph to the right plots the results of an experiment of rolls of a die .
1	by august 1462 radu had struck a deal with the hungarian crown .
1	typically when describing the physical device the term 'engine ' is used .
1	the peruzzi chapel was especially renowned during renaissance times , and michelangelo is known to have studied it .
1	these aquatic mammals are related to whales and porpoises .
1	sociology dark blue represents knowledge , power , integrity , and seriousness .
1	common testing procedures include amniocentesis , sonograms , nuchal translucency ultrasound , serum marker testing , or genetic screening .
1	one of the proponents of full regional autonomy for the german-speaking community is the current minister-president karl-heinz lambertz .
1	early life edward viii was born on 23 june 1894 , at white lodge in richmond , england .
1	he died before 762 , as stated in an act of his daughter and son-in-law .
1	events europe william i of england invades scotland , and also receives the submission of hereward the wake .
1	vresse-sur-semois is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of namur .
1	he also cited his cousin-in-law , muddy waters , as an influence .
1	tekken is a fighting game and is the first of the series of the same name .
1	national sport stadium national sports stadium is the main sporting venue .
1	asia baekje invades the outskirts of silla in the korean peninsula .
1	united states national guard helicopters spray skin-stinging powder on anti-war protesters in california .
1	the season officially began on june 1 , 1983 , and lasted until november 30 , 1983 .
1	a stone circle is an ancient monument of standing stones .
1	next to her walks flora , the goddess of spring , who is scattering flowers .
1	undertaker took the advantage and hit henry with a last ride .
1	the lady raiders women 's basketball team won the 1993 women 's national championship .
1	tourism these mountains are a popular tourist destination .
1	the main river is the river that names the county - the prahova river .
1	the capital of the district is the town of brugg .
1	building codes will typically specify certain measurements so that the stairs are not too steep or narrow .
1	young was born in gilmore , a tiny farming community located in washington township , tuscarawas county , ohio .
1	she became the first first lady of the united states to be a candidate for elected office .
1	cone monochromacy is the condition of having both rods and cones , but only a single kind of cone .
1	physical intimacy is characterized by romantic or passionate love and attachment , or sexual activity .
1	law and government durham county is a member of the regional triangle j council of governments .
1	white oleander is a 1999 novel by american author janet fitch .
1	culture the tuvan people are famous for their throat singing .
1	originally started as an independent service in 1996 , it became part of the msn family in 1997 .
1	using a jetski , the mariner chases down the exxon valdez and boards it .
1	the photo would later win a pulitzer prize and become the model for the national usmc war memorial .
1	he next played the starring role in the television series walker , texas ranger from 1993 to 2001 .
1	the royal burgh of north berwick is a seaside town in east lothian , scotland .
1	the kingdom of prussia captures jihlava .
1	aesculus hippocastanum is a large deciduous tree , commonly known as horse-chestnut or conker tree .
1	law and government bertie county is a member of the mid-east commission regional council of governments .
1	soon soviet-occupied berlin and western-occupied berlin had entirely separate city administrations .
1	vanilla is a flavoring derived from orchids of the genus vanilla native to mexico .
1	on 23 may 1986 , the island line was extended to sheung wan station .
1	marin hinkle as judith melnick , alan 's vindictive , self-absorbed , and humorless ex-wife .
1	clarke was born in elora , ontario , son of a prominent ontario parliamentarian .
1	as of may 2009 , elaheh and ghazale are college students .
1	the village is located above lago di vogorno , a reservoir formed by the verzasca dam .
1	a public institution , the university of bangui monopolizes non-agricultural college education in the central african republic .
1	a movie projector is an opto-mechanical device for displaying moving pictures by projecting them on a projection screen .
1	in 1772 , at age 29 jefferson married the 23-year-old widow martha wayles skelton .
1	the central australian football league has several teams and a high participation rate .
1	monpazier is a commune in the dordogne department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
1	the word comes from spanish caldera , and this from latin caldaria , meaning `` cooking pot '' .
1	origanum species are used as food plants by the larvae of some lepidoptera species including coleophora albitarsella .
1	the work is divided into three parts which address specific events in the life of christ .
1	becoming effective on november 1 , 2003 the district was renamed from erftkreis to rhein-erft-kreis .
1	military history agha petros defeated the turks in sauj bulak and drove them back to rowanduz .
1	when the organist activates the stop control , the action allows wind to flow into the selected rank .
1	named for local rapids , the city grew around the french military post on the ubangi river .
1	the regional capital is poitiers .
1	a number of religious cults have included castration as a central theme of their practice .
1	other sources suggest numbers reaching up to 20,000 killed or missing , with the most likely number approaching 10,000 .
1	biography early life safina was born in moscow , russia to tatar parents .
1	act 3 the wedding hall the count mulls over the situation , confused by the preceding events .
1	she first gained popularity in playboy , becoming the 1993 playmate of the year .
1	undated the french estates-general meets for the last time before the era of the french revolution .
1	etterbeek is one of the nineteen municipalities located in the brussels-capital region of belgium .
1	there are two large caves giving access to the sea , as well as a crater .
1	per capita , more people in scotland watch their domestic top level league than any other nation in europe .
1	the french car manufacturer psa began construction of a large automobile plant in trnava in 2003 .
1	the former city of rochester rochester was recognised as a city from 1211 to 1998 .
1	all the stores closed within weeks of the announcement .
1	dorothy continued to live with the couple and grew close to mary .
1	transpiration also cools plants and enables mass flow of mineral nutrients and water from roots to shoots .
1	santa clara was the capital of historical las villas and still capital of villa clara .
1	eve makes a cameo appearance in the music video .
1	soon they were replaced by acacias , peracos and almond trees that adorned the parks and roadsides .
1	it represents a single entity , the unit of counting or measurement .
1	chinese rock reached a peak of creativity and popularity between 1990 and 1993 .
1	it is recognised as an official language in nunavut and the northwest territories .
1	the double standard view is the official position of the roman catholic church .
1	the accession of bulgaria to the european union took place on 1 january 2007 .
1	under this provision , cooperative restaurants , shops , and manufacturers became part of the soviet scene .
1	albertus magnus is beatified , and teresa of avila is canonized , by the roman catholic church .
1	shaw had long suffered from adult onset diabetes and eventually died of complications of the disease at age 94 .
1	directorate ijsselmeer region — the administration responsible for maintaining most of the zuiderzee works .
1	it was founded in 1966 on a bank of kontrovod river .
1	boyz ii men is a grammy award-winning american boy band from philadelphia , pennsylvania .
1	pallone is often played on courts marked out on town streets .
1	how much less depends on the type of raid .
1	the stadium plays host to the home matches of scottish premier league club motherwell .
1	volunteers also set up several websites to help store contact information for victims and evacuees .
1	são tomé is centred on a sixteenth century cathedral .
1	because of its vast dimensions , it is sometimes called the river sea .
1	he is credited with creating the name `` pakistan '' for a separate muslim homeland on the south asia .
1	after being attacked by an angry ex-girlfriend , taverner awakens in a dingy los angeles hotel room .
1	san gimignano is a small walled medieval hill town in the province of siena , tuscany , north-central italy .
1	sindhi music , regional music of sindh , pakistan .
1	beliefs about the soul and afterlife focused heavily on preservation of the body .
1	part of the clan disputes of the heian period .
1	boxing , amateur wrestling , puroresu , mixed martial arts and fencing are examples of combat sports .
1	the following is a list of cantons of france , within each department : !
1	celtic park is a football stadium in the parkhead area of glasgow in scotland .
1	ummerstadt is a town in the district of hildburghausen , in thuringia , germany .
1	wisconsin 's capital is madison , and its largest city is milwaukee .
1	geography la habana province has borders with the city of havana , pinar del rio , and matanzas .
1	orange is a provincial city in new south wales , australia .
1	the cardiovascular system and the lymphatic system collectively make up the circulatory system .
1	yushchenko claimed that he had been poisoned by government agents .
1	soon after the dissipation of beryl , tropical storm chris formed in the gulf of mexico on september 9 .
1	it is officially a neighborhood in the adalar district of istanbul , turkey .
1	wells cathedral is the cathedral of the church of england diocese of bath and wells .
1	the solms castle has one of the largest private libraries in europe , with over 120,000 titles .
1	a small strip of tropical rainforest runs down the coast .
1	some linguists believe the turkic languages to be a part of a larger altaic language family .
1	europa 's subsurface ocean of water was later indirectly confirmed by the spacecraft galileo .
1	his primary success on the tour has been in men 's doubles .
1	january 6 catholic day of the epiphany movable .
1	she died at her home in south pasadena , california on march 14 , 1918 .
1	most of the new city 's banking and financial centres were headquartered in the port area .
1	the mesa grande indian reservation was evacuated due to the witch fire .
1	using certain templates hides wikitext from newcomers , which prevents them from learning how to use it .
1	in appearance it looks like a smaller version of the large white .
1	early life paul martin was born in windsor , ontario .
1	the neighboring talmudic school was demolished so that other new buildings would keep the view of the beach nearby .
1	malaria is one of the most common infectious diseases and an enormous public health problem .
1	in italy they are present mainly in piedmont region , with some communities in veneto as well .
1	he returned as the white ranger in season two , and became the team 's leader .
1	goth defends him by attacking and eating the owl , and introduces himself and where he is going .
1	the generous art/craft/science lab and the senior classroom winters building was opened in 1979 .
1	aloch is the central town and is the tehsil and subdivision headquarters .
1	in 2002 , both russia and china also had prison populations in excess of 1 million .
1	religion chelmsford cathedral is the second smallest cathedral in england after derby cathedral .
1	during the next years , phelps tried to build a theory to determine endogenously the natural rate of unemployment .
1	it is one of only a handful of native american languages with over a million speakers .
1	the east asian calligraphic tradition originated and developed from china , specifically the writing of chinese characters .
1	they tend to live in herds and will eat less coarse , easily digestible plants and leaves .
1	protein biosynthesis , although very similar , is different for prokaryotes and eukaryotes .
1	the counties of england are territorial divisions of england for the purposes of administrative , political and geographical demarcation .
1	it can be used as a container to hold solutions of chemicals .
1	bates college is a private liberal arts college located in lewiston , maine , in the united states .
1	the couple continued to live at the hermitage until shortly before the civil war when they moved to mississippi .
1	after the united nations lie remained active in norwegian politics after his resignation from the un .
1	before the transfer , the brazilian federal district used to be the municipality of rio de janeiro .
1	religious diversity in pennsylvania pennsylvania 's population in 2000 was 12,281,054 .
1	the american occupation , with economic and political assistance , continued well into the 1950s .
1	he is especially known for his series the knickerbocker gang and his stories about the talking bike tom turbo .
1	fenrir will remain bound until the day of ragnarök .
1	from his appointment in 1527 until his death in 1562 , he retained the post at st. mark 's .
1	this decline was stopped and reversed by the gaa and the irish national gaelic revival .
1	dgamer is accessible via the nintendo wi-fi connection or computer via the dgamer channel on disney.com .
1	beauraing is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	the war between the british and first french empires stretched around the world .
1	it is a state function of a system , and is an extensive quantity .
1	this limestone is rich in fossils , in particular fossilised sea urchins .
1	wikipedia : introduction is a gentle introduction to the world of wikipedia .
1	oldest national anthem there is some international confusion concerning the oldest anthem in the world .
1	this split the tigers into two groups which then went on to develop independently .
1	the 1992 formula one season was the 43rd fia formula one world championship season .
1	during their tenure , the weinstein brothers ran miramax independently of other disney companies .
1	it was also on the london sunday times best-seller list for more than four years .
1	laboratory equipment refers to the various tools and equipment used by scientists working in a laboratory .
1	the town is located on the inlet of neuwarp bay on the southern shore of the szczecin lagoon .
1	his work was first translated into english in 1771 by william jones .
1	it was possibly of high significance during the iron age as it has two natural springs .
1	andenne is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of namur .
1	overview the district contains the tierpark berlin in friedrichsfelde , the larger of berlin 's two zoological gardens .
1	fleurus is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	biography early life hof lives in the hessian town of rodgau , where she attended a realschule .
1	friederike krabbe 31 may 1950 - friederike krabbe was born in bad bentheim .
1	this means that the uncertainty principle is related to the observer effect , with which it is often conflated .
1	during mysterio 's entrance , p.o.d . performed mysterio 's music entrance live .
1	other notions such as that of writing likely developed individually in each area .
1	candice only licenses under the cc-by-sa license .
1	hooker spent most of the 1960s playing in chicago clubs with his band , often with junior wells .
1	braxton has won six grammy awards and has sold over 40 million records worldwide .
1	monopoly , where there is only one provider of a product or service .
1	transportation was eventually abolished in 1868 .
1	the hopewell tradition of north america ceases to be the dominant culture .
1	hudson was never seen again and his fate is not known .
1	trebuchets were far more accurate than other medieval catapults .
1	history of the glarus families - the luchsingers oberblegisee is located in the municipality .
1	december december 2 the pennsylvania journal first appears in print in the united states .
1	predators in the wild include birds of prey , skunks , felines , snakes and canines .
1	salazar , a fierce integralist , was determined to retain control of portugal 's colonies .
1	these markets will quickly respond to changes in supply and demand to find an equilibrium price and quantity .
1	but as a result of his research during two years , he has collected only about one hundred words .
1	finite is the opposite of infinite .
1	they considered this so comical that they laughed heartily at the sight .
1	childhood andy warhol was born in pittsburgh , pennsylvania .
1	law , government and politics charlotte has a council-manager form of government .
1	as now circumscribed , there are about 650 genera and more than 13,000 species in rubiaceae .
1	stoneferry bridges sutton road bridge ennerdale link bridges on raich carter way .
1	bowdon is a city in carroll county , georgia , united states .
1	like the rest of greenland , nuuk is populated today by both inuit and danes .
1	in 1850 's a number of meteorites were unearthed in the area .
1	grooves are used for a range of purposes in cabinet making and other woodworking fields .
1	his father worked as a construction worker and a cotton farmer while his mother was a homemaker .
1	each voter places a vote for first , second , and third place among the pitchers of each league .
1	the 146-year-old institution is the oldest american school still in existence in its original location outside the united states .
1	geography this district is called `` sagorkonna '' , which means daughter of sea .
1	they are part of the urinary system , but have several secondary functions concerned with homeostatic functions .
1	as the state capital springfield is home to the three branches of illinois government .
1	the couple resided in mumbai , and frequently travelled across india and europe .
1	goats , birds , ants , mice and bats contribute significantly to the spreading of the seeds .
1	it has no eye and does not typically have the organization or the spiral shape of more powerful storms .
1	lens is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	events edgar deposes donald iii and edmund to become king of scotland .
1	he served as garter principal king of arms before retiring to the post of clarenceux king of arms .
1	durbuy is a walloon city and municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
1	wienerwald is a town in the district of mödling in the austrian state of lower austria .
1	as of the census of 2000 , the city 's population was 39,968 .
1	the square plan bell tower is from the 15th century .
1	acute on chronic renal failure acute renal failure can be present on top of chronic renal failure .
1	a street named after her in the bronx a permanent installation of the tree peony collection bearing her name .
1	it was created in 1815 , when prussia reorganised its internal administration .
1	crisnée is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	the most extensive brackish water habitats worldwide are estuaries , where a river meets the sea .
1	the boroughs of sutton and merton are located directly to the west .
1	undated murad iii succeeds ala lang selim ii as sultan of the ottoman empire .
1	it is a chemical element , which has the symbol si and atomic number 14 .
1	the list was unveiled by the american film institute on june 14 , 2000 .
1	the start of the uci 's protour in 2005 saw the faltering tour reorganised and reinvigorated .
1	according to the gospel of john , she was the first witness of the resurrection appearances of jesus .
1	however , on the one occasion that neil looked as if he was going to retaliate , rick fled .
1	in claws , this results in an abscission layer , and the old segment breaks off .
1	directly to the west of the city is the peak district national park and the pennine hill range .
1	history in 2007 , hurricane humberto made landfall near high island .
1	in the western part of the state there are lowlands with virtually no hills .
1	in 1999 , mattel redesigned polly and created a new series of collectible items .
1	despite this , hannibal found flaminius still passively encamped at arretium .
1	when he was to leave heaven by orders of izanagi , he went to bid his sister goodbye .
1	diepenbeek is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	awards and distinctions carreras has received numerous awards and distinctions for both his artistic and humanitarian work .
1	they were formed in 2001 but did not release their first album , who killed ... ...
1	three weeks later , cena won the championship back at the royal rumble .
1	as with the previous charge , the confederate line held , repelling what remained of the union regiments .
1	it was said , that she had a rare quality ; she knew her own limitations .
1	the word was adopted into old french by the twelfth century .
1	badin is main town of badin district .
1	brugelette is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	the pass is on a long-distance footpath linking zanskar and lahaul , used often by locals and trekkers alike .
1	they are labelled calomyscus bailwardi mystax or calomyscus bailwardi , and probably represent either c. mystax or c. elburzensis .
1	the barracks were constructed from large sandstone blocks and carved out of the existing rock on the headland .
1	these days : live in concert was the first live release by powderfinger .
1	in the evening , he arrived at linz and was given an enthusiastic welcome in the city hall .
1	boreion selas is the greek name for aurora borealis , the `` northern lights '' .
1	anthisnes is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of liège .
1	larix himalaica langtang larch * .
1	the most common symptoms of mi in women include dyspnea , weakness , and fatigue .
1	the process was named after its creator , french chemist and microbiologist louis pasteur .
1	all teachers in germany are now trained in that method during their pedagogic studies .
1	between them they were responsible for an excellent and important piece of exploration .
1	a series of unusual sonic booms were detected in southern california , beginning in mid to late 1991 .
1	sky pacific started a service in fiji and in other pacific island nations in 2006 .
1	he began an apprenticeship at the photography studio of w. r. bowles in hopkinsville .
1	the state 's largest city and capital is boise .
1	zoo tycoon is a business simulation developed by blue fang games and released by microsoft game studios .
1	grieg was raised in a musical home .
1	history the first ceo and director was george stevens , jr .
1	the ground tissue usually consists mainly of parenchyma cells and fills in around the vascular tissue .
1	graham , a. ; new planet , monthly notices of the royal astronomical society , vol .
1	he turned professional on 29 april 1965 after 80 wins as an amateur .
1	he clearly loves his father and uncle but is often surly toward them .
1	the river has two sources .
1	defiantly , she vowed to never renounce the commune , and dared the judges to sentence her to death .
1	kissing is a municipality in the aichach-friedberg district , in bavaria , germany .
1	biography mark hoppus was born in ridgecrest , california on march 15 , 1972 .
1	the nahe river is a river in rhineland-palatinate and saarland , germany , a left tributary to the rhine .
1	the byzantine empire recognizes the independence of bulgaria and serbia .
1	schwarzenegger is married to maria shriver and has four children .
1	we demand substitution of a german common law in place of the roman law serving a materialistic world-order .
1	slade trips and is caught in his own trap and drops his gun just out of reach .
1	mutiny on the bounty : fletcher christian leads the mutiny on hms bounty against captain william bligh .
1	the second episode was shown as a special on cartoon network 's fridays on january 13 , 2006 .
1	they may be made of plastic , glass , or borosilicate glass .
1	it was named in honor of albert einstein .
1	kuban have previously spent three seasons in the russian premier league and three seasons in the soviet top league .
1	caligula was a member of the house of rulers conventionally known as the julio-claudian dynasty .
1	the galileo spacecraft was able to determine the moon 's shape in 1998 , but the images remain poor .
1	he later graduated from the rmit university in melbourne , australia with a bachelor 's degree in business administration .
1	zoungou is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	at least three children have been born in antarctica , albeit in stations north of the antarctic circle .
1	the steropodontidae was a family of monotremes that are known from fossils from the early cretaceous in australia .
1	elinor dashwood — the sensible and reserved eldest daughter of mr. and mrs. henry dashwood .
1	its fruit is slightly larger than a lemon and has a more rounded shape .
1	brig is an administrative district in the canton of valais , switzerland .
1	references external links the thinker project , munich .
1	edmonton was incorporated as a city in 1904 and became the capital of alberta in 1905 .
1	additionally , nab little creek is located mostly within the city of virginia beach but carries a norfolk address .
1	when sagan learned of this he sued apple computer to force the use of a different project name .
1	so in general , every integral domain is a ring but not every ring is an integral domain .
1	he taught her words by writing them with a stick in the dirt .
1	it is as of 2009 under the control of adobe systems .
1	the statue was not created with feet and does not stand on its own .
1	the game ends when all cards have been used , and all books have been obtained .
1	artistic works have existed for almost as long as humankind , from early pre-historic art to contemporary art .
1	see also jotunheimen , the name of a large mountain range in norway .
1	the new york islanders are a professional ice hockey team based in uniondale , new york .
1	equipment ulrich endorses tama drums , zildjian cymbals and remo drumheads .
1	pirates have been around as long as people have used the oceans as trade routes .
1	tempera painting continues to be used in greece and russia where it is the required medium for orthodox icons .
1	the rain season for the northern coast is from november to january .
1	japan was far from being completely isolated under the sakoku policy .
1	located on the north-western face of the island , it was founded in 1659 by the east india company .
1	version 8.2 was released on july 24 , 2009 .
1	the immediate area was soon filled with aerospace firms such as lockheed .
1	in the united kingdom , however , hot chocolate is often of the thinner variety .
1	sulfur is an essential component of all living cells .
1	sangria can also be described as a burnt red .
1	in the united states , it was released as a 12 '' single on 20 april .
1	monthey is located on the west side of the rhone valley , south to the leman lake .
1	while in this new body frieza bears a great likeness to his father king cold .
1	grosse ile township is a civil township of wayne county in the u.s. state of michigan .
1	at that point what was left of armenia was under the control of a communist government .
1	ogame ogame was created in 2000 and is produced and maintained by gameforge ag .
1	the everton tigers are a professional basketball team based in the city of liverpool , in england .
1	the strings are often tuned in fifths , although this tuning is by no means universal .
1	bears can stand on their hind feet and sit up straight with remarkable balance .
1	as a result of this tragic event parajanov left russia for kiev , ukraine .
1	she is an older lady with white coloured hair .
1	another famous stream , the lai stream , joins this stream near swaan camp .
1	he is well-known for his duets with benjamin luxon , reviving many victorian parlour songs .
1	their first 7 '' eps , minor threat and in my eyes , were released in 1981 .
1	shere hite notes that most women achieve orgasm easily from clitoral stimulation as part of cunnilingus .
1	edgar cayce suffered from a stroke and died on january 3 , 1945 .
1	radio jan mayen also served as an important radio station for ship traffic in the arctic ocean .
1	dr. clarke was a student and brother-in-law of dr. joseph workman , superintendent of the toronto asylum .
1	a round is a type of canon .
1	he was born in 1958 in england , and is a 1979 graduate of the university of london .
1	his childhood was clouded by disease and war , which he spent in tashkent evacuation .
1	frank herbert goldsborough held the previous record which was 62 hours and 58 minutes .
1	tatyana for her part is immediately and strongly attracted to onegin .
1	berzelius had an effect on biology as well .
1	although cabell 's surname is often mispronounced `` ka-bell '' , he himself pronounced it `` cab-ble '' .
1	rochefort is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur close to the ardennes .
1	in new york , a town typically contains a number of such hamlets and villages .
1	he has written many books of poetry and short stories as well as novels .
1	the head of the eagle is part of the coat of arms of rathenow .
1	coincidentally , orange and blue are also new york city 's official colors .
1	premature births and stillbirths are generally not considered to be miscarriages although usage of these terms can sometimes overlap .
1	notes external links haiku of kobayashi issa a searchable online archive of 9000 haiku by david g. lanoue .
1	they were daughters of zeus and themis , half-sisters to the moirae .
1	before her husband ascended the throne , from 1923 to 1936 she was known as the duchess of york .
1	conquest joshua sends out two spies from shittim to explore the city of jericho .
1	it is organized by the great orchestra of christmas charity foundation , as a way of thanking its volunteers .
1	in particular , he was inspired by the book conversations in chemistry by jane marcet .
1	return to the exchequer after the 1931 general election , chamberlain became chancellor of the exchequer a second time .
1	therefore , since frequency characterizes the pitch , the sound produced is a constant note .
1	she has spent much of her adult life in the entertainment industry .
1	as a c-type , it is probably composed of carbonaceous materials .
1	in the 1980 federal election , the cdu/csu opted to put forward strauss as their candidate for chancellor .
1	their heirs were usually guaranteed an inheritance .
1	catherine married bonanno crime family member anthony indelicato in 1992 .
1	alternatives to stairways are elevators , stairlifts and inclined moving sidewalks as well as stationary inclined sidewalks .
1	it was here that he composed messiah , zadok the priest and music for the royal fireworks .
1	such victims include war wounded , prisoners , refugees , civilians , and other non-combatants .
1	fischer , paul revere 's ride , 76 ; alden , `` march to concord '' , 451 .
1	the heuristic used to select the entry to eject is known as the replacement policy .
1	slowly , the area acquired a strong reputation for producing cotton materials , silk fabrics , and carpets .
1	geography arezzo is set on a steep hill rising from the floodplain of the arno .
1	the system tracked northeastward , and initially unfavorable environmental conditions left the system disorganized .
1	in reaction to the death people left public offerings of flowers , candles , cards and personal messages .
1	asia the ly dynasty , vietnam 's first independent dynasty , is proclaimed .
1	karajan was born in salzburg , austria as herbert ritter von karajan .
1	traveling to miranda to learn more would require a suicidal crossing into reaver territory .
1	in nutrition , proteins are broken down through digestion by proteases back into free amino acids .
1	over 100 people are killed in the sidi-hamed massacre in algeria .
1	robson revealed on 6 may 2007 that he had been diagnosed with cancer for the fifth time .
1	iron oxides are chemical compounds composed of iron and oxygen .
1	larger stations usually have fast-food or restaurant facilities .
1	in the common law systems personal property may also be called chattels or personalty .
1	it stars leon robinson , doug e. doug , malik yoba , rawle d. lewis , and john candy .
1	it is situated on the shore of the north sea at the mouth of the elbe river .
1	rommel , for his part , was complimentary towards and respectful of his foes .
1	both of the band members come from yokohama in kanagawa prefecture , and attended okamura junior high school .
1	a devastating category 4 cyclone strikes andhra pradesh , india .
1	all of the proposals were rejected by the jury .
1	open-book accounting is an accounting principle that aims to improve accounting transparency of organizations .
1	gone with the wind is a romantic drama and the only novel written by margaret mitchell .
1	albert einstein works on the special theory of relativity as well as the theory of brownian motion .
1	moth larvae may be killed by freezing the items which they infest for several days at a temperature below .
1	pulkkila is a village located in the oulu province in northern finland .
1	development the shorts were created by cartoonist matt groening in the lobby of james l. brooks ' office .
1	special sets of numbers include : , denoting the set of all primes .
1	its marble steps are remnants of the old basilica and around its balustrade are 95 bronze lamps .
1	the following night on raw , the big show challenged mayweather to a wrestling match , which mayweather accepted .
1	until the local government reforms of 2000 , rajoya was a separate union council .
1	several hungarian families came to live in bezenye , some of whom had been displaced from slovakia .
1	many have distinct dietary preferences and regularly occur in close association with their food species .
1	as of june 2003 , there is now an additional classification , that of a “ metropolitan division .
1	when all have gone , alcindoro arrives with the repaired shoe seeking musetta .
1	it is played with black and white stones on a 15x15 intersection go board .
1	in 1826 he began attending the conservatoirenaxos records to study composition under le sueur and anton reicha .
1	it continued to be used for the german language until the twentieth century .
1	john lennon and yoko ono conduct their bed-in at the queen elizabeth hotel in montreal , quebec .
1	this means that it is a very cold continent where water is mostly in the form of ice .
1	cayce 's work grew in volume as his fame grew .
1	korea surrenders to the mongols , ending the effective resistance of the choe faction within korea .
1	one of these , zadok the priest , has been played at every british coronation ceremony since .
1	he is also a recreational mathematician and amateur philosopher .
1	rochester in 1885 helena made plans to move to new york to join her sister lena and her husband .
1	birds of prey specialise in hunting mammals or other birds , while vultures are specialised scavengers .
1	discovery iapetus was discovered by giovanni domenico cassini in october 1671 on the western side of saturn .
1	after his death his retainers bury him in a tumulus in geatland .
1	eddie 's plane went into a spin and crashed into deep creek , just off of flatbush avenue .
1	viti levu hosts the capital city of suva , and is home to nearly three quarters of the population .
1	residents of gwangju resisted by means of arms , arming themselves with stolen guns and military jeeps .
1	grocon pty ltd is a large australian construction company based in melbourne , australia .
1	sicard invited gallaudet to paris to study the school 's method of teaching the deaf using manual communication .
1	tensions continued to increase during the band 's ensuing tour in support of the album .
1	the great barrier reef can be reached in less than an hour by boat .
1	the two became good friends and later recorded demo tracks with others from the school .
1	the area is now known as the `` technology cluster of north bangkok '' .
1	ter hachatrjan amalia bagratovna got married to saidoff n.s rich man from baku .
1	phoenix , located in maricopa county , is the largest city in arizona and also the state capital .
1	scissors , represented by the index and middle fingers extended and separated .
1	he was married to greek duchess sofia .
1	microsoft corporation releases the first version of windows , windows 1.0 .
1	in respects other than inhalation , pure silicon dioxide is inert and harmless .
1	it was named in april 2007 after surtr , a leader of the fire giants of norse mythology .
1	sports milestones his jersey number 30 has been retired by the granby bisons .
1	he started composing again and became professor of harmony and later warden at the royal academy of music .
1	murree tehsil is located in the northernmost part of punjab province where it borders the north west frontier province .
1	the tulong reservoir upstream is in danger of collapse .
1	notes external links amazigh/berber culture the new mass media and the shaping of amazigh identity .
1	the college was founded in 1855 by abolitionists .
1	according to un statistics in 2003 the population of al anbar is 1,230,169 .
1	his remains were buried at west norwood cemetery in london where the tomb is still visited by admirers .
1	mergoscia is a municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	the fairfield halls is a well known concert hall and exhibition centre , opened in 1962 .
1	court-saint-étienne is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	its spectral class is intermediate between the c-type and p-type asteroids .
1	however , a typical material object is likely to be irregular in shape and non-spherical .
1	gradually his opinions and concepts became acknowledged , not only in europe , but worldwide .
1	for every 100 females age 18 and over , there were 91.3 males .
1	baruch is not in the protestant bible or the tanakh .
1	the reef is located in the coral sea , off the coast of queensland in northeast australia .
1	with the addition of x11 , this version marks the transition away from a text-only system .
1	the ancient pieve of san michele in groppoli , in the neighbourhood of the city .
1	central shutters usually use either the simple leaf mechanism or the diaphragm mechanism .
1	nuremberg was then an important and prosperous city , a centre for publishing and many luxury trades .
1	acids and kmno4 concentrated sulfuric acid reacts with kmno4 to give mn2o7 , which can be explosive .
1	nitra is also one of the oldest cities in slovakia and the country 's earliest political and cultural center .
1	cardinal wolsey founds a college at ipswich , which later becomes ipswich school .
1	turkey is a founding member of the oecd and the g-20 major economies .
1	despite the availability of newer agents , it remains extremely popular .
1	captain america is a fictional character that appears in comic books published by marvel comics .
1	prizes are awarded yearly in twenty-one categories .
1	consequently zilog has made less than 50 % of the z80s since its conception .
1	in 2007 , the city proper had an estimated population of 16,235 and an estimated metropolitan population of 101,792 .
1	for decades thereafter , no permanent european settlement was established in the area , inhabited by the potiguar tribe .
1	professional wrestling career early career perez began her career as a model .
1	john colet receives his m.a . from magdalen college , oxford .
1	the most recent bridges , replacing an aborted attempt to construct a tunnel under the river .
1	the organ of corti is located at this duct , and transforms mechanical waves to electric signals in neurons .
1	she was cared for by her younger sister .
1	setting each of the games takes place on fictional islands in the caribbean .
1	however , mumble has a talent that none of the other penguins had ever seen before : tap dancing .
1	modern editions of agrippa 's works de occulta philosophia libri tres .
1	the corpus cavernosum clitoridis is homologous to the corpus cavernosum penis in the male .
1	this article is about the hawaiian cooking method , kalua .
1	often , the games where teams will wear throwbacks are promoted as `` turn back the clock nights '' .
1	super mario kart and mario kart super circuit have two beach courses .
1	promises , promises – book by neil simon , music by burt bacharach , lyrics by hal david .
1	garhi yasin taluka comprises main towns of madeji and dakhan beside garhi yasin town itself .
1	the imam ali mosque in najaf is rebuilt by the seljuk malik shah i after being destroyed by fire .
1	batista won the election in 1940 and served a four year term as president of cuba .
1	since their establishment in 1901 , the indians have won two world series championships , in 1920 and 1948 .
1	her first starring role was in 1999 as felicity shagwell in austin powers : the spy who shagged me .
1	the last shipyard in sunderland closed in 1988 .
1	hallstatt , upper austria is a village in the salzkammergut , a region in austria .
1	events by place asia the japanese capital moves away from nara , ending the nara period .
1	in october of the same year , she released her official first single , `` yubikiri -japanese version- '' .
1	spanish rule the city of st. augustine was founded by pedro menéndez de avilés on september 8 , 1565 .
1	it was released as the album 's second single in late 2002 and reached number one in several countries .
1	the grameen bank has grown into over two dozen enterprises represented by the grameen family of enterprises .
1	holyrood abbey is founded in edinburgh by david i , king of scotland .
1	the roman carthage was destroyed , just as the romans had done in 146 bc .
1	in some parts of the world , it is called railway time or continental time .
1	during this time he wrote the three preludes and fugues , op .
1	under the constitution of 1791 , france would function as a constitutional monarchy .
1	for nearly 300 years its monastic university trained nyingma scholars and yogis from all over tibet .
1	undated alnwick castle , northumberland , is bought by the percy family , later earls of northumberland .
1	he performed at parties and on street corners throughout mississippi for small pay and tips .
1	flowers for algernon is a science fiction short story and subsequent novel written by daniel keyes .
1	total ancestry reported history armenian pioneers the first armenian known to have moved to america was martin the armenian .
1	notable people hildegarde , american cabaret singer , was born in adell .
1	often referred to as s. r. nathan , he was first sworn in on september 1 , 1999 .
1	a bank accepts deposits from lenders , on which it pays the interest .
1	however , after six weeks of schooling his father overheard him repeating his multiplication tables .
1	john napier publishes mirifici logarithmorum canonis descriptio , a paper outlining his discovery of logarithms .
1	the following is a timeline of acts and failed attempts which can be considered non-state terrorism .
1	despite this , there are still obvious differences between eastern and western berlin .
1	to the south it bordered the czech republic .
1	july – december july – phetracha stages a coup d'état and becomes king of ayutthaya .
1	in 1866 , an attempt to move the district capital to neunkirchen failed .
1	hy-vee keeps opening bigger stores , so the largest store will change every 6 months to every year .
1	bad tölz is a town in bavaria , germany , and administrative center of the district of bad tölz-wolfratshausen .
1	also in 1931 , he became a professor at moscow university .
1	an adit is a type of entrance to an underground mine which is horizontal or nearly horizontal .
1	they are less likely to eat mixed materials containing artificial fibers .
1	the city is home to the federal university of ceará .
1	reid won the pfa scotland manager of the year in 2008 after leading hamilton into the scottish premier league .
1	like masalas , these movies are a mixture of many things such as action , comedy , romance etc .
1	they have also finished the home and away season in last position a record 26 times .
1	this is the highest of all capital cities in australia .
1	the sims was first released on february 4 , 2000 .
1	as part of their routine , they clean the exhibits and report health problems .
1	it was alcazar 's first number 1 single in sweden and was certified gold .
1	when he was six , his family moved to paris due to his father 's ill-health .
1	it is also a functioning film studio and hosts production facilities for disney 's various entertainment businesses .
1	it is surrounded by the city of espoo , in greater helsinki .
1	a biennial plant is a flowering plant that takes two years to complete its biological lifecycle .
1	his image graces many temples , restaurants , amulets , and businesses .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 8,775 .
1	iron man is a american superhero/adventure film based on the marvel comics character of the same name .
1	florennes is a walloon municipality located in belgium in the province of namur .
1	earlier in his career , he appeared in copying beethoven , playing ludwig van beethoven 's nephew karl .
1	kororaa aimed at easy installation of a gentoo system by using install scripts instead of manual configuration .
1	the toyota camry is a mid-size car , formerly a compact car manufactured by toyota since 1980 .
1	though it never made landfall , carlotta killed 18 people when it sunk the lithuanian freighter m/v linkuva .
1	stonewall gb is based in london .
1	dates unknown the city of montevideo is founded .
1	undated the lao empire of lan xang unofficially ends .
1	arara is a municipality in the state of paraíba in northeastern brazil .
1	salt lake city is the capital and the most populous city of the u.s. state of utah .
1	cars on beijing 's roads came to a halt .
1	geneva observes jeûne genevois on the first thursday following the first sunday in september .
1	a disastrous fire on august 25 1782 destroyed most of the town , but it was immediately rebuilt .
1	the five-petalled white flowers , produced in late spring , are hermaphrodite and pollinated by bees .
1	melun is a commune in the southeastern suburbs of paris , france .
1	warner also set a super bowl record by attempting 45 passes without a single interception .
1	the object of the game is to clear an abstract minefield without detonating a mine .
1	pillar is a grammy-nominated christian rock band currently located in tulsa , oklahoma .
1	in reality , the interpretation and execution of policy , etc . can lead to informal influence .
1	it has been used extensively in read heads of modern hard drives .
1	baudrecourt is a commune in the moselle department in lorraine in northeastern france .
1	six partial specimens of spinosaurus have been described .
1	charles henry took his daughter on camping trips in the hills—her greatest pleasures in her early teens .
1	linkin park helped raise money to benefit victims of hurricane charley in 2004 and later hurricane katrina in 2005 .
1	the republic of kenya is a country in east africa .
1	each scenario then has a range of possible outcomes associated with it .
1	lind published his work in 1753 in his treatise on the scurvy .
1	typical sport-specific garments include short pants , tracksuits , t-shirts , polo shirts and trainers .
1	for traveling to and from each of the gilis , locals usually use motorized boats and speedboats .
1	he also tells harry not to go looking for black , whatever he might hear .
1	billboard comprehensive albums is not published in the print edition of billboard magazine .
1	the title of the american edition was taggerung , omitting the word the .
1	in 1977 the state was split into two halves , with mato grosso do sul becoming a new state .
1	the corsican buonapartes originated from minor italian nobility , who had come to corsica in the 16th century .
1	a fugue forms the development section of the last movement of his piano sonata op .
1	madison is the capital of the u.s. state of wisconsin and the county seat of dane county .
1	fia homepage - organisation may 16 , 2007 its current president is max mosley .
1	this was famously disapproved of by tanenbaum in the tanenbaum-torvalds debate .
1	wikiquote is one of a family of wiki-based projects run by the wikimedia foundation , running on mediawiki software .
1	he travelled on foot to various parts of india to restore the study of the vedas .
1	the dauphiné libéré was used as preparation for the tour de france by lance armstrong .
1	people in the bishigram valley speak torwali and in the tirat valley they speak pashto .
1	brahui is spoken in the southwest region of pakistan and border regions of afghanistan and iran with pakistan .
1	ayrton senna was world champion for the second time , and his mclaren team won the constructors ' championship .
1	these are the maxillary and labial palpi .
1	the royals have participated in two world series , winning in 1985 .
1	overview it was founded by william phillips , philip rahv , and sender garlin .
1	a duchy is a territory , fief , or domain ruled by a duke or duchess .
1	the band 's second full length album kerplunk sold about 50,000 copies in the u.s.thompson , dave .
1	the almost unrestricted audition sessions drew contestants of ages ranging from 4 to 89 years old .
1	rail transport is the conveyance of passengers and goods by means of wheeled vehicles running along railways or railroads .
1	crawford is a town located in western mclennan county , texas , united states .
1	at nationals , they won the bronze medal at the senior level , qualifying them for the world team .
1	zelda also appears in super smash bros .
1	but unlike in the myth , hippolyta befriends hercules but he sees them all as beautiful women .
1	the group was based loosely on the nation of islam and the black panther party .
1	verviers is a walloon city and municipality located in the belgian province of liège .
1	by 1990 there were more than 15 companies producing a wide range of microplates with different features .
1	the capital of swat is saidu sharif , but the main town in the swat valley is mingora .
1	all materials have temperature dependent variations in stress related properties , and non-newtonian materials have rate-dependent variations .
1	symbolism amber is a symbolic color representing energy .
1	vocabulary schleyer adapted the vocabulary mostly from english , with a smattering of german and french .
1	nationwide arena is a sports and entertainment arena in columbus , ohio .
1	january 31 — pope sylvester i succeeds pope miltiades as the 33rd pope .
1	in his last months he was cared for by the local aborigines .
1	in levin , case 53/81 d.m . levin v staatssecretaris van justitie .
1	sports são josé esporte clube , a brazilian football club .
1	the following criminal trial causes uproar .
1	a salamander lived for more than 50 years in museum koenig , a german natural history museum .
1	snow patrol are an alternative rock band , with members from northern ireland and scotland .
1	the milwaukee bucks are a professional basketball team based in milwaukee , wisconsin .
1	gallenkirch is a municipality in the district of brugg in canton of aargau in switzerland .
1	the area is estimated at 5,896,500 km² .
1	structure a healthy human prostate is slightly larger than a walnut .
1	at the end of each quarter , teams change their scoring end .
1	in 1887 , the college moved to the east lake community in birmingham .
1	in some cases an engineer may be required to destroy something that that same engineer designed and constructed .
1	jimmy conway , a character in the movie goodfellas played by robert de niro , is based on burke .
1	he died at the age of 47 on , and was succeeded by his eldest son , humayun .
1	oak lawn is a suburb of the city of chicago , located southwest of the city .
1	mascots the indians ' mascot is a dog named scout .
1	during the rule of ahmed i , sultan ahmed mosque was built between 1609 and 1616 ce .
1	the results conclusively showed that citrus fruits prevented the disease .
1	these forces provide the majority of policing services to the public of england and wales .
1	the airline operated air mail services subsidised by the australian government , linking railheads in western queensland .
1	parks of curitiba and floods today , curitiba is considered one of the best examples of urban planning worldwide .
1	it is a reformed parish and is now part of the district of aarberg .
1	hollywood is a district in los angeles , california , united states , situated west-northwest of downtown los angeles .
1	villeurbanne is the second-largest city in the department .
1	within three months dürer left for italy , alone , perhaps stimulated by an outbreak of plague in nuremberg .
1	russian cossacks advance over the urals to the pacific , to okhotsk .
1	the first debates about the nature of human evolution arose between thomas huxley and richard owen .
1	the world 's largest station by floor area is nagoya station in nagoya , japan .
1	fog is also a common sight .
1	sint-laureins is a municipality located in the flemish province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	hattusa itself was destroyed by fire , its site only re-occupied by a phrygian fortress some 500 years later .
1	it was formed in 2004 from the union of the municipalities of münster and geschinen .
1	more complicated work can involve dozens of elements , all combined into a single scene .
1	the british withdrew from bahrain on 16 december 1971 , making bahrain an independent emirate .
1	sombreffe is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	the wartburg castle , according to legend , is built in thuringia .
1	vilsack dropped out of the race on 23 february , 2007 citing monetary constraints .
1	olivine in general is a very abundant mineral , but gem quality peridot is rather rare .
1	hollywood 's classic film noir period is generally regarded as stretching from the early 1940s to the late 1950s .
1	vouchsafe , o lord : to keep us this day without sin .
1	the power of the lightning is said to be approximately 1000 times than that of the lightning on earth .
1	ekimyan suffered a heart attack and died on april 24 , 1982 in moscow .
1	vaygach island and the island of novaya zemlya form a further continuation of the chain .
1	they may also be used in electrochromic paints .
1	in vivo and in vitro studies are showing yerba mate to exhibit significant cancer-fighting activity .
1	thus he starts the salt satyagraha .
1	hamois is a walloon municipality and village located in the belgian province of namur .
1	the city of abbeville receives its commercial charter .
1	previously , safina was coached by glen schaap , former trainer of nadia petrova .
1	thus aphrodite is of an older generation than zeus .
1	it is a full day event featuring a series of races using camels instead of horses .
1	silvía night was iceland 's participant in the eurovision song contest 2006 .
1	a common term used to refer to a `` bicycle trail '' is simply a `` bike trail '' .
1	history the village near berlin was first mentioned in 1293 as wilmerstorff .
1	a crescent is a shape , form or symbol .
1	meanwhile , the differences and tensions between jude and lucy escalate .
1	caprivi served as german chancellor from march 1890 to october 1894 .
1	the state capital , hyderabad is considered to be bulk drug capital of the country .
1	until then only two had been created independently by donatello and his assistant , agostino di duccio .
1	the bidding process for the 2016 summer olympic games was officially launched on 16 may 2007 .
1	school history rev henry noyes , the school founder , was a minister of the u.s. presbyterian church .
1	hashish is also produced in the deserts of northern mexico , and throughout the western united states and canada .
1	after many years of diligent study she achieved a level of enlightenment equal to his .
1	paris , london and new york weill fled nazi germany in march 1933 .
1	the narrator proceeds to chop up the body and conceal the pieces under the floorboards .
1	the shell nautiluses are the sole living cephalopods whose bony structure of the body is externalized as a shell .
1	additionally , the latin alphabet was adopted to write the hungarian language .
1	since then , it has become the seventh most populated municipality in spain , and a thriving services city .
1	the ina bauer element is an extended fourth position in ballet in terms of where the feet are placed .
1	the portrait is of dutch engraver jacob de gheyn iii and is part of a pair .
1	a chair is a raised surface used to sit on , commonly for use by one person .
1	in health , a disease , such as a heart condition , as in medical condition .
1	from 1919 1991 , minsk was the capital of the byelorussian soviet socialist republic .
1	they walked along the coast of india to reach australia .
1	khetrani or khetranki is an indo indo-european language .
1	he was survived by his twin children , catherine and jean , who hold the copyrights to his work .
1	this is sometimes referred to as organic material .
1	he was appointed tánaiste of the republic of ireland in 1969 .
1	baylor university is a private , baptist-affiliated research university located in waco , texas , united states .
1	cooke barracks in 1930 , a civilian air field was built north of göppingen .
1	as of 2005 , parking space for only 14 cars had been established within the area .
1	the process of gaining or losing electrons from a neutral atom or molecule is called ionization .
1	geography it is situated in the northeast of berlin .
1	the mariner drops the flare down into the oil reserves .
1	taíno culture is believed to have developed in the west indies .
1	mac os x v10.3 `` panther '' was released on october 24 , 2003 .
1	saint-paul-en-jarez is a commune in the loire department in central france .
1	he often recuperated at menton , near nice , france , where he eventually died on 1892 january 31 .
1	the regional capital is the city of catanzaro .
1	history cork was originally a monastic settlement founded by st. finbarr in the sixth century .
1	sleep paralysis and vivid dreams can occur while falling asleep or waking up .
1	notes external links bilingual side by side german english libretto also available in italian wagner operas .
1	to measure the amount of energy that leaves , einstein proposed weighing the box just after the emission .
1	it was subsequently acquired by the emperor rudolf ii and taken to prague .
1	hamilton is a town in south lanarkshire , in the west-central lowlands of scotland .
1	april hans christian ørsted discovers the relationship between electricity and magnetism .
1	park road and whitehourse lane hold selhurst park where crystal palace f.c . plays .
1	macroscopic is a word commonly used to describe physical objects that are measurable and observable by the naked eye .
1	as of january 22 , the album had sold above 2,690,000 copies worldwide .
1	it had an unusually high public profile , due to the popular and acclaimed warship bbc television drama series .
1	a moth is an insect closely related to the butterfly , both being of the order lepidoptera .
1	colons may also be used for sounds , eg .
1	quality matcha is vibrantly green also as a result of this treatment .
1	dour is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	it has a similar colour to the primary .
1	ireland 's share of the imperial debt was to be paid .
1	the first event was held in february 2006 .
1	graham eventually graduated from wheaton college in wheaton , illinois with a degree in anthropology , in 1943 .
1	the others pairs are owned by private collectors philip samuels and david elkouby .
1	it is located on the national mall in washington , d.c. and was dedicated on may 30 , 1922 .
1	the queen is the third component of the legislature .
1	january 30 – a royal air force c-130 hercules transport plane crashes in iraq , killing 10 british servicemen .
1	marf , its applications , and the corresponding source code and documentation are released under the bsd-style license .
1	compatibility freebasic is a successor to the quickbasic programming language .
1	an image of this hobbling brewer can be seen in the designs on the aecht schlenkerla rauchbier bottle .
1	britannica online version which makes it the largest open-urban square in the world .
1	immune system abnormalities in the immune system have often been invoked as being causes of crohn 's disease .
1	venice repels a hungarian invasion .
1	the anthem also had official versions in the languages of every soviet republic and in several other soviet languages .
1	different countries have undergone different evolutionary stages towards the development of military camouflage .
1	its dedication day , august 19 , was celebrated in the vinalia rustica .
1	in the book , mowgli eats meat like his foster wolf brother .
1	o2 + nacl + h2o hydrogen peroxide is frequently used as an oxidizing agent in organic chemistry .
1	when the key is released , a damper stops the string 's vibration .
1	the city is located on the northern coast of upolu , samoas second-largest island .
1	it was under these conditions that harunori came to be daimyo of yonezawa .
1	unicef is present in 190 countries and territories around the world .
1	he was voted the best defender in the champions league for the season .
1	the satellite is estimated to measure about 11 km in diameter .
1	graham attended wheaton college from 1939 to 1943 , when he graduated with a ba in anthropology .
1	zottegem is a municipality located in belgium and more particularly in flanders , in the province of east flanders .
1	the 2000 census recorded the population as 50,644 , although the 2008 census estimate placed the population at 45,670 .
1	its coloration is yellowish and it is softer than either dentin or enamel .
1	the current stable version is 12.2 , released on december 10 , 2008 .
1	all species are native to the americas , where they inhabit a variety of environments .
1	it has little support now because climate data for the time does not support the theory .
1	a roof is the covering on the uppermost part of a building .
1	rhode island also shares a water border with new york 's long island to the southwest .
1	palagnedra is a municipality in the district of locarno in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	they are members of the central division in the national league of major league baseball .
1	moreover , the government of canada is responsible solely to the house of commons .
1	the wide range in predictions is based on scenarios that assume different levels of future co2 emissions .
1	births lucius caecilius iucundus , pompeian banker deaths august 19 — roman emperor augustus .
1	history eschelbronn was already mentioned in the year 788/789 in a deed of donation from the monastery of lorsch .
1	it is the official state language of ukraine .
1	the southern ocean is the second smallest of the five named oceans .
1	french troops land at kilcummin in county mayo to assist the irish rebellion .
1	the isle of youth is , therefore , administered directly by the central government of cuba .
1	climate windhoek is situated in a semi-desert climatic region .
1	accounting scholarship is the academic discipline which studies the theory of accountancy .
1	the origins of france : clovis to the capetians , 500 1000 .
1	it flows southeast to mankato , then turns northeast .
1	agra is a village and former municipality in the canton of ticino , switzerland .
1	ares was also the son of zeus and hera .
1	she married abraham van buren on november 27 , 1838 , in wedgefield .
1	along with australia , italy 's market share has rapidly increased in recent years .
1	becoming an employee most individuals attain the status of employee after a job interview with a company .
1	les did many wonderful scenes throughout the years , animating up until lady and the tramp .
1	pausanias , guide to greece , 4.32.1 his iconographic attributes are the lion skin and the club .
1	land of the midnight sun polar night - the opposite phenomenon experienced in winter : a day without sunrise .
1	there are two important alternative formulations of classical mechanics : lagrangian mechanics and hamiltonian mechanics .
1	greek literature boasts three great writers of tragedy whose works are extant : aeschylus , sophocles , and euripides .
1	it was while he was interned that he first met norbert brainin and siegmund nissel .
1	johannes ockeghem was treasurer at that institution , and the two composers seem to have known each other well .
1	felids are the strictest carnivores of the sixteen mammal families in the order carnivora .
1	non-english wikipedias can also be translated from the articles here .
1	the novel is also known as novelty writing which conciliates dystopia and utopiaa .
1	he was a child prodigy who was educated by his father , a civil servant .
1	kettles often resemble teapots , but are used to boil water , not to brew tea .
1	the ateneo offers programs in the elementary , secondary , undergraduate , and graduate levels .
1	saturn was the father of ceres , jupiter , veritas , pluto , and neptune , among others .
1	he took all of the science courses offered except advanced physics .
1	paramount is the last major film studio located in hollywood proper .
1	since the onee-san teaches her maiko everything about working in the hanamachi , her teaching is vital .
1	it can use peeled or unpeeled apples and a variety of spices or additives such as cinnamon or sugar .
1	insomnia is a symptom , not a stand-alone diagnosis or a disease .
1	early war years the war years were important to powell as a writer .
1	she was the daughter of anna `` annie '' seamon and redmon fauset , a presbyterian minister .
1	if both players choose the same gesture , the game is tied and the players throw again .
1	its three great mosques , djingareyber , sankore and sidi yahya , recall timbuktu 's golden age .
1	he was also commissioned in 1944 by yehudi menuhin to write a sonata for solo violin .
1	honours were showered on him and he was adulated everywhere he went .
1	the video also won swift an award for breakthrough video of the year at the 2007 cmt music awards .
1	texas lutheran university is an undergraduate , private , coeducational university affiliated with the evangelical lutheran church in america .
1	lower secondary male students wear shorts while the upper secondary male students wear long pants .
1	edward contributed £16 as part of a ransom , chaucer life records , p.24 and chaucer was released .
1	his command consisted of approximately 1,000 regular troops with another 500 militia in reserve .
1	martin short as lars : a stylish but rather strange artist who loves nothing more than painting spots .
1	established in 1963 , the reserve covers an area of about 200,000 hectares .
1	it was 100 % contained by october 24 , after burning .
1	the club today has a membership of over 2,400 .
1	the first europeans to discover the islands were the spanish in 1513 by explorer juan ponce de león .
1	from 1987 until 2001 prost held the record for most grand prix victories .
1	by topic religion john chrysostom is deposed again , and archbishop atticus of constantinople becomes archbishop of constantinople .
1	see also notes references external links comaa mierdaa trade routes : the growth of global trade .
1	ucla , 1996 mirjo salvini : geschichte und kultur der urartäer .
1	spurgeon 's sermons were published in printed form every week , and enjoyed a high circulation .
1	it is named after deimos , a figure representing dread in greek mythology .
1	the ancient pieve di san severo , with frescoes from the 14th-15th centuries .
1	humphreys , 106 later , iraq and kuwait met for a final negotiation session , which failed .
1	queen beatrix of the netherlands lives and works in the hague .
1	ralph herforth as jack 'cannonball ' taylor , a superstar racer sponsored by royalton industries .
1	barack obama is inaugurated as the 44th , and first african american , president of the united states .
1	trout are a number of species of freshwater fish belonging to the salmoninae subfamily of the salmonidae family .
1	curtis is the third studio album by rapper 50 cent .
1	president yoon remained in office to provide legitimacy to the regime , but resigned on march 22 , 1962 .
1	female abdomens contain eggs , and as a result appear swollen in comparison to those of males .
1	like all hormonal methods , postcoital high-dose progestin-only oral contraceptive pills do not protect against sexually transmitted infections .
1	there is no permanent human population on earth south of the antarctic circle .
1	d. in 1960 , the naacp awarded hughes the spingarn medal for distinguished achievements by an african american .
1	it lures unwary travellers into the desert wastes to slay and devour them .
1	after two years away from television , the boosh returned to the small screen in november 2007 .
1	his father was a poor protestant minister named ernst schliemann .
1	each population 's song changes slowly over a period of years—never returning to the same sequence of notes .
1	element 115 also falls in the center of the theoretical island of stability .
1	the silver ram on blue represents the faroe islands and the similarly coloured polar bear represents greenland .
1	ign ranked samus as the third-best character for super smash bros .
1	harthacnut was unmarried and had no known children .
1	the minute is not an si unit ; however , it is accepted for use with si units .
1	a study was done of 200 people with dsm-iv body dysmorphic disorder .
1	furthermore , the suspected rings are thought to be narrow , a phenomenon normally associated with shepherd moons .
1	as such , the visual styling of x-based environments varies greatly ; different programs may present radically different interfaces .
1	writing vocabulary a person 's writing vocabulary is all the words he or she can employ in writing .
1	the official and dominant language is lao , a tonal language of the tai linguistic group .
1	sam wang was a national soccer player and a model before signing with jungiery .
1	french sculptor frédéric bartholdi was commissioned to design a sculpture with the year 1876 in mind for completion .
1	she grew up in basildon , where she attended nicholas school .
1	history formation and early releases faker were formed in sydney , australia , in 1998 .
1	estadio santiago bernabéu is a football stadium in the chamartín district of madrid , spain .
1	first epistle of john , traditionally ascribed to the apostle john , son of zebedee .
1	death tenzing died of a cerebral hemorrhage in darjeeling , west bengal , india in 1986 , aged 71 .
1	smithsonian magazine investigates the ark general `` the ark of the covenant '' .
1	the other main event featured wrestlers from the smackdown !
1	from 13 august 1961 until 9 november 1989 east berlin was separated from west berlin by the berlin wall .
1	famous as an organist in his day , he composed almost exclusively for the church of england .
1	the caller is then connected to the state communications centre for the requested emergency service .
1	cayce resided in virginia beach until he died on january 3 , 1945 .
1	the republic of china severs diplomatic relations with the uk in response .
1	see wikipedia : citing sources for the relevant style guidelines .
1	nagy also released anti-communists from prison and talked about holding free elections and withdrawing hungary from the warsaw pact .
1	in july 1960 carstens entered government service as a secretary of state in the ministry of foreign affairs .
1	leonid azkaldian was one of the pioneers of the karabakh movement and a military leader .
1	examples in textbooks included fresh water and the air that we breathe .
1	amid the nebula of giant ice crystals , cale and akima find and board the titan .
1	gamefaqs is a website that hosts faqs and walkthroughs for video games .
1	other cuisine besides that , klang is also famous for its `` rojak klang '' .
1	some stand-up comedians use props , music or magic tricks to enhance their acts .
1	villers-la-ville is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of walloon brabant .
1	however , godse and his mentors later turned radical and rejected gandhi .
1	probably in the ninth century , the village became part of the territory of the monastery of reichenau .
1	calvin klein went as far as trademarking the term `` technosexual '' in 2005 .
1	history the history of polish powiats goes back to the second half of the 14th century .
1	wimbledon football club was an english professional football club from wimbledon , south west london .
1	rubus is a large genus of flowering plants in the rose family , rosaceae , subfamily rosoideae .
1	for example , cryptology is an umbrella term that encompasses cryptography and cryptanalysis , among other fields .
1	le franc added that the style influenced dufay and binchois — high praise indeed .
1	the definition of organic matter varies upon the subject it is being used for .
1	it developed in the 18th century as the study of the economies of states—polities , hence political economy .
1	the only other championship race for which this is true is the british grand prix .
1	as stephen colbert put it , ' i do n't trust books .
1	the target area is restricted to the torso , including the front and back .
1	he is also the cousin of jerry lee lewis , carl mcvoy , jim gilley and jimmy swaggart .
1	she was probably born at castle réka , mecseknádasd , in the region of southern transdanubia , hungary .
1	hms ocean , an active helicopter landing platform of the royal navy , is sunderland 's adopted ship .
1	the quark model was independently proposed by physicists murray gell-mann and george zweig in 1964 .
1	haan is a town in the bergian district of mettmann , in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
1	tourism plays a big part in the corsican economy .
1	the current drivers ' champion is lewis hamilton , who won his first world championship in 2008 .
1	during july 2005 , bloc party recorded two new tracks with silent alarm producer paul epworth .
1	life and career the resistance movement fallaci was born in florence , italy .
1	fluke designs use large fluke surfaces to develop very large resistance to loads once they dig into the seabed .
1	cultivation the tree forms a thick , rugged and corky bark containing high levels of suberin .
1	ivan goncharov , mikhail saltykov , aleksey pisemsky , and nikolai leskov made lasting contributions to russian prose .
1	the first pasteurization test was completed by louis pasteur and claude bernard on april 20 , 1862 .
1	please consider using specific citation templates before using this general template .
1	only one line , the u6 , crosses the municipal border to the town of garching .
1	wilson pulled candice 's dress and pinned her with a roll-up to get the victory .
1	he won the tour de france in 1978 , 1979 , 1981 , 1982 and 1985 .
1	languages the main language is hindko , pashto although urdu is also spoken and understood .
1	note that some areas within these outlying counties may actually be rural in nature .
1	state and federal saint paul is the capital of the state of minnesota .
1	this phenomenon is known as an insertion anomaly .
1	this is a list of the largest cities of u.s. states by population as of the 2000 census .
1	the grind of a blade refers to the shape of the cross-section of the blade .
1	yalova has a city population of 70,858 , while the population of the yalova province is 188,440 .
1	geography kohistan is a sparsely populated district of the north-west frontier province of pakistan .
1	the band released their debut album , pablo honey , in february 1993 .
1	consequently , it is the second largest town in the ceremonial county of shropshire , after telford .
1	it is usually made of steel , or on occasion copper or brass .
1	november 15 — romanus argyrus becomes eastern roman emperor as romanus iii .
1	its aim is to support and promote nordic and faroese culture , locally and in the nordic region .
1	he was interred in the ronco cemetery in ronco , ticino , switzerland after a catholic funeral .
1	the large intestine is the last part of the digestive system—the final stage of the alimentary canal—in vertebrate animals .
1	however , during his tenure , portugal was co-founder of oecd and efta .
1	then she hid zeus in a cave on mount ida in crete .
1	as well as roman catholic there are also small old catholic and anglican franciscan communities .
1	cast actor character billy west philip j. fry / frydoprofessor farnsworth / greyfarndr .
1	by topic arts and sciences the manufacture of pens and metal writing tools begins in rome .
1	magnetic cards were introduced in 1993 as a test and were used as unlimited tickets between 1996 and 1998 .
1	some oil fields are located near the town in the seasonally inundated rann of kutch region .
1	it allows one to download world wide web sites from the internet to a local computer .
1	treatment a vast number of traditional herbal remedies were recommended for `` rheumatism '' .
1	sports orlando is the home city of the orlando magic nba team and the ucf knights college athletics teams .
1	then the theatre was closed down to enable the completion of the finishing touches .
1	official website hildburghausen is a district in thuringia , germany .
1	asia dhaka , bangladesh , is founded .
1	he was buried in the grounds of the church of ireland derralossary church in roundwood , county wicklow .
1	these are not normally used in payment , although they are legal tender .
1	mitterrand defeated the savary-mollet duo by proposing an electoral programme with the communists and took the lead .
1	much of his earlier working life was spent in the service of ludovico il moro in milan .
1	after removing the glass and engine , the duroplast was shredded and encased into cement blocks for pavement construction .
1	it also became the official language of some of the various states of india .
1	this force , by one estimate 150,000 strong , was probably the largest ever fielded by the mongols .
1	it is the westernmost municipality of åland and finland .
1	variations the dead body of a human is referred to as a cadaver , or corpse .
1	biden is the first united states vice president from delaware and the first roman catholic to attain that office .
1	for the most part , islam overlaid and mixed with existing cultural and religious influences .
1	subsidiaries & labels this list is probably incomplete , and some of the dates are uncertain .
1	joaçaba is a city situated in the state of santa catarina , brazil , with approximately 25,000 inhabitants .
1	such religious profanity is referred to as blasphemy .
1	in twelve-tone equal temperament all semitones are equal in size .
1	about 90 percent of the rainfall occurs during the southwest monsoon , lasting from about june to september .
1	framlingham castle is an important castle in the market town of framlingham , suffolk , england .
1	general reception the film received mixed reviews from critics .
1	in 2003 , nickel creek appeared on béla fleck and the flecktones 's album little worlds .
1	all the planets are controlled by the authoritarian alliance .
1	the current fashion polly dolls sold by mattel differ significantly from those originally sold by bluebird toys .
1	biography articles should only be created for people with some sort of verifiable notability .
1	the qur'an was created by god at a certain point in time .
1	blacksmith to the gods ; god of fire and the forges .
1	pamuk stated that he was consequently subjected to a hate campaign that forced him to flee the country .
1	in 804 , bad aibling was mentioned for the first time as `` epininga '' .
1	the term is a portmanteau of `` skirt '' and `` shorts '' .
1	zoey 101 , spongebob squarepants , rugrats , drake & josh , and avatar : the last airbender .
1	it is also the only semitic tongue written in the latin alphabet .
1	it makes great use of the rocky escarpments where it lives to shelter and escape danger .
1	iago steals genie 's lamp and brings it to jafar , who uses his first wish to become sultan .
1	the markhor is officially the national animal of pakistan .
1	in the 1970s he established a hindu monastery in kauai , hawaii and founded the magazine hinduism today .
1	porcupines live in forests , deserts , rocky outcrops , hillsides and grasslands .
1	it was released as an arcade game in 2001 and on the playstation 2 in 2002 .
1	the capital and largest city is nouakchott , located on the atlantic coast .
1	these reforms , together with several other relief and recovery measures , are called the first new deal .
1	dmitri shostakovich completed his symphony no . 7 in c major , op .
1	by topic religion pope benedict vi succeeds pope john xiii as pope .
1	the lord of the rings : the two towers was released 18 december 2002 .
1	the group consists of four members : aaron yan , wu chun , calvin chen , and jiro wang .
1	they are often used in a geographic reference frame , and in this capacity are sometimes called geographic counties .
1	he was the president of zambia from january 2002 until his death in august 2008 .
1	the first player to win it twice was bobby orr in 1972 .
1	the 1st infantry division moved from augsburg in 1972 until they were deactivated in 1991 .
1	the band changed its name from xero to hybrid theory .
1	the toraja are an ethnic group indigenous to a mountainous region of south sulawesi , indonesia .
1	box office performance the film premiered in los angeles on july 27 , 2008 .
1	the new structure was finished and dedicated on june 11 , 1144 , in the presence of the king .
1	arabians usually have dense , strong bone , sound feet , and good hoof walls .
1	henry shortly bf.6 may 1268 14/16 oct. 1274 buried at westminster abbey .
1	christian houses of assembly were destroyed , for fear of sedition in secret gatherings .
1	it has five electrons in its outer shell and is therefore trivalent in most compounds .
1	biography sri yukteswar was born priyanath karar in serampore , india to kshetranath karar and kadambini .
1	thus it is the largest wikipedia in a romance language .
1	it was attended by approximately a thousand people including many artists he had championed .
1	she is known for her use of imagery , especially in describing the city of los angeles .
1	the final battle took place at quipaipan , where huáscar was captured and his army disbanded .
1	a bedroom is a private room where people usually sleep for the night or relax during the day .
1	its astronomical symbol is , a stylized version of the god neptune 's trident .
1	the largest , at 3.5 tonnes , was then considered the world 's largest .
1	he spent the next ten years in concentration camps at heuberg , kuhberg , flossenbürg and dachau .
1	the host then collects the utensils , and the guests leave the tea house .
1	his next work , saturday , follows an especially eventful day in the life of a successful neurosurgeon .
1	up to sixteen species are currently recognized , including the domestic pig sus scrofa or s. domesticus .
1	as a result , two teams from the same division occasionally played each other in the stanley cup finals .
1	neptune 's ring system in 1968 .
1	the temple of artemis housed many fine works of art .
1	more than 23,000 people are employed at the property .
1	forms of bigotry may have a related ideology or world views .
1	stal mielec is a polish football club based in mielec , poland .
1	on a nine-hole course , a standard round consists of two successive nine-hole rounds .
1	the building has a mosque built around it , the masjid al-haram .
1	los angeles has twice played host to the summer olympic games , in 1932 and in 1984 .
1	undated the long war breaks out in hungary , between the habsburgs and the ottomans .
1	in his sphere , autolycus studied the characteristics and movement of a sphere .
1	it is a spherical bacterium , frequently part of the skin flora found in the nose and on skin .
1	salta is a city in northwestern argentina and the capital city of the salta province .
1	the bordering states are kerala to the west , karnataka to the northwest and andhra pradesh to the north .
1	it was adapted to screenplay by mary agnes donoghue from janet fitch 's novel of the same name .
1	references bibliography books david p. forsythe : humanitarian politics : the international committee of the red cross .
1	references see also taurus mountains alborz mountains external links zagros , photos from iran , livius .
1	these settlements are nestled on mountain ridges about 20 kilometres from the city of abbottabad .
1	this and all following councils are not recognized by the assyrian church of the east .
1	chorlton-cum-hardy is a suburban area of the city of manchester , in north west england .
1	agriculture erode district in tamil nadu state is a very important market centre for coconut in avalpoondurai .
1	eastman was a founding member of the s.e.m . ensemble .
1	pecq is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of hainaut .
1	although babbage 's machines were mechanical and unwieldy , their basic architecture was very similar to a modern computer .
1	happiness is a state of mind or feeling characterized by contentment , satisfaction , pleasure , or joy .
1	spider and son role in the red hot chili peppers kiedis supplies most of the chili peppers ' lyrics .
1	the giant panda 's closest ursine relative is the spectacled bear of south america .
1	she also worked for the government of the union of burma .
1	nevertheless , the contact with the vienna circle stimulated wittgenstein intellectually and revived his interest in philosophy .
1	coca-cola was sold in bottles for the first time on march 12 , 1894 .
1	the wood also yields a red dye called brazilin , which oxidizes to brazilein .
1	originally there were two courtyards inside and residential buildings against the walls .
1	norse mythology , a sea serpent , and the middle child of the giantess angrboða and the god loki .
1	john kennedy claimed that their debut album is 'one of the best of 2006 ' .
1	on january 15 , 1936 , the first building to be completely covered in glass was constructed in toledo .
1	she had been married to gabe watson for 11 days .
1	he is mainly recalled as a painter of portraits .
1	splash included brief nudity on the part of star daryl hannah and occasional inappropriate language , earning a pg-rating .
1	assisi was hit by two devastating earthquakes , that shook umbria in september 1997 .
1	it became a tropical storm on the 21st , and spared the islands as it turned northward .
1	the same review also found condom use significantly reduces the risk of gonorrhea for men .
1	awans is a belgian municipality located in the walloon province of liège .
1	the canton 's infrastructure was badly damaged and at least 400 people were killed .
1	avalanches are likely to be triggered on many slopes even if only light loads [ 2 ] are applied .
1	one of the most important debates over the sermon is how directly it should be applied to everyday life .
1	texas instruments announces the development of the first transistor radio .
1	animal species such as cats that walk on their toes are described as being digitigrade .
1	not only was this inefficient , but it had proved costly to film producers .
1	they are located between soufrière and choiseul on the western side of the island .
1	waarschoot is a municipality located in the flemish province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	function underwear is worn for a variety of reasons .
1	marl is a town and a municipality in the district of recklinghausen , in north rhine-westphalia , germany .
1	warsaw became the capital of the newly-independent poland in 1918 .
1	on october 11 , 1946 , he married the actress lotti geissler .
1	gaborone is one of the fastest-growing cities in the world .
1	aesthetics : a reader in the philosophy of the arts .
1	smackdown general manager theodore long made a battle royal for the vacant title .
1	dettelbach is a town in the district of kitzingen in the regierungsbezirk unterfranken in bavaria , germany .
1	he died on 2 april 2005 after a long period of ill-health and was buried on 8 april 2005 .
1	gaufrid is consecrated as the first abbot of dunfermline abbey .
1	early cephalopods were likely predators near the top of the food chain .
1	the show starred faith ford as hope shanowski and kelly ripa as faith fairfield .
1	they are much hardier than other citrus plants such as oranges .
1	in february 2008 , the assembly of kosovo declared kosovo 's independence as the republic of kosovo .
1	complementary colors are pairs of colors that are of “ opposite ” hue in some color model .
1	moscow is burned down and its inhabitants are killed .
1	nizhny novgorod video 2 created by josé antonio lozano rodriguez .
1	according to the 1831 census it covered an area of .
1	he was president of the federal republic of germany from 1984 to 1994 .
1	the 1940 stanley cup finals started in madison square garden in new york .
1	they use a renewable energy source and are designed to operate for decades .
1	the card index led to the identification of about 2 million pows and the ability to contact their families .
1	it was played for the first time on bbc radio 1 on 18 june .
1	infection of the urethra is urethritis , said to be more common in females than males .
1	in addition , there are 53 community centers .
1	soon after they have released their egg or sperm , they die .
1	müller moved to bristol in 1832 to begin working at bethesda chapel .
1	florian currently fights as a lightweight for the ultimate fighting championship .
1	the winner is the person who completes the course in the shortest time .
1	kapingamarangi is an atoll and a municipality in the state of pohnpei of the federated states of micronesia .
1	permanent anchors come in a wide range of types and have no standard form .
1	glycoproteins are important for white blood cell recognition , especially in mammals .
1	angoulême , a town and commune in south-western france tulle , a small town in the correze department .
1	the city of peshawar , as well as being the provincial capital , is the capital of the district .
1	it is located about 3 km north west of lenzburg .
1	abuja is the capital city of nigeria .
1	fingernails and toenails are made of a tough protein called keratin , as are animals ' hooves and horns .
1	because a mother can not marry her son , figaro is let off the hook .
1	heusden-zolder is a municipality located in the belgian province of limburg near hasselt .
1	thus , xx mammals are female and xy are male .
1	quantum mechanics is important for understanding how individual atoms combine covalently to form chemicals or molecules .
1	the combination of these events marked the end to hannibal 's success in italy .
1	scheme is a multi-paradigm programming language .
1	the magic fire started near the old road at magic mountain parkway on the west side of santa clarita .
1	they were finally subdued by the spanish in 1697 .
1	a person who is seeking to be recognized as a refugee is an asylum seeker .
1	the earliest evidence of fundamentally bipedal hominids can be observed at the site of laetoli in tanzania .
1	according to the 1996 census the department has a total population of 15,524 .
1	mindroling was heavily damaged in 1718 by the dzungar mongols from east turkistan .
1	her father , sir leslie stephen , was a notable author , critic and mountaineer .
1	a drunken peasant breaks into the cellar , finds zinovy 's body and goes to fetch the police .
1	dobryanka is considered to be one of the oldest inhabited localities of perm krai .
1	with their foremost general defeated , the carthaginians had no choice but to accept defeat and surrender to rome .
1	the main river is the lahn , a tributary of the rhine river .
1	he made his debut at la scala in the same year as the chevalier danois in gluck 's armide .
1	hamlin attended the district schools and hebron academy there , and later managed his father 's farm .
1	it is a concept album centering on a character known as `` the patient '' .
1	it was the first major theorem to be proven using a computer .
1	in 1991 , he met terri raines at the park , while performing a demonstration .
1	rudy the clown is the main antagonist of wario land 3 .
1	substituting templates prevents newcomers from learning to use templates , and prevents users from finding their documentation .
1	in fear of jasper , rosa goes to mr. grewgious in london .
1	undated the two colonies of the canadas are merged into the province of canada .
1	there are currently sixteen clubs in the national rugby league .
1	one of the best known and most typical of such façades is that of notre dame de paris .
1	the names for sunday through friday were replaced according to the interpretatio romana of the germanic gods .
1	charles the bald received the western portion , which later became france .
1	in north america , examination levels include newcomer , bronze , silver , gold and championship .
1	the longest-tenured members of genesis are phil collins , mike rutherford , and tony banks .
1	general in a general sense , the term debris is used to refer to man-made garbage .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 19,773 .
1	lobbes is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of hainaut .
1	education during 1977 , grisham received a bachelor of science degree in accounting from mississippi state university .
1	legal status the hunting of lynx is illegal in many countries .
1	lines are marked at distances of 13 m , 20m and 45 m from each end-line .
1	mogtédo is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	many etruscan beliefs , customs and divinities became part of roman culture , including the roman pantheon .
1	in principle , a postal service can be private or public .
1	it is commonly regarded as the southernmost city in the world .
1	the film is an adaptation of the 1962 novel one flew over the cuckoo 's nest by ken kesey .
1	when it was first introduced , the acronym ntfs was understood to stand for new technology file system .
1	a hypothesis requires more work by the researcher in order to either confirm or disprove it .
1	however a few carnivorous sponges have lost these water flow systems and the choanocytes .
1	immortals olympian deities greek name !
1	however , wikipedia can not guarantee the validity of the information found here .
1	in super bowl xliv , the afc champion will be the `` home '' team .
1	biography he was born in reus , a town near tarragona in the autonomous community of catalonia in spain .
1	the capital and second largest city of the united arab emirates is abu dhabi .
1	at this time , there were many highwaymen operating around the area where ben hall lived .
1	it is the opposite of northwest .
1	vincent massey is sworn in as the first canada-born governor-general of canada .
1	for this work he was awarded the nobel prize in literature in 1946 .
1	it is , together with hurling , one of the two most popular spectator sports in ireland .
1	the islands form an autonomous part of the kingdom of the netherlands .
1	substitution increases the size of articles in the database and database dumps .
1	the da vinci code is a 2003 mystery-detective fiction novel written by american author dan brown .
1	this condition can be easily treated by a qualified medical professional .
1	the islands ' administrative centre and only burgh is lerwick .
1	since that time , it has been referred to as the `` posh part of bonn '' .
1	it is called a pseudocereal to emphasize that it is not related to wheat .
1	henry viii had three legitimate children who survived him , all of whom ascended to the crown .
1	discovery and name hygiea was discovered by annibale de gasparis on april 12 , 1849 in naples , italy .
1	law and government caswell county is a member of the regional piedmont triad council of governments .
1	over the course of his long career , geisel wrote over 60 books .
1	gesves is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	a little later in the same year , steuart wilson was appointed director of music at the bbc .
1	discovery and observations ida was discovered on 29 september 1884 by austrian astronomer johann palisa at the vienna observatory .
1	rich , t. h. , et al .
1	with the addition of lita , the team became known as team xtreme and continued to rise in popularity .
1	see white russians for opponents of bolsheviks .
1	there have been at least four major ice ages in the earth 's past .
1	she went on to win two awards for female video of the year and video of the year .
1	this is a reference to pan 's role as a shepherd moon .
1	kaiserswerth eventually became a suburb of düsseldorf in 1929 .
1	in the television series babylon 5 , earthdome , the capital of the earth alliance is located in geneva .
1	the north american war of 1812 between the united states and the united kingdom of great britain and ireland .
1	it is used for the service of drinks and generally serves as a convenient side table .
1	semi-fossilized resin or sub-fossil amber is known as copal .
1	it was published in 1966 as an ace double , along with avram davidson 's the kar-chee reign .
1	he was one of walt disney 's team of animators known as the nine old men .
1	its surface features include large craters and high mountains .
1	the county is famous for the production of cheshire cheese , salt and silk .
1	fc eintracht bamberg is a german football club from the city of bamberg , bavaria .
1	mythology in greek mythology , sagittarius is identified as a centaur , half human , half horse .
1	sadly , the model never got to the showroom in the united kingdom .
1	the series ended with 13 episodes in its only season .
1	some teams used light blue for their road uniforms from the 1970s to the early 1990s .
1	aurora is the latin word for dawn , the goddess of dawn in roman mythology and latin poetry .
1	characteristics physical beryllium has one of the highest melting points of the light metals .
1	undated estimation : beijing becomes the largest city of the world , taking the lead from istanbul .
1	new horizons is a nasa robotic spacecraft mission currently en route to the dwarf planet pluto .
1	subspecies there are two subspecies .
1	thus , the boundary layer over the body grows and can often merge with the thin shock layer .
1	not all rivers move in the shortest path down hill , however .
1	from 1985 to 1998 he served as prime minister of the saarland .
1	the following is a list of solar system objects by orbit , ordered by increasing distance from the sun .
1	the study of these devices is called horology .
1	politics lorenz joined the nazi party in 1938 and accepted a university chair under the nazi regime .
1	the empire had strong trading links with china and southeast asia .
1	at the end of each round , all bets are gathered into the central pot .
1	her father , amos kling , was displeased with flossie 's choice .
1	some seedless plants can also be considered annuals even though they do not grow a flower .
1	he wrote over 200 , on texts by such poets as hugo and lamartine .
1	to canossa the situation now became extremely critical for henry .
1	a free good is available in as great a quantity as desired with zero opportunity cost to society .
1	the channel was established by the turkish businessmen erol aksoy and haldun simavi on march 1 , 1992 .
1	this city was the capital of the kingdom of kush for several centuries .
1	marche-en-famenne is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of luxembourg .
1	when ippolito died in 1520 , willaert entered the service of duke alfonso of ferrara .
1	the americans withdrew from the line of contact in july 1945 to the previously agreed upon occupation zone boundaries .
1	the city is located on the right bank of the red river .
1	training differs from exercise in that people may dabble in exercise as an occasional activity for fun .
1	gin is a spirit flavoured with juniper berries .
1	the county administration is in oslo , which is not part of the county per se .
1	plot good night , and good luck .
1	honiara has a harbour from which ferries depart to the various provinces .
1	charsadda is a district in the north-west frontier province of pakistan that contains the town of charsadda .
1	as of february 2007 , the site has been suspended and is no longer available .
1	meanwhile , hannibal had defeated fulvius at herdonea in apulia , but lost tarentum in the following year .
1	australia has also made special issues of 20-cent and one-dollar coins .
1	john harvey , the gothic world architectural gothic architecture grew out of the previous architectural genre , romanesque .
1	in addition to the lute , he also played the harpsichord and guitar .
1	switzerland is a federal republic consisting of 26 states , called cantons .
1	his body was returned to seoul and buried in the national cemetery on july 27 that same year .
1	it is the typical climate of the capital city bratislava .
1	with a population of 541,733 as per the , it is the 7th largest city in argentina .
1	telebikun magazine , august 2009 gacktjob gacktjob is gackt 's live support band .
1	it is likely that gamlestev were originally danced .
1	the famous guinness brewery is founded in st. james 's gate , dublin ireland .
1	tungsten is extracted from its ores in several stages .
1	typically , this involves knowing how the system works and finding a secret key .
1	international relations twin towns - sister cities vilnius has 14 twin towns and sister cities .
1	the capital city of amman is in the north-west .
1	it is a parliamentary democracy and a republic .
1	both president carter and his wife , rosalynn , were born in plains .
1	external links coffea arabica by james a. duke — detailed information about this species .
1	it gained independence from south africa on 21 march 1990 following the namibian war of independence .
1	it is a member of the developing 8 countries .
1	further in skáldskaparmál , snorri relates a story where loki cuts off sif 's hair as a prank .
1	in 1952 , the united nations resolved to federate the former colony under ethiopian rule .
1	she married richard mcdermott in 1978 , and divorced him 10 years later .
1	knockout a fighter falls from a legal blow and is either unconscious or unable to immediately continue .
1	paul of tarsus begins his third mission .
1	the waters surrounding the peninsula are important spiny lobster and red snapper fishing grounds .
1	the buddha 's final words were , `` all composite things pass away .
1	the name han comes from the han dynasty , which succeeded the short-lived qin dynasty that united china .
1	since a henagon has only one side and only one interior angle , every henagon is regular by definition .
1	history the northern ireland ambulance service was formed on 1 april 1995 through the amalgamation of its 4 predecessors .
1	during the '70s , phelps and calvo also collaborated on research regarding optimal contracts under asymmetric information .
1	it is named after the norwegian skater axel paulsen , who first performed the jump in 1882 .
1	it was consolidated , together with kiihtelysvaara , to municipality of joensuu on january 1 , 2005 .
1	in 1678 , french troops under the command of françois de créquy fired at the city .
1	minor damage was also reported to several homes , mainly due to fallen trees .
1	it is also used in some online gambling sites as a form of novelty betting .
1	the first portuguese governor is appointed to macau .
1	this is a list of traditional names for stars , mostly derived from arabic and latin .
1	in pathology , it specifically refers to a sharp injury which damages the dermis of the skin .
1	elite beat agents was released under nintendo 's touch !
1	in the soviet union it was lenin ; in east germany , it was ernst thälmann .
1	mrs. hoover died of a heart attack in new york city on january 7 , 1944 .
1	since their inception , the ducks have played their home games at honda center .
1	the current version of the tour of britain is part of the uci europe tour .
1	mustansiriya university is founded in baghdad .
1	lp , 39/smooth in early 1990 .
1	voting was conducted by telephone and text messaging .
1	the 2002 formula one season was the 53rd fia formula one world championship season .
1	in computing , the kernel is the central component of most computer operating systems .
1	the first of more than sixty film appearances was say it with music in 1932 .
1	barr , however , died before he could join ecw with guerrero .
1	it stars marlon brando , eva marie saint , rod steiger , karl malden and lee j. cobb .
1	most of them are either sikh , muslim , agnostic or atheist in their modern religious or non-religious affiliations .
1	this estimate includes 158 earthquake relief workers who were killed in landslides as they tried to repair roads .
1	the seat of the district is the town of echallens .
1	augustus breaks off the engagement of claudius to paullus ' daughter aemilia lepida .
1	accordingly , a deficiency in either of these factors may increase the chance of an identity crisis or confusion .
1	this phenomenon is known as a deletion anomaly .
1	the 1996 formula one season was the 47th fia formula one world championship season .
1	the city centre is west of the river hull and close to the humber .
1	history etymology armenian chroniclers such as yeghishe and ghazar parpetsi first mentioned ani in the 5th century ad .
1	in 1689 samuel had married susanna annesley , twenty-fifth child of dr samuel annesley , a puritan pastor .
1	last fuel on the western side is at the mount dare hotel and store .
1	the sisterhood of the traveling pants is a series of four bestselling young adult novels by ann brashares .
1	the town of alice springs straddles the usually dry todd river on the northern side of the macdonnell ranges .
1	burial henry iii was interred at the saint denis basilica .
1	geography rostock is located nearly centrally on mecklenburg-vorpommern 's baltic sea coast .
1	congress of visegrád : the monarchs of bohemia , hungary , and poland form an anti-habsburg alliance .
1	king gave his famous i have a dream speech , which was carried live by tv stations .
1	some prisoners were not discouraged by this , and tried to escape .
1	larches are conifers in the genus larix , in the family pinaceae .
1	in line with sinn féin policy , he refused to take his seat in the house of commons .
1	the russell archives at mcmaster university also have more than 30,000 letters that he wrote .
1	soon , they became best friends .
1	in 1996 it was the scene of the worst mass murder event in post-colonial australian history .
1	leuggelbach is a village and former municipality in the canton of glarus , switzerland .
1	as of the 2008-09 season , it was the last season that the detroit red wings missed the playoffs .
1	like her renaissance counterparts , inara enjoys high social standing .
1	in 1859 , the eastern part of the remainder of ashe county became alleghany county .
1	the civil war ended with the parliamentary victory at the battle of worcester on 3 september 1651 .
1	the prolific asimov also wrote mysteries and fantasy , as well as a great amount of non-fiction .
1	the following year , the event was rebranded as a pay-per-view .
1	to save his life , harth deliberately drank the vampire 's blood , thereby becoming a vampire himself .
1	the city of jhang is the capital of the district .
1	bièvre is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	lyrical themes lyrics in doom metal play a very important role .
1	english is widely spoken and is the language of government and commerce .
1	the two streams run through the estate , one of them the glamis burn .
1	the capital of the district is cully , but used to be lutry .
1	nathi gali is a remnant from the period of british government , it is totally made of wood .
1	it was a herbivore that walked both as a biped and a quadruped .
1	history first baptist church was founded in november 1887 by allen hill of jennings county , indiana .
1	as of july 16 , 2003 , the city had an estimated population of 40,342 .
1	altoids are a brand of breath mints that have existed since the turn of the 19th century .
1	owing to a now well established history , ploughs are particularly popular with cruising sailors and other private boaters .
1	traditionally , the leader of the national party serves as deputy prime minister when the coalition is in government .
1	she died at the royal palace of aranjuez , on the outskirts of madrid , spain in 1758 .
1	allentown 's climate is considered to fall in the humid continental climate zone .
1	however , the word `` claws '' is most often used in reference to an invertebrate .
1	duels could be fought with some sort of sword or , from the 18th century on , with pistols .
1	in 1816 , while in command of the brothers he was shipwrecked in the kent group , bass strait .
1	it was directed by steven spielberg and written by josh friedman and david koepp .
1	nearctic died at woodstock farm at age nineteen on july 27 , 1973 .
1	after the third punic war , the city was destroyed by the romans in 146 bc .
1	the hail mary is used within roman catholicism , and it forms the basis of the rosary .
1	kolmogorov died in moscow in 1987 .
1	a phycologist is a person who studies algae as described above .
1	the preferred travel route to a trading post or between trading posts , is known as a trade route .
1	wernher von braun is sometimes said to be the preeminent rocket engineer of the 20th century .
1	biography nikodinov is the daughter of bulgarian immigrants and speaks bulgarian fluently .
1	it is located between aachen and cologne on the river rur .
1	spain is a democracy organised in the form of a parliamentary government under a constitutional monarchy .
1	it is believed that it can sanitize meat that may not be so fresh .
1	today the entire building is used to house the cathedral of the diocese of córdoba in spain .
1	the empire came to an end with the attack of the huns from central asia .
1	after the couple married in 1993 , evans returned to nashville in 1995 , where evans began recording demos .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 59,383 .
1	in 1439 he completed one of his most famous works , the altarpiece for st. marco 's , florence .
1	table of katakana this is a table of katakana together with their hepburn romanization .
1	hannibal thereupon went into voluntary exile .
1	large ships have several masts , with the size and configuration depending on the style of ship .
1	bakker 1987 grammar basque is an ergative-absolutive language .
1	the spanish confederación nacional del trabajo played and still plays a major role in the spanish labour movement .
1	others roman amphitheatre and museum .
1	the sheffield club is officially recognised by fifa as the oldest football club in the world .
1	the law also set the price of beer at 1-2 pfennig per maß .
1	when a solid is heated above its melting point , it becomes liquid .
1	usually , the female panda gives birth to one or two panda cubs .
1	current mayor richard m. daley , son of the late richard j. daley , was elected in 1989 .
1	it also changed its name as it was first called u8 .
1	education blake was educated at chislehurst and sidcup grammar school secondary school .
1	the office of messenger was abolished in 1859 .
1	it symbolizes the clerical state of magdeburg , to which the southern and middle part of the district belonged .
1	vättern has been famous for the excellent quality of its transparent water .
1	all un member states regard its territory as de jure part of moldova .
1	in 1946 and 1947 he worked in a mine and received a stonemason 's education .
1	at , lake victoria is africa ’ s largest lake , and the largest tropical lake in the world .
1	in the modern western world , g-strings are often only worn by females .
1	some genera of tarantula hunt prey primarily in trees ; others hunt on or near the ground .
1	crater lake is a caldera lake located in the u.s. state of oregon .
1	bollywood plots have tended to be melodramatic .
1	native italian speakers are largely concentrated along the western coast of peninsula istria .
1	in addition to buses , it also operates a ferry service in the northern reaches of the city .
1	cartwright has voiced dozens of animated characters , including chuckie finster in rugrats and all grown up !
1	no damage was reported in maine .
1	his first grand tour was the 1967 giro d'italia , in which he won two stages and finished ninth .
1	it forms the largest prefecture on the peloponnesian peninsula .
1	dividends are payments made by a corporation to its shareholder members .
1	birth control is commonly used as part of family planning .
1	the new polly doll is larger and has a more life-like appearance than the original dolls .
1	gandhi returned to india and decided to resume the civil disobedience movement in january 1932 .
1	the royal capital of egypt during the old kingdom was located at memphis , where djoser established his court .
1	the city of mardan is the headquarters of the district .
1	colin is no relation to tom baker , who played the fourth doctor in doctor who for seven years .
1	michelle williams sang the annual rendition of `` america the beautiful '' before the show .
1	other links google earth : a visual 3d interactive atlas .
1	the sm-65 atlas was a missile built by the convair division of general dynamics .
1	events by place europe canute the great invades england .
1	budai then took up his bag and continued on his way .
1	project structure as with most free software projects , the gnome project is loosely managed .
1	their testes are located outside of the body , suspended by the spermatic cord within the scrotum .
1	consequences of severe malaria include coma and death if untreated—young children and pregnant women are especially vulnerable .
1	xenophobia is a dislike and/or fear of that which is unknown or different from oneself .
1	winchester is the oldest of the original nine english public schools as defined by the public schools act 1868 .
1	he discovered or co-discovered several comets , including 23p/brorsen-metcalf and 97p/metcalf-brewington ; he also discovered a number of asteroids .
1	finnish troops and the remaining population are immediately evacuated .
1	procycling , uk , may 2000 merckx is known as a quiet and modest person .
1	even her own mother failed to recognize her while she was disguised .
1	the current coptic catholic patriarch of alexandria is archbishop antonios naguib , who replaced stephanos ii in 2005 .
1	undated the siege of rostock ends .
1	in 1973 he founded the küchl quartett which is now known as the wiener musikverein quartett .
1	events by place roman empire lucius aelius sejanus is named co-consul to the emperor tiberius .
1	he began preaching regularly in nearby churches and continued meeting with the other churches .
1	events of 1688 january – june march – william dampier makes the first recorded visit to christmas island .
1	gergiev is also associated with numerous music festivals , including the white nights festival in saint petersburg .
1	over a thousand competitors took part in 19 different sports .
1	janet champion and slavka kohout of the united states were also doing this spin before denise biellmann .
1	strangely , they do not choose the background colour and may not even be able to perceive colour differences .
1	this process is called mounting a file system .
1	sonneberg is a city in thuringia , germany , which is seat of the district sonneberg .
1	in appearance crane flies seem long and gangly , with very long legs , and a long slender abdomen .
1	miscellaneous orthodox judaismleviticus 22:24 , talmud shabbos 110b and islam forbid the castration of either humans or animals .
1	college career romo played college football at eastern illinois university in charleston , illinois .
1	the barracks began to be expanded and was used as the 28th infantry division headquarters .
1	it was the venue through which american football first gained popularity in the united states .
1	ali converted from the nation of islam sect to mainstream sunni islam in 1975 .
1	she was known world wide and awarded the national art prize in 1970 in recognition of her works .
1	birth hermes was born on mount cyllene in arcadia .
1	according to nintendo 's official japanese website , marth was put in super smash bros .
1	it replaced the nanjing-based romanization systems that had been common until late in the 19th century .
1	people and culture kuopio is known as the cultural center of eastern finland .
1	it reached its height of popularity in the united states during world war ii when coffee was sharply rationed .
1	the venus of tan-tan is an alleged artefact found in morocco .
1	most of its industry was in the hands of german firms .
1	however , contemporary rules of the roman catholic church prohibited roman catholics from attending services in non-catholic churches .
1	paula jones accuses u.s. president bill clinton of sexual harassment .
1	a hallucination , in the broadest sense , is a perception in the absence of a stimulus .
1	when she leaves , a marriage procession with masetto and zerlina enters .
1	president rafael trujillo reconstructed the city and named it ciudad trujillo after himself .
1	new york served as the capital of the united states from 1785 until 1790 .
1	she convinces the countess to lure the acrobat away to a hotel where schilgolch will murder him .
1	she is coached by the mother/daughter combination of albina and irina deriugina at the deriugins school in kiev .
1	career jones was born in manchester , england on 30 december 1945 .
1	syria would remain the base of umayyad power until the end of the dynasty in 750 ad .
1	he attended swarthmore college , where he played basketball , and joined the phi delta theta fraternity .
1	he is also known for his work as a social activist , particularly as an advocate for animal rights .
1	the official language for all flemish institutions is dutch .
1	the falklands war begins : argentina invades the falkland islands .
1	she also started her own company , make music , during this sabbatical .
1	personal life on may 3 , 2003 , leblanc married his girlfriend of six years , melissa mcknight .
1	lucius aelius sejanus unsuccessfully attempts to marry the widow of drusus julius caesar .
1	timberlake supported the album by co-headlining the justified/stripped tour with christina aguilera in the summer of 2003 .
1	as indicated by its initial name , the ump generally supported the policies of president jacques chirac .
1	eleanor had only one other legitimate sibling , a younger sister named aelith but always called petronilla .
1	scandal during the 1990s schuhbeck amassed up to dm 60 million from business partners for capital investments .
1	as a result , much of the town centre was rebuilt in an undistinguished concrete utility style .
1	the word itself refers to the armour material , not the garment made from it .
1	marina , a brightwing bat , is shade 's newfound friend .
1	fiction records in april 2007 , nash was signed to the polydor offshoot fiction records .
1	alveolar bone the alveolar bone is the bone of the jaw which forms the alveolus around teeth .
1	roy 's number 33 is retired by both the montreal canadiens and colorado avalanche .
1	writer is a word processor similar to microsoft word and corel 's wordperfect , with some of their features .
1	recognition in 1996 asteroid 9793 torvalds was named after linus torvalds .
1	malvern is an urban area in worcestershire , england .
1	several other genera have been proposed to split up the genus oriolus .
1	the group is generally known as the old world rats or true rats , and originated in asia .
1	in holland they were called stadspijpers , in germany stadtpfeifer and in italy pifferi .
1	a slide projector is an opto-mechanical device to view photographic slides .
1	boudry is a department or commune of ganzourgou province in central-eastern burkina faso .
1	this pottery was a sacred substance , formed in significant shapes and used to represent important themes .
1	in late august 2004 some reports started emerging predicting a london and paris tie in the 2012 bid .
1	overview gabriel fauré is regarded as the master of the french art song , or mélodie .
1	nazism is often considered by scholars to be a form of fascism .
1	thus , alexandria was in the third nome ; bubastis was in the eighteenth .
1	absinthe had also never been banned in spain or portugal , where it continued to be made .
1	he died on 1 june 2008 of brain cancer at his residence in paris .
1	as of 2005 , its population is 42,189 .
1	bangui is the capital of and the largest city in the central african republic .
1	the first recorded use of grey as a color name in english was in 700 ad .
1	historic boundaries areas historically part of warwickshire include coventry , solihull , and most of birmingham .
1	cold fronts can move up to twice as fast and produce sharper changes in weather than warm fronts .
1	as of 2000 , the population was 141,685 .
1	the state capital is montpelier , and the largest city and metropolitan area is burlington .
1	the first 17-second passage of current through kemmler caused unconsciousness , but failed to stop his heart and breathing .
1	it has been the subject of many renovations and upgrades in order to meet current triple-a standards .
1	he made his japanese debut wearing a mask and assuming the name the pegasus kid .
1	facebook is a social networking website that is operated and privately owned by facebook , inc .
1	akademie burg fürsteneck eiterfeld is a municipality in the district of fulda , in hesse , germany .
1	grove online the madrigal was the most important secular form of music of its time .
1	sapieha died on 23 july 1951 , and his funeral on 28 july turned into a demonstration .
1	june march 4 john adams is sworn in as the 2nd president of the united states of america .
1	the player can also use his or her pokémon to battle other pokémon .
1	seven similar posts were also captured in the widespread indian uprising against the british presence .
1	georgraphy chakswari comprises partly plain and partly hilly areas .
1	examples of everyday liquids besides water are mineral oil and gasoline .
1	written and spoken chinese as well as old west dialect are also employed .
1	they were merged again in 1994 , but now under the name `` altenburger land '' .
1	it provides a comprehensive and detailed statistical overview of various aspects of the economy and social conditions in australia .
1	eucalypts draw a tremendous amount of water from the soil through the process of transpiration .
1	he is also thought of as a god of wealth .
1	nevertheless , estudiantes obtained the title at the end of the apertura 2006 .
1	modern history during the second world war , the usaaf operated an airfield outside the town .
1	the town has been the scene of several leftist and progressive movements in the past .
1	he then became a postdoctoral fellow at the laboratory of molecular biology in cambridge england .
1	they are often shown as small in stature and not very attractive creatures .
1	this type of absinthe is known as a verte .
1	pomeroy , 1975 the laws regarding a divorce were the same for both men and women .
1	the success of a farewell to arms made hemingway financially independent .
1	alpha centauri is the closest star system to our solar system .
1	tropical storm helena formed from an easterly wave on october 25 .
1	biography early life when he was thirteen , he attended sarah mcgarvin school located in westminster , california .
1	legacy in 1917 , the first pulitzer prizes were awarded , in accordance with pulitzer 's wishes .
1	zomergem is a municipality located in the flanders and in the province of east flanders , in belgium .
1	livejournal allows users to customize their accounts in several ways .
1	traditionally , the study of history has been considered a part of the humanities .
1	in 1952 there was an administrative reform splitting the districts into two smaller units , called altenburg and schmölln .
1	roxette is a swedish pop music duo , consisting of marie fredriksson and per gessle .
1	illegal smuggling of tobacco became prevalent , and many leaders of the nazi anti-smoking campaign were executed .
1	lorenzo rapidly weakened , and dissipated later that afternoon as the final advisory was issued .
1	ahd4 , headwords aurochs , urus , wisent. , mwu , headwords aurochs , urus , wisent .
1	events of 1800 world population was nearing 1 billion people , at 978 million .
1	the postal codes used in the united kingdom are known as postcodes .
1	in the first year , 1967 , gimnasia y esgrima devoted itself champion of the `` promocional '' tournament .
1	the `` injury '' gave kane time to complete his starring role in the film , see no evil .
1	uniform numbers are placed behind baseball uniforms and sometimes on the both the backs and fronts of uniforms .
1	celles is a walloon municipality of belgium located in the province of hainaut .
1	tesla may have suffered from obsessive-compulsive disorder , kerryr.net and had many unusual quirks and phobias .
1	the definition of an essay is vague , overlapping with those of an article and a short story .
1	references external links brauereiausschank schlenkerla - official website of the schlenkerla historical brewery and tavern bamberger-bier .
1	the box tops were a memphis pop music group of the second half of the 1960s .
1	for administrative purposes , pianosa forms part of the elba island municipality .
1	he is also sometimes displayed with a mongoose , often shown ejecting jewels from its mouth .
1	copenhagen is situated on the islands of zealand and amager .
1	in one game , the bruins shut out toronto 6–0 , while they lost the other game 8–0 .
1	the 26 cantons of switzerland are the member states of the federal state of switzerland .
1	he was one of the best known musical artists of the 1950s and 1960s .
1	pizza the dish most commonly associated with oregano is pizza .
1	x-men : the last stand is a 2006 superhero film and the third in the x-men series .
1	what not to do if your rfa was closed early but do n't : worry about it .
1	humans have had a dramatic effect on the environment .
1	the head of the commission is the lord mayor of the city of london .
1	dreamlinux is a brazilian computer operating system based on debian gnu/linux .
1	in the netherlands and flanders , pancakes are called pannekoeken and eaten at dinnertime .
1	a zebra foal is brown and white instead of black and white at birth .
1	these simple undecorated grouped windows are found at chartres and laon cathedrals and are used extensively in italy .
1	the rolling stones release their debut album , the rolling stones .
1	geographic range on land , these snakes are found worldwide in tropical and subtropical regions , except in europe .
1	in common with the younger australopithecus africanus , a. afarensis was slenderly built .
1	stone grinding stone grinding is an art form in and of itself .
1	they band together as a way of achieving these goals and advancing their agenda and position within the organization .
1	ratchet recovers the robot from the wreckage , nicknaming him `` clank '' .
1	auenstein is a municipality in the district of brugg in the canton of aargau in switzerland .
1	july 2 north vietnam and south vietnam unite to form the socialist republic of vietnam .
1	nouvelle-église is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
1	boys like girls is the eponymous debut album from the band boys like girls .
1	salem is a city in fulton county , arkansas , united states .
1	programs are currently being undertaken by the tasmanian government to reduce the impact of the disease .
1	she has also written chamber and instrumental music , film scores , theatre music , and music for amateurs .
1	this is most commonly observed when a wave passes from one medium to another .
1	saint-christophe-du-luat is a commune in the mayenne department in northwestern france .
1	it is the highest-pitched instrument in an orchestra or band .
1	laura elizabeth dern ( born february 10 , 1967 ) is an american actress , film director and producer .
1	it is the principal male sex hormone and an anabolic steroid .
1	it consists of one central phosphorus atom surrounded by four identical oxygen atoms in a tetrahedral arrangement .
1	saint-martin-des-monts is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
1	the juice can also be used in jellies and jams , usually in combination with other fruits or berries .
1	law and government burke county is a member of the regional western piedmont council of governments .
1	legal career goethe studied law in leipzig from 1765 to 1768 .
1	this is also called pseudorandomness and is the kind used in pseudo-random number generators .
1	red flag linux a distribution developed in china and optimized for the chinese market .
1	j. pat o'malley ... colonel hathi the elephant/buzzie the vulture verna felton voiced winifred , colonel hathi 's wife .
1	portable document format ( pdf ) is a file format created by adobe systems in 1993 for document exchange .
1	overview it was contested by 36 teams , and montpellier and stade brest won the championship .
1	the event was organized by bob geldof and midge ure to raise funds for famine relief in ethiopia .
1	the story continues 67 days after the crash .
1	trygve halvdan lie ( ; 16 july , 1896 30 december , 1968 ) was a norwegian politician .
1	90 1260 to 1274 emperor kameyama tsunehito traditional dates .
1	double international all blacks rugby union and black caps cricket player jeff wilson .
1	its average elevation is 250 m above sea level .
1	bailleul-sir-berthoult is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
1	boogeyman executed a falling chokebomb on booker and pinned him to get the victory .
1	the third match was for the world heavyweight championship with champion , edge taking on rey mysterio .
1	protagoras is generally regarded as the first of the sophists .
1	the city is the administrative capital of the gniezno county ( powiat ) .
1	young is situated in a valley , with surrounding hills to show .
1	saint-simon is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
1	in the 16th century native americans referred to it as sapokanikan ( `` tobacco field '' ) .
1	chierry is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
1	a good only partially completed during the manufacturing process is called `` work in process '' .
1	bitterfeld-wolfen bitterfeld-wolfen1 , 2 bobbau friedersdorf mühlbeck 2 .
1	international criminal court , 17 october 2006 .
1	saint-jean-des-essartiers is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
1	all harps have a neck , resonator and strings .
1	hurricane camille was the third and strongest tropical cyclone and second hurricane during the 1969 atlantic hurricane season .
1	he is also the founder of the production company syncopy films .
1	its area has been estimated at 33 339 km² .
1	dannes is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
1	if absorbed , the pressure is the power flux density divided by the speed of light .
1	achicourt is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in northern france .
1	figaro finally lets on that he has recognized susanna 's voice , and they make peace .
1	allende then graduated with a medical degree in 1926 at the university of chile .
1	the game was developed by infinity ward and published by activision .
1	a term with no variables is called a constant term , or just a constant .
1	he started to play the piano at the age of four .
1	foreign relations committee biden was also a long-time member of the u.s. senate committee on foreign relations .
1	judges should avoid drawing inferences from a statute or constitution and focus only on the text itself .
1	it is among the earliest of the universities and the second oldest in italy .
1	mesnil-clinchamps is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
1	in 1262 leo married keran ( kir anna ) , the daughter of prince hetoum of lampron .
1	in 1910 , he returned to korea , which had by this time been annexed by japan .
1	municipalities due to reorganisations in the 1990s , the number of municipalities in drenthe has been reduced to twelve .
1	gomiécourt is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
1	it stars daniel craig , nicole kidman , eva green and dakota blue richards .
1	28978 ixion is a kuiper belt object discovered on may 22 , 2001 .
1	he also appears regularly for his national team , brazil .
1	such storms can feature strong surface winds and severe hail .
1	jemeppe-sur-sambre is a walloon municipality located in the belgian province of namur .
1	his parents divorced in 1985 , and both have remarried .
1	introduction electrical energy conservation is an important element of energy policy .
1	officials estimated that 10,000 people were gathered at qualcomm stadium , the largest shelter point in san diego .
1	it was mentioned for the first time in 1233 in the deed of donation by king andrew ii .
1	dr. john a. zoidberg is a fictional character in the television series futurama .
1	the grammy award for best alternative music album has been awarded since 1991 .
1	russia has an embassy in buenos aires .
1	historically the capital of the warmia region , olsztyn has been the capital of the warmian-masurian voivodeship since 1999 .
1	however , when they flee , they swim backwards quickly by curling and uncurling their abdomen .
1	the underside is off-white to light grey but the demarcation between the sides is indistinct .
1	gerald asamoah ( born 3 october 1978 in mampong , ghana ) is a ghanaian-born german footballer .
1	the undertaker won the match by eliminating batista .
1	sainte-honorine-du-fay is a commune in the department of calvados in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
1	bonham carter 's role has now been confirmed , and it is the red queen .
1	the most powerful oneiros was morpheus .
1	hence , the language is one of the six official languages of the united nations .
1	large numbers of germans settled throughout the u.s. , especially in the cities .
1	geography the coast is characterised by an elongated peninsula , the darß .
1	bidogno was a municipality in the district of lugano , in the canton of ticino in switzerland .
1	foufflin-ricametz is a commune in the pas-de-calais department in the nord-pas-de-calais region of france .
1	each month , vogue publishes a magazine addressing topics of fashion , life and design .
1	the architecture also shows german influence , which is also evident in people 's customs and food .
1	they have recorded over 60 chart hits in the uk , more than any other rock group in history .
1	france 's largest cities are paris , marseille , lyon , lille , toulouse , nice , and nantes .
1	in 1982 phelps was appointed the mcvickar professor of political economy at columbia .
1	david bowie as nikola tesla , the real life inventor who creates a device for angier .
1	both albums achieved commercial success by having each sold over 1 000 000 copies in china .
1	st benedict biscop was adopted as the city 's patron saint in march 2004 .
1	early writers assumed the female sang ; but in fact , we have learned it is the male .
1	9 157 bc to 98 bc emperor kaika waka yamato nekohiko oho bibino no mikoto presumed legendary .
1	the edge recorded all the songs using his natural stained gibson explorer .
1	the disease can last one to three days .
1	the two men set off for alcmene 's house .
1	usually this requires significant resources and expertise in building and managing next-generation data centers .
1	kachi-kachi yama , the story of a villainous tanuki and a heroic rabbit .
1	overview the cardinals are the oldest professional american football club in the united states .
1	wooden ceilings and panelling were usually brightly coloured .
1	it has an aromatic , warm and slightly bitter taste .
1	saint-avit-de-soulège is a commune in the gironde department in aquitaine in southwestern france .
1	the station is located adjacent to the caulfield campus of monash university , as well as caulfield racecourse .
1	vassalboro is a town in kennebec county , maine , united states .
1	idaho falls is the county seat and largest city of bonneville county , idaho , united states .
1	the famous florentine sculptor and architect , arnolfo di cambio , was then also working in rome .
1	the basic law for the federal republic of germany ( ) is the constitutiondeutscher bundestag : grundgesetz of germany .
1	rif soap was a poor quality substitute product that contained no fat at all , human or otherwise .
1	viré-en-champagne is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
1	the first time was to emanuel sandhu at the 2004 grand prix final .
1	the engraving process with diamonds is state-of-the-art since the 1960s .
1	chandpur is the confluence of two of the mightiest rivers of bangladesh .
1	saint-germain-d'arcé is a commune in the sarthe department in the region of pays-de-la-loire in northwestern france .
1	many species had vanished by the end of the nineteenth century , with european settlement .
1	it is located in the southeastern-most part of the ruhr area in northern sauerland .
1	soilwork is a swedish melodic death metal band from helsingborg .
1	the brighter star of a visual binary is the primary star , and the dimmer is considered the secondary .
1	fonsommes is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
1	act 2 night in the courtyard outside the cathedral .
1	equilibrioception or sense of balance is one of the physiological senses .
1	le hérie-la-viéville is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
1	berlin and paris developed thriving émigré communities .
1	the town had a population of 1,101 in the 2001 census .
1	the meaning of darwinism has changed over time , and varies depending on who is using the term .
1	it is unclear how or from where the style spread into the maya region .
1	says he to hercules he will now have hercules ' strength .
1	history and development of the hand plane hand planes are ancient , originating thousands of years ago .
1	o'connor raised funds for the movie by selling autographed photos and a few of her personal paintings on ebay .
1	the asteroid 3936 elst was named in his honour .
1	fesmy-le-sart is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
1	researcher fred guweddeko claimed that amin was born on 17 may 1928 , but that is disputed .
1	artikel 5 article 5 this law takes effect with the day of its proclamation .
1	its first major public release occurred in may 2000 .
1	it is no article of faith that one must obey the pope to be saved .
1	the following is a list of episodes for the american cult television series , buffy the vampire slayer .
1	pérouges is a commune in the ain department in eastern france .
1	le theil-bocage is a commune in the calvados department in the basse-normandie region in northern france .
1	wwf has identified 867 terrestrial ecoregions , and approximately 450 freshwater ecoregions across the earth .
1	it is also the earliest chronological installment in the redwall series .
1	the norwegian government awarded him a pension .
1	the top level was finished and the building inaugurated by his son , titus , in 80 .
1	the bunker also had its own generator , air conditioning and switchboards which directed fifty telephone lines .
1	it has long , pointed earlobes and a squared-off muzzle .
1	adams county is a county in the u.s. state of wisconsin .
1	the main techniques concerned are woodcut , engraving and etching , although there are others .
1	it is the second-largest peninsula in europe , with an area of .
1	eucalyptus are the basis for several industries , such as sawmilling , pulp , charcoal and others .
1	morris gleitzman ( born january 9 1953 ) morris gleitzman biography .
1	he was elected to the pro football hall of fame in 1979 .
1	chepstow ( ) is a town in monmouthshire , wales , adjoining the border with gloucestershire , england .
1	the second was the 2004 european figure skating championships , where he lost to brian joubert .
1	the khurrals laid an ambush to cut them off , but providence saved them .
1	general information origin of the name the old norse form of the name was probably arnardalr .
1	matches are rarely sold singly ; they are sold in multiples , packaged in match boxes or matchbooks .
1	in the end , ariq böke surrenders to kublai .
1	the woman likewise removes her mask to reveal that she was in fact his girlfriend .
1	martelange is a municipality of belgium .
1	discovery eugenia was discovered in 1857 by hermann goldschmidt .
1	their lives of petty crime are interrupted by a psychic passenger who harbors a dangerous secret .
1	origny-sainte-benoite is a commune in the aisne department in picardie in northern france .
1	the language is mainly spoken in the punjab provinces of pakistan and india as well as in kashmir .
1	the ghost of slytherin house is the bloody baron .
1	she has two younger brothers , timmy and nathan .
1	history the district was part of the holy roman empire of the german nation .
1	translation is the first stage of protein biosynthesis ( part of the overall process of gene expression ) .
1	other other treatments for als are designed to relieve symptoms and improve the quality of life for patients .
1	plot the film is set in new york city and los angeles .
1	no maintained roads cross the desert .
1	in all seasons the ermine has a black tip to its tail .
1	helsinki ( ; , ) is the capital and largest city in finland .
1	kuru is located in the province of western finland and is part of the pirkanmaa region .
1	misc the chemical element vanadium is named after freyja via her alternative name vanadís .
1	grist is grain that has been separated from its chaff in preparation for grinding .
