in later life , he regretted his attraction to england and the occident .
he wrote lovingly of his homeland in his poems and sonnets from this period .
dutt died in kolkata , india on 29 june 1873 .
the flight took about nine days .
this is the longest known non-stop flight of any bird .
the hainich became the 13th national park of germany in 1997 .
the district also has a partnership with the lithuanian districts of ukmerge and raseiniai .
blue-green is a color that is a deep tone of cyan .
in the year 1981 , rctv began recording all of their programs in color .
only 55 stratocruisers were made for airlines .
the stratocruiser flew to hawaii as well as many other places .
it was called the `` super stratocruiser `` .
the stratocruiser first took off on july 8 , 1947 .
the northern maya are for a time united under mayapan .
game pie is a kind of meat pie made with game .
in the meantime , the blob has consumed many others .
the blob - now a huge mass - engulfs the diner .
the blob oozes out of the theater .
the blob enters the movie theater .
in addition to the goddess latona are her young children , apollo and diana .
the tasmanian devil ( sarcophilus harrisii ) is a meat eating mammal .
a lesbian woman is biologically female .
most lesbian women have a female gender identity .
he studied composition under charles-marie widor and harmony and counterpoint with andré gédalge .
hippocrates is called the `` father of medicine `` .
he was probably born in 460 bc , and died in 377 bc .
sandy moved slowly northward toward the greater antilles and got stronger .
by late october 23 , it was upgraded to a tropical storm warning .
the emergency took effect on october 27 .
a catalyst may participate in many chemical reactions .
after the death of james i , charles i came to the throne .
it borders the czech republic .
a constant function does not change , so its derivative is 0 .
the converse ( opposite ) is also true .
the codomain is just -lcb- 4 -rcb- .
example : is a constant function .
the domain of this function is items in the store .
young stayed with the boston team until 1909 .
young also had 76 career shutouts , the fourth most in history .
young was voted into the baseball hall of fame in 1939 .
the park is fairly inaccessible by road to this day .
manú national park is a biosphere reserve in peru .
the editorial was entitled `` the liberation of u thant `` .
`` thant `` was his only name .
a pie is a way of cooking food .
she is called `` the chosen one `` by her family .
it is one of six simple machines .
he later became the maître d ' at their restaurant .
his grave is in section q , grave 1194 .
in 2007 , keselowski started racing in the busch series .
he finished the season 21st in points .
they were released on october 12 , 2013 .
this lets the vegetables to keep their texture .
okroshka is usually served with sour cream .
this error was further backed by dante gabriel rossetti 's painting pandora .
this is a sort of system of installment credit .
the largest number of arab christians are in egypt ( around 8 millions ) .
in 1973 the halifax built its headquarters on trinity road in halifax .
relations between bangladesh and russia .
the couple had one daughter , pascale , born in 1932 .
he was a member of the group of composers called les six .
lorne played in the national hockey league from 1926 to 1937 .
lorne won the 1935 vezina trophy for the being the league 's best goaltender .
each program has two teams of three people .
his wife died in 1835 .
the movie earned more than $ 340 million worldwide at the box office .
armenia established a ministry of defense on 28 january 1992 .
she stated that the first champions would be the winners of an eight-team tournament .
in that position , she published some books about cycling .
hägglund is the first female in sweden who presented news on television .
the sticks determine how far a mal can advance .
it is not a sphere and shows no sign of any geological changes .
it is 1,362 feet ( 415 m ) above sea level .
the des moines river flows through windom and some people canoe there .
a minimum spanning tree is a tree .
the pollen tube of most seed plants acts as a passageway .
females are said to be larger than males .
there are currently three subspecies recognized .
in 2013 eve 's fourth album , lip lock , was released .
he wishes the portrait basil painted would become old in his place .
cranial capacity of the broken hill skull has been estimated at 1,100 cm ³ .
members of dun are elected from single-member constituencies drawn based on the population .
the young hatch after 90 days and are left to fight for themselves .
the movie won four academy awards : allen was nominated for best actor .
he graduated in 1983 with a bachelor 's degree in history .
it was named the official city park in 1976 .
in march 2013 , the park 's tree was stolen .
in 1991 , the general motors factory closed .
in `` the wedding of river song , `` amy leads a secret organization .
she kills madame kovarian for taking away melody .
st. birinus preached here when he brought christianity to the area .
tamino plays his flute .
nationstates is an browser game where you run your own country .
see special : listusers\/checkuser for a list of users in this group .
see special : listusers\/bot for a list of users in this group .
transwiki and importers are unused flags which give permissions on special : import .
they may also use special : renameuser to rename users ( including themselves ) .
for a list , please see special : listusers\/bureaucrat .
all logged-in users may mark changes as small .
for a list , please see special : listusers\/rollbacker .
for a list of admins , please see special : listusers\/sysop .
he enrolled at the university of moscow and chose to study law and economics .
for road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three roads .
he began to weave across the road before he fell down twice .
she also worked as a goodwill ambassador for unicef .
berlin is the capital city of germany .
the olmec were the first civilization in the ancient area known as mesoamerica .
the destrier is the best-known type of warhorse of the medieval era .
these three types of horse were often called chargers .
drupes are also called stone fruit .
a sentence can contain many clauses .
however , the subordinating clause does not .
the cells that react to a given hormone have special receptors for that hormone .
zimmer 's works are notable for combining electronic music sounds with traditional orchestral arrangements .
he has written music for over 100 movies .
it follows the nauplius stage , and often has spikes on its carapace .
image-resolving eyes are present in cnidaria , molluscs , chordates , annelids and arthropods .
they are made of up to about hundred cells , covering about 100 µm .
in this zone the eyes are flattened and the facets are larger .
and some annelids possess both .
christmas trees are decorated with many ornaments .
a christmas decoration is any kind of decoration used for the holiday of christmas .
later , it changed its name to japan symphony orchestra .
the city became a county seat in 1822 .
they are called lacto-ovo vegetarians .
he played college football at washington state and at tiffin university in ohio .
his body is buried in cimetière du montparnasse in paris .
sartre died of oedema of the lung in 1980 in paris .
he married actress and model jaime bergman on november 24 , 2001 .
he was married to ingrid quinn from june 7 , 1997 to october 1999 .
in 1904 he joined the newly-formed london symphony orchestra .
no one on the street was injured and the cleanup took many weeks .
only leap years have february 29 .
the cathedral was opened in 1903 .
he has published over 150 scientific papers .
this makes 365 openings .
in 1980 it was added to the national register of historic places .
a frugivore is an animal that prefers to eat fruit .
alligators and caimans make up the second largest family of the crocodilians , alligatoridae .
bukhara is the capital of the bukhara province of uzbekistan .
the head office in the u.s. is in houston , texas .
flamenco is a style of entertainment with song , music and dance .
its characteristic appearance comes from densely-packed shells of the freshwater snail viviparus .
the bubbles formed by cavitation collapse forming small jets directed at the surface .
obstetric sonography is commonly used during pregnancy .
this makes them able to hear ultrasounds .
in 1968 this name was changed to ` karolinska institutet ' .
it was called the ` medico-chirurgiska institutet ' .
st. lucie county is a county in the state of florida .
the county seat is the city of fort pierce .
it was kept as the state flag upon statehood in 1959 .
it is the county seat of kanawha county .
atlantic city is on absecon island on the coast of the atlantic ocean .
muscle is a tissue in animal bodies .
disney re-released the movie on september 16 , 2008 .
in 2001 abc tv began its digital service .
the abc operates four tv channels .
abc local radio has 46 individual stations , each with a similar format .
but in a pot , the tree will not grow very big .
there are 15 species in 4 genera .
cranes are very vocal .
in the map mode , the player takes control of several ships .
it is the fifth game in the star fox series .
old carriages are ridden around the peterhof park .
there he signed a five-year contract that will last until june 2016 .
the corvus makes up a third of the species in the corvidae .
the syndrome shows that there may be riboflavin deficiency .
and , the following year , in the tv quiz passaparola .
she was also a competitor in the reality program reality game on sky vivo .
in 2001 , she was a dancer in italian : la sai l'ultima ?
in 2008 , she stars in the movie a light of passion .
in 2003 , she hosted spicy tg on antenna 3 .
she graduated in fashion design in 1999 .
tank was born in taitung , taiwan .
contrary to rumors , no second season is planned .
it was kept by the one of the examining doctors , philippe-jean pelletan .
following a tradition of preserving royal hearts , his heart was taken out .
thorndike also worked on industrial problems , such as employee exams and testing .
multimedia also means the use of electronic media to store and experience multimedia content .
in appearance it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy .
this is because the recipes themselves are linked to the béarn region .
hot club de paris are a band which came from liverpool , united kingdom .
all felid species share a genetic anomaly that prevents them from tasting sweetness .
the felids evolved in asia and spread across continents by crossing land bridges .
an emission nebula is a cloud of plasma emitting light in many colors .
it was released on june 1 , 2004 .
the album takes its title from a line in the song niki fm .
his cathedral was dedicated in 1077 .
the cathedral is a working church .
she dies off-stage in the last act .
he also wrote both fiction and non-fiction writings .
arsenic trisulfide is found as the mineral orpiment .
los angeles was home to the olympic games in 1932 and 1984 .
the testicles have two main jobs : to make hormones and sperm .
different men have different amounts of body hair .
swadlincote was in the domesday book in 1086 .
spotted eagle rays mature at the age of 4 to 6 years old .
she was eleven months old .
her death caused much grief for her parents .
sophie was buried at the royal basilica of saint denis .
other ichthyosaur fossils proved this feature was not limited to ichthyosaurus .
the small blue arrows represent the different projects of the wikimedia foundation .
the nagar valley is at an elevation of 2,438 m ( 7,999 feet ) .
the religion of the nagar valley is islam with 100 % shia isna ashree .
the languages spoken here are brushashki , shena and bedishki .
according to 2000 census figures 100,000 inhabitants are living in the nagar valley .
she was educated by governesses .
her books continue to sell well around the world , in many different languages .
crows make their nests in tall trees .
woodlands have an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses .
conservationist work hard to preserve woodlands .
in december of 1923 the exchange rate was 4,200,000,000,000 marks to 1 us dollar .
in japan , the toys were from different toy lines called microman and diaclone .
sault ste . marie has its own walk of fame .
system of a down is an american metal band .
she is also an activist for environmental and animal rights issues .
she has been married twice .
the original six sacred books of manichaeism were written in syriac aramaic .
adele has described it as a `` dark blues-y gospel disco tune `` .
nepotism is when a person in authority gives jobs to their relatives .
the manganese is in the +7 oxidation state .
this report is the first description of the production of potassium permanganate .
he patented this solution , and sold it as condy 's fluid .
this powder was called condy 's crystals or condy 's powder .
early photographers used it in flash powder .
potassium permanganate is a chemical compound .
the problem was that the solution was not very stable .
potassium permanganate is used as an oxidizing agent .
it is in the walloon region and province of liège .
spa is a municipality of belgium .
fogolin gave up the captaincy to gretzky for the 1983-84 season onwards .
they included three future world champions anatoly karpov , garry kasparov and vladimir kramnik .
he died of pancreatic cancer in moscow .
fugazi were an american alternative rock band that became active in 1987 .
texas monthly is a monthly magazine that is published in texas .
he had an 18-year intermittent affair with carol lynley .
neotominae is a subfamily of the family cricetidae .
spam bots should be treated the same as vandalbots .
they know of a few hundred wikis .
the third largest political party in the u.s. is the libertarian party .
the thorny devil has some unique adaptations .
recently , the adrar des ifoghas has become popular for hiking .
in 1859-1861 , she wrote something every month for the englishwoman 's domestic magazine .
she died a week later at the age of 28 .
the couple are buried in west norwood cemetery in lambeth under a simple headstone .
palenquero is a spanish-african creole language spoken in colombia .
gellar was born in new york city .
buffy was on television for seven seasons and a total of 144 episodes .
the show was well liked by both the critics and the audience .
cary began in 1750 as a settlement called bradford 's ordinary .
in 1868 , he built a hotel for railroad passengers coming through cary .
eight episodes will be made for the first season .
klaipėda is the third largest city in lithuania and the capital of klaipėda county .
the richland county courthouse was built in 1889 .
it is a member of the inuit group of non-spherical moons .
it was named in 2003 after a `` giant `` of inuit mythology .
kitti 's hog-nosed bat has no visible tail .
after 1971 safety concerns led to the grand prix moving permanently to mosport .
the prefect of police of marseilles , jouhannaud , was subsequently removed from office .
it is called ragù alla bolognese in italy .
the town is in the northern part of davao del sur .
there is also a large artist community , especially in ouagadougou .
the capital is ouagadougou .
valedictions are normally written before the signature in a written message .
front man hibbert 's soulful style led him to be compared to otis redding .
there were fights between european and chinese miners at daylesford and castlemaine .
several place names are sometimes used hi when talking about these events .
the first public display of anti-chinese feelings took place in bendigo in july 1854 .
serious fights took place adelong in 1857 and tambaroora in 1858 .
the rollback feature is a part of the mediawiki software .
grover was first performed by frank oz .
in 1930 , he was elected to the national legislature , the reichstag .
he was beaten badly in prison .
reload is an album by metallica .
phelps has been the mcvickar professor of political economy at columbia university since 1982 .
in 1982 phelps was made the mcvickar professor of political economy at columbia .
in 1951 , he went to amherst college as an undergraduate student .
during the early '80s he wrote a textbook about economics knowledge .
its administrative center is the locality ( a selo ) of krymzaraykino .
adult-action figure lines are often exclusive to specific chain stores rather than mass retail .
the process was first used commercially for the successful 1955 movie adaptation of oklahoma !
one of his first jobs was as a soda jerk at a drugstore .
rensselaer county is in the eastern part of new york .
the lowest point is sea level at the hudson river .
it was a part of new netherland .
the county seat is troy .
rensselaer county is a county in the u.s. state of new york .
he conquered and governed cuba for spain .
the popular village of białowieża is in the forest .
the forest is home to 800 wisent , the continent 's heaviest land animals .
this rose also proved a failure in england , preferring warmer climates .
xylophones have bars which are made of wood .
the crinoids have a long history .
it is headquartered in chicago , illinois , united states .
he was widely said to be a master of the modern chanson .
alpine glaciers are also called mountain glaciers .
it reacts with any sulfate or sulfuric acid to make barium sulfate .
barium nitrate is a chemical compound .
barium nitrate is very toxic .
it occurs naturally , and can also be caused on purpose by horticulturists .
the sample was a direct clip of a full bar from the song .
however , tambourines come in many shapes and forms .
the tambourine is a well-known percussion instrument .
it mostly plays current pop and dance music .
he is one of the most financially successful hip-hop artists and businessmen in america .
he has a daughter with her called blue ivy carter .
jamaica is the third-largest island country in the greater antilles .
she later married neleus and became queen in pylos .
darth maul is a fictional character from the star wars universe .
darth maul was played by ray parks in the movie .
the website is the responsibility of the current administration .
eastman was a maker of the s.e.m . ensemble .
eastman and kotik played together in the early to mid 1970s .
there were no reports of damage or deaths .
thanksgiving classic christmas day stats values are correct through week 17 .
the brown rat and house mouse are both used for medical tests .
vuvuzelas have also caused problems .
similar horns have been made for a long time by many people .
ares was worshipped by the ancient baharna and the greek colonists .
390 bc was a year of the pre-julian roman calendar .
krishnamurti was born into a brahmin family in what was then british india .
it reacts with some metals and metal oxides to make tellurides .
it has a very bad smell of decayed garlic .
his older brother was the explorer pierre le moyne d'iberville .
in cookies , some form of oil or fat is used for cohesion .
darmstadtium is a chemical element .
darmstadtium is a radioactive element that does not exist in nature .
additional warning and distress signals were introduced after sos .
the county seat is clanton .
sediments and material from landslides also covered the caldera floor .
mount mazama was destroyed in the battle .
since that time , all eruptions on mazama are limited to the caldera .
since 1990 the district has a partnership with the district fürth in bavaria .
stollberg rural district is a district in the free state of saxony , germany .
narrandera is a river town with a long history .
he moved to new york city and opened a bookstore .
kundera has lived in france since 1975 .
it is used to mix and set the paints in a tempera painting .
the paints are generally mixed with equal parts of egg yolk and water .
a coelacanth is a type of fish in the sarcopterygii , the lobe-finned fishes .
twelve clippers were made for pan am .
many of the flights had another crew for training .
after the war , many clippers were given back to pan am .
he first wrote his song at 1994 in the movie `` ogni sontan `` .
kabir bakul has written song and poems since 1986-1987 .
in 1988 , he wrote 13 songs for singer tapan chowdhury .
till now , he has written 800 songs for movies .
from those songs , 2 were released on albums .
he has also worked as a journalist .
it is based on a partial skeleton found in the gobi desert , mongolia .
mahakala also had very short forelimbs compared to other dromaeosaurs .
choline was discovered by andreas strecker in 1864 .
it is usually grouped with the vitamin b complex .
prime minister benjamin disraeli is usually credited with creating the title for her .
it is made up of two peninsulas ( connected by the mackinac bridge ) .
these weapons were small , immobile , and fired large bolts or quarrels .
cate blanchett ( born may 14 , 1969 ) is an australian actor .
this was only the third fatal crash in asiana 's history .
35 of the students were going to a west valley christian school summer camp .
the skull of spinosaurus was long and narrow like that of a modern gharial .
six specimens of spinosaurus have been uncovered .
dung beetles can roll up to 50 times their weight .
in some cases the male and the female roll together .
after the mating , both or one of them will prepare the brooding ball .
during the larval stage , the grub feeds on the dung surrounding it .
they do not like extremely cold or dry weather .
the subfamily scarabaeinae alone has more than 5,000 species .
many of them also feed on mushrooms and rotting leaves and fruits .
dung beetles are beetles that feed partly or only on the dung of mammals .
it will be the second over the limit event .
margherita 's other siblings died in childhood or eary adulthood .
she died in parma on february 6 1679 .
on 11 september 1646 odoardo died .
adriana lima ( born june 12 , 1981 ) is a brazilian supermodel .
it is also a unesco biosphere reserve .
kuroda volunteered to be part of the all-nisei 442nd regimental combat team .
he died on 21 january 1992 , of cancer at the age of 55 .
alberto di morra was born in benvenuo , italy .
the city of eisenach left the district in 1998 and became a district-free city .
jurassic park is a 1991 book by michael crichton .
in cicero 's time these records were called annales maximi .
instead , henry had to ask for the lands from richard .
the region is famous for its beautiful beaches with palms .
the suborder contains four families and fourteen species .
baleen whales do not have teeth , except as embryos .
brown was a white man , born in torrington , connecticut .
in 1859 , brown went to harpers ferry , virginia .
he played for first vienna fc and the austrian team .
after his football career he became an international successful referee .
his last match was a 1:8 versus england on june ,1 st 1909 .
( 22 matches ,8 won , 3 draws , 11 lost ) .
disturbed is a rock band from chicago , illinois .
david draiman joined brawl , and changed the name to disturbed .
the struggle between them ended in some severe defeats for owen .
huxley had little schooling , and taught himself almost everything he knew .
corsair international is a french airline based at orly airport .
fletcher came on the mayflower without his family .
fletcher died in the winter of 1620-1621 in the general sickness .
the mayflower left plymouth , england on 16 september 1620 .
his name is on the pilgrim memorial tomb .
burke county is a county in the u.s. state of north carolina .
the county was made in 1777 from rowan county .
he called it `` van diemen 's land `` .
tasmania is a state of australia .
was certified gold in the us .
on 9 of april 2009 , the final riot !
paramore started recording their second album , called riot !
that was released on march 24 , 2008 .
paramore is an american alternative rock band formed in 2004 in franklin , tennessee .
before teaching at berkeley , he was a professor of physics at stanford university .
he was made a member of the oregon sports hall of fame in 2005 .
concussions stopped him from playing longer .
he was the quarterbacks coach for the arizona cardinals .
bonner was a queensland liberal senator .
he was buried in havana 's colon cemetery .
carpentier 's major works include :
amphibians include frogs , salamanders , and extinct albanerpetontids .
multituberculates , stagodont marsupials and placental mammals scurried underfoot .
its ecosystem is surrounded by prairies .
he became a physician in mechelen in 1538 .
the mosque was built around the original kaaba .
the flora and fauna are similar to other southern antarctic marine regions .
she used to be a model for catalogs .
she is of german-american ancestry .
in the original newtonian concept , gravity was a force between point masses .
their worldwide sales stand at more than 25 million albums as of 2011 .
please add to\/modify\/improve these regular expressions !
it was based on a novella ( short book ) by truman capote .
it was directed by blake edwards , who also directed seven pink panther movies .
meet the press is an american television news\/interview show that airs on nbc .
the first moderator was martha rountree .
in 2003 , he performed in his own thirty-minute special on comedy central presents .
in 2005 , belbin and agosto won their first world medal .
exposure to air causes the larva to begin breathing .
about 500 amino acids are known .
others may be essential for some ages or medical conditions .
there is no tail .
like other caecilians , they look like worms or snakes .
boeing moved its headquarters from seattle to chicago , illinois in 2001 .
the boeing company ( how to say : \/ ˈboʊ .
remembering that may help you avoid becoming a biter .
he studied at university of salamanca .
three important rearrangement reactions are 1,2-rearrangements , pericyclic reactions and olefin metathesis .
in allylic rearrangement , the reaction is ionic .
as president , obama actively supported the bill .
on january 29 , obama signed the bill into law .
apes are the descendants of old world monkeys .
they are popular destinations for outdoor activities .
it is the seat of the anglican bishop of worcester .
he also voiced the animated character pellegnillot .
thielemans is one of the greatest harmonica players of the 20th century .
he made the music for the 1974 swedish movie dunderklumpen !
the shōwa period ( 昭和時代 , shōwa jidai ? )
child pornography that involves real children is a record of child sexual abuse .
this season follows two time lines .
it says ` made in china ' `` ) .
grameen bank is best known for solidarity lending .
by 2006 , india had over 2,100 grameen bank branches .
this program is made to give small loans to beggars .
they were finally conquered in 1697 .
some mayan cultures were still living in the southern highlands .
in the north , the maya civilization kept going .
after turkish-persian wars of 1602-1639 western armenia became part of ottoman empire .
he was wounded in east prussia in 1945 and was sent home to stuttgart .
he has served on many international commissions .
during the games , 10,500 athletes competed in 302 events in 28 sports .
they became the personal bodyguards to the emperor and were called the varangian guard .
the circus often performed abroad .
his son hans stosch-sarrasani jun . followed him as director .
jared carter ( born january 10 , 1939 ) is an american poet .
pitchblende is a major ore of uranium .
from 1966 to 1968 he was a member of the yardbirds .
important battles were fought at ticonderoga in 1758 and 1777 .
the maximum depth is about 400 feet .
louise was born at buckingham palace , the main british royal home in london .
nikodinov missed the 2002-2003 season .
nikodinov did not return to competition after the accident .
nikodinov is the daughter of bulgarian immigrants .
nikodinov and dinev were married in july 2008 .
`` joliet `` jake blues is released from jail .
in 1931 she married her boss , sture lindgren ( 1898-1952 ) .
lindgren was the daughter of samuel august ericsson and hanna johnsson .
while at college , kidd converted to islam and adopted the name abudulla al-kidd .
athens had a direct democracy .
dr. phil is an american talk show hosted by dr. phil mcgraw .
the sixth season premiered on september 10 , 2007 .
the indomitable attacks , but loses sight of the enemy in the mist .
once again , billy begins to stammer because he is so angry .
unable to speak , he hits claggart and kills him .
the crew of the indomitable are working on deck .
, and the rest of the crew echo his words .
whaling is the practice of hunting whales .
pattinson was born in barnes , london .
theme plays in the background .
round and a red background for the double jeopardy !
round , the double jeopardy !
round may play the final jeopardy !
the game of jeopardy !
round , and the final jeopardy !
consists of three rounds : the jeopardy !
like the theme music , the jeopardy !
the most recent sighting of an american robin in britain was in january 2007 .
the american robin has seven subspecies .
fledged juveniles are only able to fly short distances .
the american robin is known to carry a disease called the west nile virus .
three years later , it became delaware state college .
it first gave degrees in 1898 .
the lira da braccio was very popular at court .
its basic meaning is `` someone that relieves a commander `` .
this term or word is also used in many other commonwealth militaries .
bowerman was born in portland , oregon .
the flowers are small and plentiful .
he took part in the fight to free angola from portuguese rulers .
this was against the chinese maoist idea of world revolution .
viriato da cruz became secretary-general of the mpla .
he appeared again in super smash bros. .
shigesato itoi was in charge of all three games .
the different groups sometimes battle for rights over their territory .
organized crime is a part of the armenian economy .
religious services were not allowed on the island .
every ship that came to dejima was inspected .
religious books and weapons were taken away .
kamakura was made a municipality on november 3 , 1939 .
darin was married to actress sandra dee from 1960 to 1967 .
frogger is an arcade video game made in 1981 by konami .
the frog starts at the bottom of the screen .
frogger is very popular and there are many newer frogger games .
this pressure is known as one atmosphere .
it belongs to the indo-aryan language family .
modern families of mammals and birds existed .
the second method uses a sliding linear l scale available on some models .
it is sometimes called military fiction .
on 17 july 1796 , rheinfelden was again occupied and looted by the french .
the protestants lost this battle and moved on .
on 15 july 1633 , swedish and french troops ruined the city .
the list below shows all the codes in iso 639-2 .
leh is followed by kargil as the second largest town in ladakh .
a majority of ladakhis are tibetan buddhists and the rest are mostly shia muslims .
into the wild is the first book in the warriors series .
the communist party of germany also made gains .
hindenburg retired from the army in 1911 .
from 1943 to 1950 , he worked at indiana university , bloomington .
he attended the medical school at the university of turin .
the total score adds up to from 10 to 990 points .
the toeic listening & reading test is a two-hour multiple-choice test .
anthony mcgill is an american clarinetist .
the mosaics in churches usually have pictures which tell bible stories .
dante is also called the `` the father of the italian language `` .
thus the 400-year rule of the arsacid dynasty came to an end .
there he was murdered by martialis on april 8 , 217 .
he was the younger son of vologases v who died in 209 .
other youtube serials about the slender man followed , including everymanhybrid and tribe twelve .
they are trying to make a biofuel which could be used by 2030 .
airbus recently had the first flight using special fuel .
another feature of the language is vowel harmony .
it also gets about 16.1 inches ( 41 cm ) of snow every year .
leavenworth is a city in the state of kansas in the united states .
the north half of the city is fort leavenworth .
muskie was born in rumford , maine on march 28 , 1914 .
he graduated from cornell university law school in 1939 .
the word armadillo is spanish for `` little armored one `` .
armadillos are new world placental mammals .
it had five original songs as well as five covers .
like kraftwerk , telex built its music entirely from electronic instruments .
starting in 1929 , she participated in a number of hastings international tournaments .
virginia died a couple years later on january 30 , 1847 .
poe was writing a lot by this time .
sometimes , poisons have an antidote .
the wavelet transform is a time-frequency representation of a signal .
salad dressings and sauces contain xanthan gum .
the xanthan gum is then ready to use .
xanthan gum can also help keep skin moist .
fake blood , toy slime and gunge all get their thickness from xanthan gum .
the scale is logarithmic , with a base of 10 .
series which have had lesbian kiss episodes include :
p381 the nile provided a plentiful source of fish .
usb flash drives can be used to add more memory .
most new pdas have li-ion batteries .
later the v10 was introduced by honda and renault before the 1989 season .
high power v10 engines wer put into supercars from lamborghini and porsche .
european car builders later adopted the v10 configuration .
di resta finished seventh in the standings with one race win .
bernard haitink first conducted the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .
he had `` assistant conductors `` , including edo de waart and hans vonk .
the concert hall , called the concertgebouw , was opened on 11 april 1888 .
the show is produced by endemol usa and insight productions .
gary was runner-up and said that he is happy for jillian .
big brother 1 aired on slice on february 27 , 2013 .
the winner of the power of veto has the ability to change the nominations .
only fourteen houseguests were needed .
in 2003 the band released their first album maiden voyage in sweden .
many koreans are anxious about this plan .
mcfly is a british pop rock band who first became famous in 2004 .
in 1952 , the barenboim family moved to israel .
barenboim now lives in berlin .
the city of las vegas is in downtown las vegas .
her be-bop recording of `` oh , lady be good ! ``
she met a drummer and bandleader called chick webb here .
granz helped her to become one of the most important live jazz performers .
this was very important in fitzgerald 's career .
lithium is used to make organolithium compounds .
some lithium compounds are used to make soap and grease .
however , the greens ' main candidate , deb foskey , was elected .
she did not win in the multi-member electorate .
the opera is famous for the tenor aria `` ah !
one person was killed in mississippi after lightning caused a house fire .
one confirmed ef0 tornado hit the town of crowley , louisiana on march 5 .
three tornadoes hit new albany , indiana and jeffersonville , indiana .
two ef0 tornadoes were also confirmed in the eastern part of north carolina .
many houses were damaged and eight people were injured .
there were several tornadoes reported in other areas .
supercells developed over central oklahoma .
overall damage in the state from the tornadoes totalled us $ 10.4 million .
severe weather returned across parts of the midwest on april 22 .
they were reported across several states along the east coast .
both were rated ef2 and caused several injuries .
st. louis was the hardest-hit area .
several tornadoes were confirmed .
several tornadoes formed across parts of the southern united states on february 24 .
seven tornadoes formed in mississippi over three hours .
at least four tornadoes were formed .
three people were injured .
the worst damage was in raleigh county .
it was the first death caused by a tornado of 2011 .
framingham is a town in the u.s. state of massachusetts .
in 2010 , there were 68,318 people .
framingham has three major business districts .
kate kelly , the sister of bushranger ned kelly , lived in forbes .
forbes is on the banks of the lachlan river .
gold at forbes was first found in the area known as halpin 's flat .
passenger trains stopped going to forbes in 1983 .
he was raised in atlanta , georgia and in savannah , georgia .
shamrocks are the young sprigs of clover or trefoil .
it is created and illustrated by yuki amemiya and yukino ichihara .
a group of sheep is called a flock .
there are about 9,200 living species in 1,260 genera and 106 families .
the dutch defense is one of the oldest chess openings .
she names michael jackson , janet jackson , and paula abdul as influences .
it was on this show that their lyrical hip-hop style gained popularity .
this routine was later nominated for a 2009 emmy award for outstanding choreography .
it was there that she met her future husband napoleon .
rms is based in edinburgh , scotland .
hydrography is a subject of geography .
the town was first called called the granites .
he then tried to travel north west but was stopped by the desert .
in 2004 the school changed from radio based education to the satellite education program .
he spent six months trapped by drought at depot glen , south of tiboorburra .
there are two basic kinds of cells : prokaryotic cells and eukaryotic cells .
bones are parts of the human or animal skeleton of vertebrates .
a boot is a type of footwear that protects the foot and ankle .
they were married on march 17 , 1967 in new york city .
her mother added to the family income by working as a maid .
in 1965 , walker met melvyn roseman leventhal , a jewish civil rights lawyer .
walker and her husband divorced on friendly terms in 1976 .
it is a novel by the nobel prize winning english writer , rudyard kipling .
aristotle 's combined works constitute a virtual encyclopedia of greek knowledge .
aristotle wrote many dialogues , only fragments of which survived .
aristotle encouraged alexander toward eastern conquest , and his attitude towards persia was ethnocentric .
aristotle 's father nicomachus , was the doctor of king amyntas of macedonia .
oliba was born in circa 971 in an affluent family .
the new cathedral was rededicated to peter and paul on 31 august 1038 .
he died at his monastery at cuixà in 1046 .
eyes open is the fourth full-length album by the alternative rock band snow patrol .
manny defeated noah thomas in the preliminary round .
pepin county was formed in 1858 from parts of dunn county .
laura ingalls wilder was born in pepin county .
pepin county is the smallest county in wisconsin .
she was he fathers favorite daughter .
feidman married ora bat-chaim in 1975 .
in the early 1970s he started a solo career .
feidman 's family are klezmer musicians .
there were eight tropical storms , and six hurricanes .
early on the morning of the 16th , roslyn became a tropical storm .
the hurricane veered to west and passed south of the islands .
on august 3 , a tropical depression organized in the open ocean .
on july 18 , it intensified into a hurricane .
at midday on july 16 , a tropical depression formed .
at 6 ' 4 `` ( 1.93 m ) , 225 lbs .
48 out of the 50 states in the united states uses counties .
the la brea tar pits are now a registered national natural landmark .
the tar is often covered with water .
songs from the album have been played on house of blues radio hour .
he was named one of the wisest people on television by the economist .
the women held a vote on whether balukas should be allowed to play .
that was my excuse to finally say i need a break `` .
the wpba 's board of directors fined balukas $ 200 for unsportsmanlike conduct .
she said , `` you know , you 're going to fine me ?
balukas was not only talented at pool but also good at other sports .
the men 's side had no similar dress code .
i was stabbed in the back `` .
the sides were deadlocked .
lavey was born with the name howard stanton lavey .
the field name is dollinger field .
also the free-swimming planula larvae of cnidarians exhibit bilateral symmetry .
he was born in buxton , derbyshire .
tourism is becoming more important , thanks to the scenic beauty and coastal locality .
british royal navy explorer matthew flinders discovered the harbor in february 1802 .
in march 2005 buena gave birth to a daughter called tahlia .
buena was born in kingsbury , london to a filipino father and irish mother .
carmen is a french opera written in 1875 by georges bizet .
the position was originally developed to focus on energy production and regulation .
schenker passed the tape on to sony music executive andy slater .
in 1999 apple 's second album when the pawn ... was released .
when she was 12 she was raped outside the apartment she lived in .
the time delay effect was first noticed in 1964 , by irwin i. shapiro .
the canadians had to battle the german 1st parachute division .
his technical innovations and enormous influence had a lasting effect .
clare hall is one of the colleges of the university of cambridge , england .
he was chief minister of punjab from 1985 to 1990 .
the frankfurter rundschau is a left-wing liberal newspaper in germany .
the pulmonary artery takes blood to the lungs .
monteverdi became a priest in 1632 .
mate also contains elements such as potassium , magnesium and manganese .
the fruit is a red berry 4-6 mm diameter .
a television movie version , peppi dlinnyychulok , was released in 1982 by mosfilm .
a swedish television series , pippi longstocking , was created in 1968 .
there is some sexual dimorphism in this species .
lodging or holiday accommodation is a type of accommodation .
but i found it to be completely different `` .
the poor-quality information gathered by the eye seemed to him to make vision impossible .
simple infections can be diagnosed and treated based on symptoms alone .
in some countries , trimethoprim alone is deemed to be equivalent to tmp\/smx .
lower urinary tract infection is also known as a bladder infection .
drugs frequently used include nitrofurantoin and trimethoprim\/sulfamethoxazole .
there is little evidence that using preventative antibiotics decreases urinary tract infections in children .
using a catheter increases the risk for urinary tract infections .
risk factors include sexual intercourse as well as family history .
a number of vaccines are being developed ( as of 2011 ) .
children with simple utis are often helped by a three-day course of antibiotics .
urinary tract symptoms are frequently not seen in those who are old .
in it schiff said that essjay 's statement was `` complete nonsense . ``
he said that he needed anonymity to avoid cyberstalking .
however , cricket is the most popular sport in india .
that year he teamed with big van vader .
lateral lines are vital for schooling , predation , and orientation .
she died in toronto may 14 , 1940 of a stroke .
the persians then captured the evacuated athens .
in 1949 , king began recording songs for rpm records from los angeles .
he published the bangladesh newsletter from his home in nashville .
his early childhood years were spent in his village .
yunus himself has received several other national and international awards .
in 1961 he was given work as a lecturer in economics in chittagong college .
it first flew in december 1962 .
algebraic geometry is a branch of mathematics studying zeros of polynomial equations .
it is 32 fouettés en tournant performed without stopping .
it is a stocky white bird adorned with buff plumes in the breeding season .
some populations of the cattle egret are migratory and others disperse after breeding .
her work has often used freudian ideas and greek myth as a framework .
her collected poems , 1949-84 appeared in 1985 .
he married anne selph in 1960 .
he was defeated by republican nominee jeb bush .
mackay was born in ocala , florida .
mackay lives in tallahassee with his wife .
guinea joined this organization in 2005 .
the faleme river , karakoro river , and gorgol river join the sénégal river .
this produced a rough-running design .
other builders soon started using v6 engines .
in 1949 he received a master of laws ( ll .
the female is a brownish bird with a bare blue crown .
the head is naked blue with a black double cross pattern on it .
however , ormonde was in a very difficult situation .
ormonde became wentworth 's friend and supporter .
ormonde then judged that he could not keep the confederates out of dublin .
the irish confederate war had started .
in 1851 he became a professor at the cologne conservatory .
in 1846 he became court pianist for king christian viii in copenhagen .
the aec 's major duties are to run federal elections , by-elections and referendums .
each state also has an australian electoral officer responsible for the senate elections .
each japanese region has a preferred way of cooking sukiyaki .
mercury had a younger sister named kashmira .
in 1852 george took the position of lighthouse keeper at pencarrow head .
a colorimeter is a device used for measuring colors , or colorimetry .
in 1832 the city of antwerp made him professor of painting .
he was then made painter to leopold , king of the belgians .
wappers was invited to the court at brussels .
one of the gravel traps runs underneath the west grandstand .
they had 10 children .
he attended the school until 1790 .
he is now one of the most well-known composers for movies .
cheletropic reactions are a subclass of cycloadditions .
this confirmed a prediction of theoretical chemists based on high-level ab initio quantum calculations .
the reaction showed `` pseudo first-order kinetics `` .
a few examples are shown to the right in figure 1 .
the small molecule can approach in either a linear or non-linear way .
they showed this both with experiments and using gaussian calculations .
this is also shown in the diagram below .
sistan was once the homeland of sakas , a scythian tribe of iranic origin .
the program is hosted by john seibel and steve phillips .
seaweed is currently under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol .
seaweed is an ingredient in some toothpaste , cosmetics and paints .
the deepest living seaweeds are the various kelps .
seaweed is a term used for several forms of multicellular marine algae .
this is graham 's number .
currently , korail runs the railway and part of subway .
the rail transport system in great britain started to grow in the 19th century .
the bicester military railway had been built by the government in 1941 .
austria-hungary took bosnia officially in 1908 , causing the major european crisis .
in 1908 , her husband died .
in september 1919 , he suffered a stroke .
naomi campbell ( born 22 may 1970 ) is a british supermodel .
she took the surname campbell from her mother 's second marriage .
each pedal has three places .
there are many different kinds of harps .
harp is a string instrument .
the harp is a musical instrument .
after the indian rebellion of 1857 , the british administration exiled him from delhi .
also , the relationship is usually but not always secret .
is a japanese manga and anime series created by clamp .
the pseudanthium has a whorl of bracts below the flowers .
williams was born in newburgh , new york .
it was produced by trent reznor .
his third album the inevitable rise and liberation of niggytardust !
she was born rosemarie albach-retty in vienna , austria .
johnston was in command of the entire confederate army and beauregard was his second-in-command .
its key signature has seven sharps .
a-sharp minor has the enharmonic equivalent of b-flat minor .
he was arrested and jailed at one of the protests .
many if not all of these family members are involved in institutionalized philanthropic pursuits .
they are administered by a trust committee that oversees the fortune .
commodity markets are markets where raw or primary products are exchanged .
the second dorsal fin is noticeably smaller .
bull sharks have been known to be very aggressive towards humans .
amazon estimates that the kindle 2 will hold about 1500 books .
soon after , the city was occupied and taken over by the taliban .
andromeda is estimated to be 7.1 × 1011 solar masses .
it is also the only australian mammal restricted to an alpine habitat .
the first church of benrath was built in 1002 .
it has an area of 5.90 km ² and 15,900 inhabitants .
there is a railway station in benrath ( benrath railway station ) .
a mood is an emotional state of mind .
the station was inland , about 2 km from woody bay itself .
from 1923 until closure , the line was part of the southern railway .
pyrite is the most common of the sulphide minerals .
fungi and plants use other structures to organize their microtubules .
interestingly , centrosomes are not required for the progression of mitosis .
many cells can completely undergo interphase without centrosomes .
the centrosome replicates during the interphase of the cell cycle .
there are sprint hurdle races and long hurdle races .
hurdle race is a type of track and field race .
was released on april 19 , 2013 .
few other details have survived .
synapsids are one of the two major groups of amniotes .
the therapsids ( ` beast face ' ) used to be called mammal-like reptiles .
it allows better attachment sites for jaw muscles than the original anapsid condition .
synapsids had differentiated teeth .
male roe deer have antlers , which are small compared to other deer species .
hanbok had a long history .
bromine pentafluoride is a chemical compound .
pi bonds do not necessarily join a pair of atoms that are also sigma-bonded .
electrons in pi bonds are sometimes called pi electrons .
pi-bonds are more spread out bonds than the sigma bonds .
p orbitals usually have this sort of bonding .
they play in blue shirts , shorts and socks .
these boys played a match against a team called humaitá , and won .
igneous rock is rock that has been made by volcanic action .
proof of acute rheumatic fever would exclude a pans classification .
royal assent was sometimes given in english , though more often in french .
cast iron is an alloy of iron .
a more figurative style is apparent in his later works .
kentucky and missouri had both union and confederate governments at one point .
the least skipper can be found in damp or wet habitats with tall grasses .
they have a weak , bouncy flight .
their antennae are checkered and have no hooks .
the head is brown or tan .
the least skipper has rounded wings and a skinny body .
the bottom wing 's veins are a whitish color .
the least skipper has 2-4 broods each year .
boulton founded the soho mint , which he adapted to steam power .
they are also well known for refusing to join armies and refusing blood transfusions .
most monarchies are hereditary , but some are elected .
bathymetry and satellite altimetry are two technologies used to collect data .
he studied philosophy at rhodes and became fluent in greek .
the conspirators decided to attack the triumviri 's allies in asia .
they had one son .
persephone gives them a flower to track the half-blood .
they later find out that persephone requested the sword against hades 's orders .
silena beauregard and annabeth capture percy .
the main kind of salt is sodium chloride .
there were many brooks providing water .
william bradford moved to amsterdam in august 1608 .
bradford got well but many of the pilgrims were not so fortunate .
he was born and raised in tokyo .
on november 14 , lashley moved to the ecw brand .
he is better known as bobby lashley .
members of lycopodiophyta have a protostele , and the sporophyte generation is dominant .
it is developed by microsoft .
it is still played by royal marine bands .
striper and their hybrids as well as white bass are also abundant .
it begins where the yadkin river and the south yadkin river come together .
lexington is a city in the state of north carolina , united states .
lexington officially became a city in 1828 .
he writes poetry in german and catalan .
his first book of short stories was printed in 2007 .
in the winning essay was blieb vom weißen ritter ?
it is just interested in sudan 's resources . ``
haitink has five children from his first marriage .
for example , cyclooctatetraene has alternating single and double bonds .
hemoglobin transports oxygen to the cells of human bodies .
they can contain lone pairs , radicals or carbenium ions .
things that are made of porphyrin-metal often have strong colors .
using goliath 's own sword , david cut off goliath 's head .
the pitch was invented by rip sewell of the pittsburgh pirates in the 1940s .
for drivers with multiple citizenships , the driver chooses which country to drive for .
it is also host to more parasites than any other australian rodent .
the bush rat is found most in the coastal regions of southwestern australia .
it is a pest species because it can destroy cane fields .
its nickname is vlaanderens mooiste which is dutch for `` flanders ' finest `` .
this was mainly merino sheep and beef cattle .
the town is about 160 kilometres west of canberra on the snowy mountains highway .
the chinese part of the cemetery was destroyed in the early 1900s .
it is about 261 km south-west of sydney and 19 km north of crookwell .
free voluntary reading is one name for extensive reading in first language education .
he is best known for writing mystery novels .
roman houses were of several types .
the grimké sisters were born in charleston , south carolina , usa .
they began helping the women 's rights movement .
the ja-luo women use small beads attached to pieces of brass for ear ornaments .
though a peaceful people the kavirondo fight well .
among the nilotic tribes the grave is dug beneath the veranda of the hut .
the bantu appear to have been the first .
it is a colorless and flammable liquid with a sweet smell .
the editor today is rainer weissauer ( ruprecht-karls-university , heidelberg ) .
violent crime is uncommon , but increasing .
also , known as the van damme stand .
the east stand is a two level development completed in 1993 .
the stand also has a traditional players tunnel in the center .
the education division holds educational sessions for federal judges and court staff .
ɒn \/ ) is an ion with a positively-charged carbon atom .
molecules which can form allyl or benzyl carbocations are especially reactive .
this ion is predicted to be aromatic by the hückel rule .
a carbocation ( \/ ˌkɑrbɵˈkætaɪ .
journalist ulrike meinhof and two other women were allowed to join him .
she also made a short guest appearance in om shanti om .
she is the face of the fashion line , aftershock .
high explosives detonate ( = explode with bursts ) .
this is one of his `` night pieces `` .
boulmerka received death threats .
a month later , she was at the world championships .
he also appears in new super mario bros. .
bowser jr. is a character from the mario video game series .
he also appears in some of the mario sports games .
an asterisk \* denotes shows ( or movies ) that has no ultramen .
it was followed by many other series .
at the 2000 u.s. census , 65 people lived in kim .
it was made from the northrop bt .
in july 2007 it was merged with roßlau to the new city of dessau-roßlau .
rankin appeared on the tonight show with johnny carson more than twenty times .
it has also adapted its technology to social networking services and isps .
collapsed calderas and canyons are southwest of the mountain .
in fact , the city has three cathedrals .
batik was introduced after several ernabella artists traveled to indonesia in the 1970s .
ernabella artists are now well known for their batik work and printmaking .
the town sits at an elevation of 676 metres above sea level .
there is a basic police station at pukatja , and is not permanently manned .
mail is delivered twice a week by a small plane from alice springs .
costa rica developed high literacy rates and education levels .
san josé has many beautiful theaters which are mostly inspired by european architecture .
it is named in honor of saint joseph .
the foreign minister is generally person who travels the most in any cabinet .
a foreign minister 's powers vary in different governments .
the post originally had several domestic duties .
after just two seasons , they were relegated yet again in 1921 .
the heleophrynidae is a family of frogs .
they are commonly called ghost frogs .
many of these guest conductors have also recorded with the orchestra .
from 2010 the conductor will be riccardo muti .
the movie was entered into the 1953 cannes film festival .
what have you been brought here for ?
in 1901 he became deputy assistant adjutant general .
he retired on 17 july 1920 , having become a colonel .
no doctor or supplier was allowed in , resulting in the sick being untended .
the shooting lasted for about 10 minutes .
dyer went to midleton college , county cork between 1875 and 1881 .
we need to talk about kevin is a 2011 british-american crime movie .
the largest is the isua greenstone belt at the southwest coast of greenland .
it appeared during the eoarchaean around 3.8 billion years ago .
thirty-two greeks were severely wounded .
replacement tubules grow back in one-and-a-half to five weeks , depending on the species .
sea cucumbers live on the floor of the ocean .
sea cucumbers are a class of echinoderms , the holothuroidea .
they are signed to the lionheart international record label .
emergency medicine is a specialty of medicine .
a headset is a headphone with a microphone .
all the big political parties in northern ireland support the psni .
he is also the son of british physicist , john c. taylor .
taylor is married to christine taylor .
terrestrial ziphodont crocodilians were also present at least through the middle miocene .
a 61 mya old platypus-like monotreme fossil from patagonia may be an australian immigrant .
the interchange is visible from both stratigraphy and nature .
it was shot at walt disney studios in burbank , california .
trilobites are the earliest known animal to have vision .
suzuka and fuji were to alternate hosting the japanese grand prix starting in 2009 .
problems continued for the revised section .
the track held a re-opening day on 12 april 2009 .
suzuka also hosts other motorsport events including the suzuka 1000 km endurance race .
frances was later destroyed by an extratropical low on november 21 .
the piece of metal is known as prototype kilogram ( ipk ) .
loudspeakers main function is to convert electrical signals given to it into sound signals .
villette is a novel by english writer charlotte brontë .
hooker appeared and sang in the 1980 movie the blues brothers .
in later life he regretted his attraction to england and the occident .
he wrote ardently of his homeland in his poems and sonnets from this period .
dutt died in calcutta , bengal presidency on 29 june 1873 .
the flight took approximately nine days .
this was the longest known non-stop flight of any bird .
the hainich has become the 13th national park of germany in 1997 .
the district also has a partnership with the lithuanian districts ukmerge and raseiniai .
the color `` turquoise `` is a light tone of blue-green .
on 1 december 1979 , rctv began broadcasting in color .
only 55 stratocruisers were built for airlines .
the stratocruiser flew premier services to hawaii and across the atlantic and pacific oceans .
called the `` super stratocruiser `` .
the stratocruiser 's first flight was on july 8 , 1947 .
the northern maya were for a time united under mayapan .
game pie is a form of meat pie featuring game .
in the meantime , the blob consumes a mechanic at a repair store .
the blob-now an enormous red mass from the people it consumed-engulfs the diner .
the blob oozes in under the door but retreats .
the blob was filmed in and around valley forge , pennsylvania .
in addition to the goddess latona are her children , apollo and diana .
the tasmanian devil ( sarcophilus harrisii ) belongs to the family dasyuridae .
most are biologically male or intersex , but some are biologically female .
certain genetic variations may produce gender-variant identities .
he studied composition under charles widor and harmony and counterpoint with andré gedalge .
such ideas have led to hippocrates being called the `` father of medicine `` .
he is thought to have been born in cos in 460 bc .
sandy moved slowly northward toward the greater antilles and gradually intensified .
by late october 23 , it was modified to a tropical storm warning .
the event was to take place on sunday , november 4 .
a catalyst may participate in multiple chemical transformations .
following the death of james i , charles i came to the throne .
to the south it borders the czech republic .
because a constant function does not change , its derivative is 0 .
the converse is also true .
the codomain of this function is just -lcb- 2 -rcb- .
example : given the constant function .
the domain of this function is the set of all real numbers ℝ .
young would remain with the boston team until 1909 .
young 's 76 career shutouts are fourth all-time .
young was elected to the national baseball hall of fame in 1937 .
the park remains fairly inaccessible by road to this day .
the manú biosphere reserve has a very rich wildlife .
the editorial was titled `` the liberation of u thant `` .
`` thant `` was his only name , per burmese convention .
many sweet pies are served this way .
she is called `` the chosen one `` by her relatives .
it is one of the six simple machines identified by renaissance scientists .
he later became the maître d ' at rickey 's lounge restaurant .
his grave can be found in section q , grave 1194 .
keselowski began competing in the busch series full-time in 2007 .
he would end up finishing 21st in points .
was released on november 13 , 2013 .
this allows the vegetables to retain their texture .
okroshka is usually garnished with sour cream ( smetana ) .
this misconception was further reinforced by dante gabriel rossetti 's painting pandora .
this is a modified system of installment credit .
some of the arab christians in israel self-identify as palestinian arab christians .
a new head office was built at trinity road , halifax in 1973 .
bangladesh-russia relations refers to foreign relations between bangladesh and russia .
they had one daughter , pascale , born in 1932 .
he was a member of les six .
chabot played in the national hockey league from 1926 to 1937 .
chabot won the vezina trophy in 1934-35 for being the league 's best goaltender .
each program has two teams of three people competing in four rounds of gameplay .
his wife mary died in 1835 .
the film earned more than $ 340 million worldwide at the box office .
armenia established a ministry of defense on january 28 , 1992 .
she stated that the inaugural champions would be determined from an eight-team tournament .
in that capacity , she published a number of books about cycling .
in addition , hägglund was a translator of foreign motion pictures and television series .
the sticks are cast to determine how far a token can advance .
it is irregularly shaped and shows no sign of any geological modification .
it lies 1,362 feet ( 415 m ) above sea level .
the des moines river flows through windom .
a minimum spanning tree would be one with the lowest total cost .
a pollen tube is part of the male gametophyte of seed plants .
the females tend to be larger than the males .
four subspecies are currently recognized , including the nominate subspecies described here .
`` lip lock `` was released on may 14 , 2013 .
he wishes that the portrait basil painted would grow old in his place .
cranial capacity of the broken hill skull has been estimated at 1,230 cm ³ .
members of dun are elected from single-member constituencies drawn based on population .
the young hatch after 90 days and are left to fend for themselves .
allen was also nominated for best actor .
kennedy graduated from brown university in 1983 with a bachelor 's degree in history .
it was named an official city park in 1976 .
in march 2013 the park 's tree was stolen .
in 1991 the general motors factory closed down , leaving the station essentially isolated .
amy leads a secret organization which fights the silence .
she reunites the doctor with river and later kills madame kovarian for kidnapping melody .
saint birinus preached here when he brought christianity to the area .
tamino plays his magic flute .
jennifer government : nationstates is a multiplayer government simulation browser game .
see special : listusers\/bot for a list of users in this group .
see special : listusers\/checkuser for a list of users in this group .
transwiki and importers are flags which give permissions on special : import .
bureaucrats can use special : renameuser to rename users ( including themselves ) .
see special : listusers\/confirmed for a list of users in this group .
all logged-in users may mark edits as minor .
see special : listusers\/ipblock-exempt for a list of users in this group .
see special : listusers\/reviewer for a list of users in this group .
he enrolled at the university of moscow , studying law and economics .
for road bicycle racing enthusiasts , the mountain can be climbed by three routes .
he began to wildly weave across the road before he fell down .
she is a unicef goodwill ambassador and has traveled widely for the organization .
the boroughs of berlin are not independent municipalities , however .
the olmec were the first major civilization in mexico .
the destrier is the best-known war horse of the medieval era .
these three types of horse were often referred to generically as chargers .
each pistil forms a fruitlet , and collectively the fruitlets are called an etaerio .
more complex sentences may contain multiple clauses .
- adjunct clause modifying matrix clause these adjunct clauses modify the entire matrix clause .
cells respond to a hormone when they express a specific receptor for that hormone .
zimmer 's works are notable for integrating electronic music sounds with traditional orchestral arrangements .
he also composed a new version of the theme music for abc world news .
it follows the nauplius stage and precedes the post-larva .
image-resolving eyes are present in molluscs , chordates and arthropods .
they are small , comprising up to about 100 cells covering about 100 µm .
in the acute zone the eyes are flattened and the facets larger .
some annelids and bivalves also have apposition eyes .
christmas trees may be decorated with lights and ornaments .
a christmas decoration is any of several types of decorations used at christmas time .
later , it changed its name to the japan symphony orchestra .
in 1822 , the city became the county seat .
however , this is not found in lacto-ovo vegetarians .
he played college football at washington state and tiffin .
he lies buried in cimetière de montparnasse in paris .
sartre died 15 april 1980 in paris from edema of the lung .
he wed actress jaime bergman in november 24 , 2001 .
boreanaz was married to ingrid quinn from 1997 to 1999 .
in 1904 he joined the newly formed london symphony orchestra .
no one on the street was injured but the cleanup took many weeks .
years containing a leap day are called leap years .
the cathedral opened in 1903 , a little after bentley 's death .
dr klein has published more than 150 scientific papers .
it has 365 openings , one for each day of the year .
it was listed on the national register of historic places in 1980 .
a frugivore is a fruit eater .
the alligatoridae family of crocodylians includes alligators and caimans .
it is now the capital of the bukhara province ( viloyat ) of uzbekistan .
the u.s. head office is in houston , texas .
modern flamenco is a highly technical dance style requiring years of study .
its characteristic appearance comes from densely packed shells of the freshwater snail viviparus .
the bubbles made by cavitation collapse forming tiny jets directed at the surface .
such diagnostic applications used during pregnancy are referred to as obstetric sonography .
dogs with normal hearing can hear ultrasound .
in 1968 , this name was abbreviated to ` karolinska institutet ' .
the original name was at first ` medico-chirurgiska institutet ' .
st. lucie county is a county located in the state of florida .
the county seat is fort pierce .
it was retained as the state flag upon statehood in 1959 .
charleston is part of kanawha county .
atlantic city is located on absecon island on the coast of the atlantic ocean .
muscle is a soft tissue found in most animals .
disney re-released the film on september 16 , 2008 .
in 2001 abc tv launched its digital service .
within australia , the abc operates four channels .
abc local radio is the corporation 's flagship radio station in each broadcast area .
completed trees are grown in formal bonsai containers .
there are fifteen species of crane in four genera .
cranes are highly vocal and have a large vocabulary of specialized calls .
the overworld-like map mode is where the player takes command of several ships .
star fox command returns the series to its roots as an air-combat game .
period carriages are ridden around the peterhof park as part of the carnival .
neuer signed a five-year contract that will last until june 2016 .
the crow genus makes up a third of the species in the corvidae family .
an ac ) 1.4 suggests riboflavin deficiency .
, and in the following year , in the tv quiz program passaparola .
she was also a competitor in the reality show reality game on sky vivo .
in 2001 she was a dancer in la sai l'ultima ?
in 2008 she starred in the film a light of passion .
in 2003 she presented spicy tg on antenna 3 .
born in omsk , ludmilla graduated in fashion design in that city in 1999 .
lü was born in taitung , taiwan .
contrary to rumors , no second series is planned .
it was preserved by the examining physician , philippe-jean pelletan .
following a tradition of preserving royal hearts , his heart was smuggled out .
he also worked on solving industrial problems , such as employee exams and testing .
multimedia devices are electronic media devices used to store and experience multimedia content .
in appearance , it is light yellow and opaque , smooth and creamy .
its name is related to the province of béarn , france .
hot club de paris are an english band from liverpool .
most cat species share a genetic anomaly that prevents them from tasting sweetness .
cats originated in asia and spread across continents by crossing land bridges .
an emission nebula is a cloud of ionized gas emitting light of various colors .
it was released on june 1 , 2004 through victory records .
it also includes the music video for `` niki fm `` .
it was dedicated in 1077 .
the cathedral is the regimental church of the princess of wales 's royal regiment .
she dies off-stage in the last act , an apparent suicide .
also an author , shaw wrote both fiction and non-fiction .
arsenic trisulfide is also used as a tanning agent .
additionally , los angeles hosted the summer olympic games in 1932 and 1984 .
the testes have two primary functions : to produce hormones and to produce sperm .
not all men have chest hair .
the domesday book of 1086 recorded swadlincote as a small manor .
the rays mature in 4 to 6 years .
she was only eleven months old .
her death was a cause for much sorrow on the part of her parents .
she was buried at the royal basilica of saint denis north of paris .
other ichthyosaur fossils showed this feature was not limited to ichthyosaurus .
it is a project of the wikimedia foundation .
the valley is situated at an elevation of 2,438 m ( 7,999 feet ) .
the religion of the nagar valley is islamic , all being shia isna ashree .
the languages spoken are brushashki , and shena .
40 % of the shina-speaking people live in nagar valley .
she was educated by private governesses until she was 18 .
potter 's books continue to sell throughout the world , in many languages .
males and females build large nests together in trees or on ledges .
woodlands may support an understory of shrubs and herbaceous plants including grasses .
conservationists have worked hard to preserve woodlands .
in december 1923 the exchange rate was 4,200,000,000,000 marks to 1 us dollar .
the transformers began with the 1980s japanese toy lines microman and diaclone .
sault ste . marie was at one time a haven for italian immigrants .
to me , system of a down is n't a progressive band .
newton-john has been a long-time activist for environmental and animal rights issues .
newton-john has been married twice .
mani composed seven writings , six of which were written in syriac aramaic .
the singer herself describes it as a `` dark blues-y gospel disco tune `` .
nepotism occurred in spanish colonial america when offices were given to family members .
in this compound , manganese is in the +7 oxidation state .
this report represents the first description of the production of potassium permanganate .
he patented this solution , and marketed it as condy 's fluid .
this crystalline material was known as condy 's crystals or condy 's powder .
early photographers used it as a component of flash powder .
potassium permanganate is an inorganic chemical compound with the formula kmno4 .
although effective , the solution was not very stable .
potassium permanganate is used extensively in the water treatment industry .
it lies in the country 's walloon region and province of liège .
spa ( french pronunciation : ( spa ) ) is a municipality of belgium .
fogolin was replaced as captain by gretzky for the 1983-84 season onwards .
his famous pupils include world champions anatoly karpov , garry kasparov and vladimir kramnik .
botvinnik died of pancreatic cancer in may 1995 .
fugazi is an american post-hardcore band that formed in washington , d.c. in 1987 .
texas monthly is a monthly american magazine headquartered in austin , texas .
he also had an 18-year intermittent affair with american actress carol lynley .
the neotominae are a subfamily of the family cricetidae .
spam bots should be treated equivalently as vandalbots .
they have a database of a few hundred wikis .
the largest third party since the 1980s is the libertarian party .
some reports `` australia 's thorny devil `` .
in recent years , the adrar des ifoghas has also become popular for treks .
in 1859-1861 , she wrote a monthly supplement to the englishwoman 's domestic magazine .
she died a week later , aged 28 .
both are buried at west norwood cemetery in south london .
palenquero ( also palenque ) is a spanish-based creole language spoken in colombia .
sarah michelle gellar was born on april 14 , 1977 in new york city .
it had seven seasons and 144 episodes .
the show was well received by critics and audiences .
today 's cary began in 1750 as a settlement called bradford 's ordinary .
in 1868 , page built a hotel to serve railroad passengers coming through cary .
eight episodes were produced for the first season .
it is the third largest city in lithuania and the capital of klaipėda county .
the present richland county courthouse was built at richland center in 1889 .
it is a member of the inuit group of irregular satellites .
it was named after kiviuq , a hero of inuit mythology .
despite having two caudal vertebrae , kitti 's hog-nosed bat has no visible tail .
after 1971 , safety concerns led to the grand prix moving permanently to mosport .
the marseilles prefect of police , jouhannaud , was subsequently removed from office .
in italy , ragù alla bolognese is often referred to simply as ragù .
cruz situates in the northern part of davao del sur .
there is also a large artist community in burkina faso , especially in ouagadougou .
its capital is ouagadougou .
valedictions normally immediately precede the signature in written correspondence .
frontman hibbert 's soulful style led him to be compared to otis redding .
disputes between european and chinese miners flared into brawls at daylesford and castlemaine .
several place names are sometimes used interchangeably when describing these events .
the first anti-chinese demonstration occurred in bendigo in july 1854 .
serious confrontations followed at adelong in 1857 and tambaroora in 1858 .
rollback is a feature of the mediawiki software that runs wikipedia .
grover was originally performed by frank oz from his earliest appearances until 2001 .
in 1930 he was elected to the national legislature , the reichstag .
schumacher was arrested in july and was severely beaten in prison .
reload is the seventh studio album by american heavy metal band metallica .
phelps has been mcvickar professor of political economy at columbia university since 1982 .
in 1982 phelps was appointed the mcvickar professor of political economy at columbia .
in 1951 , he went to amherst college for his undergraduate education .
during the early '80s he wrote an introductory textbook synthesizing the current economics knowledge .
its administrative center is the rural locality ( a selo ) of krymzaraykino .
adult-oriented figure lines are often exclusive to specific chain stores rather than mass retail .
the process was first used commercially for the successful film adaptation of oklahoma !
one of his first jobs was as a soda jerk .
rensselaer county is in the eastern part of new york state .
the lowest point is sea level at the hudson .
( it was part of the dutch colony new netherland ) .
its county seat is troy .
rensselaer county is part of the albany-schenectady-troy , ny metropolitan statistical area .
he conquered and governed cuba on behalf of spain .
the popular village of białowieża lies within the forest .
the forest is home to 800 european bison , europe 's heaviest land animal .
this rose , too , proved a failure in england , preferring warmer climates .
concert xylophones have tube resonators below the bars to enhance the tone and sustain .
like other echinoderms , crinoids have pentaradial symmetry .
it is headquartered in chicago , illinois .
he was widely considered a master of the modern chanson .
an alpine glacier that fills a valley is sometimes called a valley glacier .
reactions with soluble metal sulfates or sulfuric acid yield barium sulfate .
barium nitrate is manufactured by one of two processes .
like all soluble barium compounds , barium nitrate is toxic by ingestion or inhalation .
it can occur naturally or be induced by horticulturists .
the sample was a direct clip of a full bar of the song .
tambourines come in many shapes with the most common being circular .
tambourines are often used with regular percussion sets .
its output is principally contemporary pop and dance music .
he is one of the most financially successful hip-hop artists and entrepreneurs in america .
they have a daughter named blue ivy carter , born january 7 , 2012 .
jamaica is the fifth-largest island country in the caribbean .
chloris was said to have married neleus and become queen in pylos .
darth maul is a fictional character in the science fiction franchise star wars .
darth maul was portrayed by martial artist ray park in the phantom menace .
the website is the responsibility of the incumbent administration .
eastman was a founding member of the s.e.m . ensemble .
eastman and kotik performed together extensively in the early to mid-1970s .
however , no damage or fatalities were reported .
stats values are correct through week 17 .
the brown rat and house mouse are both used as medical subjects .
the vuvuzelas raised health and safety concerns .
similar horns have been in existence for much longer .
ares was also worshipped by the ancient baharna and the greek colonists .
year 390 bc was a year of the pre-julian roman calendar .
krishnamurti was born into a telugu brahmin family in india ( british india ) .
it reacts with many metals to form tellurides .
volatile tellurium compounds often have unpleasant odours , reminiscent of decayed leeks or garlic .
he was a younger brother of explorer pierre le moyne d'iberville .
in the cookie , the agent of cohesion has become some form of oil .
darmstadtium is a chemical element with the symbol ds and atomic number 110 .
it is an extremely radioactive synthetic element .
additional warning and distress signals followed the introduction of sos .
the county seat is clanton and it is a prohibition , or dry county .
sediments and landslide debris also covered the caldera floor .
mount mazama was destroyed in the battle , creating crater lake .
since that time , all eruptions on mazama have been confined to the caldera .
since 1990 the district had a partnership with the district fürth in bavaria .
stollberg is a former district in the free state of saxony , germany .
narrandera is a river town with a rich heritage .
he returned to new york to open a bookstore .
in 1975 , kundera moved to france .
tempera paint dries rapidly .
some schools of egg tempera use various mixtures of egg yolk and water .
coelacanths are a part of the clade sarcopterygii , or the lobe-finned fishes .
twelve clippers were built for pan am .
for training , many of the transpacific flights carried a second crew .
after the war , several clippers were returned to pan american hands .
he first wrote his song at 1994 in the film `` ogni sontan `` .
kabir bakul is writing songs , poems from 1986-1987 .
in 1988 he first wrote 13 songs and provided to singer tapan chowdhury .
till now he wrote 800 films song .
from those songs 2 of them were released in 2 albums .
besides that , he has worked as a journalist also .
it is based on a partial skeleton found in the gobi desert .
mahakala also had very short forelimbs compared to other dromaeosaurids .
choline was discovered by adolph strecker in 1864 and chemically synthesized in 1866 .
it is usually grouped within the b-complex vitamins .
prime minister benjamin disraeli is usually credited with the title 's creation .
the two peninsulas are connected by the mackinac bridge .
these weapons were relatively small , immobile , and fired large bolts or quarrels .
cate blanchett was born on 14 may 1969 in the melbourne suburb of ivanhoe .
this was the third fatal crash in asiana 's 25-year history .
thirty-five of the students were to attend a west valley christian school summer camp .
the skull of spinosaurus was long and narrow like that of a modern crocodilian .
six main partial specimens of spinosaurus have been described .
dung beetles can roll up to 10 times their weight .
in some cases , the male and the female roll together .
after the mating , both or one of them prepares the brooding ball .
during the larval stage , the beetle feeds on the dung surrounding it .
they do not prefer extremely cold or dry weather .
the scarabaeinae alone comprises more than 5,000 species .
many of them also feed on mushrooms and decaying leaves and fruits .
dung beetles are beetles that feed partly or exclusively on feces .
it was the second over the limit event .
margherita 's other siblings died in childhood or early adulthood .
she died in parma on february 6 , 1679 .
on september 11 , 1646 , odoardo died .
hire supermodel adriana lima to star in it . ``
the park was designated a unesco biosphere reserve in 1981 .
kuroda volunteered to join the all-nisei 442nd regimental combat team .
on 21 january 1992 , he died of cancer at the age of 55 .
alberto di morra was born about 1105 in benevento , italy .
the city eisenach left the district in 1998 and became a district-free city .
jurassic park is a science fiction novel written by michael crichton .
these records were called in cicero 's time the annales maximi .
instead , henry would be required to ask for the lands from richard .
the region is famous for its beautiful palm beaches .
the suborder contains four extant families and 15 species .
baleen whales have two blowholes , causing a v-shaped blow .
john brown was born may 9 , 1800 , in torrington , connecticut .
brown arrived in harpers ferry on july 3 , 1859 .
he played for first vienna fc and the austrian team as defender .
after his football career he became a successful international referee .
his last match was a 1:8 versus england on june 1 , 1909 .
( 22 matches : 8 won , 3 draws , 11 lost ) .
disturbed is an american heavy metal band from chicago , illinois .
before vocalist david draiman joined disturbed , they were known as brawl .
the struggle was to culminate in some severe defeats for owen .
huxley had little formal schooling and was virtually self-taught .
it is based at orly airport , paris .
moses fletcher came of the mayflower without his family .
moses died sometime in the winter of 1620-1621 .
moses fletcher departed plymouth , england aboard the mayflower on september 6\/16 , 1620 .
his name is memorialized on the pilgrim memorial tomb on coles hill in plymouth .
burke county is a county located in the u.s. state of north carolina .
in 1777 , burke county was formed from rowan county .
the name was later shortened to van diemen 's land by the british .
tasmania is a state in the australian federation .
is certified gold in the united states .
as of april 9 , 2009 , the final riot !
paramore began recording their second album , riot !
on november 25 , 2008 .
paramore is an american rock trio from franklin , tennessee , formed in 2004 .
previously , he had been a professor of physics at stanford university .
he was inducted into the oregon sports hall of fame in 2005 .
concussions prevented him from playing longer .
he is formerly the quarterbacks coach for the arizona cardinals .
bonner served in the federal senate as a queensland liberal senator .
his remains were returned to cuba for interment in the colon cemetery , havana .
carpentier 's interest in music had great influence on his prose writing .
amphibians include frogs , salamanders , and the extinct albanerpetontids .
stagodont marsupials , placentals and multituberculate mammals scurried underfoot .
its ecosystem is surrounded by prairies but is unique unto itself .
he established himself as a physician in mechelen in 1538 .
the al-masjid al-haram mosque was built around the kaaba .
the flora and fauna are considered similar to other southern antarctic marine regions .
she was a model for catalogs .
she has german , english , irish , and scottish ancestry .
in its original concept , gravity was a force between point masses .
the band has sold more than 25 million albums worldwide .
please add to or improve these regular expressions !
it is loosely based on the novella of the same name by truman capote .
the film was directed by blake edwards and released by paramount pictures .
meet the press is a weekly american television news\/interview program airing on nbc .
it has been hosted by 11 moderators , beginning with martha rountree .
in 2003 , he performed in his own 30-minute special on comedy central presents .
belbin \/ agosto won the silver medal at the 2005 world championships .
exposure to air causes the naiad to begin breathing .
about 500 amino acids are known and can be classified in many ways .
others may be conditionally essential for certain ages or medical conditions .
the mouth is recessed beneath the snout , and there is no tail .
like other caecilians , they superficially resemble worms or snakes .
in september 2001 , boeing moved its corporate headquarters from seattle to chicago .
the boeing company ( \/ ˈboʊ .
keeping that in mind may help you avoid becoming a `` biter `` .
he later studied law at salamanca university .
three key rearrangement reactions are 1,2-rearrangements , pericyclic reactions and olefin metathesis .
in allylic rearrangement , the reaction is indeed ionic .
president obama actively supported the bill .
on january 29 , 2009 , obama signed the bill into law .
unlike apes , old and new world monkeys usually have tails .
near to anchorage , they are a popular destination for outdoor activities .
it is the seat of the bishop of worcester .
in which he also voiced the animated character pellegnillot .
thielemans is credited as one of the greatest harmonica players of the 20th century .
he composed the music for the 1974 swedish film dunderklumpen !
the shōwa period ( 昭和時代 , shōwa jidai ?
child pornography is pornography that involves a child .
the fifth season follows two timelines .
it says ` made in china ' ! `` )
grameen bank is best known for its system of solidarity lending .
by 2006 , grameen bank branches numbered over 2,100 .
this program is focused on distributing small loans to beggars .
they were finally subdued by the spanish in 1697 .
postclassic maya states also continued to survive in the southern highlands .
scholars continue to discuss when this era of maya civilization began .
after turkish-persian wars of 1602-1639 western armenia became part of the ottoman empire .
he was wounded in east prussia in 1945 and transported home to stuttgart .
weizsäcker has served on many international commissions .
there were 28 sports and 302 events at the 2008 games .
scandinavian bodyguards of the byzantine emperors were known as the varangian guard .
the circus often performed abroad and reached world fame .
after the death of stosch-sarrasani sen. , his son stosch-sarrasani jun . took directorship .
jared carter is an american poet and editor .
uraninite is a major ore of uranium .
he was a member of the yardbirds from 1966 to 1968 .
important battles were fought at ticonderoga in 1758 and 1775 .
the maximum depth is approximately 400 feet ( 120 m ) .
louise was born on 18 march 1848 at buckingham palace , london .
nikodinov missed the entire 2002-2003 season .
nikodinov did not return to competition following the accident .
nikodinov is the daughter of bulgarian immigrants and speaks bulgarian fluently .
nikodinov and bulgarian figure skater ivan dinev were married in july 2008 .
jake blues is released from prison after serving three years for armed robbery .
in 1931 , she married her boss , sture lindgren ( 1898-1952 ) .
lindgren was the daughter of samuel august ericsson and hanna jonsson .
while at college , kidd converted to islam and adopted the name abudullah al-kidd .
athens is one of the first known democracies .
dr. phil is a talk show hosted by phil mcgraw .
its tenth season premiered on september 12 , 2011 .
the indomitable attacks , but loses the enemy in the mist .
once again , billy begins to stammer in rage .
unable to speak , he strikes claggart , killing him .
the crew of the indomitable works on deck .
echoed by the rest of the crew .
whaling is the hunting of whales primarily for meat and oil .
pattinson was born in london , england .
music plays in the background .
rounds and red for double jeopardy !
after the final commercial break , the final jeopardy !
round is concluded , the final jeopardy !
since the debut of jeopardy !
the main theme and final jeopardy !
the contestants compete in a quiz game comprising three rounds : jeopardy !
the best-known theme song on jeopardy !
the most recent sighting in britain occurred in january 2007 .
seven subspecies of american robin are recognized .
the fledglings are able to fly short distances after leaving the nest .
the american robin is a known reservoir ( carrier ) for west nile virus .
three years later , the institution became delaware state college by legislative action .
it first awarded degrees in 1898 .
the lira da braccio fell out of use sometime in the mid-17th century .
its basic meaning is `` someone who relieves a commander `` .
this terminology is also used in many other commonwealth armies .
bill bowerman was born in portland , oregon .
the flowers are small , and plentiful .
he took part in the fight to free angola from portuguese rule .
this was counter to the maoist idea of world revolution .
cruz became secretary-general of the mpla .
in super smash bros. .
, is a role-playing video game series created by shigesato itoi for nintendo .
the various factions sometimes battle for rights over their `` turf `` .
organized crime permeates the armenian economy .
the dutch were not allowed to hold any religious services on the island .
every ship that arrived in dejima was inspected .
they confiscated religious books and weapons .
kamakura was designated as a city on november 3 , 1939 .
bobby darin married sandra dee in 1960 .
frogger is an arcade game introduced in 1981 .
the player guides a frog which starts at the bottom of the screen .
frogger is still popular and clones can be found on many internet game sites .
this pressure is known as one standard atmosphere .
it belongs to the indo-aryan branch of the indo-european languages .
mammals and birds were well-established .
the second method utilizes a sliding linear l scale available on some models .
it is sometimes referred to as military fiction .
on 17 july 1796 rheinfelden was again occupied and looted by the french .
the protestants lost this encounter and moved on .
on 15 july 1633 , swedish and french troops devastated the city .
the collective language codes in iso 639-2 are listed below .
leh is followed by kargil as the largest town in ladakh .
almost half of ladakhis are tibetan buddhists and the rest are mostly shia muslims .
it is the first novel in the warriors series .
the communist party of germany also made striking gains , albeit not so great .
hindenburg enjoyed a long career in the prussian army , retiring in 1911 .
from 1943 to 1950 , he worked at indiana university .
he attended the medical school at the university of turin studying with giuseppe levi .
the total score adds up to a scale from 10 to 990 points .
a new version of the toeic listening & reading test was released in 2006 .
anthony mcgill is the principal clarinetist for the metropolitan opera .
all three mosaics had a similar iconography .
dante is also called `` the father of the italian language `` .
this ended the 400-year rule of the arsacid dynasty .
there caracalla was murdered by martialis on april 8 , 217 .
he was the younger son of vologases v who died in 208 .
other slender man-themed youtube serials followed , including everymanhybrid and tribe twelve .
they are trying to develop a biofuel that could be used by 2030 .
airbus recently had the first alternative fuel flight .
there were also changes in the system of vowel harmony .
annual snowfall averages 16.1 inches ( 41 cm ) .
leavenworth , founded in 1854 , was the first incorporated city in kansas .
fort leavenworth occupies the northern half of the city 's area .
muskie was born in rumford , maine .
he graduated from bates in 1936 , and from cornell law school in 1939 .
the word armadillo means `` little armored one `` in spanish .
armadillos are new world placental mammals with a leathery armor shell .
it contained five original compositions as well as five covers .
telex built its music entirely from electronic instruments , employing joyously irreverent humor .
starting in 1929 , she participated in a number of hastings congress tournaments .
virginia died there on january 30 , 1847 .
poe wrote much of his work using themes aimed specifically at mass-market tastes .
some poisons have specific antidotes :
first a wavelet transform is applied .
in foods , xanthan gum is most often found in salad dressings and sauces .
xanthan gum is also used in gluten-free baking .
xanthan gum also helps suspend solid particles , such as spices .
xanthan gum is a common ingredient in fake blood recipes , and in gunge\/slime .
the scale is a base-10 logarithmic scale .
american series which have had lesbian kiss episodes include :
the nile provided a plentiful source of fish .
some pdas also have a usb port , mainly for usb flash drives .
nearly all current pdas have the ability to connect to the internet .
later the configuration was introduced by honda and renault before the 1989 season .
however , high-revving v10 power-plants were incorporated into supercars from lamborghini and porsche .
european marques were slower to adopt the v10 configuration .
the strategy worked as di resta finished the race in 7th .
bernard haitink made his debut with the concertgebouw orchestra on 7 november 1956 .
conductors who served in this capacity included edo de waart and hans vonk .
the concertgebouw opened on 11 april 1888 .
the series was produced by endemol usa and insight productions .
gary later stated , `` i 'm happy for jillian .
big brother 1 began airing on february 27 , 2013 .
peter was the winner of the power of veto .
on day 1 , the original fifteen houseguests entered the house .
the recording of their debut album maiden voyage ( 2003 ) began .
many koreans are anxious about lee 's plans .
mcfly are an english pop rock band who formed in 2003 .
in 1952 , barenboim moved to israel with his family .
he lives in berlin .
the major attractions in las vegas are the casinos and the hotels .
her bebop recording of `` oh , lady be good ! ``
she met drummer and bandleader chick webb there .
granz helped solidify her position as one of the leading live jazz performers .
the booking was instrumental in fitzgerald 's career .
organolithium compounds are widely used in the production of polymer and fine-chemicals .
many other lithium compounds are used as reagents to prepare organic compounds .
however , the greens ' lead candidate , deb foskey , was elected .
she was unsuccessful in winning a seat in the multi-member electorate .
this opera is famous for the aria `` ah !
in mississippi , one person was killed after lightning caused a house fire .
one confirmed ef0 tornado hit the town of crowley , louisiana .
also , 3 tornadoes hit new albany , indiana , and jeffersonville , indiana .
two ef0 tornadoes were also confirmed in eastern north carolina .
numerous houses were damaged and eight people were injured .
however , there were no reported tornadoes .
supercells explosively developed over central oklahoma .
overall damage in the state from tornadoes amounted to $ 10.4 million .
severe weather once again developed across parts of the midwest on april 22 .
they were reported across several states along the immediate east coast .
it was rated ef2 .
the hardest-hit area was parts of the st. louis metropolitan area .
in total , five tornadoes were confirmed .
several tornadoes touched down across parts of the southern united states .
during that period seven tornadoes touched down in mississippi .
at least three tornadoes touched down in florida late on october 18 .
at least two people were injured .
the worst damage was in wheeling , illinois .
it was the first killer tornado of 2011 .
framingham is a town in middlesex county , massachusetts , united states .
the population was 68,318 as of the united states 2010 census .
framingham is divided into 18 precincts with 12 elected town meeting members per precinct .
kate kelly , the sister of bushranger ned kelly , lived in the town .
it is on the banks of the lachlan river .
gold was initially found in the area known as halpin 's flat .
passenger trains operated to forbes until 1983 .
when he was nine , his family moved to savannah , georgia .
the shamrock refers to the young sprigs of clover or trefoil .
07-ghost is a fantasy manga written and illustrated by yuki amemiya and yukino ichihara .
a group of sheep is called a flock , herd or mob .
these species are placed within 1,260 genera and 106 families .
the dutch defense is a chess opening characterised by the moves : 1 .
she cites michael jackson , janet jackson , and paula abdul as influences .
it was on the later show that their lyrical hip-hop choreography style gained exposure .
`` bleeding love `` was nominated for a 2009 emmy award for outstanding choreography .
it was there at a party that she met napoleon .
it is based in edinburgh , scotland , and has members throughout the world .
the science of oceanography is , in part , an outgrowth of classical hydrography .
at first the area was called the granites .
he then tried to travel north west and was defeated by the desert .
in 2004 the school switched from radio based education to the satellite education program .
he spent six months trapped by drought at depot glen , south of tibooburra .
prokaryotic cells were the first form of life on earth .
bones are rigid organs that constitute part of the endoskeleton of vertebrates .
a boot is a type of footwear and a specific type of shoe .
they were married on march 17 , 1967 , in new york city .
her mother supplemented the family income by working as a maid .
in 1965 , walker met melvyn rosenman leventhal , a jewish civil rights lawyer .
walker and her husband divorced in 1976 .
kim is a picaresque novel by nobel prize-winning english author rudyard kipling .
his combined works constitute a virtual encyclopedia of greek knowledge .
he wrote many dialogues of which only fragments have survived .
aristotle encouraged alexander toward eastern conquest and his attitude towards persia was unabashedly ethnocentric .
his father nicomachus was the personal physician to king amyntas of macedon .
oliba was born circa 971 to an affluent family in the spanish march .
the new cathedral was rededicated to saints peter and paul on 31 august 1038 .
oliba died at his monastery at cuixà in 1046 .
eyes open is the fourth album by rock band snow patrol .
gamburyan defeated noah thomas by kimura lock in the preliminary round .
pepin county was formed in 1858 from portions of dunn county .
pepin county was the birthplace of laura ingalls wilder .
it is the smallest county in wisconsin by area .
she was said to resemble her father and was his favorite daughter .
feidman married ora bat-chaim , his personal manager , in 1975 .
in the early 1970s he began his solo career .
feidman comes from a family of klezmer musicians .
in july , one tropical storm and two hurricanes formed .
early on the morning on october 16 , roslyn became a tropical storm .
the hurricane veered to the west and passed south of hawaii .
another tropical disturbance formed on july 24 .
on july 18 , estelle intensified into a hurricane .
a tropical disturbance became a tropical depression on september 18 .
at 6 ft 4 in ( 1.93 m ) , 225 lb .
the term `` county `` is used in 48 of the 50 u.s. states .
the la brea tar pits are a registered national natural landmark .
the tar is often covered with dust , leaves , or water .
songs from the album have been played internationally syndicated house of blues radio hour .
the economist named hank hill as one of the wisest people on television .
the women held a vote as to whether balukas should be allowed to play .
that was my excuse to finally say i need a break . ``
the wpba 's board of directors thereafter sanctioned balukas $ 200 for unsportsmanlike conduct .
you know , you 're going to fine me ?
balukas was not just talented at pool but was an all-around good athlete .
the men 's division , by contrast , had no similar dress code .
i was stabbed in the back . ``
the sides were at an impasse .
lavey was born as howard stanton lavey in chicago , illinois .
dollinger field is the name of the football field .
echinoderms , for example , exhibit unmistaken bilateral symmetry as larvae .
born in buxton , derbyshire , travis was raised in manchester .
tourism is becoming increasingly important , thanks to the scenic beauty and coastal locality .
british naval explorer matthew flinders discovered boston bay on 26 february 1802 .
on 23 march 2005 , buena gave birth to her daughter tahlia .
buena was born in kingsbury , london and attended kingsbury high school .
carmen is an opera in four acts by the french composer georges bizet .
originally the post focused on energy production and regulation .
schenker then passed the tape along to sony music executive andy slater .
apple 's second album , when the pawn ... , was released in 1999 .
at age 12 she was raped outside her apartment .
the time delay effect was first noticed in 1964 , by irwin shapiro .
the canadians faced elements of the renowned german 1st parachute division .
his technical innovations and enormous influence left a lasting legacy .
clare hall is a constituent college of the university of cambridge , england .
on 9 april 1985 , he was sworn-in as chief minister of punjab .
the frankfurter rundschau is a german daily newspaper , based in frankfurt am main .
the pulmonary vein returns the now oxygen-rich blood to the left atrium .
in 1632 , he became a priest .
yerba mate also contains elements such as potassium , magnesium and manganese .
the fruit is a red drupe 4-6 mm in diameter .
a mosfilm television film version , peppi dlinnyychulok , was released in 1984 .
a swedish pippi longstocking television series was created based on the books in 1968 .
there is marked sexual dimorphism in this species .
lodging ( or a holiday accommodation ) is a type of residential accommodation .
but i found it to be completely different . ``
the poor-quality information gathered via the eye seemed to him to make vision impossible .
uncomplicated infections can be diagnosed and treated based on symptoms alone .
trimethoprim alone is deemed to be equivalent to tmp\/smx in some countries .
lower urinary tract infection is also referred to as a bladder infection .
medications frequently used include nitrofurantoin and trimethoprim\/sulfamethoxazole .
the evidence that preventative antibiotics decrease urinary tract infections in children is poor .
urinary catheterization increases the risk for urinary tract infections .
risk factors include female anatomy , sexual intercourse and family history .
a number of vaccines are in development as of 2011 .
for simple utis , children often respond to a three-day course of antibiotics .
urinary tract symptoms are frequently lacking in the elderly .
in it , schiff stated that essjay 's assertion was `` complete nonsense . ``
he asserted that he required anonymity to avoid cyberstalking .
thus , cricket is , by far , the most popular sport of india .
that summer he teamed with big van vader and reignited his feud with sting .
lateral lines serve an important role in schooling behavior , predation , and orientation .
she died in toronto on may 14 , 1940 , aged 70 .
the persians overran boeotia and then captured the evacuated athens .
in 1949 , king began recording songs under contract with los angeles-based rpm records .
he also published the bangladesh newsletter from his home in nashville .
his early childhood was spent in the village .
yunus has received several other national and international honors .
later , he was appointed lecturer in economics in chittagong college in 1961 .
the first prototype flew on december 8 , 1962 .
algebraic geometry is a branch of mathematics , classically studying zeros of polynomial equations .
32 fouettés en tournant ( fr .
it is a white bird adorned with buff plumes in the breeding season .
some populations of the cattle egret are migratory and others show post-breeding dispersal .
duffy 's work has often used freudian ideas and greek mythology as a framework .
her collected poems,1949-84 appeared in 1985 .
he married anne selph in 1960 ; the couple has four sons .
he was soundly defeated by republican nominee jeb bush .
mackay was born to a citrus-farming family in ocala , florida .
mackay was at this time in boston with his wife .
guinea joined in 2005 .
important tributaries are the falémé river , karakoro river , and the gorgol river .
this produced a rough-running design which was unacceptable to many customers .
other manufacturers took note and soon other v6 engines were in use .
in 1949 he also received a master of laws ( ll .
the female is a brownish bird with bare blue crown .
the head is naked blue , with black double cross pattern on it .
nevertheless , ormonde was in a very difficult situation .
ormonde became wentworth 's chief friend and supporter .
ormonde then judged that he could not hold dublin against the confederates .
the irish confederate war was underway .
in 1851 , reinecke became a professor at the cologne conservatory .
in 1846 , reinecke was appointed court pianist for christian viii in copenhagen .
the aec 's major responsibilities are to run federal elections , by-elections and referendums .
each state also has an australian electoral officer responsible for administration of senate elections .
like other nabemono dishes , each region has a preferred way of cooking sukiyaki .
he had a younger sister , kashmira .
in 1852 he took the position of lighthouse keeper at pencarrow head .
a colorimeter is a device used in colorimetry .
in 1832 the city of antwerp appointed him professor of painting .
he was subsequently appointed painter to leopold , king of the belgians .
wappers was invited to the court at brussels , and was favored with commissions .
additionally , one of the gravel traps runs underneath the west grandstand .
together they had 10 children .
he attended the school until 1790 , becoming well-versed in latin and basic french .
howard is now one of the most recognized composers for film .
specifically , cheletropic reactions are a subclass of cycloadditions .
this confirmed a prediction based on high-level ab initio quantum calculations .
the reaction showed pseudo first-order kinetics .
a few examples are shown to the right .
the small molecule can approach in a linear or non-linear fashion .
this was shown experimentally and using gaussian calculations .
this is also depicted in the diagram below .
sistan was once the homeland of sakas , a scythian tribe of iranian origin .
the program was hosted by john seibel and steve phillips .
seaweed is under consideration as a potential source of bioethanol .
seaweed is an ingredient in toothpaste , cosmetics and paints .
the deepest living seaweeds are some species of red algae .
seaweed is a macroscopic , multicellular , benthic marine algae .
graham 's number , g , is much larger than n : , where .
korail operates metros , passenger and freight trains throughout south korea .
the rail transport system in great britain developed during the 19th century .
the bicester military railway was already run by the government .
austria-hungary annexed bosnia in 1908 , sparking a major european crisis .
in 1908 her husband died unexpectedly .
president wilson suffered a severe stroke in october 1919 .
naomi campbell ( born 22 may 1970 ) is a british model .
she took on the surname campbell from her mother 's second marriage .
the pedal has three positions .
there are many different kinds of harps in africa .
the harp is paraguay 's national instrument .
the concert harp is a pedal harp .
after the indian rebellion of 1857 , the british exiled him from delhi .
also the relationship is usually , but not always , secret .
is a japanese manga created by the japanese manga collective clamp .
the pseudanthium has a whorl of bracts below the flowers , forming an involucre .
the youngest of three children , williams was born in newburgh , new york .
the material was produced by trent reznor and mixed by alan moulder .
this collaboration resulted in 2007 's the inevitable rise and liberation of niggytardust !
her tombstone at boissy-sans-avoir in the canton of montfort-l'amaury bears the name rosemarie albach .
beauregard ordered his entire line forward .
its key signature has seven sharps ( see below : scales and keys ) .
the direct enharmonic equivalent of a-sharp minor is b-flat minor .
one of the protests resulted in his being arrested and jailed .
many if not all of these family members are involved in institutionalised philanthropic pursuits .
they are administered by a powerful trust committee that oversees the fortune .
a commodity market is a market that trades in primary rather than manufactured products .
the second dorsal fin is smaller than the first .
the bull shark is known to populate the indian river .
by amazon 's estimates , the kindle 2 can hold about 1,500 non-illustrated books .
soon after , the city was surrendered and taken over by the taliban .
the andromeda galaxy is estimated to be 7.1 × 1011 solar masses .
it is also the only australian mammal restricted to alpine habitat .
the first church of benrath was constructed in 1002 .
it has an area of 5.90 km2 and 15,900 inhabitants .
benrath station is a stop for regional-express trains .
a mood is an emotional state .
the station was situated inland , about 2 km from woody bay itself .
from 1923 until closure , the line was operated by the southern railway .
pyrite is the most common of the sulfide minerals .
fungi and plants use other mtoc structures to organize their microtubules .
interestingly , centrioles are not required for the progression of mitosis .
many cells can completely undergo interphase without centrioles .
the centrosome replicates during the s phase of the cell cycle .
there are also shuttle hurdle relay races , although they are rarely run .
horse racing has its own variant of hurdle racing , with similar principals .
, was released on april 19 , 2013 .
no other details have survived .
` pelycosaurs ' make up the six most primitive families of synapsids .
primitive synapsids are usually called pelycosaurs ; more advanced mammal-like ones , therapsids .
it may have provided new attachment sites for jaw muscles .
synapsids are characterized by having differentiated teeth .
only the males have antlers .
men 's hanbok saw little change compared to women 's hanbok .
bromine pentafluoride , brf5 , is an interhalogen compound and a fluoride of bromine .
pi bonds do not necessarily connect a pair of atoms that are also sigma-bonded .
electrons in pi bonds are sometimes referred to as pi electrons .
pi-bonds are more diffuse bonds than the sigma bonds .
p orbitals often engage in this sort of bonding .
they play in blue and white shirts , shorts and socks .
the boys played a match against a team called humaitá , and won .
a similar situation with igneous rocks occurs when xenoliths are found .
evidence of acute rheumatic fever would exclude a pans classification .
royal assent was occasionally given in english , though more usually in french .
in general , the properties of malleable cast iron are more like mild steel .
a more figurative style is apparent in his later work .
in kentucky and missouri , there were both pro-confederate and pro-union governments .
the least skipper favors damp or wet habitats with tall grasses .
they have a weak , satyr-like flight .
their checkered antennae have no hooks .
the head is either brown or tan and is usually darker in the center .
the least skipper 's rounded wings and slender body are distinctive .
the hind wing veins are whitish .
it has 2-4 broods per year .
boulton founded the soho mint , to which he soon adapted steam power .
, and refusing military service and blood transfusions .
some monarchies are non-hereditary .
bathymetry and satellite altimetry are two technologies working to close the gap .
he studied philosophy at rhodes under archelaus and became fluent in greek .
the conspirators decided to attack the triumvirate 's allies in asia .
they had one son , who was born in about 60 bc .
persephone gives them a flower to track the thief .
by this , they know that persephone commissioned the sword against hades ' orders .
meanwhile , silena beauregard ( daughter of aphrodite ) and annabeth surprise percy .
there are several varieties of salts .
there were numerous brooks providing fresh water .
william bradford arrived in amsterdam in august 1608 .
bradford recovered but many of the settlers were not so fortunate .
zeebra was born and raised in tokyo .
on november 14 , 2006 , lashley moved to the ecw brand .
using the name bobby lashley .
members of lycopodiophyta bear a protostele , and the sporophyte generation is dominant .
it was developed by microsoft within its .
the march is still played by royal marine bands .
striper and their hybrids , as well as white bass , are also abundant .
it begins at the confluence of the yadkin and the south yadkin rivers .
lexington is the county seat of davidson county , north carolina , united states .
lexington was incorporated as a city in 1828 .
his poetry is written in german and catalan .
his first collection of short stories was printed in 2007 .
another award-winning essay , `` was blieb vom weißen ritter ? ``
( they are ) just interested in sudan 's resources . ``
haitink has five children from his first marriage to marjolein snijder .
cyclooctatetraene , for example , possesses alternating single and double bonds .
hemoglobin transports oxygen to the cells of our bodies .
lone pairs , radicals or carbenium ions may be part of the system .
porphyrin-metal complexes often have strong colors .
goliath fell dead , and david took goliath 's sword and beheaded him .
its invention is attributed to rip sewell of the pittsburgh pirates in the 1940s .
drivers with multiple citizenship choose their `` official `` nationality .
it is also the host to more parasites than any other australian rodent .
the bush rat is found primarily in the coastal regions of southwestern australia .
it is considered to be a pest species because it can destroy cane fields .
its nickname is vlaanderens mooiste ( dutch for `` flanders ' finest `` ) .
this was mainly merino sheep and beef cattle , and continues now .
the town is situated about 160 kilometres west of canberra .
unfortunately the chinese portion of the cemetery was obliterated in the early 1900s .
it is about 17 km north-north-west of crookwell in the county of georgiana .
free voluntary reading refers to using extensive reading in language education .
he writes not only mystery novels but also essays and story books for children .
roman homes were like greek homes .
they were born in charleston , south carolina , usa .
they became early activists in the women 's rights movement .
the luo women use small beads attached to pieces of brass for ear ornaments .
though a peaceful people , the kavirondo fight well .
among the nilotic tribes the grave is dug beneath the verandah of the hut .
the bantu appear to have been the first comers .
benzene is a colorless and highly flammable liquid with a sweet smell .
the current editor-in-chief is rainer weissauer ( ruprecht-karls-universität heidelberg )
incidents of violent crime is uncommon , but increasing .
it is also known as the van damme stand .
the east stand is a two-tier development , completed in 1993 .
the stand also incorporates a traditional player ' tunnel in the center .
the education division plans and organizes educational sessions for federal judges and court staff .
ɒn \/ is an ion with a positively-charged carbon atom .
molecules that can form allyl or benzyl carbocations are especially reactive .
this ion is predicted to be aromatic by hückel 's rule .
a carbocation \/ ˌkɑrbɵˈkætaɪ .
meinhof was allowed to join him .
she also made a guest appearance in om shanti om ( 2007 ) .
she is also the face of the fashion line , aftershock .
high explosives detonate with explosive velocity ranging from 3 to 9 km\/s .
it is an example of bartók 's `` night music `` idiom .
boulmerka received death threats and was forced to move to europe to train .
a month later , she competed at the world championships .
bowser jr. also appears in new super mario bros. .
bowser jr. is a staple character in the various mario spin-off games .
and mario kart wii and also appears in the mario sports games .
an asterisk \* denotes shows ( or movies ) that feature no ultramen .
ultraman was followed by many other series .
the population was 65 at the u.s. census 2000 .
design work on the northrop bt-1 began in 1935 .
since 1 july 2007 , it is part of the new city of dessau-roßlau .
rankin appeared on the tonight show more than twenty times .
some of the technologies have been adapted to social networking services and isps .
collapsed calderas and canyons are south west of the mountain .
the city has had three cathedrals .
batik was successfully introduced after several ernabella artists traveled to indonesia in the 1970s .
the ernabella artists are now renowned for their batik work and printmaking .
the community sits at an elevation of 676 metres .
a basic police station exists at pukatja , and is not permanently manned .
mail is delivered twice a week by air mail bag .
costa rica has developed high literacy rates and education levels .
san josé has many beautiful theaters , many with european-inspired architecture .
it is named in honor of joseph of nazareth .
the foreign minister is generally the most well-traveled member of any cabinet .
a foreign minister 's powers can vary from government to government .
the name of the post comes from several domestic duties .
after two seasons , they were relegated yet again in 1921 .
the heleophrynidae are a family of order anura , commonly known as ghost frogs .
their top ten species included the ghost frogs .
many of these guests have also recorded with the orchestra .
the music director is riccardo muti , who began his tenure in 2010 .
the film was entered into the 1953 cannes film festival .
what have you been brought here for ? ``
in 1901 he was appointed a deputy assistant adjutant general .
he retired on 17 july 1920 , retaining the rank of colonel .
no doctor or supplier was allowed in , resulting in the sick being unattended .
the shooting continued unabated for about 10 minutes .
he attended midleton college , county cork , ireland between 1875 and 1881 .
we need to talk about kevin received positive reviews .
the largest is the isua greenstone belt at the south-west coast of greenland .
it appeared during the eoarchean around 3.8 billion years ago .
moreover , 32 greeks were severely wounded .
replacement tubules grow back in 1.5 to 5 weeks , depending on the species .
sea cucumbers are found on the sea floor worldwide .
sea cucumbers are echinoderms from the class holothuroidea .
they are signed to lionheart international record label .
emergency medicine ( em ) as a medical specialty is relatively young .
a headset combines a headphone with a microphone .
all major political parties in northern ireland now support the psni .
taylor is the son of british physicist , john c. taylor .
he is married to christine taylor ( a mathematical biologist ) .
terrestrial ziphodont sebecid crocodilians were also present at least through the middle miocene .
a 61-ma-old platypus-like monotreme fossil from patagonia may represent an australian immigrant .
the interchange is visible from observation of both stratigraphy and nature ( neontology ) .
the film was shot entirely at the walt disney studios in burbank , california .
trilobites form one of the earliest known groups of arthropods .
suzuka and fuji were to alternate hosting the japanese grand prix from 2009 .
however , the problem continued for the new revised section .
the track held a re-opening day on april 12 , 2009 .
suzuka also hosts other motorsport events including the suzuka 1000km endurance race .
frances was later absorbed by an extratropical cyclone on november 21 .
the international prototype kilogram ( ipk ) is rarely used or handled .
in other words , speakers convert electrical signals into audible signals .
villette was charlotte brontë 's fourth novel .
he appeared and sang in the 1980 movie the blues brothers .
