in 1815 , monsieur charles-françois-bienvenu myriel was bishop of digne.1 he was an elderly man of about seventy-five and he had occupied the seat of digne since 1806 .
there is something we might mention that has no bearing whatsoever on the tale we have to tell—not even on the background . yet it may well serve some purpose , if only in the interests of precision , to jot down here the rumours and gossip that had circulated about him the moment he first popped up in the diocese .
true or false , what is said about people often has as much bearing on their lives and especially on their destinies as what they do .
monsieur myriel was the son of a councillor of the aix parliament , a member of the noblesse de robe.2 they reckoned his father had put him down to inherit his position and so had married him off very early in the piece when he was only eighteen or twenty , as they used to do quite a lot in parliamentary families .
charles myriel , married or no , had , they said , set tongues wagging .
he was a good-looking young man , if on the short side , elegant , charming , and witty ; he had given the best years of his life thus far to worldly pursuits and love affairs .
then the revolution came along , events spiralled , parliamentary families were wiped out , chased away , hunted , scattered .
monsieur charles myriel emigrated to italy soon after the revolution broke out .
his wife died there of the chest infection she ’ d had for ages .
they had no children .
what happened next in the destiny of monsieur myriel ?
the collapse of the old society in france , the fall of his own family , the tragic scenes of ’ 93,3 which were , perhaps , even more frightening for émigrés4 watching them from afar with the magnifying power of dread—did these things cause notions of renunciation and solitude to germinate in his mind ?
was he , in the middle of the distractions and amorous diversions that filled his life , suddenly hit by one of those mysterious and terrible jolts that sometimes come and strike at the heart , bowling over the man public calamities couldn ’ t shake , threatening as these did only his existence and his fortune ?
no one could say ; all that was known was that , when he came back from italy , he was a priest .
in 1804,5 monsieur myriel was the curé of brignolles .
he was already old and lived like a real recluse in profound seclusion .
around the time of the coronation , a small parish matter—who can remember what now ? —took him to paris .
among other powerful persons , he called on cardinal fesch,7 napoléon ’ s uncle , to petition him on his parishioners ’ behalf .
one day when the emperor was visiting his uncle , the worthy curé , who was waiting in the anteroom , found himself in his majesty ’ s path .
napoléon , seeing the old boy give him the once-over with a certain curiosity , wheeled round and said brusquely : who is this little man staring at me ?
your majesty , said monsieur myriel , you see a little man , and i see a great man .
both of us may benefit .
that very night , the emperor asked the cardinal what the curé ’ s name was and some time after that monsieur myriel was stunned to learn that he ’ d been named bishop of digne . but , when all ’ s said and done , what was true in the tales told about the first phase of monsieur myriel ’ s life ?
no one could tell .
few families had known the myriel family before the revolution .
monsieur myriel had to endure the fate of every newcomer in a small town , where there are always plenty of mouths blathering and not many brains working .
he had to endure it even though he was the bishop , and because he was the bishop .
but , after all , the talk in which his name cropped up was perhaps nothing more than talk ; hot air , babble , words , less than words , pap , as the colourful language of the midi8 puts it .
whatever the case , after nine years as the resident bishop of digne , all the usual gossip that initially consumes small towns and small people had died and sunk without a trace .
no one would have dared bring it up , no one would have dared remember what it was .
monsieur myriel arrived in digne accompanied by an old spinster , mademoiselle baptistine , who was his sister and ten years his junior .
they had only one servant , a woman the same age as mademoiselle baptistine , called madame magloire . having been the servant of monsieur le curé , she now went by the double title of personal maid to mademoiselle and housekeeper to monseigneur.9
mademoiselle baptistine was a tall , pale , thin , sweet person , the personification of that ideal expressed by the word respectable ; for it seems a woman must be a mother to be esteemed .
she had never been pretty , but her entire life , which had been merely a succession of holy works , had ended up laying a sort of whiteness and brightness over her ; as she aged , she had gained what you could describe as the beauty of goodness .
what had been skinniness in her youth had become transparency with maturity ; and this diaphanous quality revealed the angel within .
she was more of a spirit than a virgin .
she seemed a mere shadow with scarcely enough of a body to have a gender ; just a bit of matter bearing a light , with great big eyes always lowered to the ground , an excuse for a spirit to remain on earth .
madame magloire was a little old lady , white skinned , plump , round , busy , always wheezing , first because of always bustling about and second because of her asthma .
when he first arrived , monsieur myriel was set up in his episcopal palace with all the honours required by imperial decree , which ranked bishops immediately after field marshals.10 the mayor and the president of the local council were the first to visit him , and on his side , he made his first visits to the general and the chief of police .
once he had moved in , the town waited to see their bishop on the job .
the episcopal palace of digne was next door to the hospital .
the episcopal palace was a vast and handsome town house built in stone at the beginning of the previous century by monseigneur henri puget , doctor of theology of the faculty of paris and abbé of simore,1 who had been bishop of digne in 1712. the palace was truly a mansion fit for a lord .
everything about it was on the grand scale , the bishop ’ s apartments , the drawing rooms , the bedrooms , the main courtyard , which was huge , with covered arcades in the old florentine style , and the gardens planted with magnificent trees .
it was in the dining room , which was a long and superb gallery on the ground floor opening onto the grounds , that monseigneur henri puget had , on july 29 , 1714 , ceremoniously fed the ecclesiastical dignitaries , charles brûlart de genlis , archbishop prince of embrun , antoine de mesgrigny , capuchin bishop of grasse , philippe de vendôme , grand prior of france , abbé of saint-honoré de lérins , françois de berton de crillon , bishop baron of vence , césar de sabran de forcalquier , lord bishop and lord of glandève , and jean soanen , priest of the oratory , preacher in ordinary to the king , lord bishop of senez.2 the portraits of these seven reverend fathers embellished the dining room and the memorable date of july 29 , 1714 , was engraved there in gold lettering on a white marble panel .
the hospital was a low , narrow , single-story house with a small garden .
three days after his arrival , the bishop visited the hospital .
when his visit was over , he politely begged the director to accompany him back to his place .
monsieur le directeur , how many sick people do you have in your hospital at the moment ?
twenty-six , monseigneur .
that ’ s what i counted , said the bishop .
the beds are all jammed together , the director went on .
that ’ s what i noticed .
the living areas are just bedrooms , and they ’ re difficult to air .
that ’ s what i thought .
then again , when there ’ s a ray of sun , the garden ’ s too small for the convalescents .
that ’ s what i said to myself .
as for epidemics , we ’ ve had typhus this year , and two years ago we had miliary fever—up to a hundred were down with it at any one time . we don ’ t know what to do .
the thought did strike me .
what can we do , monseigneur ?
said the director .
you have to resign yourself to it .
this conversation took place in the dining-room gallery on the ground floor .
the bishop fell silent for a moment , then suddenly turned to the hospital director .
monsieur , he said , how many beds do you think you could get in this room alone ?
monseigneur ’ s dining room ?
cried the astonished director .
the bishop sized up the room , giving the impression he was taking measurements and making calculations by eye alone .
it could easily hold twenty beds ! he mumbled , as though talking to himself .
then he spoke more loudly . look , my dear director , i ’ ll tell you what .
there has obviously been a mistake .
there are twenty-six of you in five or six small rooms .
there are three of us here and we ’ ve got enough room for sixty .
there ’ s been a mistake , i ’ m telling you . you ’ ve got my place and i ’ ve got yours .
give me back my house . this is your rightful home , here .
the next day , the twenty-six poor were moved into the bishop ’ s palace and the bishop was at the hospital .
monsieur myriel had no property , his family having lost everything in the revolution .
his sister got an annuity of five hundred francs , which was enough for her personal expenses , living at the presbytery .
monsieur myriel received a salary of fifteen thousand francs from the government as bishop .
the very day he moved into the hospital , monsieur myriel decided once and for all to put this sum to use as follows . we transcribe here the note written in his hand .
the whole time monsieur myriel held the see of digne , he made almost no change in this arrangement—what he called , as we shall see , taking care of his household expenses .
mademoiselle baptistine accepted the arrangement with absolute submission .
for this devout spinster , myriel was both her brother and her bishop , the friend she grew up with and her superior according to ecclesiastical authority .
quite simply , she loved him and revered him .
when he spoke , she listened , and when he took action , she was right behind him .
only the servant , madame magloire , grumbled a bit .
as you will have noticed , the bishop kept only a thousand livres for himself which , added to mademoiselle baptistine ’ s pension , meant fifteen hundred francs a year .
the two old women and the old man all lived on those fifteen hundred francs .
and when some village curé came to digne , the bishop still managed to find a way of entertaining him , thanks to the assiduous scrimping and saving of madame magloire and mademoiselle baptistine ’ s clever management .
one day , when the bishop had been in digne for about three months , he said , with all that , things are pretty tight !
they certainly are !
cried madame magloire .
monseigneur hasn ’ t even claimed the money the département owes him for the upkeep of his carriage in town and his rounds in the diocese .
in the old days , that was standard for bishops .
you ’ re right , madame magloire ! the bishop agreed .
and he put in his claim .
a short while later , after considering this application , the department council voted him an annual stipend of three thousand francs , under the heading , bishop ’ s allowance for carriage upkeep , postal costs , and travel expenses incurred in pastoral rounds .
the local bourgeoisie was up in arms over this and an imperial senator,4 who had been a member of the council of five hundred5 promoting the eighteenth brumaire and was now provided with a magnificent senatorial seat near digne township , wrote a cranky little private letter to the minister of public worship , monsieur bigot de préameneu.6 we produce here a genuine extract of a few lines :
whatever for , in a town with less than four thousand people ?
travel expenses incurred in pastoral rounds ?
to start with , what ’ s the good of them anyway ?
and then , how the hell does he do the rounds by post chaise in such mountainous terrain ?
there are no roads .
one has to proceed on horseback .
even the bridge over the durance at château-arnoux7 can barely take a bullock-drawn cart .
all these priests are the same . greedy and tight .
this one played the good apostle when he first turned up .
now he acts like all the rest . he must have a carriage and a post chaise .
oh , these bloody clergy !
monsieur le comte , things will only come good when the emperor has delivered us from these pious swine .
down with the pope !
] 8 as for me , i ’ m for caesar alone .
madame magloire , on the other hand , was delighted .
she said to mademoiselle baptistine . monseigneur put the others first but he ’ s wound up having to think of himself , finally .
he ’ s fixed up all his charities .
here ’ s three thousand livres for us .
the same night , the bishop wrote a note , which he handed to his sister . it went like this :
and that was monsieur myriel ’ s budget . as for the cost of episcopal services , redemptions , dispensations , baptisms , sermons , consecrations of churches and chapels , marriages and so on , the bishop took from the rich all the more greedily for giving it all to the poor .
it wasn ’ t long before offerings of money poured in .
the haves and the have-nots all knocked on monsieur myriel ’ s door , some coming in search of the alms that the others had just left .
in less than a year , the bishop became treasurer of all works of charity and cashier to all those in distress .
large sums passed through his hands , but nothing could make him change his style of life in the slightest or get him to embellish his spartan existence by the faintest touch of the superfluous .
far from it .
as there is always more misery at the bottom of the ladder than there is fraternity at the top , everything was given away , so to speak , before it was received , like water on thirsty soil .
a lot of good it did him to be given money , he never had any .
and so , he robbed himself .
the custom being for bishops to put their full baptismal names at the head of their mandates and pastoral letters , the poor people of the area had chosen , out of a sort of affectionate instinct , the one among all the bishop ’ s various names that made the most sense to them , and so they called him monseigneur bienvenu—welcome .
we ’ ll do likewise whenever the occasion arises .
besides , the nickname tickled him .
i like that name , he said .
we are not saying that the portrait of the man we offer here is accurate ; we will restrict ourselves to the claim that it is a passing likeness .
though he may have converted his carriage into alms , that didn ’ t stop the bishop from doing his rounds .
to visit all of that is no mean feat .
but the bishop somehow managed .
he did it on foot locally , in a cart on the plains , and in a chair on a pack mule in the mountains .
the two old women went with him .
when the going was too tough for them , he went on his own .
one day he rode into senez , a town that was once an episcopal city,1 mounted on a donkey .
he had been bled dry at the time and couldn ’ t afford any other mode of transport .
the mayor of senez , who had come to greet him at the gate of the bishop ’ s palace , watched him get down from his donkey , completely scandalized .
a few good burghers stood around snickering .
monsieur le maire , said the bishop , and you dear gentlemen , i see i ’ ve shocked you .
you think it ’ s terribly arrogant of a poor priest to ride the same beast that jesus christ rode .
i only did so out of necessity , let me assure you , and not out of vanity .
on his rounds , he was giving and gentle and he didn ’ t preach so much as chat .
he never drummed up far-fetched arguments or examples .
to the inhabitants of one area , he cited the example of the inhabitants of a neighbouring area .
in cantons where those in need were dealt with harshly , he would say , look at the good folk of briançon .
they have given their poor and widows and orphans the right to mow their meadows three days before everyone else.2 when their houses are tumbling down , they rebuild them for free .
and so it is a place blessed by god .
for a whole hundred years , they have not had a single murderer .
at harvest time in villages where people were greedy for gain he would say , look at the good folk of embrun .
if a man with a family finds himself at harvest time with his sons in the army and his daughters working as domestics in town , and he ’ s sick and can ’ t work , the curé offers up prayers for him and on sunday , after mass , all the people in the village , men , women , and children , go into the poor man ’ s field and harvest his crop for him and they take the straw and grain and put it in his granary .
to families torn by money worries and inheritance wrangles he would say , look at the devolny mountains , a place so wild you ’ ll only hear the nightingale there once every fifty years .
well , when the father in a family dies , the boys go off to seek their fortunes and leave the girls the property , so they have a better chance of finding a husband .
in cantons where people had a taste for litigation and where farmers went broke over engraved stationery,3 he would say , look at the fine peasants of the valley of queyras .
there are three thousand souls there .
it ’ s like a small republic .
judges and bailiffs are unheard-of .
the mayor does everything .
he divvies up taxes , assessing each person fairly , mediates quarrels for free , distributes personal assets without charging any fees , hands down sentences without cost . and he is obeyed because he is a just man among simple men .
in villages that he found to be without a schoolteacher , he also cited the case of queyras . do you know what they do ?
since a tiny place of some twelve to fifteen households can ’ t always feed a teacher , they ’ ve got teachers who are paid by the whole valley , who whip around the villages , spending a week here , ten days there , teaching .
these teachers do the fairs—i ’ ve seen them .
you can recognize them by the quills they wear in their hatband .
the ones who only teach how to read wear one feather , those who teach reading and sums have two feathers , and those who teach reading , sums , and latin have three feathers .
what a shameful thing it is to be ignorant !
you should do what the folk of queyras do .
if he lacked examples , he made up parables that went straight to the point , with few pretty phrases and lots of images—and with the same eloquence as jesus christ himself , sincere and persuasive .
in conversation , he was affable and cheery .
he spoke at the same level as the two old ladies that spent their lives by his side ; when he laughed , it was the laugh of a schoolboy .
madame magloire liked to call him your highness .
one day , he got up out of his armchair and went to find a book .
the book happened to be on one of the top shelves and , as the bishop was fairly short , he couldn ’ t reach it .
madame magloire , he said , bring me a chair , will you .
my highness doesn ’ t extend to this shelf .
one of his distant relatives , madame la comtesse de lô , rarely let an opportunity slip to enumerate in his presence what she called the hopes of her three sons .
she had several very elderly relatives at death ’ s door of whom her sons were the natural heirs .
the youngest of the three was to collect from a great-aunt a tidy sum of a hundred thousand livres in bonds ; the middle son was to step into his uncle ’ s title as duc ; and the eldest was to succeed to a peerage held by his grandfather.1 the bishop would listen in silence to this innocent and forgivable maternal showing off .
once , though , he seemed more dreamy than usual as madame de lô was going over all these successions and hopes in lavish detail .
she stopped midsentence somewhat impatiently .
a penny for your thoughts ! i was thinking , said the bishop , about something strange that is , i think , in saint augustine.2 put your hope in him who has no successor .
another time he received the death notice of a gentleman of the district , which laid out , in one long page , not only the honours of the deceased but all the feudal ranks and titles of nobility of every one of his relations . what a broad back has death !
you can cheerily pile up any number of titles on it . and how cunningly people manage to feed their vanity via the tomb !
he occasionally went in for gentle raillery but there was almost always a serious message involved .
one year , during lent , a young vicar came to digne and preached eloquently enough in the cathedral .
the subject of his sermon was charity .
he called upon the rich to give to the poor and thereby avoid hell , which he painted in the most alarming colours imaginable , and to get to heaven , which he made out to be desirable and extremely pleasant .
in the audience there was a well-heeled retired merchant , a bit of a cheapskate , named monsieur géborand , who had made half a million manufacturing serge and other kinds of coarse woolen cloth , known as cadis and gasquets .
monsieur géborand had never in his life given alms to those less fortunate than himself .
but from the date of this sermon , everyone noticed that he gave a sou every sunday to the old beggar women who hung around the door of the cathedral .
there were six of them who had to share that sou .
one day , the bishop saw him performing his act of charity and said to his sister with a smile , i see monsieur géborand ’ s busy buying a sou ’ s worth of paradise .
when it came to charity , he did not allow himself to be put off , even by a knock-back ; in such a case , he would find words that gave pause for thought .
once he was collecting money for the poor in a salon in town . the marquis de champtercier happened to be there—a rich old skinflint who had found a way to be an ultra-royalist and an ultra-voltairean at once,3 though at the time he was not alone in such a feat .
the bishop came to him and put a hand on his arm . monsieur le marquis , you must give me something .
the marquis turned to him and said sharply , monseigneur , i have my own poor .
give them to me , came the bishop ’ s reply .
one day he gave the following sermon in the cathedral : dearly beloved brethren , my good friends , there are in france thirteen hundred and twenty thousand peasant ’ s homes that have only three openings ; eighteen hundred and seventeen homes that have only two openings , the door and one window ; and , lastly , three hundred and forty-six thousand cabins that have only one opening , the door .
this , thanks to something called the tax on doors and windows.4 you put poor families , old women , young children , in such abodes , and just watch the fevers and diseases !
god gives men air , the law sells it to them .
i do not blame the law , i praise god .
in the isère , in the var , in the two alpine regions , the upper alps and the lower alps , the peasants don ’ t even have wheelbarrows ; the men carry cow dung on their backs . they don ’ t have candles ; they burn twigs and rope soaked in pine resin .
it ’ s the same throughout the highlands of the dauphiné .
they make bread to last six months , they bake it with dried cow dung .
in winter they break the bread with the aid of an axe and soak it in water for twenty-four hours before they are able to eat it .
my brothers , have pity !
look at all the suffering around you .
a native of provence , he had easily picked up all the different dialects of the south .
he could say , eh bé !
moussou , sès sage ?
) , as they said in the lower languedoc , and onté , anaris passa ?
) , as they said in the lower alps , and puerte un bouen moutou embe un bouen froumage grase ( a good sheep gives a good fat cheese ) , as they said in the upper dauphiné .
people appreciated this and it was no small factor in giving him access to everyone ’ s innermost thoughts .
he made himself at home everywhere , whether in a humble cottage or in the mountains .
he had a knack for expressing great things in the most common idioms .
speaking all tongues , he entered all hearts and minds .
besides , he was the same to everybody , the high and mighty and the humble alike .
he was never quick to condemn and he always took into account the surrounding circumstances .
he would say , let ’ s see how this sin came to pass . being , as he laughingly described himself , an ex-sinner , he had nothing of the purist about him and boldly professed , without the mad frowning of the ferociously virtuous , a doctrine that may be summed up as follows : man is made of flesh and that flesh is both a burden and a temptation to him .
he drags it around with him and he yields to it .
he should keep a close eye on it , put the lid on it , repress it , and only give in to it at the last extremity .
there may still be some sin in giving in to it even then ; but such a sin is venial . it is a slip , but a slip onto one ’ s knees , which may well end in prayer .
to be a saint is the exception ; to be a just person is the rule .
err , stumble , commit sin , but be one of the just .
sin as little as possible—that is the law of mankind .
not to sin at all is the dream of the angel .
all earthly things are subject to sin .
sin is like gravity .
whenever he saw people indignant over something , rushing to get on their high horse , he would say , with a smile , tut !
the hypocrites are so shocked they can ’ t point their fingers and duck for cover fast enough .
he went easy on women and the poor , feeling that the weight of human society fell on them .
he would say , the sins of women and children , domestic servants and the weak , the poor and the ignorant , are the sins of the husbands and fathers , the masters , the strong and the rich and the educated .
he would also say , those who are ignorant should be taught all you can teach them ; society is to blame for not providing free public education ; and society will answer for the obscurity it produces .
if the soul is left in darkness , sin will be committed .
the guilty party is not he who has sinned but he who created the darkness in the first place .
as you can see , he had a strange , idiosyncratic way of looking at things . i suspect he got it from the gospel .
in someone ’ s drawing room one day he heard a tale about a criminal case that was about to go to court .
some miserable wretch , for love of a woman and the child he ’ d had with her , found himself at the end of his rope and had gone in for a bit of counterfeiting .
counterfeiting was still punishable by death in those days .
the woman had been arrested trying to pass the first false coin the man had made .
she was held in custody , but they had no proof against the man .
she was the only one who could point the finger at her lover and sink him by telling all .
she denied his guilt .
they put the pressure on , but still she denied his guilt .
at that point the public prosecutor5 had a bright idea .
he told her that her lover had been unfaithful and he managed to cobble together fragments of letters and so persuade the poor woman that she had a rival and that the man was betraying her behind her back .
she was immediately overcome by a fit of jealousy and swiftly denounced her lover , admitted everything , offered proof .
the man was lost .
he was shortly to be tried in aix along with his accomplice .
when the tale was told , everyone there was in raptures over the cunning of the prosecuting magistrate .
by bringing jealousy into play , he had provoked the woman ’ s rage and the truth had shot out of her ; he had brought about justice by sparking revenge .
the bishop listened to all this in silence .
when they were finished marvelling , he had a question . where are the man and woman to be tried ?
in the circuit court . and where is the public prosecutor to be tried ?
a tragic event occurred in digne . a man had been condemned to death for murder .
it was some poor unfortunate who was not quite literate , but not completely illiterate ; he had been a tumbler working the fairs as well as a public letter-writer .
the trial was the talk of the town .
the day before the date set for the condemned man ’ s execution , the prison chaplain got sick . a priest was needed to attend the prisoner in his last moments , so they went for the local curé .
apparently this curé refused , saying , that ’ s not my problem .
besides , i don ’ t want anything to do with that circus monkey . i ’ m sick , too . and anyway , it ’ s not my place .
when the bishop was told of this response he said , the reverend father is right . it ’ s not his place , it ’ s mine .
and with that , he sped off to the jail , rushed to the cell of the circus monkey , called him by his name , took his hand and talked to him .
he spent all day and all night with him , forgetting about food and sleep and praying to god for the soul of the condemned man , as well as praying to the condemned man for his own soul .
he spoke to him of the highest truths , which are the simplest ones .
he was a father , brother , friend ; and only acted as a bishop to bless him .
he taught him everything he could , reassuring him and consoling him as he did so .
this man had been about to die in despair .
death for him had been an abyss .
standing , trembling , on the ghastly brink , he had shrunk back in horror .
he was not ignorant enough to be completely unmoved .
his sentence had come as a terrible shock and had somehow , here and there , broken through the wall that inures us to the mystery of things and that we call life .
he couldn ’ t take his eyes off the fatal chinks in the wall and what lay on the other side and he could see only darkness .
the bishop made him see a light .
the next day , when they went to get the poor man , the bishop was there .
he went with him and showed himself to the crowd decked out in his purple cape and with his episcopal cross around his neck , at the side of this poor wretch whose hands were tied with rope .
he climbed into the cart with him , he mounted the scaffold with him .
the doomed man , so gloomy and horror-stricken the day before , was radiant .
he felt his soul reconciled and he trusted himself to god .
the bishop embraced him and , just as the blade was about to fall , he said to him , whomsoever man puts to death , god restores to life ; whomsoever his brothers chase away , finds the father .
pray , believe , enter into life ! god the father is there !
when he got down again from the scaffold , there was a look in his eye that made the crowd stand back .
they would have been hard-pressed to say which was the most impressive , his pallor or his serenity .
when he got back to his humble abode , which he fondly called his palace , he said to his sister , i ’ ve just been officiating pontifically .
as the most sublime things are often also the most misunderstood , there were those in town who said , commenting on the bishop ’ s conduct , talk about laying it on thick !
but that was parlour talk . ordinary people do not view saintly acts with malice and they melted with admiration .
as for the bishop , seeing the guillotine up close had been a shock , one from which he was a long time recovering .
the scaffold , when it is standing there , tall and straight , can , indeed , make you think you ’ re seeing things .
you may think you are indifferent to the death penalty,6 can ’ t say whether you are in favour of it or not—as long as you haven ’ t clapped eyes on a guillotine . when you come across one , the shock is brutal and forces you to take a stand , for or against .
some , like maistre , admire it ; others , like beccaria,7 abhor it .
the guillotine is the ultimate embodiment of the law ; its name is retribution . it is not neutral and doesn ’ t allow you to remain neutral , either .
whoever sees it quakes in their boots with the most mysterious of terrors .
every social issue hooks its question mark around this chopper .
the scaffold is not a framework , the scaffold is not a machine , the scaffold is not some inert mechanism made of wood , iron , and rope .
it is more like some sort of living being that has taken who knows what sombre initiative of its own . you ’ d think that the framework could see , that the machine could hear , that the mechanism could understand , that this wood , this iron , this rope , had a will of its own .
in the frightened reverie into which your soul is thrown by its presence , the scaffold appears terrifying and somehow actively involved in what it does .
it devours , it eats flesh , it drinks blood . the scaffold is a kind of monster manufactured by judge and carpenter together , a spectre that seems to have a kind of ghastly life of its own arising out of all the death it has dealt .
and so the impression was horrible and cut deep . the day after the execution and for many days following , the bishop seemed devastated .
the almost brutal serenity of the fatal moment had vanished ; but the phantom of social justice haunted him and would not leave him alone .
he , who usually came home beaming with satisfaction after performing his duties , now seemed to blame himself .
at times , he talked to himself , muttering gloomy monologues under his breath .
this is one that his sister overheard one night and wrote down : i had no idea it was so monstrous .
it is wrong to be so absorbed in divine law that you take no notice of human law .
death belongs only to god .
by what right do men tamper with a thing so unknowable ?
with time , his impressions faded and probably were erased altogether .
but it was remarked how the bishop from that point on avoided going near the square where executions took place .
monsieur myriel could be called to the bedside of the sick and dying at any time of the day or night .
he was well aware that this was his greatest duty and his greatest work .
widowed or orphaned families didn ’ t have to ask , he came of his own accord .
he knew exactly how to sit and keep quiet for hours at a stretch by the side of a man who had lost the woman he loved , the mother who had lost her child .
just as he knew when to keep quiet , he also knew when to say something .
such a wonderful comforter !
he did not seek to efface pain in forgetfulness , he sought to elevate it and to dignify it with hope .
he would say , be careful how you turn to the dead . don ’ t think of the rotting .
hold your gaze and you will see the living light of your dearly loved departed up above in heaven .
he knew how healthy believing is .
he sought to counsel and to calm the desperate by pointing to those who were resigned , and to transform the grief that gazes on the freshly dug grave by showing it the grief that gazes up at a star .
monsieur myriel ’ s inner life was brimming with the same thoughts as his public life .
if you could have seen it close up , the self-imposed poverty in which the bishop of digne lived would have been a grave and moving spectacle .
like all old men and like most thinkers , he slept little .
but his short sleep was deep .
in the morning , he reflected for an hour , then said mass , either in the cathedral or in his oratory .
once he ’ d said mass , he breakfasted on a bit of rye bread dunked in milk from his cows .
then he got down to work .
every day he must receive the secretary of the diocese , who is usually a canon , and almost every day his grand-vicars.1 he has congregations to oversee , privileges to bestow , a whole ecclesiastical book trade to look into , with the publication of missals and diocesan catechisms , books of hours and so on , pastoral letters to write , sermons to endorse , priests and mayors to make peace between , stacks of clerical and administrative correspondence , with the government on the one hand and with the holy see on the other . in short , a thousand matters to tackle .
the free time left to him by these thousand matters and by his church services and his breviary was given first to the needy , the sick , and the downtrodden ; the time left to him by the downtrodden , the sick , and the needy was given to toil .
sometimes he took a shovel to the garden , sometimes he did a bit of reading and writing .
he had one word only for these two different kinds of work : he called both gardening .
the mind is a garden , he would say .
at around two in the afternoon , when the weather was fine , he would go for a walk in the countryside or around town , often poking into the poorest hovels .
he could be seen ambling about , alone , his head in the clouds , his eye to the ground , leaning on his long cane , snug as a bug in his warm quilted purple overcoat , purple stockings,2 and great clodhopper shoes , his head capped by his flat tricorn hat with three golden spinach-seed tassels dangling off the corners .
wherever he appeared , there was a party .
you would have said that he brought warmth and light wherever he went .
children and old folk rushed to their front doors to see the bishop as they would run to look at the sun .
he blessed and was blessed in return .
anyone who needed anything was shown to his door .
here and there , he would stop and talk to the boys and girls and have a laugh with their mothers .
he visited the poor whenever he had money , and when he had none , he visited the rich .
as he made his cassocks last a very long time,3 but didn ’ t want anyone to know this , he never went to town without his padded purple overcoat .
this was a bit uncomfortable for him in summertime .
at eight-thirty at night , he dined with his sister , madame magloire in position behind them waiting on the table .
nothing could be more frugal than their evening meal .
though , if the bishop had one of his priests to dinner , madame magloire took advantage of the occasion to serve monseigneur some wonderful fish from the lake or some fine game from the mountains .
any curé was a good excuse for a good meal . the bishop went along with it .
but apart from this , his usual diet consisted of little more than boiled vegetables and soup made with olive oil .
and so , the saying went in town , when the bishop isn ’ t feeding a priest , he ’ s feeding a trappist.4
after dinner , he would chat for half an hour with mademoiselle baptistine and madame magloire before returning to his room and writing a bit more , sometimes on loose sheets of paper , sometimes in the margins of one of his folios .
he was well read and rather erudite .
he has left us five or six somewhat curious manuscripts , among others a dissertation on this passage in genesis:5 and the spirit of god moved upon the face of the waters .
he contrasts this with three other texts : the arabic version , which goes , the winds of god blew ; flavius josephus,6 who says , a wind from on high descended upon the earth ; and finally the chaldean paraphrase of rabbi onkelos , which goes , a wind from god blew upon the face of the waters .
in another dissertation , he examines the theological works of hugo , bishop of ptolemaïs7 and great-great-uncle of the hugo writing this book , and he demonstrates that sundry little tracts published in the last century under the pseudonym of barleycourt should be attributed to this bishop .
sometimes , while he was in the middle of reading , and no matter what book he happened to have in his hands , he would fall into the most profound meditation and emerge only to scribble a few lines over the pages of this same volume .
these lines often had no bearing on the book containing them .
we have before us a note written by him in the margin of a quarto volume entitled , correspondance du lord germain avec les généraux clinton , cornwallis et les amiraux de la station de l ’ amérique .
à versailles , chez poinçot , libraire , et à paris , chez pissot , libraire , quai des augustins .
here is the note : oh , thou who art !
ecclesiastes names you the almighty ; the maccabees name you the creator ; the epistle to the ephesians names you liberty ; baruch names you immensity ; the psalms name you wisdom and truth ; john names you light ; the book of kings names you lord ; exodus calls you providence ; leviticus , holiness ; esdras , justice ; creation names you god , mankind names you father ; but solomon names you mercy and of all your names , that is the most beautiful.8
at around nine o ’ clock at night , the two women retired and went upstairs to their rooms on the first floor , leaving him on his own on the ground floor until morning .
the house he lived in , as we ’ ve said , consisted of a downstairs and an upstairs : three rooms at street level , three bedrooms on the upper floor , and an attic above .
at the back of the house , a quarter-acre garden .
the two women occupied the upper storey . the bishop lived below .
the first room , which opened onto the street , served him as a dining room , the second , as a bedroom , and the third as an oratory .
there was no way out of this oratory except through the bedroom , and no way out of the bedroom except through the dining room .
in the oratory , at the back , there was an alcove , closed off by a screen , with a bed for the odd guest .
the bishop offered this bed to country curés brought to digne on business or to attend to the needs of their parish . the hospital pharmacy , a small building tacked onto the house and extending into the garden , had been turned into a kitchen and cellar .
there was also a stable in the garden , which had once been the hospital kitchen and where the bishop now kept a couple of cows .
whatever the quantity of milk they produced , he invariably sent half of it every morning to the sick in the hospital .
i ’ m just paying my dues , he would say .
his bedroom was fairly big and fairly hard to heat up in winter .
as wood is very dear in digne , he ’ d had the bright idea of dividing the cow stable with a partition made of wooden boards and that way creating a sealed compartment for himself .
and that was where he spent his evenings when it got really cold . he called it his winter salon .
like the dining room , the winter salon was very nearly bare , the only furniture being a square pine table and four straw-seated chairs .
the dining room had the additional enhancement of an old sideboard mottled pink with distemper .
the bishop had made the altar that decorated his oratory out of a similar sideboard , and suitably decked it out with white doilies and imitation lace .
his wealthy female penitents and the devout women of digne had chipped in to provide a fine new altar for the monseigneur ’ s oratory ; he had taken the money every time and given it to the poor .
the finest altar , he said , is the soul of some poor wretch who finds comfort and gives thanks to god .
there were two wicker prie-dieu chairs in the oratory , and an armchair also made of wicker in the bedroom .
when he happened to have seven or eight visitors at the same time , the prefect of police , or the general , or officers of the regiment stationed in the garrison , or some students from the little seminary , someone had to go and get the chairs from the winter salon in the stables , the prie-dieux in the oratory , and the armchair in the bedroom ; that way , he managed to collect up to eleven seats for his visitors .
at each new visit , a room was laid bare .
sometimes there were twelve , and the bishop would cover up the embarrassment of the situation by remaining standing in front of the fireplace if it was winter , or proposing a turn in the garden if it was summer .
there was an extra chair in the enclosed alcove , but half the straw seating was missing and it only had three legs to stand on , so that it could only be used propped up against a wall .
mademoiselle baptistine also had a huge bergère1 in her room made of wood that had once been gilt and covered in a soft floral pekin silk , but this bergère had had to be winched up to her room upstairs through the window , as the stairway was too narrow , and so it could not be counted among the movable furniture .
mademoiselle baptistine ’ s ambition was to be able to buy a lounge made of carved mahogany in a swan ’ s-neck design and with cushions covered in yellow rose-print utrecht velvet .
but this would have set her back at least five hundred francs and since she ’ d only managed to save forty-two francs and ten sous2 for this object in five years , she ’ d finally given up the idea .
well , anyway , who ever manages to attain their ideal ?
you couldn ’ t imagine anything simpler than the bishop ’ s bedroom .
french doors opening onto the garden and facing them , an iron hospital bed with a green serge canopy ; on the other side of the bed , behind a curtain , toiletries that still betrayed the old habits of an elegant man of the world ; two doors , one close to the fireplace , opening into the oratory , the other , close to the bookcase , opening into the dining room ; the bookcase , a big cabinet with glass doors full of books ; the fireplace , its wooden surround painted to look like marble , usually without a fire ; in the fireplace , a pair of wrought-iron firedogs decorated with two vases garlanded with flowers , the fluting once plated in silver , which was something of an episcopal luxury ; above , where the mirror would normally go , a copper crucifix that had lost its silver paint was attached to a threadbare piece of black velvet in a wooden frame that had lost its gilt .
next to the french doors , a great big table with an inkstand , piled high with papers all in a heap and enormous tomes . in front of the table , the wicker armchair ; in front of the bed , a prie-dieu borrowed from the oratory .
two portraits in oval frames hung on the wall on either side of the bed .
small gilt inscriptions on the plain canvas mount around the faces indicated that the portraits represented the abbé of chaliot , bishop of saint-claude , and the abbé de tourteau , vicar-general of agde , abbé of grand-champ , order of cîteaux,3 diocese of chartres .
when he took the room over from the hospital patients , the bishop had found these portraits and he had left them where they were .
they were priests , probably donors—two good reasons to respect them .
all he knew about these two characters was that they had been appointed by the king,4 one to his bishopric , the other to his living , on the same day , which happened to be april 27 , 1785. when madame magloire took down the paintings to shake the dust off , the bishop had found this detail written in faded ink on a little square of paper yellow with age , stuck behind the portrait of the abbé of grand-champ with four sealing wafers .
at his window hung an ancient curtain made of coarse woolen material that got so old in the end that , to save buying a new one , madame magloire was forced to sew a great big patch smack in the middle .
this patch was in the shape of a cross .
the bishop often called attention to it .
doesn ’ t that do you the world of good ! every room in the house , upstairs and down , without exception , was whitewashed with slaked lime , just like army barracks or hospitals .
and yet , in later years , as we shall see further on , madame magloire found decorative paintings on the walls of mademoiselle baptistine ’ s chamber underneath the distempered wallpaper .
before becoming a hospital , the house had been an assembly hall where well-heeled burghers gathered together , and it had been decorated accordingly .
the bedrooms were tiled in red bricks , which were washed once a week , with woven straw mats at the foot of the beds .
for the rest , the place , being kept by two women , was always in a state of exquisite cleanliness from top to bottom .
this was the sole luxury the bishop allowed .
but we must confess that he still hung on to a few things left over from all he once possessed ; these were a set of six silver knives and forks and a big soup ladle that madame magloire loved to see sparkling gorgeously every day against the coarse white linen tablecloth .
and since we ’ re painting the bishop of digne here in his true colours , warts and all , we must add that he was heard to say more than once , it would be very hard for me to give up eating with silver .
we should add to the list of silverware , two big solid silver candlesticks that had come down to him as part of his inheritance from a great-aunt .
these two candlesticks held two wax candles5 and they sat as a rule on the bishop ’ s mantelpiece .
whenever he had anyone to dinner , madame magloire would light the two candles and put the two candlesticks on the table .
in the bishop ’ s bedroom , of all places , at the head of his bed , there was a small cupboard in which madame magloire would lock up the silver cutlery and the soup ladle every night .
though we have to say that no one ever took the key out of the door .
the garden , which was somewhat spoiled by the rather ugly buildings we mentioned earlier , was laid out with four paths forming a cross centred around a drainage well .
a separate path ran around the outer edge of the garden and along the white wall that enclosed it .
within the paths were four squares bordered with shrubs .
in three of them , madame magloire grew vegetables ; in the fourth , the bishop had planted flowers . there were a few fruit trees dotted around to boot .
once madame magloire had said to him with a kind of gentle malice , monseigneur , you are always so keen to put everything to good use , yet there ’ s a useless garden bed for you !
madame magloire , the bishop replied , you are mistaken .
the beautiful is just as useful as the useful .
after a pause , he added , perhaps more so .
this square with its three or four beds kept the bishop nearly as busy as his books did .
he would happily while away an hour or two pottering around pruning , weeding , and digging holes here and there to sow seeds .
he was not as hostile to insects as a regular gardener would have liked .
besides , he had no pretentions to botany ; he knew nothing at all about genera or other theories of classification such as solidism ; he didn ’ t give the difference between tournefort and the natural method a moment ’ s thought ; he didn ’ t take sides either way in contests involving the utricles versus the cotyledons or jussieu versus linnaeus.6 he did not study plants , he loved flowers .
he had a lot of respect for the learned , but even more respect for the ignorant , and , without ever falling short in either respect , he watered his beds every evening in summer with a tin watering can painted green .
the house did not have one single door that locked .
the door of the dining room , which , as we have seen , opened straight onto the square in front of the cathedral , was once as loaded with locks and bolts as the door of a prison .
the bishop had had all the locks and bolts removed and now , night and day , this door was closed only by a latch .
anyone passing by , whatever the hour , had merely to push it open .
in the early days , the two women had been particularly tormented by this door that was never really shut , but the monseigneur of digne had said to them , get locks put on your bedroom doors if you like .
they had wound up sharing his confidence or , at least , acting as though they did .
madame magloire alone had the odd fright .
but as far as the bishop himself went , you can find his thoughts explained , or at least noted , in these three lines written by him in the margin of a copy of the bible : here ’ s the difference : a doctor ’ s door should never be closed , a priest ’ s door should always be open .
in another book , entitled philosophie de la science médicale , he ’ d written this other note : am i not a doctor just as they are ?
i , too , have my patients ; to start with , i have theirs , whom they call the unwell ; and then , i have my own , whom i call the unfortunate .
elsewhere he had written : do not ask the name of the person who asks you for a bed for the night .
he whose name is a burden to him needs shelter more than anyone .
it happened that a worthy curé , i don ’ t remember if it was the curé from couloubroux or the one from pompierry , took it upon himself one day to ask him , probably at madame magloire ’ s instigation , if monseigneur was quite sure he wasn ’ t being a little foolhardy in leaving his door open , day and night , at the disposal of whoever felt like coming in , and if he didn ’ t , at the end of the day , worry that something bad would finally occur in a house so unguarded .
the bishop put his hand on the man ’ s shoulder with gentle gravity and said to him , nisi dominus custodierit domum , in vanum vigilant qui custodiunt eam,7 from the psalms : except the lord keep the house , the watchman waketh but in vain .
then he changed the subject .
he liked to say , there is such a thing as priestly courage just as there is the courage of the colonel of the dragoons . only , he would add , ours should be quiet .
this is the place for a fact that we must not leave out , for it is one of those that bring out most clearly what kind of man monseigneur , the bishop of digne , really was .
after the disbanding of gaspard bès ’ s gang of crooks,1 which had overrun the gorges of ollioules , one of its lieutenants , a man named cravatte , decided to seek refuge in the mountains .
he hid for a while with his fellow bandits , the remnants of gaspard bès ’ s troop , in the county of nice before cutting across to piedmont.2 then he suddenly popped up again in france , down barcelonnette way .
he was spotted in jauziers first , then in tuiles .
he holed up in the caves of joug-de-l ’ aigle3 and from there he made raids on local hamlets and villages via the ravines of ubaye and ubayette .
he even pushed as far as embrun , broke into the cathedral there one night and emptied out the sacristy .
his looting devastated the countryside .
the police were set on him but in vain .
he always got away , sometimes resisting with violence .
he was a brazen bastard .
the bishop turned up in the middle of this campaign of terror , doing his usual rounds .
at chastelar , the mayor came to fetch him and urged him to turn back .
it would be dangerous to venture farther even with an escort . it would mean risking the lives of three or four poor gendarmes for no purpose .
and so , said the bishop , i intend to proceed without an escort .
you can ’ t be serious !
cried the mayor .
i am so serious that i absolutely will not accept your gendarmes and i will be off in an hour .
you can ’ t do that .
in the mountains , the bishop resumed , there is a humble little community , tiny , minuscule , that i haven ’ t seen for three years .
they ’ re good friends of mine , gentle , honest mountain people—shepherds .
they own only one in thirty of the goats they look after .
they make extremely pretty wool yarn in different colours and they play mountain ditties on little six-holed flutes .
they need someone to talk to them about the good lord from time to time .
what would they think of a bishop who was frightened off ?
what would they think if i didn ’ t go there ?
but , monseigneur , what about the bandits ?
don ’ t worry , said the bishop , i haven ’ t forgotten about them .
you ’ re right .
i could run into them .
they , too , surely need someone to tell them about the good lord .
it ’ s a gang !
they ’ re a pack of wolves !
my dear mayor , perhaps it ’ s precisely this flock that jesus has made me pastor of .
who can tell the mysterious ways of providence ?
monseigneur , they will take everything you ’ ve got .
i have nothing .
they ’ ll kill you .
a little old priest like me , getting along mumbling poppycock ?
why would they bother ?
god love us !
just imagine if you run into them !
i ’ ll ask them for money for my poor .
monseigneur , don ’ t go , for christ ’ s sake !
you ’ re taking your life in your hands .
my dear mayor , said the bishop , isn ’ t that just the point ?
i ’ m not in this world to take care of my life . i ’ m here to take care of souls .
there was nothing anyone could do to stop him .
he set off , accompanied only by a boy who offered to act as his guide .
his pigheadedness created quite a stir throughout the district and terrified the locals .
he did not want to take either his sister or madame magloire along and so he left them behind .
he crossed the mountains by mule , met no one , arrived safe and sound in the bosom of his good friends the shepherds .
he stayed there a fortnight , delivering sermons , administering rites , teaching , preaching .
when the time drew near for him to leave , he resolved to sing a te deum4 with all the pomp of a pontificate and he spoke to the curé about it .
but what were they to do ?
there were no episcopal props .
all that could be placed at his disposal was a paltry village sacristy with a few old chasubles of worn-out damask dolled up with imitation braid .
said the bishop .
my dear father , we ’ ll go ahead and announce our te deum during the sermon .
things will work out somehow .
all the neighbouring churches were scoured .
but the assembled glories of all these humble parishes put together were not enough to suitably deck out a single cathedral chorister .
while they were in this predicament , a great chest was brought in and deposited in the presbytery for monseigneur the bishop by two unknown horsemen who promptly turned their mounts and charged off .
when the chest was opened it was found to contain a cope of gold cloth , a mitre studded with diamonds , an archbishop ’ s cross , and a magnificent crosier , all the pontifical raiment stolen the previous month from the treasure of our lady of embrun.5 in the chest , there was also a scrap of paper on which were written these words : cravatte to monseigneur bienvenu .
i told you things would work out !
said the bishop .
and he added , with a smile , to him who contents himself with a priest ’ s surplice , god shall send an archbishop ’ s cope .
monseigneur , muttered the curé , shaking his head with a smile , god—or the devil !
the bishop looked the curé in the eye and replied with authority , god !
when he set out again for chastelar , the people came out and lined the roadside to gawk at him out of curiosity .
at the presbytery in chastelar , he found mademoiselle baptistine and madame magloire waiting for him and he said to his sister :
well , was i right or wasn ’ t i ?
the poor priest goes to those poor mountain folk with his hands empty and he comes back with his hands full .
i set out with only my trust in god , and i bring back the treasure of a cathedral .
that night , before going to bed , he went on to say , never be afraid of thieves and murderers .
they represent the dangers without , which are not worth worrying about .
be afraid of ourselves .
prejudices are the real thieves , vices are the murderers .
the greatest dangers are within us .
who cares who threatens our heads or our purses !
let ’ s think only of what threatens our souls .
then he turned to his sister and said , my dear sister , a priest must never take precautions against his fellow man .
what your fellow man does , god permits .
let ’ s confine ourselves to praying to god when we feel danger approaching us .
pray to him , not for ourselves , but so our brother does not fall into sin on our account .
other than this , nothing much ever happened to him .
we can only relate what we ’ ve heard , but generally he spent his life doing the same thing at the same time every day .
a month of his year was like an hour of his day .
as for what became of the treasure of embrun cathedral , it would embarrass us to be questioned on that score .
there certainly were some lovely items , most tempting and well worth stealing on behalf of those less fortunate .
and anyway , they were already stolen . half the job had already been done ; it only remained to steer the treasures in another direction and help them along their journey into the hands of the poor .
we are not saying this is what happened , of course .
only that among the bishop ’ s papers a rather obscure note was found which may have some bearing on this affair and which reads as follows : the issue is whether it should be returned to the cathedral or go to the hospital .
the senator mentioned earlier was a smart man who had made his way in life with a single-mindedness oblivious to any of those stumbling blocks known as conscience , sworn oaths , justice , duty ; he had gone straight for his goal without ever deviating from the path of self-interest and his own advancement .
he had once been a prosecutor , but had gone soft with success ; there was not a nasty bone in his body , and he was happy to do whatever he could for his sons , his sons-in-law , his relatives , even his friends , having sensibly opted for the best that life had to offer , the best opportunities , the best deals .
he was witty and just literate enough to consider himself a disciple of epicurus1 while being , perhaps , nothing more than a product of pigault-lebrun.2 he laughed easily , and infectiously , at anything to do with infinity and eternal life and the twaddle of the dear old bishop .
he even laughed at times , with an amiable authority , in monseigneur myriel ’ s face , though the latter , of course , never seemed to take offence .
at some semi-official ceremony or other—i can ’ t remember what—the comte —— ( this senator ) and monseigneur myriel were lined up to dine with the prefect at home .
during dessert , the senator , who was a bit tipsy by then , although still dignified , suddenly launched himself .
it ’ s hard for a senator and a bishop to look each other in the eye without a wink and a nudge .
we are both oracles .
i have a confession to make to you .
i have my own philosophy .
and you ’ re right to do so , replied the bishop .
as you make your philosophical bed , so shall you lie in it .
you lie on a bed of purple , my dear senator .
the senator , encouraged , took up the challenge : come on , let ’ s be good chaps .
good devils , if you like , the bishop cut in .
i tell you , the senator began again , that the marquis d ’ argen , pyrrhon , hobbes , and monsieur naigeon3 are no slouches .
i have all my philosophers in my book collection—and gilt-edged , to boot .
like you yourself , my dear comte , the bishop cut in .
the senator plowed on regardless : i detest diderot.4 he ’ s an ideologue , a raving lunatic , and a revolutionary , and underneath it all he believes in god and is even more of a bigot than voltaire.5 voltaire had the nerve to make fun of needham,6 but he was wrong , for needham ’ s eels prove that god is pointless .
a drop of vinegar in a spoonful of dough replaces the fiat lux.7 suppose the drop is fatter and the spoonful bigger and what have you got ?
man is the eel .
so what ’ s the point of the eternal father ?
my dear bishop , the jehovah hypothesis bores me rigid .
all it ’ s good for is producing featherbrained weaklings .
down with the great all , who gives me the willies !
long live zero , which leaves me in peace !
just between you and me , while we ’ re at it , i ’ ll make my confession to my confessor as is only right and admit i have common sense .
i ’ m not mad about your jesus preaching renunciation and sacrifice at the drop of a hat .
advice of a miser to beggars .
i don ’ t see a wolf setting itself on fire to make some other wolf happy .
so let ’ s stick to nature .
we are at the pinnacle , so let ’ s have a higher philosophy .
what ’ s the good of being on top if you can ’ t see past the next man ’ s nose ?
let ’ s live and be merry .
life is all there is .
the notion that man has another life , elsewhere , up above , down below , somewhere—i don ’ t believe a single blasted word of it .
ah , they tell me to go in for sacrifice and renunciation , that i should watch my every step carefully ; i ’ m supposed to give myself migraines worrying about good and evil , the just and the unjust , the fas and the nefas.8 why ?
because i ’ ll have to account for my actions , apparently .
what idle fancy !
when i ’ m dead , it ’ ll take a smart man to collar me .
you try and get a ghost ’ s hand to grab a handful of ashes .
let ’ s be honest , we who are in the know , who ’ ve looked up isis ’ s skirt : there is neither good nor evil , there is only growth .
let ’ s go for what is real .
let ’ s get to the bottom of things , for god ’ s sake !
you need to sniff out the truth , scratch around in the dirt and grab it .
when you do , it gives you untold joy .
and you become strong and you laugh .
me , i call a spade a spade .
my dear bishop , the immortality of man is a fabulous fairy tale .
what a winner adam ’ s on !
one is a spirit , one will be an angel , one will sprout blue wings from one ’ s back .
help me out here , is it not tertullian9 who says that the blessed will go from star to star ?
we ’ ll be grasshoppers to the stars .
and we will then see god .
what utter piffle , all this stuff about paradise !
talk about chasing rainbows .
god is a monstrous bit of balderdash .
i wouldn ’ t say that in the moniteur10—christ , no !
but i can whisper it among friends .
inter pocula.11 to give up the world for heaven means chasing rainbows .
being hoodwinked by infinity !
i ’ m not that big an idiot !
i am nothing .
i call myself monsieur le comte nothing , senator .
what am i ?
a bit of dust embodied by an organism .
what am i supposed to be doing on this earth ?
to suffer or to enjoy myself .
where will suffering get me ?
but i will have suffered .
where will enjoying myself get me ?
but i will have enjoyed myself .
i ’ ve made my choice .
it ’ s eat or be eaten .
better to be the scythe than the blade of grass .
in the end , come what may , the gravedigger is waiting , the panthéon12 for some of us , but we all end up in that big hole in the ground .
that is the point of no return .
death is dead , believe me .
the idea that there is someone there with something to tell me—i laugh just thinking about it .
a bogeyman for little kiddies , jehovah for grown-ups .
no , our tomorrow is darkness .
beyond the grave all that ’ s left is equal nothings .
whether you ’ re sardanapalus or vincent de paul,13 it comes to the same old niente.14 that ’ s the real situation , if you want to know .
so live it up .
make use of your self while you ’ ve got a self to use .
truly , my dear bishop , i tell you , i have my philosophy and i have my philosophers .
i don ’ t let myself be hoodwinked by make-believe .
but having said that , it is of course essential that the little people , the barefoot tramps , the small-timers , all those poor bastards , be given a few fables to swallow , chimeras , the soul , immortality , heaven , the stars .
they eat that up .
they butter their dry bread with it .
even if you have nothing else , you have the good lord .
better than nothing .
i don ’ t have a problem with that but i keep monsieur naigeon for myself .
the good lord is good only for the people .
the bishop clapped his hands .
this materialism of yours is a splendid thing , really , marvellous !
pity those who can ’ t bring it off .
ah , because when you can , you ’ re nobody ’ s fool anymore . you ’ re not about to let yourself be stupidly exiled , like cato , or stoned to death like stephen , or burned alive like joan of arc.15 those who have managed to avail themselves of this admirable materialism have the joy of feeling totally irresponsible and of imagining they can devour everything without a worry—positions , sinecures , honours , power rightly or wrongly come by , lucrative recantations , handy betrayals , juicy little capitulations of conscience—and they ’ ll go to their grave , having digested the lot .
how sweet it is !
i ’ m not attacking you , of course , my dear senator .
but i just can ’ t stop myself from congratulating you .
you great lords have , as you say , a philosophy that is all your own and that is as exquisite and refined as you like , accessible only to the rich , fit for every occasion , wonderfully adding spice to the sensual pleasures of life .
this philosophy has been dragged from the depths and unearthed by specialists in the field .
but you are good princes and you don ’ t mind if the masses have their belief in god as a philosophy—a bit the way you don ’ t mind them eating goose with chestnuts : the poor man ’ s turkey with truffles . the brother as the sister tells it
to give you an idea of the domestic life of monseigneur , the bishop of digne , and the way in which those two saintly women subordinated their actions , thoughts , and even their instincts as women easily frightened , to the habits and designs of the bishop , without his even needing to go to the trouble of putting anything into words , we can not do better than to set down here a letter of mademoiselle baptistine to madame la vicomtesse de boischevron , her childhood friend .
this letter is in our possession .
digne , december 16 , 18—
my dear madame , not a day goes by without our talking about you .
it is something of a habit we ’ ve fallen into . but there is another reason .
now our two bedrooms , which used to be covered with old wallpaper whitewashed with lime , would not be out of place in a château as fine as your own .
madame magloire ripped all the paper off .
there were things underneath .
my sitting room , which has no furniture in it and which we only use as a drying room on wash days , is fifteen feet high and eighteen feet wide , with a ceiling that was once gilded , and beams the same as at your place .
it was covered in material from when it was a hospital .
and on top of that , there was wainscoting from our grandmothers ’ day .
but it is my bedoom you should see .
under at least ten layers of paper that were stuck all over it , madame magloire uncovered paintings , not good , but not bad , either .
there is telemachus received as a knight by minerva1 in one , another one of him in the gardens of … the name escapes me .
well , anyway , the place where roman ladies used to go for just one night .
what can i tell you ?
i have romans , men and women [ here the word is illegible ] —the whole retinue .
madame magloire has cleaned them all up and this summer she ’ s going to fix up a bit of damage here and there , revarnish the lot and the room will be a real little museum .
she also found in a corner of the attic two wooden console tables , antique style .
they were asking two écus six livres to regild them , but it would be better to give the money to the poor . anyway , they are as ugly as can be , and i ’ d prefer a round table in mahogany .
i ’ m as happy as ever .
my brother is so good .
he gives everything he has to the sick and needy .
we are feeling the pinch .
the winters here are bitterly cold and of course we have to try and do something for those in need .
we manage to stay warm and have light , though .
you see how well off we are .
my brother has his little ways .
when he mentions them , he says that ’ s just how a bishop should be .
just imagine—the front door of the house is never locked .
anyone can just walk in off the street and make themselves right at home in the middle of his room .
he ’ s not afraid of anything , even at night .
that ’ s his form of courage , as he says .
he doesn ’ t want me to be frightened for him or for madame magloire to be frightened .
he exposes himself to every danger and he doesn ’ t want us to even look as though we notice .
you ’ ve got to know him to know what he ’ s about .
he goes out in the rain , he walks in the water , he travels in winter .
he is not afraid of the dark or of dangerous roads or of running into someone .
last year , he went all on his own into territory full of thieves .
he wouldn ’ t hear of taking us along .
he stayed away for a fortnight .
when he came back , nothing had happened to him , we thought he was dead and he was in great spirits , and he said : you see how they robbed me !
and he opened up a chest full of all the jewels from embrun cathedral which the thieves had given him .
that last time i ’ d gone with some friends of his to meet him at a spot a couple of miles away , and as we were returning home , i couldn ’ t help but scold him a little , being careful only to talk when the carriage was making a racket , so no one else could hear .
in the old days , i used to say to myself : there is no danger that can stop him , he ’ s terrible .
now i ’ ve ended up getting used to it .
i motion to madame magloire not to go against him .
let him take whatever risks he will .
i cart madame magloire away , go to my room and i pray for him and i fall asleep .
i ’ m perfectly calm , because i know full well that if anything happened to him , it would be the end of me .
i ’ d go to the good lord with my brother and my bishop .
it ’ s been a lot harder for madame magloire to come to terms with what she calls his recklessness .
but now we have our routine .
we both pray , we are both frightened together , and we fall asleep .
if the devil came into the house , we ’ d let him do his worst .
after all , what can we be frightened of in this house ?
there is always someone with us who is the strongest .
the devil might pass through , but the good lord lives here .
that is it .
my brother doesn ’ t even have to say a word to me now .
i understand him without his needing to speak and we put ourselves in the hands of providence .
and that is how one should be with a man with his greatness of spirit .
i asked my brother for the information you requested concerning the faux family .
you know how he knows everything and how good his memory is , for he is still a good royalist .
they are really and truly a very old norman family from the caen region .
they go back five hundred years to a raoul de faux , a jean de faux , and a thomas de faux , who were all noblemen , one of them being a seigneur de rochefort .
the last was guy-étienne-alexandre and he was a colonel and something or other in the light horse of brittany .
his daughter , marie-louise , married adrien-charles de gramont , son of the duc louis de gramont , a peer of france , colonel in the gardes françaises and lieutenant general in the army .
it is spelled faux , fauq , and faoucq .
my dear madame , commend us to the prayers of your holy relative , the cardinal , won ’ t you ?
as for your dear sylvie , she was right not to spend the brief moments she had at home with you in writing to me .
she is well , works as you would like her to , and still loves me .
that is all i could wish for .
her regards reached me through you and i am very happy to have them .
my health is not too bad , though i get thinner by the day .
goodbye for now , i ’ m running out of paper so i must leave you here , very best wishes ,
your sister-in-law is still here with her young family .
your grandnephew is a delight .
did you know he will be five soon ?
yesterday he saw a horse going past ; someone had put knee pads on it and he said : what ’ s he got on his knees ?
he is so sweet , that boy !
his little brother drags an old broom around the apartment like a carrriage and says : giddyup !
as you can see from this letter , the two women managed to adapt themselves to the bishop ’ s way of life with that special genius of women who know a man better than he knows himself .
the bishop of digne , beneath that soft candid air that never failed him , sometimes committed acts of greatness , daring , even magnificent acts , without appearing remotely conscious of it .
they would tremble , but they let him get on with it .
sometimes madame magloire tried to remonstrate with him before ; never during or after .
they never disturbed him , not even by a sign , once he had begun any course of action .
at certain times , without his needing to say a word , when he himself , perhaps , was not aware of it , so perfect was his artlessness , they felt vaguely that he was acting the bishop ; then they were nothing more than two shadows moving about the house .
they would serve him quietly , and if compliance meant making themselves scarce , they disappeared .
they knew , by a wonderfully subtle instinct , that certain kinds of concern can get in the way .
so even when they thought he was in danger , they knew , i won ’ t say what he was thinking , but what he was like , to the point where they no longer watched over him .
they entrusted him to god .
besides , baptistine used to say , as you have just read , that her brother ’ s death would be her own .
madame magloire didn ’ t say so , but she knew it .
x. the bishop before an unknown light not long after the date of the letter quoted above , the bishop did something , if the entire village is to be believed , even more risky than the trip through the mountains held by the bandits .
in the countryside near digne , there was a man who lived alone .
this man had once been , not to mince words , a member of the national convention.1 his name was g —— .
in the small world of digne , g—— the conventionist was spoken of in the hushed tones of horror .
he went back to the days when people addressed each other familiarly as tu and used the word citizen .
this man was more or less a monster .
he had not exactly voted for the death of the king , but as good as .
which made him a semi-regicide.2 he had been terrible .
why , when the legitimate princes returned to power , was this man not put on trial in a provost court without appeal ?
they might not have cut his head off , if you like , since clemency is , of course , necessary ; but a good banishment for life would have done the trick .
set an example , for heaven ’ s sake !
the man was an atheist , into the bargain , like all his kind .
it was like geese cackling around a vulture .
but was this g—— really a vulture ?
yes , if you were to judge him by the fierceness of his isolation .
not having voted for the king ’ s death , he had not been included in the decrees of exile and so had been able to remain in france .
he lived three quarters of an hour outside town , far from any hamlet , far from any road , in a godforsaken hole of a place in an extremely wild valley .
he had a sort of field there , they said , and a bolt-hole , a hideout .
no neighbours , no one even passing through .
since he ’ d been living in the valley , the path to it had disappeared under grass .
people spoke of the place as the house of the hangman . yet from time to time the bishop gazed at the horizon where a clump of trees marked the valley of the old conventionist and he would say , there is a soul there who is all alone .
and in the back of his mind , he would add , i owe him a visit .
but , to be frank , this idea , at first so natural , seemed to him , after a moment ’ s reflection , weird and impossible , almost repulsive .
for at heart he shared the general view and the conventionist inspired in him , without his being fully aware of it , that feeling which verges on hate and that is so aptly expressed by the word aversion .
yet , should the sheep ’ s mange cause the shepherd to recoil ?
but what a sheep !
the good bishop was torn .
sometimes he would head off that way , but then he would turn around and come back .
one day the word went out around town that a kind of shepherd boy who looked after g—— the conventionist in his pigsty had come to find a doctor ; that the old geezer was dying , that he was half-paralysed , and that he wouldn ’ t last the night . some chimed in .
the bishop grabbed his stick , put his overcoat on to hide his cassock , which was getting too threadbare , as we ’ ve seen , and also because the evening breeze would not be long in rising , and left .
the sun was low in the sky , almost touching the horizon , when the bishop reached the unholy spot .
he knew by the way his heart pounded that he was nearing the lair .
he leaped over a ditch , jumped over a hedge , lifted a gate , stepped into a tiny overgrown yard , rather boldly struck out across it and there , suddenly , at the end of an empty plot , behind a tall clump of bushes , he saw the cavern .
it was a very low-roofed hut , dilapidated , small and neat , with a climbing vine tacked onto the outside .
by the door , in an old wheelchair , the armchair of a peasant , was a man with white hair smiling at the sun .
next to the old man sitting in the wheelchair stood a young boy , the little shepherd .
he was handing the old man a bowl of milk .
while the bishop looked on , the old man spoke up . thank you , he said , i don ’ t need anything more .
and his smile switched from the sun to the boy .
the bishop came forward .
at the sound of his footsteps , the old man turned his head and his face expressed all the surprise a person could muster at the end of a long life .
in all the years i ’ ve lived here , he said , this is the first time anyone has been to my home .
who are you , monsieur ?
the bishop answered : i call myself bienvenu myriel .
i ’ ve heard that name .
are you the one the people call monseigneur bienvenu ?
the old man continued with a tiny smile : in that case , you are my bishop ?
come in , monsieur .
the conventionist held out his hand to the bishop but the bishop did not take it .
the bishop did no more than comment : i ’ m happy to see that i ’ ve been misinformed .
you certainly don ’ t look sick to me . monsieur , the old man replied , i ’ ll get over it .
he paused and then added : i ’ ll be dead in three hours .
and then he went on : i ’ m a bit of a doctor ; i know what happens in the final hour .
yesterday , only my feet were cold . today , the cold has reached my knees ; right now i can feel it climbing up to my stomach . when it gets as far as the heart , i will cease to be .
the sun is beautiful , isn ’ t it ?
i had myself wheeled outside so i could cast my eyes over everything one last time .
you can talk to me , it doesn ’ t wear me out .
you ’ ve done the right thing , coming to see a man who is about to die .
it ’ s good that such a moment has witnesses . we all have our quirks ; i would have liked to have got as far as dawn .
it will be night .
at the end of the day , it hardly matters .
giving up the ghost is a simple business .
you don ’ t need the morning for that .
so be it .
i ’ ll die by starlight .
you stayed up the other night . you ’ re tired .
the boy went back inside the hut .
the old man watched him go and then added , as though talking to himself : i ’ ll die while he ’ s sleeping .
we can keep each other company in sleep .
the bishop was not as moved as perhaps he might have been .
he didn ’ t feel he could sense god in this way of dying . to spell it out , for the little contradictions of great souls clamour for recognition like all the rest : the man who laughed so heartily at your highness was a bit shocked not to be addressed as monseigneur and he was almost tempted to lob a citizen in reply .
he felt an impulse to use the gruff familiarity common enough with doctors and priests , which was not at all his usual bedside manner .
this man , after all , this conventionist , this representative of the people , had been one of the masters of the universe ; for perhaps the first time in his life , the bishop felt an urge to be harsh .
the conventionist , on the other hand , gazed at him with a humble congeniality in which one might have discerned , perhaps , the humility that is appropriate when a person is so close to returning to dust .
the bishop , for his part , though normally careful not to show curiosity , curiosity being as far as he was concerned very nearly a crime , could not prevent himself from scrutinizing the conventionist with an attention that , not having its source in sympathy , would have gone completely against his conscience if the man in question had been any other man .
this conventionist affected the bishop as an outlaw might , beyond the reach even of the law of charity .
calm , practically straight-backed , voice vibrant , g—— was one of those great octogenarians that dumbfound physiologists .
the revolution produced plenty of men like him , equal to the era .
you could see just by looking that the old man had been through the mill and been strengthened by it .
even now , so close to his end , he had preserved all the energy of health .
there was something in his bright eyes , in his firm tone , in the robustness of his shoulders , that was enough to throw death off the scent .
azrael , the mohammedan angel of the sepulchre,3 would have turned on his heels , feeling he ’ d come to the wrong door .
g—— seemed to be dying only because that is what he wanted to do .
his agony smacked of freedom .
his legs alone were immobile .
the dark had him by the lower limbs .
his feet were already dead and cold but his head was alive with all life ’ s potency and seemed powerfully illuminated .
at this solemn moment , g—— was like the king in the oriental tale , flesh above , marble below .
there was a stone nearby .
the bishop sat down on it .
he delivered his exordium ex abrupto .
i must congratulate you , he said in a tone of reprimand .
at least you didn ’ t vote for the death of the king .
the conventionist appeared not to hear the bitter innuendo implied in those words : at least , he had no trace of a smile on his face when he answered .
go easy with the congratulations , monsieur , i voted for the end of the tyrant .
this was said in a tone of austerity to match the tone of severity .
what do you mean ?
asked the bishop .
i mean that man has a tyrant , ignorance .
i voted for the demise of that particular tyrant .
that particular tyrant has engendered royalty , which is authority based on falsehood , whereas science is authority based on truth .
man should be governed by science alone .
and conscience , added the bishop .
it ’ s the same thing .
conscience is the quota of innate science we each have inside us .
monseigneur bienvenu listened , a little amazed by this brand-new way of talking .
the conventionist went on : as for louis xvi , i said no .
i don ’ t believe i have the right to kill a man ; but i feel i have a duty to exterminate evil .
i voted for the end of the tyrant . that is to say , the end of prostitution for women , the end of slavery for men , the end of darkness for children .
in voting for the republic , that is what i voted for .
i voted for fraternity , for harmony , for the dawn of a new age !
i helped hasten the downfall of prejudices and bad habits : when bad habits and prejudices come crashing down they create light .
we brought down the old world , some of us , and the old world , that chamber pot of miseries , tipped over and turned into an urn pouring joy over humankind .
not all joy , said the bishop .
you could say clouded joy and now , after the fatal return of the past known as 1814,4 evaporated joy .
alas , our work was incomplete , i admit ; we demolished the structures of the ancien régime , but we didn ’ t quite manage to obliterate its ideas .
to wipe out abuse is not enough ; you have to change people ’ s whole outlook .
the mill is no longer standing , but the wind ’ s still there , blowing away .
demolition may be useful ; but i don ’ t trust any demolition that ’ s caught up in rage .
the law has its rage , my dear bishop , and the wrath of the law is part of progress .
come what may and no matter what they say about it , the french revolution was the greatest leap forward for mankind since the coming of christ .
incomplete , yes ; but sublime .
it released all kinds of social unknowns . it sweetened people ’ s minds ; it soothed , relieved , enlightened ; it caused waves of civilization to wash over the world .
it was good .
the french revolution is mankind ’ s crowning achievement .
the bishop could not prevent himself from muttering : oh , yes ?
the conventionist sat bolt upright in his chair with an almost mournful solemnity and , as much as a dying man can , he shouted : ah ! you got there at last !
i was wondering when you ’ d get to it .
a cloud had been hanging over us for fifteen hundred years . at the end of fifteen centuries , it finally burst .
you want to take the thunderclap to task .
the bishop felt , without perhaps admitting it to himself , that something in him had cooled down , gone out .
but he put a brave face on it .
he replied : the judge speaks in the name of justice , the priest speaks in the name of pity , which is only a more exalted kind of justice .
the thunderclap should not err .
and he added , fixing the conventionist with his eye : what about louis xvii ? 6
the conventionist reached out and clutched the bishop ’ s arm : louis xvii ?
let ’ s see .
who are you crying over ?
over the innocent child ?
you ’ re right , if so , and i cry with you .
over the royal child ?
then i beg to reflect . for me , cartouche ’ s brother,7 an innocent child , hung by the armpits in the place de grève8 until death resulted , for the sole crime of having been cartouche ’ s brother , is no less lamentable than the grandson of louis xv , an innocent child , martyred in the temple tower for the sole crime of having been the grandson of louis xv .
monsieur , said the bishop , i don ’ t like those names being connected .
which of them do you claim to represent ?
there was a moment of silence .
the bishop almost regretted having come , and yet he felt obscurely and strangely shaken .
the conventionist went on : ah ! my dear priest , you don ’ t like your truth so raw .
christ loved it .
he took a scourge and scoured the temple .
his flashing whip was a rude teller of home truths .
when he cried : sinite parvulos9—suffer them to come unto me—he didn ’ t distinguish among the little children .
he wouldn ’ t have been too hard put to make a connection between the dauphin of barabbas and the dauphin of herod.10 monsieur , innocence is its own crown .
innocence has no truck with highness .
it is as august in rags as it is draped in the fleur-de-lis.11
that ’ s true , said the bishop in a low voice .
i say again , continued the conventionist g—— , you brought up louis xvii .
are we to cry over all the innocents , all the martyrs , all the children , those at the bottom as well as those at the top ?
i am with you .
but then , as i ’ ve told you , we have to go back further than ’ 93 and it ’ s well before louis xvii that we need to begin shedding tears .
i will cry over the children of kings with you as long as you cry with me over the children of the people .
i cry for them all , said the bishop .
and if we must tip the balance , let it be on the side of the people , for they have been suffering longer .
there was another silence .
it was the conventionist who broke it .
he raised himself on one elbow , took a pinch of his cheek between his thumb and his crooked forefinger , as you do mechanically when you interrogate and judge , and he fired at the bishop a look that contained all the intense energy of approaching death .
it was like an explosion .
yes , monsieur , the people have been suffering for a long time .
then again , you realize , that is not all . what are you doing coming here and quizzing me and talking about louis xvii ?
i don ’ t know you .
since i ’ ve been in the region , i ’ ve lived in this paddock , on my own , never set foot outside it , or seen anyone apart from the boy who gives me a hand .
your name , it ’ s true , has more or less reached me , and , i have to say , what i ’ ve heard of you is not all bad . but that doesn ’ t mean a thing ; clever folk come up with all kinds of ways of trying to put one over on the good people .
speaking of which , i didn ’ t hear you roll up in a carriage—no doubt you left it behind the vine over there , at the fork in the road .
i don ’ t know you , i say .
you tell me you ’ re the bishop but that doesn ’ t tell me anything about what sort of man you are .
so , i repeat my question : who are you ?
you are a bishop , that is to say , a prince of the church , one of those gilded , emblazoned , salaried men who have big fat prebends—the see of digne , fifteen thousand francs fixed salary , ten thousand francs in commissions , total , twenty-five thousand francs—who have kitchens , who have liveried retinues , who entertain lavishly , who eat guinea fowl on fridays , who parade around , lackeys in front , lackeys behind , in a gala-standard berlin,12 and who have palaces , and roll along in a carriage in the name of jesus christ who went barefoot !
you are a prelate ; meaning annuities , palaces , horses , valets , a fine table , all the sensual pleasures of life , you have all that , like the rest of them , and like the rest of them you enjoy it and that ’ s fine , but it says too much or not enough . it doesn ’ t enlighten me as to your intrinsic and essential worth , you who have come here most likely presuming to bring me enlightenment .
who am i talking to ?
who are you ?
the bishop dipped his head and replied : vermis sum.13
a worm in a carriage ! the conventionist growled .
it was the conventionist ’ s turn to show human weakness and the bishop ’ s turn to show humility .
gently , the bishop replied : so be it , monsieur .
but explain to me how my carriage , which is two paces away behind the trees , and my fine table and the guinea fowl i eat on fridays and my twenty-five-thousand-francs income and my palaces and my lackeys prove that pity is not a virtue , that clemency is not a duty , and that ’ 93 was not hideously ruthless .
the conventionist passed his hand over his forehead as though to brush off a cloud .
before i answer you , he said , i beg your pardon .
i was wrong just now , monsieur .
you are in my home , you are my guest . i owe you courtesy .
you are debating my ideas , so i should confine myself to combating your arguments .
your wealth and your pleasures are advantages i have over you in the debate , but it is not in good taste for me to make use of them .
i promise not to use them again .
thank you , the bishop replied .
g—— went on : let ’ s go back to the explanation you requested .
where were we ?
what were you saying ?
that ’ 93 was hideously ruthless ?
ruthless , yes , said the bishop .
what do you make of marat applauding the guillotine ? 14
what do you make of bossuet singing the te deum as the dragoons savaged the protestants ? 15
the comeback was tough but it hit home with the sharpness of a rapier ’ s blade .
the bishop winced ; he had no riposte , but he was taken aback to hear bossuet ’ s name used in this way .
the best minds have their soft spots and sometimes feel somewhat bruised by the scant respect of logic .
the conventionist began to gasp for breath ; the asthma produced by approaching death , which makes the last intakes of air so laboured , broke up his voice , and yet the perfect lucidity of his soul shone on in his eyes .
he continued : i ’ d like us to keep talking a bit .
beyond the revolution , which , taken as a whole , is an immense affirmation of humanity , ’ 93 alas !
you find it hideously ruthless , but what about the whole of the monarchy , monsieur ?
carrier was a crook , but what do you call montrevel ?
fouquier-tinville was a ghoul , but what is your opinion of lamoignon-bâville ?
maillard was appalling , but what do you say of saulx-tavannes ?
le père duchêne ’ was ferocious , but how would you describe le père le tellier ’ for me ?
jourdan-coupe-tête was a monster , but not as big a monster as the marquis de louvois.16 monsieur , monsieur , i feel sorry for marie antoinette , archduchess and queen.17 but i also feel sorry for the poor huguenot woman who , in 1685 , under louis le grand,18 monsieur , was breast-feeding her baby when she was tied to a post , naked to the waist , the baby held at a distance . her breast swelled with milk and her heart swelled with anguish .
forcing her to choose between the death of her child and the death of her conscience .
what do you say to that bit of torture , worthy of tantalus,19 applied to a mother ?
monsieur , remember this : the french revolution had its reasons . its fury will be absolved by the future .
its most terrible actions led to tender loving care for the human race .
i must stop , it ’ s too easy—i hold all the cards . anyway , i ’ m dying .
and , ceasing to gaze at the bishop , the conventionist polished off his argument with these few quiet words : yes , the brutalities of progress are called revolutions .
when they are done , we recognize one thing : that the human race has been badly manhandled , but that it has moved forward .
little did the conventionist suspect that he had swept aside , one after the other , all the bishop ’ s entrenched internal defences .
there was one left , however , and from this supreme entrenchment , the last fastness of monseigneur bienvenu ’ s resistance , these words poured forth , almost as harshly as his opening gambit : progress should believe in god .
good can ’ t be served by impiety .
an atheist is a bad leader of the human race .
the old representative of the people did not answer .
a shiver ran through his body .
he looked up at the sky and a tear formed slowly in his eye .
when his eyes were full to brimming , his tears ran down his livid cheeks and he said , almost stammering , in a low voice , to himself , his eyes lost in the depths : o you !
you alone exist !
the bishop experienced an inexpressible commotion .
after a moment ’ s silence , the old man raised a finger to the sky and said : infinity is .
it is there .
if infinity had no self , the self would be its limit ; it would not be infinite . in other words , it would not be .
so it has a self .
this self of infinity is god .
the dying man had uttered those words in a loud voice and with a shudder of ecstasy as though he could see someone .
when he finished speaking , his eyes closed .
the effort had exhausted him .
it was clear that he had just lived the few hours remaining to him in one moment .
what he had just said had brought him closer to the one who stands at death ’ s door .
the final moment was coming .
it was as a priest that he had come ; his initial extreme coldness had gradually turned to extreme emotion . he looked at the closed eyes , he took the age-ravaged hand , wrinkled and icy , and he leaned toward the dying man : this hour is the hour of god .
don ’ t you think it would be a shame if we had met in vain ?
the conventionist opened his eyes again .
a gravity in which there was a shadow was stamped upon his face .
my dear bishop , he said , with a slowness that came more , perhaps , from the dignity of the soul than from his waning strength , i ’ ve spent my life in meditation , study , and contemplation .
i was sixty years old when my country called me , and commanded me to take part in its affairs .
there were abuses , i fought them ; there were rights and principles , i confessed them and professed them .
the land was invaded and i defended it ; france was threatened , i offered my breast .
i was never rich ; now i am poor .
i was one of the masters of the state , the vaults of the treasury were piled so high with coins that we were forced to prop up the walls which were ready to burst under the weight of all that gold and silver ; i dined in the rue de l ’ arbre-sec at twenty-two sous a head .
i succored the oppressed , i relieved the suffering .
i tore up the altar cloth , it ’ s true , but only to bandage the wounds of my homeland .
i have always supported the forward march of the human race toward the light and i have sometimes resisted progress pitilessly .
i have , on occasion , protected my own enemies—you lot .
and at peteghem in flanders , on the very spot where the merovingian kings had their summer palace , there is an urbanist convent , the abbey of sainte-claire en beaulieu , which i saved in 1793. i ’ ve done my duty as much as my strength would allow , and what good i could .
after which i was hunted , hounded , pursued , persecuted , slandered , scoffed at , spat on , cursed , ostracized .
for many years now , from the time my hair turned white , i ’ ve sensed that many people think they have the right to look on me with contempt ; for the poor ignorant hordes , i wear the face of the damned and , hating no one , i accept the isolation hate brings .
now i am eighty-six years old ; i am about to die .
what have you come to ask of me ?
your blessing , said the bishop.20 and he went down on his knees .
when the bishop raised his head again , the face of the conventionist had become august .
he had died .
the bishop returned home deeply absorbed in we know not what thoughts .
he spent the whole night in prayer .
the next day , a few brave busybodies tried to talk to him about the conventionist , g—— . all he did was point to the sky .
from that moment , he became more gentle and fraternal than ever toward the little children and the suffering .
any allusion to that old rotter g—— caused him to lapse into a strange meditative trance .
no one could say that his spirit ’ s passing encounter with that spirit and the reflection of that great conscience over his own did not have something to do with his approaching perfection .
that particular pastoral visit was naturally an occasion that set the little local coteries buzzing : was the place for a bishop by the bedside of a man like that , even if he was dying ?
obviously he couldn ’ t have been expecting a conversion from that quarter .
all these revolutionaries are irreligious .
so why go there ?
what did he think he ’ d find ?
in 1815 , m. charles-francois-bienvenu myriel was bishop of d -- -- he was an old man of about seventy-five years of age ; he had occupied the see of d -- -- since 1806 .
although this detail has no connection whatever with the real substance of what we are about to relate , it will not be superfluous , if merely for the sake of exactness in all points , to mention here the various rumors and remarks which had been in circulation about him from the very moment when he arrived in the diocese .
true or false , that which is said of men often occupies as important a place in their lives , and above all in their destinies , as that which they do .
m. myriel was the son of a councillor of the parliament of aix ; hence he belonged to the nobility of the bar . it was said that his father , destining him to be the heir of his own post , had married him at a very early age , eighteen or twenty , in accordance with a custom which is rather widely prevalent in parliamentary families .
in spite of this marriage , however , it was said that charles myriel created a great deal of talk .
he was well formed , though rather short in stature , elegant , graceful , intelligent ; the whole of the first portion of his life had been devoted to the world and to gallantry .
the revolution came ; events succeeded each other with precipitation ; the parliamentary families , decimated , pursued , hunted down , were dispersed .
m. charles myriel emigrated to italy at the very beginning of the revolution .
there his wife died of a malady of the chest , from which she had long suffered .
he had no children .
what took place next in the fate of m. myriel ?
the ruin of the french society of the olden days , the fall of his own family , the tragic spectacles of '93 , which were , perhaps , even more alarming to the emigrants who viewed them from a distance , with the magnifying powers of terror , -- did these cause the ideas of renunciation and solitude to germinate in him ?
was he , in the midst of these distractions , these affections which absorbed his life , suddenly smitten with one of those mysterious and terrible blows which sometimes overwhelm , by striking to his heart , a man whom public catastrophes would not shake , by striking at his existence and his fortune ?
no one could have told : all that was known was , that when he returned from italy he was a priest .
in 1804 , m. myriel was the cure of b -- -- [ brignolles ] .
he was already advanced in years , and lived in a very retired manner .
about the epoch of the coronation , some petty affair connected with his curacy -- just what , is not precisely known -- took him to paris .
among other powerful persons to whom he went to solicit aid for his parishioners was m. le cardinal fesch .
one day , when the emperor had come to visit his uncle , the worthy cure , who was waiting in the anteroom , found himself present when his majesty passed .
napoleon , on finding himself observed with a certain curiosity by this old man , turned round and said abruptly : -who is this good man who is staring at me ?
sire , said m. myriel , you are looking at a good man , and i at a great man .
each of us can profit by it .
that very evening , the emperor asked the cardinal the name of the cure , and some time afterwards m. myriel was utterly astonished to learn that he had been appointed bishop of d -- -what truth was there , after all , in the stories which were invented as to the early portion of m. myriel 's life ?
no one knew .
very few families had been acquainted with the myriel family before the revolution .
m. myriel had to undergo the fate of every newcomer in a little town , where there are many mouths which talk , and very few heads which think .
he was obliged to undergo it although he was a bishop , and because he was a bishop .
but after all , the rumors with which his name was connected were rumors only , -- noise , sayings , words ; less than words -- palabres , as the energetic language of the south expresses it .
however that may be , after nine years of episcopal power and of residence in d -- -- , all the stories and subjects of conversation which engross petty towns and petty people at the outset had fallen into profound oblivion .
no one would have dared to mention them ; no one would have dared to recall them .
m. myriel had arrived at d -- -- accompanied by an elderly spinster , mademoiselle baptistine , who was his sister , and ten years his junior .
their only domestic was a female servant of the same age as mademoiselle baptistine , and named madame magloire , who , after having been the servant of m. le cure , now assumed the double title of maid to mademoiselle and housekeeper to monseigneur .
mademoiselle baptistine was a long , pale , thin , gentle creature ; she realized the ideal expressed by the word respectable ; for it seems that a woman must needs be a mother in order to be venerable .
she had never been pretty ; her whole life , which had been nothing but a succession of holy deeds , had finally conferred upon her a sort of pallor and transparency ; and as she advanced in years she had acquired what may be called the beauty of goodness .
what had been leanness in her youth had become transparency in her maturity ; and this diaphaneity allowed the angel to be seen .
she was a soul rather than a virgin .
her person seemed made of a shadow ; there was hardly sufficient body to provide for sex ; a little matter enclosing a light ; large eyes forever drooping ; -- a mere pretext for a soul 's remaining on the earth .
madame magloire was a little , fat , white old woman , corpulent and bustling ; always out of breath , -- in the first place , because of her activity , and in the next , because of her asthma .
on his arrival , m. myriel was installed in the episcopal palace with the honors required by the imperial decrees , which class a bishop immediately after a major-general . the mayor and the president paid the first call on him , and he , in turn , paid the first call on the general and the prefect .
the installation over , the town waited to see its bishop at work .
the episcopal palace of d -- -- adjoins the hospital .
the episcopal palace was a huge and beautiful house , built of stone at the beginning of the last century by m. henri puget , doctor of theology of the faculty of paris , abbe of simore , who had been bishop of d -- -- in 1712. this palace was a genuine seignorial residence .
everything about it had a grand air , -- the apartments of the bishop , the drawing-rooms , the chambers , the principal courtyard , which was very large , with walks encircling it under arcades in the old florentine fashion , and gardens planted with magnificent trees .
in the dining-room , a long and superb gallery which was situated on the ground-floor and opened on the gardens , m. henri puget had entertained in state , on july 29 , 1714 , my lords charles brulart de genlis , archbishop ; prince d'embrun ; antoine de mesgrigny , the capuchin , bishop of grasse ; philippe de vendome , grand prior of france , abbe of saint honore de lerins ; francois de berton de crillon , bishop , baron de vence ; cesar de sabran de forcalquier , bishop , seignor of glandeve ; and jean soanen , priest of the oratory , preacher in ordinary to the king , bishop , seignor of senez . the portraits of these seven reverend personages decorated this apartment ; and this memorable date , the 29th of july , 1714 , was there engraved in letters of gold on a table of white marble .
the hospital was a low and narrow building of a single story , with a small garden .
three days after his arrival , the bishop visited the hospital .
the visit ended , he had the director requested to be so good as to come to his house .
monsieur the director of the hospital , said he to him , how many sick people have you at the present moment ?
twenty-six , monseigneur .
that was the number which i counted , said the bishop .
the beds , pursued the director , are very much crowded against each other .
that is what i observed .
the halls are nothing but rooms , and it is with difficulty that the air can be changed in them .
so it seems to me .
and then , when there is a ray of sun , the garden is very small for the convalescents .
that was what i said to myself .
in case of epidemics , -- we have had the typhus fever this year ; we had the sweating sickness two years ago , and a hundred patients at times , -- we know not what to do .
that is the thought which occurred to me .
what would you have , monseigneur ?
said the director .
one must resign one 's self .
this conversation took place in the gallery dining-room on the ground-floor .
the bishop remained silent for a moment ; then he turned abruptly to the director of the hospital .
monsieur , said he , how many beds do you think this hall alone would hold ?
monseigneur 's dining-room ?
exclaimed the stupefied director .
the bishop cast a glance round the apartment , and seemed to be taking measures and calculations with his eyes .
it would hold full twenty beds , said he , as though speaking to himself .
then , raising his voice : -hold , monsieur the director of the hospital , i will tell you something .
there is evidently a mistake here .
there are thirty-six of you , in five or six small rooms .
there are three of us here , and we have room for sixty .
there is some mistake , i tell you ; you have my house , and i have yours .
give me back my house ; you are at home here .
on the following day the thirty-six patients were installed in the bishop 's palace , and the bishop was settled in the hospital .
m. myriel had no property , his family having been ruined by the revolution .
his sister was in receipt of a yearly income of five hundred francs , which sufficed for her personal wants at the vicarage .
m. myriel received from the state , in his quality of bishop , a salary of fifteen thousand francs .
on the very day when he took up his abode in the hospital , m. myriel settled on the disposition of this sum once for all , in the following manner .
we transcribe here a note made by his own hand : - m. myriel made no change in this arrangement during the entire period that he occupied the see of d -- -- as has been seen , he called it regulating his household expenses .
this arrangement was accepted with absolute submission by mademoiselle baptistine .
this holy woman regarded monseigneur of d -- -- as at one and the same time her brother and her bishop , her friend according to the flesh and her superior according to the church .
she simply loved and venerated him .
when he spoke , she bowed ; when he acted , she yielded her adherence .
their only servant , madame magloire , grumbled a little .
it will be observed that monsieur the bishop had reserved for himself only one thousand livres , which , added to the pension of mademoiselle baptistine , made fifteen hundred francs a year .
on these fifteen hundred francs these two old women and the old man subsisted .
and when a village curate came to d -- -- , the bishop still found means to entertain him , thanks to the severe economy of madame magloire , and to the intelligent administration of mademoiselle baptistine .
one day , after he had been in d -- -- about three months , the bishop said : -and still i am quite cramped with it all !
i should think so !
exclaimed madame magloire .
monseigneur has not even claimed the allowance which the department owes him for the expense of his carriage in town , and for his journeys about the diocese .
it was customary for bishops in former days .
cried the bishop , you are quite right , madame magloire .
and he made his demand .
some time afterwards the general council took this demand under consideration , and voted him an annual sum of three thousand francs , under this heading : allowance to m. the bishop for expenses of carriage , expenses of posting , and expenses of pastoral visits .
this provoked a great outcry among the local burgesses ; and a senator of the empire , a former member of the council of the five hundred which favored the 18 brumaire , and who was provided with a magnificent senatorial office in the vicinity of the town of d -- -- , wrote to m. bigot de preameneu , the minister of public worship , a very angry and confidential note on the subject , from which we extract these authentic lines : - expenses of carriage ?
what can be done with it in a town of less than four thousand inhabitants ?
expenses of journeys ?
what is the use of these trips , in the first place ?
next , how can the posting be accomplished in these mountainous parts ?
there are no roads .
no one travels otherwise than on horseback .
even the bridge between durance and chateau-arnoux can barely support ox-teams .
these priests are all thus , greedy and avaricious .
this man played the good priest when he first came .
now he does like the rest ; he must have a carriage and a posting-chaise , he must have luxuries , like the bishops of the olden days .
oh , all this priesthood !
things will not go well , m. le comte , until the emperor has freed us from these black-capped rascals .
down with the pope !
for my part , i am for caesar alone .
on the other hand , this affair afforded great delight to madame magloire .
good , said she to mademoiselle baptistine ; monseigneur began with other people , but he has had to wind up with himself , after all .
he has regulated all his charities .
now here are three thousand francs for us !
that same evening the bishop wrote out and handed to his sister a memorandum conceived in the following terms : - such was m. myriel 's budget .
as for the chance episcopal perquisites , the fees for marriage bans , dispensations , private baptisms , sermons , benedictions , of churches or chapels , marriages , etc. , the bishop levied them on the wealthy with all the more asperity , since he bestowed them on the needy .
after a time , offerings of money flowed in .
those who had and those who lacked knocked at m. myriel 's door , -- the latter in search of the alms which the former came to deposit .
in less than a year the bishop had become the treasurer of all benevolence and the cashier of all those in distress .
considerable sums of money passed through his hands , but nothing could induce him to make any change whatever in his mode of life , or add anything superfluous to his bare necessities .
far from it .
as there is always more wretchedness below than there is brotherhood above , all was given away , so to speak , before it was received .
it was like water on dry soil ; no matter how much money he received , he never had any .
then he stripped himself .
the usage being that bishops shall announce their baptismal names at the head of their charges and their pastoral letters , the poor people of the country-side had selected , with a sort of affectionate instinct , among the names and prenomens of their bishop , that which had a meaning for them ; and they never called him anything except monseigneur bienvenu [ welcome ] .
we will follow their example , and will also call him thus when we have occasion to name him .
moreover , this appellation pleased him .
i like that name , said he .
bienvenu makes up for the monseigneur . we do not claim that the portrait herewith presented is probable ; we confine ourselves to stating that it resembles the original .
the bishop did not omit his pastoral visits because he had converted his carriage into alms .
to visit all these is quite a task .
the bishop managed to do it .
he went on foot when it was in the neighborhood , in a tilted spring-cart when it was on the plain , and on a donkey in the mountains .
the two old women accompanied him .
when the trip was too hard for them , he went alone .
one day he arrived at senez , which is an ancient episcopal city . he was mounted on an ass .
his purse , which was very dry at that moment , did not permit him any other equipage .
the mayor of the town came to receive him at the gate of the town , and watched him dismount from his ass , with scandalized eyes .
some of the citizens were laughing around him .
monsieur the mayor , said the bishop , and messieurs citizens , i perceive that i shock you .
you think it very arrogant in a poor priest to ride an animal which was used by jesus christ .
i have done so from necessity , i assure you , and not from vanity .
in the course of these trips he was kind and indulgent , and talked rather than preached .
he never went far in search of his arguments and his examples .
he quoted to the inhabitants of one district the example of a neighboring district .
in the cantons where they were harsh to the poor , he said : look at the people of briancon !
they have conferred on the poor , on widows and orphans , the right to have their meadows mown three days in advance of every one else . they rebuild their houses for them gratuitously when they are ruined .
therefore it is a country which is blessed by god .
for a whole century , there has not been a single murderer among them .
in villages which were greedy for profit and harvest , he said : look at the people of embrun !
if , at the harvest season , the father of a family has his son away on service in the army , and his daughters at service in the town , and if he is ill and incapacitated , the cure recommends him to the prayers of the congregation ; and on sunday , after the mass , all the inhabitants of the village -- men , women , and children -- go to the poor man 's field and do his harvesting for him , and carry his straw and his grain to his granary .
to families divided by questions of money and inheritance he said : look at the mountaineers of devolny , a country so wild that the nightingale is not heard there once in fifty years .
well , when the father of a family dies , the boys go off to seek their fortunes , leaving the property to the girls , so that they may find husbands .
to the cantons which had a taste for lawsuits , and where the farmers ruined themselves in stamped paper , he said : look at those good peasants in the valley of queyras !
there are three thousand souls of them .
it is like a little republic .
neither judge nor bailiff is known there .
the mayor does everything .
he allots the imposts , taxes each person conscientiously , judges quarrels for nothing , divides inheritances without charge , pronounces sentences gratuitously ; and he is obeyed , because he is a just man among simple men .
to villages where he found no schoolmaster , he quoted once more the people of queyras : do you know how they manage ?
since a little country of a dozen or fifteen hearths can not always support a teacher , they have school-masters who are paid by the whole valley , who make the round of the villages , spending a week in this one , ten days in that , and instruct them .
these teachers go to the fairs .
they are to be recognized by the quill pens which they wear in the cord of their hat .
those who teach reading only have one pen ; those who teach reading and reckoning have two pens ; those who teach reading , reckoning , and latin have three pens .
but what a disgrace to be ignorant !
do like the people of queyras !
thus he discoursed gravely and paternally ; in default of examples , he invented parables , going directly to the point , with few phrases and many images , which characteristic formed the real eloquence of jesus christ .
and being convinced himself , he was persuasive .
he put himself on a level with the two old women who had passed their lives beside him . when he laughed , it was the laugh of a schoolboy .
madame magloire liked to call him your grace [ votre grandeur ] .
one day he rose from his arm-chair , and went to his library in search of a book .
this book was on one of the upper shelves . as the bishop was rather short of stature , he could not reach it .
madame magloire , said he , fetch me a chair .
my greatness [ grandeur ] does not reach as far as that shelf .
one of his distant relatives , madame la comtesse de lo , rarely allowed an opportunity to escape of enumerating , in his presence , what she designated as the expectations of her three sons .
she had numerous relatives , who were very old and near to death , and of whom her sons were the natural heirs .
the youngest of the three was to receive from a grand-aunt a good hundred thousand livres of income ; the second was the heir by entail to the title of the duke , his uncle ; the eldest was to succeed to the peerage of his grandfather . the bishop was accustomed to listen in silence to these innocent and pardonable maternal boasts .
on one occasion , however , he appeared to be more thoughtful than usual , while madame de lo was relating once again the details of all these inheritances and all these expectations .
what are you thinking about ?
i am thinking , replied the bishop , of a singular remark , which is to be found , i believe , in st. augustine , -- place your hopes in the man from whom you do not inherit .
at another time , on receiving a notification of the decease of a gentleman of the country-side , wherein not only the dignities of the dead man , but also the feudal and noble qualifications of all his relatives , spread over an entire page : what a stout back death has !
what a strange burden of titles is cheerfully imposed on him , and how much wit must men have , in order thus to press the tomb into the service of vanity !
he was gifted , on occasion , with a gentle raillery , which almost always concealed a serious meaning .
in the course of one lent , a youthful vicar came to d -- -- , and preached in the cathedral .
the subject of his sermon was charity .
he urged the rich to give to the poor , in order to avoid hell , which he depicted in the most frightful manner of which he was capable , and to win paradise , which he represented as charming and desirable .
among the audience there was a wealthy retired merchant , who was somewhat of a usurer , named m. geborand , who had amassed two millions in the manufacture of coarse cloth , serges , and woollen galloons .
never in his whole life had m. geborand bestowed alms on any poor wretch .
after the delivery of that sermon , it was observed that he gave a sou every sunday to the poor old beggar-women at the door of the cathedral .
there were six of them to share it .
one day the bishop caught sight of him in the act of bestowing this charity , and said to his sister , with a smile , there is m. geborand purchasing paradise for a sou .
when it was a question of charity , he was not to be rebuffed even by a refusal , and on such occasions he gave utterance to remarks which induced reflection .
once he was begging for the poor in a drawing-room of the town ; there was present the marquis de champtercier , a wealthy and avaricious old man , who contrived to be , at one and the same time , an ultra-royalist and an ultra-voltairian . this variety of man has actually existed .
when the bishop came to him , he touched his arm , you must give me something , m. le marquis .
the marquis turned round and answered dryly , i have poor people of my own , monseigneur .
give them to me , replied the bishop .
one day he preached the following sermon in the cathedral : - my very dear brethren , my good friends , there are thirteen hundred and twenty thousand peasants ' dwellings in france which have but three openings ; eighteen hundred and seventeen thousand hovels which have but two openings , the door and one window ; and three hundred and forty-six thousand cabins besides which have but one opening , the door .
and this arises from a thing which is called the tax on doors and windows . just put poor families , old women and little children , in those buildings , and behold the fevers and maladies which result !
god gives air to men ; the law sells it to them .
i do not blame the law , but i bless god .
in the department of the isere , in the var , in the two departments of the alpes , the hautes , and the basses , the peasants have not even wheelbarrows ; they transport their manure on the backs of men ; they have no candles , and they burn resinous sticks , and bits of rope dipped in pitch .
that is the state of affairs throughout the whole of the hilly country of dauphine .
they make bread for six months at one time ; they bake it with dried cow-dung .
in the winter they break this bread up with an axe , and they soak it for twenty-four hours , in order to render it eatable .
my brethren , have pity !
behold the suffering on all sides of you !
born a provencal , he easily familiarized himself with the dialect of the south .
he said , en be !
moussu , ses sage ?
as in lower languedoc ; onte anaras passa ?
as in the basses-alpes ; puerte un bouen moutu embe un bouen fromage grase , as in upper dauphine .
this pleased the people extremely , and contributed not a little to win him access to all spirits .
he was perfectly at home in the thatched cottage and in the mountains .
he understood how to say the grandest things in the most vulgar of idioms .
as he spoke all tongues , he entered into all hearts .
moreover , he was the same towards people of the world and towards the lower classes .
he condemned nothing in haste and without taking circumstances into account .
being , as he described himself with a smile , an ex-sinner , he had none of the asperities of austerity , and he professed , with a good deal of distinctness , and without the frown of the ferociously virtuous , a doctrine which may be summed up as follows : -man has upon him his flesh , which is at once his burden and his temptation .
he drags it with him and yields to it .
he must watch it , cheek it , repress it , and obey it only at the last extremity .
there may be some fault even in this obedience ; but the fault thus committed is venial ; it is a fall , but a fall on the knees which may terminate in prayer .
to be a saint is the exception ; to be an upright man is the rule .
err , fall , sin if you will , but be upright .
the least possible sin is the law of man .
no sin at all is the dream of the angel .
all which is terrestrial is subject to sin .
sin is a gravitation .
he said , with a smile ; to all appearance , this is a great crime which all the world commits .
these are hypocrisies which have taken fright , and are in haste to make protest and to put themselves under shelter .
he was indulgent towards women and poor people , on whom the burden of human society rest .
he said , the faults of women , of children , of the feeble , the indigent , and the ignorant , are the fault of the husbands , the fathers , the masters , the strong , the rich , and the wise .
he said , moreover , teach those who are ignorant as many things as possible ; society is culpable , in that it does not afford instruction gratis ; it is responsible for the night which it produces .
this soul is full of shadow ; sin is therein committed .
the guilty one is not the person who has committed the sin , but the person who has created the shadow .
it will be perceived that he had a peculiar manner of his own of judging things : i suspect that he obtained it from the gospel .
one day he heard a criminal case , which was in preparation and on the point of trial , discussed in a drawing-room .
a wretched man , being at the end of his resources , had coined counterfeit money , out of love for a woman , and for the child which he had had by her .
counterfeiting was still punishable with death at that epoch .
the woman had been arrested in the act of passing the first false piece made by the man .
she was held , but there were no proofs except against her .
she alone could accuse her lover , and destroy him by her confession .
she denied ; they insisted .
she persisted in her denial .
thereupon an idea occurred to the attorney for the crown .
he invented an infidelity on the part of the lover , and succeeded , by means of fragments of letters cunningly presented , in persuading the unfortunate woman that she had a rival , and that the man was deceiving her .
thereupon , exasperated by jealousy , she denounced her lover , confessed all , proved all .
the man was ruined .
he was shortly to be tried at aix with his accomplice .
they were relating the matter , and each one was expressing enthusiasm over the cleverness of the magistrate .
by bringing jealousy into play , he had caused the truth to burst forth in wrath , he had educed the justice of revenge .
the bishop listened to all this in silence .
when they had finished , he inquired , -where are this man and woman to be tried ?
he went on , and where will the advocate of the crown be tried ?
a tragic event occurred at d -- -- a man was condemned to death for murder .
he was a wretched fellow , not exactly educated , not exactly ignorant , who had been a mountebank at fairs , and a writer for the public .
the town took a great interest in the trial .
on the eve of the day fixed for the execution of the condemned man , the chaplain of the prison fell ill. a priest was needed to attend the criminal in his last moments .
it seems that he refused to come , saying , that is no affair of mine .
i have nothing to do with that unpleasant task , and with that mountebank : i , too , am ill ; and besides , it is not my place .
this reply was reported to the bishop , who said , monsieur le cure is right : it is not his place ; it is mine .
he went instantly to the prison , descended to the cell of the mountebank , called him by name , took him by the hand , and spoke to him .
he passed the entire day with him , forgetful of food and sleep , praying to god for the soul of the condemned man , and praying the condemned man for his own .
he told him the best truths , which are also the most simple .
he was father , brother , friend ; he was bishop only to bless .
he taught him everything , encouraged and consoled him .
the man was on the point of dying in despair .
death was an abyss to him .
as he stood trembling on its mournful brink , he recoiled with horror .
he was not sufficiently ignorant to be absolutely indifferent .
his condemnation , which had been a profound shock , had , in a manner , broken through , here and there , that wall which separates us from the mystery of things , and which we call life .
he gazed incessantly beyond this world through these fatal breaches , and beheld only darkness .
the bishop made him see light .
on the following day , when they came to fetch the unhappy wretch , the bishop was still there .
he followed him , and exhibited himself to the eyes of the crowd in his purple camail and with his episcopal cross upon his neck , side by side with the criminal bound with cords .
he mounted the tumbril with him , he mounted the scaffold with him .
the sufferer , who had been so gloomy and cast down on the preceding day , was radiant .
he felt that his soul was reconciled , and he hoped in god .
the bishop embraced him , and at the moment when the knife was about to fall , he said to him : god raises from the dead him whom man slays ; he whom his brothers have rejected finds his father once more .
pray , believe , enter into life : the father is there .
when he descended from the scaffold , there was something in his look which made the people draw aside to let him pass .
they did not know which was most worthy of admiration , his pallor or his serenity .
on his return to the humble dwelling , which he designated , with a smile , as his palace , he said to his sister , i have just officiated pontifically .
since the most sublime things are often those which are the least understood , there were people in the town who said , when commenting on this conduct of the bishop , it is affectation .
the populace , which perceives no jest in holy deeds , was touched , and admired him .
as for the bishop , it was a shock to him to have beheld the guillotine , and it was a long time before he recovered from it .
in fact , when the scaffold is there , all erected and prepared , it has something about it which produces hallucination .
one may feel a certain indifference to the death penalty , one may refrain from pronouncing upon it , from saying yes or no , so long as one has not seen a guillotine with one 's own eyes : but if one encounters one of them , the shock is violent ; one is forced to decide , and to take part for or against .
some admire it , like de maistre ; others execrate it , like beccaria .
the guillotine is the concretion of the law ; it is called vindicte ; it is not neutral , and it does not permit you to remain neutral .
he who sees it shivers with the most mysterious of shivers .
all social problems erect their interrogation point around this chopping-knife .
the scaffold is not a piece of carpentry ; the scaffold is not a machine ; the scaffold is not an inert bit of mechanism constructed of wood , iron and cords .
it seems as though it were a being , possessed of i know not what sombre initiative ; one would say that this piece of carpenter 's work saw , that this machine heard , that this mechanism understood , that this wood , this iron , and these cords were possessed of will .
in the frightful meditation into which its presence casts the soul the scaffold appears in terrible guise , and as though taking part in what is going on .
the scaffold is the accomplice of the executioner ; it devours , it eats flesh , it drinks blood ; the scaffold is a sort of monster fabricated by the judge and the carpenter , a spectre which seems to live with a horrible vitality composed of all the death which it has inflicted .
therefore , the impression was terrible and profound ; on the day following the execution , and on many succeeding days , the bishop appeared to be crushed .
the almost violent serenity of the funereal moment had disappeared ; the phantom of social justice tormented him .
he , who generally returned from all his deeds with a radiant satisfaction , seemed to be reproaching himself .
at times he talked to himself , and stammered lugubrious monologues in a low voice .
this is one which his sister overheard one evening and preserved : i did not think that it was so monstrous .
it is wrong to become absorbed in the divine law to such a degree as not to perceive human law .
death belongs to god alone .
by what right do men touch that unknown thing ?
in course of time these impressions weakened and probably vanished .
nevertheless , it was observed that the bishop thenceforth avoided passing the place of execution .
m. myriel could be summoned at any hour to the bedside of the sick and dying .
he did not ignore the fact that therein lay his greatest duty and his greatest labor .
widowed and orphaned families had no need to summon him ; he came of his own accord .
he understood how to sit down and hold his peace for long hours beside the man who had lost the wife of his love , of the mother who had lost her child .
as he knew the moment for silence he knew also the moment for speech .
oh , admirable consoler !
he sought not to efface sorrow by forgetfulness , but to magnify and dignify it by hope .
he said : -have a care of the manner in which you turn towards the dead .
you will perceive the living light of your well-beloved dead in the depths of heaven .
he knew that faith is wholesome .
he sought to counsel and calm the despairing man , by pointing out to him the resigned man , and to transform the grief which gazes upon a grave by showing him the grief which fixes its gaze upon a star .
the private life of m. myriel was filled with the same thoughts as his public life .
the voluntary poverty in which the bishop of d -- -- lived , would have been a solemn and charming sight for any one who could have viewed it close at hand .
like all old men , and like the majority of thinkers , he slept little .
this brief slumber was profound .
in the morning he meditated for an hour , then he said his mass , either at the cathedral or in his own house .
his mass said , he broke his fast on rye bread dipped in the milk of his own cows .
then he set to work .
a bishop is a very busy man : he must every day receive the secretary of the bishopric , who is generally a canon , and nearly every day his vicars-general . he has congregations to reprove , privileges to grant , a whole ecclesiastical library to examine , -- prayer-books , diocesan catechisms , books of hours , etc. , -- charges to write , sermons to authorize , cures and mayors to reconcile , a clerical correspondence , an administrative correspondence ; on one side the state , on the other the holy see ; and a thousand matters of business .
what time was left to him , after these thousand details of business , and his offices and his breviary , he bestowed first on the necessitous , the sick , and the afflicted ; the time which was left to him from the afflicted , the sick , and the necessitous , he devoted to work .
sometimes he dug in his garden ; again , he read or wrote .
he had but one word for both these kinds of toil ; he called them gardening .
the mind is a garden , said he .
towards mid-day , when the weather was fine , he went forth and took a stroll in the country or in town , often entering lowly dwellings .
he was seen walking alone , buried in his own thoughts , his eyes cast down , supporting himself on his long cane , clad in his wadded purple garment of silk , which was very warm , wearing purple stockings inside his coarse shoes , and surmounted by a flat hat which allowed three golden tassels of large bullion to droop from its three points .
it was a perfect festival wherever he appeared .
one would have said that his presence had something warming and luminous about it .
the children and the old people came out to the doorsteps for the bishop as for the sun .
he bestowed his blessing , and they blessed him .
they pointed out his house to any one who was in need of anything .
here and there he halted , accosted the little boys and girls , and smiled upon the mothers .
he visited the poor so long as he had any money ; when he no longer had any , he visited the rich .
as he made his cassocks last a long while , and did not wish to have it noticed , he never went out in the town without his wadded purple cloak .
on his return , he dined . the dinner resembled his breakfast .
at half-past eight in the evening he supped with his sister , madame magloire standing behind them and serving them at table .
nothing could be more frugal than this repast .
if , however , the bishop had one of his cures to supper , madame magloire took advantage of the opportunity to serve monseigneur with some excellent fish from the lake , or with some fine game from the mountains .
every cure furnished the pretext for a good meal : the bishop did not interfere .
with that exception , his ordinary diet consisted only of vegetables boiled in water , and oil soup .
thus it was said in the town , when the bishop does not indulge in the cheer of a cure , he indulges in the cheer of a trappist .
after supper he conversed for half an hour with mademoiselle baptistine and madame magloire ; then he retired to his own room and set to writing , sometimes on loose sheets , and again on the margin of some folio .
he was a man of letters and rather learned .
he left behind him five or six very curious manuscripts ; among others , a dissertation on this verse in genesis , in the beginning , the spirit of god floated upon the waters .
with this verse he compares three texts : the arabic verse which says , the winds of god blew ; flavius josephus who says , a wind from above was precipitated upon the earth ; and finally , the chaldaic paraphrase of onkelos , which renders it , a wind coming from god blew upon the face of the waters .
in another dissertation , he examines the theological works of hugo , bishop of ptolemais , great-grand-uncle to the writer of this book , and establishes the fact , that to this bishop must be attributed the divers little works published during the last century , under the pseudonym of barleycourt .
sometimes , in the midst of his reading , no matter what the book might be which he had in his hand , he would suddenly fall into a profound meditation , whence he only emerged to write a few lines on the pages of the volume itself .
these lines have often no connection whatever with the book which contains them .
we now have under our eyes a note written by him on the margin of a quarto entitled correspondence of lord germain with generals clinton , cornwallis , and the admirals on the american station .
versailles , poincot , book-seller ; and paris , pissot , bookseller , quai des augustins .
here is the note : -oh , you who are !
ecclesiastes calls you the all-powerful ; the maccabees call you the creator ; the epistle to the ephesians calls you liberty ; baruch calls you immensity ; the psalms call you wisdom and truth ; john calls you light ; the books of kings call you lord ; exodus calls you providence ; leviticus , sanctity ; esdras , justice ; the creation calls you god ; man calls you father ; but solomon calls you compassion , and that is the most beautiful of all your names .
toward nine o'clock in the evening the two women retired and betook themselves to their chambers on the first floor , leaving him alone until morning on the ground floor .
it is necessary that we should , in this place , give an exact idea of the dwelling of the bishop of d -- - the house in which he lived consisted , as we have said , of a ground floor , and one story above ; three rooms on the ground floor , three chambers on the first , and an attic above .
behind the house was a garden , a quarter of an acre in extent .
the two women occupied the first floor ; the bishop was lodged below .
the first room , opening on the street , served him as dining-room , the second was his bedroom , and the third his oratory .
there was no exit possible from this oratory , except by passing through the bedroom , nor from the bedroom , without passing through the dining-room .
at the end of the suite , in the oratory , there was a detached alcove with a bed , for use in cases of hospitality .
the bishop offered this bed to country curates whom business or the requirements of their parishes brought to d -- -the pharmacy of the hospital , a small building which had been added to the house , and abutted on the garden , had been transformed into a kitchen and cellar .
in addition to this , there was in the garden a stable , which had formerly been the kitchen of the hospital , and in which the bishop kept two cows .
no matter what the quantity of milk they gave , he invariably sent half of it every morning to the sick people in the hospital .
i am paying my tithes , he said .
his bedroom was tolerably large , and rather difficult to warm in bad weather .
as wood is extremely dear at d -- -- , he hit upon the idea of having a compartment of boards constructed in the cow-shed .
here he passed his evenings during seasons of severe cold : he called it his winter salon .
in this winter salon , as in the dining-room , there was no other furniture than a square table in white wood , and four straw-seated chairs .
in addition to this the dining-room was ornamented with an antique sideboard , painted pink , in water colors .
out of a similar sideboard , properly draped with white napery and imitation lace , the bishop had constructed the altar which decorated his oratory .
his wealthy penitents and the sainted women of d -- -- had more than once assessed themselves to raise the money for a new altar for monseigneur 's oratory ; on each occasion he had taken the money and had given it to the poor .
the most beautiful of altars , he said , is the soul of an unhappy creature consoled and thanking god .
in his oratory there were two straw prie-dieu , and there was an arm-chair , also in straw , in his bedroom .
when , by chance , he received seven or eight persons at one time , the prefect , or the general , or the staff of the regiment in garrison , or several pupils from the little seminary , the chairs had to be fetched from the winter salon in the stable , the prie-dieu from the oratory , and the arm-chair from the bedroom : in this way as many as eleven chairs could be collected for the visitors .
a room was dismantled for each new guest .
it sometimes happened that there were twelve in the party ; the bishop then relieved the embarrassment of the situation by standing in front of the chimney if it was winter , or by strolling in the garden if it was summer .
there was still another chair in the detached alcove , but the straw was half gone from it , and it had but three legs , so that it was of service only when propped against the wall .
mademoiselle baptistine had also in her own room a very large easy-chair of wood , which had formerly been gilded , and which was covered with flowered pekin ; but they had been obliged to hoist this bergere up to the first story through the window , as the staircase was too narrow ; it could not , therefore , be reckoned among the possibilities in the way of furniture .
mademoiselle baptistine 's ambition had been to be able to purchase a set of drawing-room furniture in yellow utrecht velvet , stamped with a rose pattern , and with mahogany in swan 's neck style , with a sofa .
but this would have cost five hundred francs at least , and in view of the fact that she had only been able to lay by forty-two francs and ten sous for this purpose in the course of five years , she had ended by renouncing the idea .
however , who is there who has attained his ideal ?
nothing is more easy to present to the imagination than the bishop 's bedchamber .
a glazed door opened on the garden ; opposite this was the bed , -- a hospital bed of iron , with a canopy of green serge ; in the shadow of the bed , behind a curtain , were the utensils of the toilet , which still betrayed the elegant habits of the man of the world : there were two doors , one near the chimney , opening into the oratory ; the other near the bookcase , opening into the dining-room . the bookcase was a large cupboard with glass doors filled with books ; the chimney was of wood painted to represent marble , and habitually without fire .
in the chimney stood a pair of firedogs of iron , ornamented above with two garlanded vases , and flutings which had formerly been silvered with silver leaf , which was a sort of episcopal luxury ; above the chimney-piece hung a crucifix of copper , with the silver worn off , fixed on a background of threadbare velvet in a wooden frame from which the gilding had fallen ; near the glass door a large table with an inkstand , loaded with a confusion of papers and with huge volumes ; before the table an arm-chair of straw ; in front of the bed a prie-dieu , borrowed from the oratory .
two portraits in oval frames were fastened to the wall on each side of the bed .
small gilt inscriptions on the plain surface of the cloth at the side of these figures indicated that the portraits represented , one the abbe of chaliot , bishop of saint claude ; the other , the abbe tourteau , vicar-general of agde , abbe of grand-champ , order of citeaux , diocese of chartres .
when the bishop succeeded to this apartment , after the hospital patients , he had found these portraits there , and had left them .
they were priests , and probably donors -- two reasons for respecting them .
all that he knew about these two persons was , that they had been appointed by the king , the one to his bishopric , the other to his benefice , on the same day , the 27th of april , 1785. madame magloire having taken the pictures down to dust , the bishop had discovered these particulars written in whitish ink on a little square of paper , yellowed by time , and attached to the back of the portrait of the abbe of grand-champ with four wafers .
at his window he had an antique curtain of a coarse woollen stuff , which finally became so old , that , in order to avoid the expense of a new one , madame magloire was forced to take a large seam in the very middle of it .
this seam took the form of a cross .
the bishop often called attention to it : how delightful that is !
all the rooms in the house , without exception , those on the ground floor as well as those on the first floor , were white-washed , which is a fashion in barracks and hospitals .
however , in their latter years , madame magloire discovered beneath the paper which had been washed over , paintings , ornamenting the apartment of mademoiselle baptistine , as we shall see further on .
before becoming a hospital , this house had been the ancient parliament house of the bourgeois . hence this decoration .
the chambers were paved in red bricks , which were washed every week , with straw mats in front of all the beds .
altogether , this dwelling , which was attended to by the two women , was exquisitely clean from top to bottom .
this was the sole luxury which the bishop permitted .
he said , that takes nothing from the poor . it must be confessed , however , that he still retained from his former possessions six silver knives and forks and a soup-ladle , which madame magloire contemplated every day with delight , as they glistened splendidly upon the coarse linen cloth .
and since we are now painting the bishop of d -- -- as he was in reality , we must add that he had said more than once , i find it difficult to renounce eating from silver dishes .
to this silverware must be added two large candlesticks of massive silver , which he had inherited from a great-aunt .
these candlesticks held two wax candles , and usually figured on the bishop 's chimney-piece .
when he had any one to dinner , madame magloire lighted the two candles and set the candlesticks on the table .
in the bishop 's own chamber , at the head of his bed , there was a small cupboard , in which madame magloire locked up the six silver knives and forks and the big spoon every night .
but it is necessary to add , that the key was never removed .
the garden , which had been rather spoiled by the ugly buildings which we have mentioned , was composed of four alleys in cross-form , radiating from a tank .
another walk made the circuit of the garden , and skirted the white wall which enclosed it .
these alleys left behind them four square plots rimmed with box .
in three of these , madame magloire cultivated vegetables ; in the fourth , the bishop had planted some flowers ; here and there stood a few fruit-trees .
madame magloire had once remarked , with a sort of gentle malice : monseigneur , you who turn everything to account , have , nevertheless , one useless plot .
madame magloire , retorted the bishop , you are mistaken .
the beautiful is as useful as the useful .
he added after a pause , more so , perhaps .
this plot , consisting of three or four beds , occupied the bishop almost as much as did his books .
he liked to pass an hour or two there , trimming , hoeing , and making holes here and there in the earth , into which he dropped seeds .
he was not as hostile to insects as a gardener could have wished to see him .
moreover , he made no pretensions to botany ; he ignored groups and consistency ; he made not the slightest effort to decide between tournefort and the natural method ; he took part neither with the buds against the cotyledons , nor with jussieu against linnaeus . he did not study plants ; he loved flowers .
he respected learned men greatly ; he respected the ignorant still more ; and , without ever failing in these two respects , he watered his flower-beds every summer evening with a tin watering-pot painted green .
the house had not a single door which could be locked .
the door of the dining-room , which , as we have said , opened directly on the cathedral square , had formerly been ornamented with locks and bolts like the door of a prison .
the bishop had had all this ironwork removed , and this door was never fastened , either by night or by day , with anything except the latch .
all that the first passerby had to do at any hour , was to give it a push .
at first , the two women had been very much tried by this door , which was never fastened , but monsieur de d -- -- had said to them , have bolts put on your rooms , if that will please you .
they had ended by sharing his confidence , or by at least acting as though they shared it .
madame magloire alone had frights from time to time .
as for the bishop , his thought can be found explained , or at least indicated , in the three lines which he wrote on the margin of a bible , this is the shade of difference : the door of the physician should never be shut , the door of the priest should always be open .
on another book , entitled philosophy of the medical science , he had written this other note : am not i a physician like them ?
i also have my patients , and then , too , i have some whom i call my unfortunates .
again he wrote : do not inquire the name of him who asks a shelter of you .
the very man who is embarrassed by his name is the one who needs shelter .
it chanced that a worthy cure , i know not whether it was the cure of couloubroux or the cure of pompierry , took it into his head to ask him one day , probably at the instigation of madame magloire , whether monsieur was sure that he was not committing an indiscretion , to a certain extent , in leaving his door unfastened day and night , at the mercy of any one who should choose to enter , and whether , in short , he did not fear lest some misfortune might occur in a house so little guarded .
the bishop touched his shoulder , with gentle gravity , and said to him , nisi dominus custodierit domum , in vanum vigilant qui custodiunt eam , unless the lord guard the house , in vain do they watch who guard it .
then he spoke of something else .
he was fond of saying , there is a bravery of the priest as well as the bravery of a colonel of dragoons , -- only , he added , ours must be tranquil .
it is here that a fact falls naturally into place , which we must not omit , because it is one of the sort which show us best what sort of a man the bishop of d -- -- was .
after the destruction of the band of gaspard bes , who had infested the gorges of ollioules , one of his lieutenants , cravatte , took refuge in the mountains .
he concealed himself for some time with his bandits , the remnant of gaspard bes 's troop , in the county of nice ; then he made his way to piedmont , and suddenly reappeared in france , in the vicinity of barcelonette .
he was first seen at jauziers , then at tuiles .
he hid himself in the caverns of the joug-de-l'aigle , and thence he descended towards the hamlets and villages through the ravines of ubaye and ubayette .
he even pushed as far as embrun , entered the cathedral one night , and despoiled the sacristy .
his highway robberies laid waste the country-side .
the gendarmes were set on his track , but in vain .
he always escaped ; sometimes he resisted by main force .
he was a bold wretch .
in the midst of all this terror the bishop arrived . he was making his circuit to chastelar .
the mayor came to meet him , and urged him to retrace his steps .
cravatte was in possession of the mountains as far as arche , and beyond ; there was danger even with an escort ; it merely exposed three or four unfortunate gendarmes to no purpose .
therefore , said the bishop , i intend to go without escort .
you do not really mean that , monseigneur !
exclaimed the mayor .
i do mean it so thoroughly that i absolutely refuse any gendarmes , and shall set out in an hour .
monseigneur , you will not do that !
there exists yonder in the mountains , said the bishop , a tiny community no bigger than that , which i have not seen for three years .
they are my good friends , those gentle and honest shepherds .
they own one goat out of every thirty that they tend .
they make very pretty woollen cords of various colors , and they play the mountain airs on little flutes with six holes .
they need to be told of the good god now and then .
what would they say to a bishop who was afraid ?
what would they say if i did not go ?
but the brigands , monseigneur ?
hold , said the bishop , i must think of that .
you are right .
i may meet them .
they , too , need to be told of the good god .
but , monseigneur , there is a band of them !
a flock of wolves !
monsieur le maire , it may be that it is of this very flock of wolves that jesus has constituted me the shepherd .
who knows the ways of providence ?
they will rob you , monseigneur .
i have nothing .
they will kill you .
an old goodman of a priest , who passes along mumbling his prayers ?
to what purpose ?
oh , mon dieu !
what if you should meet them !
i should beg alms of them for my poor .
do not go , monseigneur .
you are risking your life !
monsieur le maire , said the bishop , is that really all ?
i am not in the world to guard my own life , but to guard souls .
they had to allow him to do as he pleased .
he set out , accompanied only by a child who offered to serve as a guide .
his obstinacy was bruited about the country-side , and caused great consternation .
he would take neither his sister nor madame magloire .
he traversed the mountain on mule-back , encountered no one , and arrived safe and sound at the residence of his good friends , the shepherds .
he remained there for a fortnight , preaching , administering the sacrament , teaching , exhorting .
when the time of his departure approached , he resolved to chant a te deum pontifically . he mentioned it to the cure .
but what was to be done ?
there were no episcopal ornaments .
they could only place at his disposal a wretched village sacristy , with a few ancient chasubles of threadbare damask adorned with imitation lace .
said the bishop .
let us announce our te deum from the pulpit , nevertheless , monsieur le cure .
things will arrange themselves .
they instituted a search in the churches of the neighborhood .
all the magnificence of these humble parishes combined would not have sufficed to clothe the chorister of a cathedral properly .
while they were thus embarrassed , a large chest was brought and deposited in the presbytery for the bishop , by two unknown horsemen , who departed on the instant .
the chest was opened ; it contained a cope of cloth of gold , a mitre ornamented with diamonds , an archbishop 's cross , a magnificent crosier , -- all the pontifical vestments which had been stolen a month previously from the treasury of notre dame d'embrun . in the chest was a paper , on which these words were written , from cravatte to monseigneur bienvenu .
did not i say that things would come right of themselves ?
said the bishop .
then he added , with a smile , to him who contents himself with the surplice of a curate , god sends the cope of an archbishop .
monseigneur , murmured the cure , throwing back his head with a smile . god -- or the devil .
the bishop looked steadily at the cure , and repeated with authority , god !
when he returned to chastelar , the people came out to stare at him as at a curiosity , all along the road .
at the priest 's house in chastelar he rejoined mademoiselle baptistine and madame magloire , who were waiting for him , and he said to his sister : well !
was i in the right ?
the poor priest went to his poor mountaineers with empty hands , and he returns from them with his hands full .
i set out bearing only my faith in god ; i have brought back the treasure of a cathedral .
that evening , before he went to bed , he said again : let us never fear robbers nor murderers .
those are dangers from without , petty dangers .
let us fear ourselves .
prejudices are the real robbers ; vices are the real murderers .
the great dangers lie within ourselves .
what matters it what threatens our head or our purse !
let us think only of that which threatens our soul .
then , turning to his sister : sister , never a precaution on the part of the priest , against his fellow-man .
that which his fellow does , god permits .
let us confine ourselves to prayer , when we think that a danger is approaching us .
let us pray , not for ourselves , but that our brother may not fall into sin on our account .
however , such incidents were rare in his life .
we relate those of which we know ; but generally he passed his life in doing the same things at the same moment .
one month of his year resembled one hour of his day .
as to what became of the treasure of the cathedral of embrun , we should be embarrassed by any inquiry in that direction .
it consisted of very handsome things , very tempting things , and things which were very well adapted to be stolen for the benefit of the unfortunate .
stolen they had already been elsewhere . half of the adventure was completed ; it only remained to impart a new direction to the theft , and to cause it to take a short trip in the direction of the poor .
however , we make no assertions on this point .
only , a rather obscure note was found among the bishop 's papers , which may bear some relation to this matter , and which is couched in these terms , the question is , to decide whether this should be turned over to the cathedral or to the hospital .
the senator above mentioned was a clever man , who had made his own way , heedless of those things which present obstacles , and which are called conscience , sworn faith , justice , duty : he had marched straight to his goal , without once flinching in the line of his advancement and his interest .
he was an old attorney , softened by success ; not a bad man by any means , who rendered all the small services in his power to his sons , his sons-in-law , his relations , and even to his friends , having wisely seized upon , in life , good sides , good opportunities , good windfalls .
everything else seemed to him very stupid . he was intelligent , and just sufficiently educated to think himself a disciple of epicurus ; while he was , in reality , only a product of pigault-lebrun . he laughed willingly and pleasantly over infinite and eternal things , and at the crotchets of that good old fellow the bishop .
he even sometimes laughed at him with an amiable authority in the presence of m. myriel himself , who listened to him .
on some semi-official occasion or other , i do not recollect what , count [ this senator ] and m. myriel were to dine with the prefect .
at dessert , the senator , who was slightly exhilarated , though still perfectly dignified , exclaimed : -egad , bishop , let 's have a discussion .
it is hard for a senator and a bishop to look at each other without winking .
we are two augurs .
i am going to make a confession to you .
i have a philosophy of my own .
and you are right , replied the bishop .
as one makes one 's philosophy , so one lies on it .
you are on the bed of purple , senator .
the senator was encouraged , and went on : -let us be good fellows .
good devils even , said the bishop .
i declare to you , continued the senator , that the marquis d'argens , pyrrhon , hobbes , and m. naigeon are no rascals .
i have all the philosophers in my library gilded on the edges .
like yourself , count , interposed the bishop .
the senator resumed : -i hate diderot ; he is an ideologist , a declaimer , and a revolutionist , a believer in god at bottom , and more bigoted than voltaire . voltaire made sport of needham , and he was wrong , for needham 's eels prove that god is useless .
a drop of vinegar in a spoonful of flour paste supplies the fiat lux . suppose the drop to be larger and the spoonful bigger ; you have the world .
man is the eel .
then what is the good of the eternal father ?
the jehovah hypothesis tires me , bishop .
it is good for nothing but to produce shallow people , whose reasoning is hollow .
down with that great all , which torments me !
hurrah for zero which leaves me in peace !
between you and me , and in order to empty my sack , and make confession to my pastor , as it behooves me to do , i will admit to you that i have good sense .
i am not enthusiastic over your jesus , who preaches renunciation and sacrifice to the last extremity .
't is the counsel of an avaricious man to beggars .
i do not see one wolf immolating himself for the happiness of another wolf .
let us stick to nature , then .
we are at the top ; let us have a superior philosophy .
what is the advantage of being at the top , if one sees no further than the end of other people 's noses ?
let us live merrily .
life is all .
that man has another future elsewhere , on high , below , anywhere , i do n't believe ; not one single word of it .
sacrifice and renunciation are recommended to me ; i must take heed to everything i do ; i must cudgel my brains over good and evil , over the just and the unjust , over the fas and the nefas .
because i shall have to render an account of my actions .
what a fine dream !
after my death it will be a very clever person who can catch me .
have a handful of dust seized by a shadow-hand , if you can .
let us tell the truth , we who are initiated , and who have raised the veil of isis : there is no such thing as either good or evil ; there is vegetation .
let us seek the real .
let us get to the bottom of it .
we must scent out the truth ; dig in the earth for it , and seize it .
then it gives you exquisite joys .
then you grow strong , and you laugh .
i am square on the bottom , i am .
immortality , bishop , is a chance , a waiting for dead men 's shoes .
what a charming promise !
we are souls , and we shall be angels , with blue wings on our shoulder-blades .
do come to my assistance : is it not tertullian who says that the blessed shall travel from star to star ?
we shall be the grasshoppers of the stars .
and then , besides , we shall see god .
ta , ta , ta !
what twaddle all these paradises are !
god is a nonsensical monster .
i would not say that in the moniteur , egad !
but i may whisper it among friends .
to sacrifice the world to paradise is to let slip the prey for the shadow .
be the dupe of the infinite !
i 'm not such a fool .
i am a nought .
i call myself monsieur le comte nought , senator .
what am i ?
a little dust collected in an organism .
what am i to do on this earth ?
the choice rests with me : suffer or enjoy .
whither will suffering lead me ?
to nothingness ; but i shall have suffered .
whither will enjoyment lead me ?
to nothingness ; but i shall have enjoyed myself .
my choice is made .
one must eat or be eaten .
it is better to be the tooth than the grass .
such is my wisdom . after which , go whither i push thee , the grave-digger is there ; the pantheon for some of us : all falls into the great hole .
this is the vanishing-point .
death is death , believe me .
i laugh at the idea of there being any one who has anything to tell me on that subject .
fables of nurses ; bugaboo for children ; jehovah for men .
no ; our to-morrow is the night .
beyond the tomb there is nothing but equal nothingness .
you have been sardanapalus , you have been vincent de paul -- it makes no difference . that is the truth .
then live your life , above all things .
make use of your _i_ while you have it .
in truth , bishop , i tell you that i have a philosophy of my own , and i have my philosophers .
i do n't let myself be taken in with that nonsense .
of course , there must be something for those who are down , -- for the barefooted beggars , knife-grinders , and miserable wretches . legends , chimeras , the soul , immortality , paradise , the stars , are provided for them to swallow .
they gobble it down .
they spread it on their dry bread .
he who has nothing else has the good .
that is the least he can have .
i oppose no objection to that ; but i reserve monsieur naigeon for myself .
the good god is good for the populace .
the bishop clapped his hands .
what an excellent and really marvellous thing is this materialism !
not every one who wants it can have it .
when one does have it , one is no longer a dupe , one does not stupidly allow one 's self to be exiled like cato , nor stoned like stephen , nor burned alive like jeanne d'arc . those who have succeeded in procuring this admirable materialism have the joy of feeling themselves irresponsible , and of thinking that they can devour everything without uneasiness , -- places , sinecures , dignities , power , whether well or ill acquired , lucrative recantations , useful treacheries , savory capitulations of conscience , -- and that they shall enter the tomb with their digestion accomplished .
how agreeable that is !
i do not say that with reference to you , senator .
nevertheless , it is impossible for me to refrain from congratulating you .
you great lords have , so you say , a philosophy of your own , and for yourselves , which is exquisite , refined , accessible to the rich alone , good for all sauces , and which seasons the voluptuousness of life admirably .
this philosophy has been extracted from the depths , and unearthed by special seekers .
but you are good-natured princes , and you do not think it a bad thing that belief in the good god should constitute the philosophy of the people , very much as the goose stuffed with chestnuts is the truffled turkey of the poor .
in order to furnish an idea of the private establishment of the bishop of d -- -- , and of the manner in which those two sainted women subordinated their actions , their thoughts , their feminine instincts even , which are easily alarmed , to the habits and purposes of the bishop , without his even taking the trouble of speaking in order to explain them , we can not do better than transcribe in this place a letter from mademoiselle baptistine to madame the vicomtess de boischevron , the friend of her childhood .
this letter is in our possession .
d -- -- , dec. 16 , 18 -- .
my good madam : not a day passes without our speaking of you .
it is our established custom ; but there is another reason besides .
just imagine , while washing and dusting the ceilings and walls , madam magloire has made some discoveries ; now our two chambers hung with antique paper whitewashed over , would not discredit a chateau in the style of yours .
madam magloire has pulled off all the paper .
there were things beneath .
my drawing-room , which contains no furniture , and which we use for spreading out the linen after washing , is fifteen feet in height , eighteen square , with a ceiling which was formerly painted and gilded , and with beams , as in yours .
this was covered with a cloth while this was the hospital .
and the woodwork was of the era of our grandmothers .
but my room is the one you ought to see .
madam magloire has discovered , under at least ten thicknesses of paper pasted on top , some paintings , which without being good are very tolerable .
the subject is telemachus being knighted by minerva in some gardens , the name of which escapes me .
in short , where the roman ladies repaired on one single night .
what shall i say to you ?
i have romans , and roman ladies [ here occurs an illegible word ] , and the whole train .
madam magloire has cleaned it all off ; this summer she is going to have some small injuries repaired , and the whole revarnished , and my chamber will be a regular museum .
she has also found in a corner of the attic two wooden pier-tables of ancient fashion .
they asked us two crowns of six francs each to regild them , but it is much better to give the money to the poor ; and they are very ugly besides , and i should much prefer a round table of mahogany .
i am always very happy .
my brother is so good .
he gives all he has to the poor and sick .
we are very much cramped .
the country is trying in the winter , and we really must do something for those who are in need .
we are almost comfortably lighted and warmed .
you see that these are great treats .
my brother has ways of his own .
when he talks , he says that a bishop ought to be so .
the door of our house is never fastened .
whoever chooses to enter finds himself at once in my brother 's room .
he fears nothing , even at night .
that is his sort of bravery , he says .
he does not wish me or madame magloire feel any fear for him .
he exposes himself to all sorts of dangers , and he does not like to have us even seem to notice it .
one must know how to understand him .
he goes out in the rain , he walks in the water , he travels in winter .
he fears neither suspicious roads nor dangerous encounters , nor night .
year he went quite alone into a country of robbers .
he would not take us .
he was absent for a fortnight .
on his return nothing had happened to him ; he was thought to be dead , but was perfectly well , and said , this is the way i have been robbed !
and then he opened a trunk full of jewels , all the jewels of the cathedral of embrun , which the thieves had given him .
when he returned on that occasion , i could not refrain from scolding him a little , taking care , however , not to speak except when the carriage was making a noise , so that no one might hear me .
at first i used to say to myself , there are no dangers which will stop him ; he is terrible .
now i have ended by getting used to it .
i make a sign to madam magloire that she is not to oppose him .
he risks himself as he sees fit .
i carry off madam magloire , i enter my chamber , i pray for him and fall asleep .
i am at ease , because i know that if anything were to happen to him , it would be the end of me .
i should go to the good god with my brother and my bishop .
it has cost madam magloire more trouble than it did me to accustom herself to what she terms his imprudences .
but now the habit has been acquired .
we pray together , we tremble together , and we fall asleep .
if the devil were to enter this house , he would be allowed to do so .
after all , what is there for us to fear in this house ?
there is always some one with us who is stronger than we .
the devil may pass through it , but the good god dwells here .
this suffices me .
my brother has no longer any need of saying a word to me .
i understand him without his speaking , and we abandon ourselves to the care of providence .
that is the way one has to do with a man who possesses grandeur of soul .
i have interrogated my brother with regard to the information which you desire on the subject of the faux family .
you are aware that he knows everything , and that he has memories , because he is still a very good royalist .
they really are a very ancient norman family of the generalship of caen .
five hundred years ago there was a raoul de faux , a jean de faux , and a thomas de faux , who were gentlemen , and one of whom was a seigneur de rochefort .
the last was guy-etienne-alexandre , and was commander of a regiment , and something in the light horse of bretagne .
his daughter , marie-louise , married adrien-charles de gramont , son of the duke louis de gramont , peer of france , colonel of the french guards , and lieutenant-general of the army .
it is written faux , fauq , and faoucq .
good madame , recommend us to the prayers of your sainted relative , monsieur the cardinal .
as for your dear sylvanie , she has done well in not wasting the few moments which she passes with you in writing to me .
she is well , works as you would wish , and loves me .
that is all that i desire .
the souvenir which she sent through you reached me safely , and it makes me very happy .
my health is not so very bad , and yet i grow thinner every day .
farewell ; my paper is at an end , and this forces me to leave you .
a thousand good wishes .
your grand nephew is charming .
do you know that he will soon be five years old ?
yesterday he saw some one riding by on horseback who had on knee-caps , and he said , what has he got on his knees ?
he is a charming child !
his little brother is dragging an old broom about the room , like a carriage , and saying , hu !
as will be perceived from this letter , these two women understood how to mould themselves to the bishop 's ways with that special feminine genius which comprehends the man better than he comprehends himself .
the bishop of d -- -- , in spite of the gentle and candid air which never deserted him , sometimes did things that were grand , bold , and magnificent , without seeming to have even a suspicion of the fact .
they trembled , but they let him alone .
sometimes madame magloire essayed a remonstrance in advance , but never at the time , nor afterwards .
they never interfered with him by so much as a word or sign , in any action once entered upon .
at certain moments , without his having occasion to mention it , when he was not even conscious of it himself in all probability , so perfect was his simplicity , they vaguely felt that he was acting as a bishop ; then they were nothing more than two shadows in the house .
they served him passively ; and if obedience consisted in disappearing , they disappeared .
they understood , with an admirable delicacy of instinct , that certain cares may be put under constraint .
thus , even when believing him to be in peril , they understood , i will not say his thought , but his nature , to such a degree that they no longer watched over him .
they confided him to god .
moreover , baptistine said , as we have just read , that her brother 's end would prove her own .
madame magloire did not say this , but she knew it .
at an epoch a little later than the date of the letter cited in the preceding pages , he did a thing which , if the whole town was to be believed , was even more hazardous than his trip across the mountains infested with bandits .
in the country near d -- -- a man lived quite alone .
this man , we will state at once , was a former member of the convention .
his name was g -- -member of the convention , g -- -- was mentioned with a sort of horror in the little world of d -- -- a member of the convention -- can you imagine such a thing ?
that existed from the time when people called each other thou , and when they said citizen .
this man was almost a monster .
he had not voted for the death of the king , but almost .
he was a quasi-regicide . he had been a terrible man .
how did it happen that such a man had not been brought before a provost 's court , on the return of the legitimate princes ?
they need not have cut off his head , if you please ; clemency must be exercised , agreed ; but a good banishment for life .
an example , in short , etc .
besides , he was an atheist , like all the rest of those people .
gossip of the geese about the vulture .
was g -- -- a vulture after all ?
yes ; if he were to be judged by the element of ferocity in this solitude of his .
as he had not voted for the death of the king , he had not been included in the decrees of exile , and had been able to remain in france .
he dwelt at a distance of three-quarters of an hour from the city , far from any hamlet , far from any road , in some hidden turn of a very wild valley , no one knew exactly where .
he had there , it was said , a sort of field , a hole , a lair .
there were no neighbors , not even passers-by .
since he had dwelt in that valley , the path which led thither had disappeared under a growth of grass .
nevertheless , the bishop meditated on the subject , and from time to time he gazed at the horizon at a point where a clump of trees marked the valley of the former member of the convention , and he said , there is a soul yonder which is lonely .
and he added , deep in his own mind , i owe him a visit .
but , let us avow it , this idea , which seemed natural at the first blush , appeared to him after a moment 's reflection , as strange , impossible , and almost repulsive .
for , at bottom , he shared the general impression , and the old member of the convention inspired him , without his being clearly conscious of the fact himself , with that sentiment which borders on hate , and which is so well expressed by the word estrangement .
still , should the scab of the sheep cause the shepherd to recoil ?
but what a sheep !
the good bishop was perplexed .
sometimes he set out in that direction ; then he returned .
finally , the rumor one day spread through the town that a sort of young shepherd , who served the member of the convention in his hovel , had come in quest of a doctor ; that the old wretch was dying , that paralysis was gaining on him , and that he would not live over night. -- thank god !
the bishop took his staff , put on his cloak , on account of his too threadbare cassock , as we have mentioned , and because of the evening breeze which was sure to rise soon , and set out .
the sun was setting , and had almost touched the horizon when the bishop arrived at the excommunicated spot .
with a certain beating of the heart , he recognized the fact that he was near the lair .
he strode over a ditch , leaped a hedge , made his way through a fence of dead boughs , entered a neglected paddock , took a few steps with a good deal of boldness , and suddenly , at the extremity of the waste land , and behind lofty brambles , he caught sight of the cavern .
it was a very low hut , poor , small , and clean , with a vine nailed against the outside .
near the door , in an old wheel-chair , the arm-chair of the peasants , there was a white-haired man , smiling at the sun .
near the seated man stood a young boy , the shepherd lad .
he was offering the old man a jar of milk .
while the bishop was watching him , the old man spoke : thank you , he said , i need nothing .
and his smile quitted the sun to rest upon the child .
the bishop stepped forward .
at the sound which he made in walking , the old man turned his head , and his face expressed the sum total of the surprise which a man can still feel after a long life .
this is the first time since i have been here , said he , that any one has entered here .
who are you , sir ?
the bishop answered : -my name is bienvenu myriel .
i have heard that name .
are you the man whom the people call monseigneur welcome ?
the old man resumed with a half-smile in that case , you are my bishop ?
something of that sort .
the member of the convention extended his hand to the bishop , but the bishop did not take it .
the bishop confined himself to the remark : -i am pleased to see that i have been misinformed .
you certainly do not seem to me to be ill. monsieur , replied the old man , i am going to recover .
he paused , and then said : -i shall die three hours hence .
then he continued : -i am something of a doctor ; i know in what fashion the last hour draws on .
yesterday , only my feet were cold ; to-day , the chill has ascended to my knees ; now i feel it mounting to my waist ; when it reaches the heart , i shall stop .
the sun is beautiful , is it not ?
i had myself wheeled out here to take a last look at things .
you can talk to me ; it does not fatigue me .
you have done well to come and look at a man who is on the point of death .
one has one 's caprices ; i should have liked to last until the dawn , but i know that i shall hardly live three hours .
it will be night then .
what does it matter , after all ?
dying is a simple affair .
one has no need of the light for that .
so be it .
i shall die by starlight .
the old man turned to the shepherd lad : -go to thy bed ; thou wert awake all last night ; thou art tired .
the child entered the hut .
the old man followed him with his eyes , and added , as though speaking to himself : -i shall die while he sleeps .
the two slumbers may be good neighbors .
the bishop was not touched as it seems that he should have been .
he did not think he discerned god in this manner of dying ; let us say the whole , for these petty contradictions of great hearts must be indicated like the rest : he , who on occasion , was so fond of laughing at his grace , was rather shocked at not being addressed as monseigneur , and he was almost tempted to retort citizen .
he was assailed by a fancy for peevish familiarity , common enough to doctors and priests , but which was not habitual with him .
this man , after all , this member of the convention , this representative of the people , had been one of the powerful ones of the earth ; for the first time in his life , probably , the bishop felt in a mood to be severe .
meanwhile , the member of the convention had been surveying him with a modest cordiality , in which one could have distinguished , possibly , that humility which is so fitting when one is on the verge of returning to dust .
the bishop , on his side , although he generally restrained his curiosity , which , in his opinion , bordered on a fault , could not refrain from examining the member of the convention with an attention which , as it did not have its course in sympathy , would have served his conscience as a matter of reproach , in connection with any other man .
a member of the convention produced on him somewhat the effect of being outside the pale of the law , even of the law of charity .
g -- -- , calm , his body almost upright , his voice vibrating , was one of those octogenarians who form the subject of astonishment to the physiologist .
the revolution had many of these men , proportioned to the epoch .
in this old man one was conscious of a man put to the proof .
though so near to his end , he preserved all the gestures of health .
in his clear glance , in his firm tone , in the robust movement of his shoulders , there was something calculated to disconcert death .
azrael , the mohammedan angel of the sepulchre , would have turned back , and thought that he had mistaken the door .
g -- -- seemed to be dying because he willed it so .
there was freedom in his agony .
his legs alone were motionless .
it was there that the shadows held him fast .
his feet were cold and dead , but his head survived with all the power of life , and seemed full of light .
g -- -- , at this solemn moment , resembled the king in that tale of the orient who was flesh above and marble below .
there was a stone there .
the bishop sat down .
the exordium was abrupt .
i congratulate you , said he , in the tone which one uses for a reprimand .
you did not vote for the death of the king , after all .
the old member of the convention did not appear to notice the bitter meaning underlying the words after all . the smile had quite disappeared from his face .
do not congratulate me too much , sir . i did vote for the death of the tyrant .
it was the tone of austerity answering the tone of severity .
what do you mean to say ?
resumed the bishop .
i mean to say that man has a tyrant , -- ignorance .
i voted for the death of that tyrant .
that tyrant engendered royalty , which is authority falsely understood , while science is authority rightly understood .
man should be governed only by science .
and conscience , added the bishop .
it is the same thing .
conscience is the quantity of innate science which we have within us .
monseigneur bienvenu listened in some astonishment to this language , which was very new to him .
the member of the convention resumed : -so far as louis xvi . was concerned , i said no .
i did not think that i had the right to kill a man ; but i felt it my duty to exterminate evil .
i voted the end of the tyrant , that is to say , the end of prostitution for woman , the end of slavery for man , the end of night for the child .
in voting for the republic , i voted for that .
i voted for fraternity , concord , the dawn .
i have aided in the overthrow of prejudices and errors . the crumbling away of prejudices and errors causes light .
we have caused the fall of the old world , and the old world , that vase of miseries , has become , through its upsetting upon the human race , an urn of joy .
mixed joy , said the bishop .
you may say troubled joy , and to-day , after that fatal return of the past , which is called 1814 , joy which has disappeared !
the work was incomplete , i admit : we demolished the ancient regime in deeds ; we were not able to suppress it entirely in ideas .
to destroy abuses is not sufficient ; customs must be modified .
the mill is there no longer ; the wind is still there .
it may be of use to demolish , but i distrust a demolition complicated with wrath .
right has its wrath , bishop ; and the wrath of right is an element of progress .
in any case , and in spite of whatever may be said , the french revolution is the most important step of the human race since the advent of christ .
incomplete , it may be , but sublime .
it set free all the unknown social quantities ; it softened spirits , it calmed , appeased , enlightened ; it caused the waves of civilization to flow over the earth .
it was a good thing .
the french revolution is the consecration of humanity .
the bishop could not refrain from murmuring : -yes ?
the member of the convention straightened himself up in his chair with an almost lugubrious solemnity , and exclaimed , so far as a dying man is capable of exclamation : -ah , there you go ; '93 !
i was expecting that word .
a cloud had been forming for the space of fifteen hundred years ; at the end of fifteen hundred years it burst .
you are putting the thunderbolt on its trial .
the bishop felt , without , perhaps , confessing it , that something within him had suffered extinction .
nevertheless , he put a good face on the matter .
he replied : -the judge speaks in the name of justice ; the priest speaks in the name of pity , which is nothing but a more lofty justice .
a thunderbolt should commit no error .
and he added , regarding the member of the convention steadily the while , louis xvii .
the conventionary stretched forth his hand and grasped the bishop 's arm .
let us see .
for whom do you mourn ?
is it for the innocent child ?
very good ; in that case i mourn with you .
is it for the royal child ?
to me , the brother of cartouche , an innocent child who was hung up by the armpits in the place de greve , until death ensued , for the sole crime of having been the brother of cartouche , is no less painful than the grandson of louis xv. , an innocent child , martyred in the tower of the temple , for the sole crime of having been grandson of louis xv .
monsieur , said the bishop , i like not this conjunction of names .
to which of the two do you object ?
a momentary silence ensued .
the bishop almost regretted having come , and yet he felt vaguely and strangely shaken .
the conventionary resumed : -ah , monsieur priest , you love not the crudities of the true .
christ loved them .
he seized a rod and cleared out the temple .
his scourge , full of lightnings , was a harsh speaker of truths .
when he cried , sinite parvulos , he made no distinction between the little children .
it would not have embarrassed him to bring together the dauphin of barabbas and the dauphin of herod . innocence , monsieur , is its own crown .
innocence has no need to be a highness .
it is as august in rags as in fleurs de lys .
that is true , said the bishop in a low voice .
i persist , continued the conventionary g -- -- you have mentioned louis xvii .
let us come to an understanding . shall we weep for all the innocent , all martyrs , all children , the lowly as well as the exalted ?
i agree to that .
but in that case , as i have told you , we must go back further than '93 , and our tears must begin before louis xvii .
i will weep with you over the children of kings , provided that you will weep with me over the children of the people .
i weep for all , said the bishop .
exclaimed conventionary g -- -- ; and if the balance must incline , let it be on the side of the people . they have been suffering longer .
another silence ensued .
the conventionary was the first to break it .
he raised himself on one elbow , took a bit of his cheek between his thumb and his forefinger , as one does mechanically when one interrogates and judges , and appealed to the bishop with a gaze full of all the forces of the death agony .
it was almost an explosion .
yes , sir , the people have been suffering a long while .
that is not all , either ; why have you just questioned me and talked to me about louis xvii .
i know you not .
ever since i have been in these parts i have dwelt in this enclosure alone , never setting foot outside , and seeing no one but that child who helps me .
your name has reached me in a confused manner , it is true , and very badly pronounced , i must admit ; but that signifies nothing : clever men have so many ways of imposing on that honest goodman , the people .
by the way , i did not hear the sound of your carriage ; you have left it yonder , behind the coppice at the fork of the roads , no doubt .
i do not know you , i tell you .
you have told me that you are the bishop ; but that affords me no information as to your moral personality .
in short , i repeat my question . who are you ?
you are a bishop ; that is to say , a prince of the church , one of those gilded men with heraldic bearings and revenues , who have vast prebends , -- the bishopric of d -- -- fifteen thousand francs settled income , ten thousand in perquisites ; total , twenty-five thousand francs , -- who have kitchens , who have liveries , who make good cheer , who eat moor-hens on friday , who strut about , a lackey before , a lackey behind , in a gala coach , and who have palaces , and who roll in their carriages in the name of jesus christ who went barefoot !
you are a prelate , -- revenues , palace , horses , servants , good table , all the sensualities of life ; you have this like the rest , and like the rest , you enjoy it ; it is well ; but this says either too much or too little ; this does not enlighten me upon the intrinsic and essential value of the man who comes with the probable intention of bringing wisdom to me .
to whom do i speak ?
who are you ?
the bishop hung his head and replied , vermis sum -- i am a worm .
a worm of the earth in a carriage ?
it was the conventionary 's turn to be arrogant , and the bishop 's to be humble .
the bishop resumed mildly : -so be it , sir .
but explain to me how my carriage , which is a few paces off behind the trees yonder , how my good table and the moor-hens which i eat on friday , how my twenty-five thousand francs income , how my palace and my lackeys prove that clemency is not a duty , and that '93 was not inexorable .
the conventionary passed his hand across his brow , as though to sweep away a cloud .
before replying to you , he said , i beseech you to pardon me .
i have just committed a wrong , sir .
you are at my house , you are my guest , i owe you courtesy .
you discuss my ideas , and it becomes me to confine myself to combating your arguments .
your riches and your pleasures are advantages which i hold over you in the debate ; but good taste dictates that i shall not make use of them .
i promise you to make no use of them in the future .
i thank you , said the bishop .
let us return to the explanation which you have asked of me .
where were we ?
what were you saying to me ?
that '93 was inexorable ?
inexorable ; yes , said the bishop .
what think you of marat clapping his hands at the guillotine ?
what think you of bossuet chanting the te deum over the dragonnades ?
the retort was a harsh one , but it attained its mark with the directness of a point of steel .
the bishop quivered under it ; no reply occurred to him ; but he was offended by this mode of alluding to bossuet .
the best of minds will have their fetiches , and they sometimes feel vaguely wounded by the want of respect of logic .
the conventionary began to pant ; the asthma of the agony which is mingled with the last breaths interrupted his voice ; still , there was a perfect lucidity of soul in his eyes .
he went on : -let me say a few words more in this and that direction ; i am willing .
apart from the revolution , which , taken as a whole , is an immense human affirmation , '93 is , alas !
you think it inexorable , sir ; but what of the whole monarchy , sir ?
carrier is a bandit ; but what name do you give to montrevel ?
fouquier-tainville is a rascal ; but what is your opinion as to lamoignon-baville ?
duchene senior is ferocious ; but what epithet will you allow me for the elder letellier ?
jourdan-coupe-tete is a monster ; but not so great a one as m. the marquis de louvois .
sir , sir , i am sorry for marie antoinette , archduchess and queen ; but i am also sorry for that poor huguenot woman , who , in 1685 , under louis the great , sir , while with a nursing infant , was bound , naked to the waist , to a stake , and the child kept at a distance ; her breast swelled with milk and her heart with anguish ; the little one , hungry and pale , beheld that breast and cried and agonized ; the executioner said to the woman , a mother and a nurse , abjure !
giving her her choice between the death of her infant and the death of her conscience .
what say you to that torture of tantalus as applied to a mother ?
bear this well in mind sir : the french revolution had its reasons for existence ; its wrath will be absolved by the future ; its result is the world made better .
from its most terrible blows there comes forth a caress for the human race .
i abridge , i stop , i have too much the advantage ; moreover , i am dying .
and ceasing to gaze at the bishop , the conventionary concluded his thoughts in these tranquil words : -yes , the brutalities of progress are called revolutions .
when they are over , this fact is recognized , -- that the human race has been treated harshly , but that it has progressed .
the conventionary doubted not that he had successively conquered all the inmost intrenchments of the bishop .
one remained , however , and from this intrenchment , the last resource of monseigneur bienvenu 's resistance , came forth this reply , wherein appeared nearly all the harshness of the beginning : -progress should believe in god .
good can not have an impious servitor .
he who is an atheist is but a bad leader for the human race .
the former representative of the people made no reply .
he was seized with a fit of trembling .
he looked towards heaven , and in his glance a tear gathered slowly .
when the eyelid was full , the tear trickled down his livid cheek , and he said , almost in a stammer , quite low , and to himself , while his eyes were plunged in the depths : -o thou !
thou alone existest !
the bishop experienced an indescribable shock .
after a pause , the old man raised a finger heavenward and said : -the infinite is .
he is there .
if the infinite had no person , person would be without limit ; it would not be infinite ; in other words , it would not exist .
there is , then , an _i_ .
that _i_ of the infinite is god .
the dying man had pronounced these last words in a loud voice , and with the shiver of ecstasy , as though he beheld some one .
when he had spoken , his eyes closed .
the effort had exhausted him .
it was evident that he had just lived through in a moment the few hours which had been left to him .
that which he had said brought him nearer to him who is in death .
the supreme moment was approaching .
the bishop understood this ; time pressed ; it was as a priest that he had come : from extreme coldness he had passed by degrees to extreme emotion ; he gazed at those closed eyes , he took that wrinkled , aged and ice-cold hand in his , and bent over the dying man . this hour is the hour of god .
do you not think that it would be regrettable if we had met in vain ?
the conventionary opened his eyes again .
a gravity mingled with gloom was imprinted on his countenance .
bishop , said he , with a slowness which probably arose more from his dignity of soul than from the failing of his strength , i have passed my life in meditation , study , and contemplation .
i was sixty years of age when my country called me and commanded me to concern myself with its affairs .
abuses existed , i combated them ; tyrannies existed , i destroyed them ; rights and principles existed , i proclaimed and confessed them .
our territory was invaded , i defended it ; france was menaced , i offered my breast .
i was not rich ; i am poor .
i have been one of the masters of the state ; the vaults of the treasury were encumbered with specie to such a degree that we were forced to shore up the walls , which were on the point of bursting beneath the weight of gold and silver ; i dined in dead tree street , at twenty-two sous .
i have succored the oppressed , i have comforted the suffering .
i tore the cloth from the altar , it is true ; but it was to bind up the wounds of my country .
i have always upheld the march forward of the human race , forward towards the light , and i have sometimes resisted progress without pity .
i have , when the occasion offered , protected my own adversaries , men of your profession .
and there is at peteghem , in flanders , at the very spot where the merovingian kings had their summer palace , a convent of urbanists , the abbey of sainte claire en beaulieu , which i saved in 1793. i have done my duty according to my powers , and all the good that i was able .
after which , i was hunted down , pursued , persecuted , blackened , jeered at , scorned , cursed , proscribed .
for many years past , i with my white hair have been conscious that many people think they have the right to despise me ; to the poor ignorant masses i present the visage of one damned . and i accept this isolation of hatred , without hating any one myself .
now i am eighty-six years old ; i am on the point of death .
what is it that you have come to ask of me ?
your blessing , said the bishop . and he knelt down .
when the bishop raised his head again , the face of the conventionary had become august .
he had just expired .
the bishop returned home , deeply absorbed in thoughts which can not be known to us .
he passed the whole night in prayer .
on the following morning some bold and curious persons attempted to speak to him about member of the convention g -- -- ; he contented himself with pointing heavenward .
from that moment he redoubled his tenderness and brotherly feeling towards all children and sufferers .
any allusion to that old wretch of a g -- -- caused him to fall into a singular preoccupation .
no one could say that the passage of that soul before his , and the reflection of that grand conscience upon his , did not count for something in his approach to perfection .
this pastoral visit naturally furnished an occasion for a murmur of comment in all the little local coteries . was the bedside of such a dying man as that the proper place for a bishop ?
there was evidently no conversion to be expected .
all those revolutionists are backsliders .
then why go there ?
what was there to be seen there ?
