look in on me , and talk with me , or i ’ ll attack even without a weapon .
what ’ s the matter ?
look , i have a weapon , the best sword a soldier could have .
i ’ ve fought my way through obstacles twenty times more terrifying than you with this weapon .
who can control his fate ?
i ’ m not like that now .
don ’ t be afraid , even though you see me with a weapon .
this is the end of my journey , the end of my life .
are you backing away in fear ?
there ’ s no reason to be afraid .
where would othello go ? —oh , look at you !
you ’ re as pale as your nightgown !
you ’ re cold , cold , and you were never hot with lust .
whip me , you devils , so i don ’ t have to look at this heavenly sight !
where is that poor rash man ?
you mean the man who used to be othello ?
where ’ s that snake ?
i don ’ t like it that you knew about this , iago .
damn it , you ’ re not listening to me !
you told me you hated him .
but that ’ s just a fairy tale .
if you are a devil , i won ’ t be able to kill you .
take his sword away from him .
i ’ m bleeding , but you didn ’ t kill me .
i ’ m not sorry , either .
i want you to live , since to me , death is happiness .
this poor guy ’ s partly confessed his plan .
did you plan cassio ’ s death with him ?
dear general , i never gave you any reason to hate me .
i believe you , and i ask you to forgive me .
will you please make this half-devil say why he tricked me and damned my soul ?
don ’ t ask me anything .
you know what you know .
from this moment on , i ’ ll never say another word .
what , not even to pray ?
well , do your best .
this one talks about how roderigo should kill cassio .
oh , you wicked scoundrel !
cassio , how did you get my wife ’ s handkerchief ?
you ’ re stripped of your power and your command , and cassio will govern cyprus .
you ’ ll remain a prisoner until we bring your crimes to the venetian government.—okay , take him away .
when you record these sad events in your letters , please describe me exactly as i am .
don ’ t tone things down or exaggerate them out of hostility .
oh , what a bloody end to all this !
everything we ’ ve heard is bad .
what do you think about this change ?
they can ’ t have changed ; there ’ s no way this could be true .
it ’ s a trick to confuse us .
here ’ s some more news coming in .
that ’ s just what i thought .
how many , can you guess ?
now they ’ ve turned around and are clearly heading for cyprus .
then it ’ s certain they ’ re heading for cyprus .
is marcus luccicos in town ?
no , he ’ s in florence .
here come brabantio and the brave moor .
forgive me , your grace .
why , what ’ s the matter ?
it ’ s my daughter !
she ’ s dead to me .
i humbly thank you , sir .
we ’ re sorry to hear this .
nothing , but this is true .
there ’ s nothing more .
i ’ m awkward in my speech and i ’ m not a smooth talker .
she blushes at the slightest thing .
the devil must be behind this .
therefore i say again that he must have used some powerful drug or magic potion on her .
or did you agree to this as equals ?
you know where she is .
when i talked about all these things , desdemona used to listen attentively .
i took the hint and spoke to her .
that ’ s the only witchcraft i ever used .
here comes my wife now .
she ’ ll confirm everything .
i think a story like that would win my own daughter over .
if she admits she wanted this , then i won ’ t blame othello.—come here , my child .
who do you obey here ?
father , this isn ’ t easy for me .
you ’ re the one i have to obey .
i ’ m your daughter .
i ’ m finished , then .
duke , please go ahead with your state business .
i ’ d rather adopt a child than have one of my own.—come here , moor .
you would have made me treat them like a tyrant.—i ’ m done , my lord .
please , i ’ m asking you , go ahead and get back to your state affairs .
the turks are heading for cyprus with a powerful fleet .
she can stay at her father ’ s house .
i won ’ t allow it .
dear duke , please listen to what i have to say .
what do you want to do , desdemona ?
when i fell in love with othello i made up my mind that i wanted to live with him .
i saw othello ’ s true face when i saw his mind .
let me go with him .
please allow her to do this .
you can decide that privately .
what ’ s important is the urgency of this mission .
you ’ ll have to leave tonight .
with all my heart , i ’ ll go right away .
we ’ ll meet again at nine in the morning .
he ’ ll accompany my wife , and bring whatever else you think i might need .
which any peace-lover can do .
his military understanding is all theory , no practice .
and there ’ s nothing i can do about it .
that ’ s the curse of military service .
now , you tell me : should i feel loyal to the moor ?
if you don ’ t like him you should quit .
i ’ m serving under him to take advantage of him .
we can ’ t all be masters , and not all masters should be followed .
they ought to be whipped for being so stupid .
keep an eye on her , moor .
she lied to me , and she may lie to you .
iago , i ’ m leaving my dear desdemona with you .
have your wife attend to her , and bring them along as soon as you can .
we ’ re on a tight schedule .
what do you have to say , noble friend ?
what do you think i should do ?
go to bed , and sleep .
i ’ m going to go drown myself .
if you do that , i ’ ll never respect you again .
why , you silly man !
can ’ t help it ?
what we are is up to us .
our bodies are like gardens and our willpower is like the gardener .
thankfully , we have reason to cool our raging lusts .
i don ’ t believe it .
you feel love because you feel lust and you have no willpower .
come on , be a man .
drowning is for cats or blind puppies—don ’ t drown yourself !
i ’ ve told you i ’ m your friend , and i ’ ll stick by you .
i ’ ve never been more useful to you than i will be now .
here ’ s what you ’ ll do .
moors are moody people.—so sell your lands and raise a lot of cash .
what seems sweet to him now will soon turn bitter .
she ’ ll have to have it .
so have your money ready .
if you want to go to hell , there are better ways to do it than killing yourself .
raise all the money you can .
and to hell with drowning yourself !
that ’ s completely beside the point .
go now and get cash .
i told you before , and i ’ ll tell you again and again : i hate the moor .
so let ’ s join forces and get revenge .
we ’ ll speak again tomorrow .
where will we meet in the morning ?
i ’ ll be there early .
no more talk about killing yourself , okay ?
i ’ ve changed my mind about that .
put a lot of cash together .
i ’ m going to sell all my land .
that ’ s how i always do it , getting money from fools .
i ’ m not sure it ’ s true , but just the suspicion is enough for me .
he thinks highly of me .
cassio ’ s a handsome man .
let ’ s see , how can i
get his position and use him to hurt othello at the same time ?
i ’ ve worked it out .
what can you see out on the ocean ?
it was windy on shore too .
a big blast of wind shook our fortifications .
what do you think will be the result of this storm ?
the turkish navy will be broken up .
i ’ ve never seen the waters so disturbed .
if the turkish fleet isn ’ t protected in some harbor , their men must all be drowned .
no ship could survive this storm .
i ’ ve got news , boys , the war ’ s over !
this terrible storm has smashed the turks so badly that their plans are ruined .
one of our ships has reported that it saw most of their fleet shipwrecked .
michael cassio , lieutenant of the moor othello , has arrived on shore .
the moor himself is still at sea .
i ’ m happy about that .
he ’ ll be a good governor .
the two of them were separated during the storm .
i hope to god othello ’ s all right .
let ’ s do that .
every minute we expect more ships to arrive .
thanks , you brave men who defend this island and respect othello .
i hope heaven protects him from the weather , because i lost sight of him on the stormy sea .
yes , it ’ s well built , and the ship ’ s pilot is very expert and experienced .
what ’ s all that shouting about ?
please go find out for certain who has arrived .
i ’ ll do that .
good lieutenant , is your general married ?
a man named iago , the general ’ s ensign .
look , the precious desdemona has arrived on shore .
we should all kneel before her , men of cyprus !
greetings , my lady , and may god always be with you .
thank you , brave cassio .
is there any news about my husband ?
he hasn ’ t arrived yet .
as far as i know , he ’ s okay and will arrive here soon .
oh , but i ’ m worried .
how did you two get separated ?
go find out the news .
i ’ m not who i appear to be .
do it , and shout like the city ’ s on fire .
check on your daughter , your house , your money !
she ’ s always talking when i want to sleep .
i admit that in front of you , my lady , she keeps a bit quiet .
you have no reason to say that .
come on , come on .
in your own kitchens you act like wildcats .
shame on you , you slanderer !
no , it ’ s true , or if it ’ s not , i ’ m a villain .
you wake up to have fun , and you start work when you go to bed .
no , i don ’ t .
but if you had to say something nice about me , what would you say ?
don ’ t make me do it , my lady .
i ’ m critical by nature .
i ’ m not as happy as i seem .
come on , what would you say about me ?
this is getting worse and worse !
what if she ’ s pretty but stupid ?
you don ’ t know a thing !
you give your best praise to the worst women .
would raise babies and clip coupons .
oh , that ’ s pathetic !
don ’ t listen to him , emilia , even though he ’ s your husband .
what do you think about him , cassio ?
isn ’ t he a horrible man ?
he speaks bluntly , madam .
he ’ s more of a soldier than a wise man .
let ’ s go greet him when he lands .
look , here he comes .
i ’ m amazed you got here before me .
but i ’ m overjoyed !
god willing , our love and our happiness will only increase as we get older .
i can ’ t talk about my happiness anymore .
it ’ s too much .
let ’ s go up to the castle .
the war ’ s over and the turks are drowned .
and bring the ship ’ s captain to the castle .
he ’ s a good man.—let ’ s go , desdemona .
meet me down at the harbor.—come here .
lieutenant cassio will be on guard duty tonight .
but first , i have to tell you that desdemona ’ s completely in love with him .
be quiet and listen to me .
othello isn ’ t any of those things .
i can ’ t believe that .
she ’ s very moral .
they were lusting after each other .
but listen to me ; let me guide you .
i brought you here from venice .
be on guard duty tonight .
cassio doesn ’ t know you .
i ’ ll be nearby .
he ’ s hot-tempered , and he might try to hit you with his staff .
try to get him to do that .
to get what you want , you need to get cassio out of the way .
i ’ ll do it , if you help me out .
meet me in a little while at the citadel .
i need to get othello ’ s things from the ship .
i won ’ t be satisfied until i get even with him , wife for wife .
for besides the good news , we are also celebrating his marriage .
that ’ s the end of the announcement .
there will be a feast from five o'clock until eleven .
god bless the island of cyprus and our noble general othello !
iago ’ s a good man .
come talk to me tomorrow as early as you can.—come with me , my dear love .
it ’ s time for us to stand guard .
the general got rid of us early tonight so he could be with desdemona.—i can ’ t blame him .
what ’ s the reason for this horrible shouting ?
what ’ s the matter ?
sir , is everyone in your family at home ?
why are you asking me that ?
for god ’ s sake , sir , you ’ ve been robbed .
your heart ’ s going to break .
it ’ s like half your soul ’ s been ripped out .
at this very minute an old black ram is having sex with your little white lamb .
wake up , wake up , ring a bell and wake up all the snoring citizens .
get up , i tell you !
do you recognize my voice , noble lord ?
my name ’ s roderigo .
i told you not to hang around my house .
i ’ ve already told you quite plainly that my daughter will never marry you .
yes , she ’ s young and tender .
but she ’ s modest and ladylike too .
and when she speaks , doesn ’ t her voice stir up passion ?
she ’ s a perfect woman , it ’ s true .
well , good luck to them tonight in bed !
i ’ m not much of a drinker .
i wish there was less social pressure to drink .
oh , but these are our friends .
i ’ ll do most of the drinking for you .
what are you talking about , man ?
i ’ ll do it , but i don ’ t like it .
if the future turns out as i hope it will , i ’ m all set for success .
my god , they ’ ve given me a lot to drink .
no , it was a little one , not more than a pint .
my god , what a great song !
i learned it in england , where they have a talent for drinking .
are englishmen really such heavy drinkers ?
they drink danes under the table , and it takes them no effort at all to out-drink germans .
let ’ s drink to our general !
i ’ ll drink as much as you do !
god , that song ’ s even better than the other one .
do you want to hear it again ?
no , because we shouldn ’ t be doing that—stuff .
that ’ s true , lieutenant .
speaking for myself—and no offense to the general or anyone else—i hope i ’ m going to heaven .
okay , but please not before me .
the lieutenant has to get to heaven before the ensign .
by the way , i don ’ t want anyone thinking i ’ m drunk .
i ’ m not drunk .
i can stand well enough , and i can speak just fine .
yes , you ’ re speaking very well .
so don ’ t think that i ’ m drunk .
it ’ s too bad .
but is he often like this ?
he drinks like this every night before he goes to sleep .
he ’ d stay up all night and all day if he didn ’ t drink himself to sleep .
the general should be informed about this .
don ’ t you think so ?
we should definitely say something to the moor .
now i ’ ve done a good day ’ s work .
you must all keep up this united front .
don ’ t simply hide your hatred .
swear your love for each other .
on my honor , i swear i love rivers with all my heart .
and i love hastings with all my heart .
take my hand , hastings .
dorset , embrace hastings.—hastings , express your affection for the marquess of dorset .
i swear i will never break this promise of love .
and so do i , my lord .
noble buckingham , your promise is like medicine to my ailing heart .
and just in time , here he comes with sir richard ratcliffe .
good morning to my sovereign king and queen .
happy indeed , the way we have spent the day .
what blessed work , my king .
i hate it and want all good men ’ s love .
today shall always be remembered as a holy day .
if only all struggles ended this well .
please pardon our brother clarence .
why , madam , have i offered you my love only to be flouted in front of the king ?
who doesn ’ t know that the good duke is dead ?
who doesn ’ t know he ’ s dead ?
oh my god , what a terrible world this is !
do i look as pale as everyone else does , lord dorset ?
but i reversed the death sentence .
well , the poor man died by your first order , which was carried by a winged messenger .
some tardy cripple must have taken the counter-order , who came after clarence was already buried .
my soul is full of sorrow .
i will not rise until your highness hears me .
then hurry up and tell me what you want .
we know you have a job to do , brakenbury , and we ’ ll do what you say .
it doesn ’ t make either of us happy , i know .
well , your imprisonment won ’ t last long .
in the meantime , be patient .
go walk the path that you will never return from .
but who ’ s coming ?
good afternoon , my dear lord !
the same to you , my lord !
welcome to the open air again .
how did you tolerate prison ?
but his punishment was bitter death .
who pleaded with me to pardon
this is what happens when you act rashly .
oh , they continually urged the king to do it .
but come , lords , will you come with me to edward ’ s room to comfort him ?
we ’ ll come with you , your grace .
tell me , good grandmother , is our father dead ?
my pretty children , both of you misunderstand me .
so you ’ re admitting clarence , my father , is dead .
my uncle the king is to blame for this .
quiet , children , quiet .
the king loves you very much .
innocent sweethearts , you have no idea who ’ s responsible for your father ’ s death .
you think my uncle was lying , grandmother ?
i can ’ t believe that .
what ’ s that noise ?
i plan to fall into the blackest despair .
why are the branches still living when the root is gone ?
why aren ’ t the leaves withering now that the sap is all dried up ?
if you do intend to live , then mourn .
i could drown the world .
my poor husband , my dear edward !
our poor father , clarence !
my sons edward and clarence !
what support did i have other than edward ?
and now he ’ s gone .
what support did we have besides our father ?
and now he ’ s gone .
and now they ’ re both gone .
there has never been a widow who suffered such loss as me .
there have never been orphans who ’ ve suffered what we have .
there was never a mother who suffered so much loss .
alas , i am the mother of all these others ' griefs .
be a careful mother , madam , and think about your son , the young prince .
your peace of mind depends on him .
all of us have reason to mourn the dimming of our shining star the king .
on my knee , i humbly ask your blessing .
god bless you and make you obedient , loving , and kind .
though we have lost a generous king , we are about to enjoy the benefits of a new king .
we must preserve our goodwill toward each other and not break into factions again .
why only a few courtiers , my lord of buckingham ?
the king made peace among all of us .
and so do i. i think we all do .
so , i agree with noble buckingham—only a few should go to meet the prince .
you are my other self , my oracle , my prophet , my dear brother !
good morrow , neighbor , whither away so fast ?
i ’ m telling you , i hardly know myself .
did you hear the news that ’ s going around ?
yes , that the king is dead .
good day to you , sir .
is it true that good king edward has died ?
yes , sir , it ’ s all too true , god help us .
then , gentlemen , we can count on trouble .
no , no , with god ’ s help , his son will be king .
it ’ s bad news when a country is ruled by a child .
with patience , noble lord , as prisoners must .
what ’ s the news abroad ?
where is he , in his bed ?
you go ahead , and i will follow you .
come , come , we ’ re worrying about the worst-case scenario .
i ’ m sure everything will be fine .
when storms arrive early , you can expect the harvest will be damaged .
it ’ s always like this in times of change .
but leave it all to god .
where are you all off to ?
the court has sent for us .
they ’ ll be here tomorrow or the next day .
i ’ m dying to see the prince .
i hope he ’ s grown a lot since i last saw him .
yes , mother , but i wish i hadn ’ t .
it ’ s good to grow .
well , it certainly wasn ’ t true for richard !
and no doubt he is , gracious madam .
i hope he is , but mothers get to have their doubts .
what would you have said , my young york ?
it took me two years before i had a single tooth .
grandmother , this would have been a biting joke .
pretty york , who told you about his teeth ?
why , she was dead before you were even born .
well , if it wasn ’ t her , i don ’ t know .
come , come , you are too clever for your own good .
good lady , don ’ t be angry with the child .
little pitchers have big ears .
what ’ s the news ?
my lord , it ’ s news i wish i didn ’ t have to report .
how ’ s the prince ?
he ’ s fine and healthy , madam .
the powerful dukes gloucester and buckingham .
what did they do wrong ?
i ’ ve told you everything i know .
i see the downfall of my family .
welcome , destruction , blood , and massacre !
the tiring journey seems to have made you gloomy .
i want more uncles here to welcome me .
those uncles that you wish were here were dangerous .
your grace heard their saccharine words , but didn ’ t take note of their poisonous intentions .
god protect you from them and from other false friends !
god should keep me from false friends , but they weren ’ t false .
my lord , the mayor of london is here to greet you .
god bless your grace with health and happy days .
and , just in time , here comes the sweaty lord .
what , isn ’ t my mother coming ?
god knows why , but your mother and your brother have taken sanctuary in westminster abbey .
your sweet brother wanted to come meet you , but his mother wouldn ’ t let him .
i wouldn ’ t commit so serious a crime for anything .
in these less dainty times , you ’ re not breaking the laws of sanctuary to seize him .
lord hastings , will you go with me ?
i ’ m coming , my lord .
go as fast as you can .
say , uncle richard , if my brother comes , where will i stay till my coronation ?
whatever seems best to you .
of all places , i don ’ t like the
he started it , my noble lord , and succeeding generations rebuilt it .
is it on record that he built it , or is it just word of mouth ?
on record , my gracious lord .
what did you say , uncle ?
the king won ’ t live , i hope .
i ’ ll marry the earl of warwick ’ s youngest daughter , lady anne .
so what if i killed her husband and her father ?
but i ’ m running ahead of myself .
clarence is still alive ; edward is not only alive , he ’ s king .
only when they ’ re dead can i start to count my gains .
what , my dear lord ?
richard of york , how are you doing , my loving brother ?
very well , my supreme lord—that ’ s what i have to call you now .
how ’ s my nephew doing , noble lord of york ?
thank you for asking , uncle .
oh , my lord , you once said that lazy weeds grow fast .
the prince has far outgrown me .
he has , my lord .
does that mean he ’ s lazy ?
oh , my handsome nephew , i must not say that .
in that case , he ’ s more obliged to you than i am .
he may command me as my king , but you still have power over me as a relative .
uncle , please give me your dagger .
my dagger , little nephew ?
are you begging , brother ?
i ’ ll give you a greater gift than that , nephew .
that must mean a sword .
yes , gentle cousin , if it were light enough for you .
oh , i see , you will only part with lightweight presents .
for more important things , you ’ ll say no .
a sword ’ s too heavy for you to wear .
i wouldn ’ t think much of it even if it were heavier .
but , uncle , you know how to bear with him .
you mean , to bear me , not to bear my protector , richard , insists on it .
i can ’ t sleep quietly in the tower .
why , what are you afraid of ?
my uncle clarence ’ s angry ghost .
my grandmother told me he was murdered there .
i ’ m not afraid of dead uncles .
nor living ones , i hope .
well , i hope not .
no doubt , no doubt .
oh , he ’ s a dangerously clever boy—bold , quick-witted , capable .
he ’ s his mother ’ s child from head to toe .
well , enough about them.—come here , catesby .
won ’ t he join us ?
he ’ ll do whatever hastings does .
if he seems game to our plan , encourage him to join us and explain all our reasons .
but if he ’ s resistant and chilly , then be like that too and break off the conversation .
give my regards to hastings , catesby .
my good lords , i plan to .
will we hear from you before bedtime , catesby ?
you will , my lord .
you ’ ll find us both at crosby place .
whatever we decide to do .
i look forward to that present .
you ’ ll find i ’ ll give it to you very willingly .
come , let ’ s have an early dinner so that we have time to work out our plans .
a messenger from lord stanley .
four o'clock in the morning .
can ’ t lord stanley sleep ?
i guess not—for good reason , as you ’ ll soon hear .
first , he sends his regards .
tell your master there is no sound basis for his worries .
good morning , my noble lord .
you ’ re up early .
what news can you tell me in this fast-moving , unsteady state of ours ?
i believe it won ’ t stop moving and stand upright till richard wears the wreath of the realm .
what do you mean , “ wears the wreath ” ?
are you talking about the crown ?
yes , my good lord .
i ’ ll have my head cut from my shoulders before i ’ ll see the crown so misplaced .
but do you think that ’ s what he ’ s aiming for ?
well , i ’ m not sorry to hear that , because they have always been my enemies .
well , let ’ s hope you stay in that noble frame of mind .
but as for now—before two weeks have gone by , i ’ m going to send some people packing .
yes , monstrous , monstrous !
i know they do , and i certainly deserve it .
you ’ re afraid of the boar but you go around without your spear ?
my lord , good morning .
i hope to god i ’ m proven wrong !
well , should we head to the tower ?
the day is well on its way .
set down your honorable load , men , if there is ever any honor in being dead .
you know what , my lord ?
those men you just mentioned will be beheaded today .
they deserved to keep their heads more than some people who have managed to keep their positions .
but come , my lord , let ’ s go .
i ’ ll talk with this good man .
what ’ s up , man ?
how ’ s it going ?
better , since your lordship was nice enough to ask .
well , let ’ s hope your good fortune continues !
here , drink to me .
god be good to you !
a nice coincidence , my lord .
i ’ m glad to see you .
i thank you , sir john , with all my heart .
i am indebted to you for your last sermon .
by next week , i ’ ll be able to pay you .
your friends at pomfret , they ’ re the ones who need a priest .
when i ran into this holy man , those men you mentioned did come to mind , in fact .
are you headed to the tower ?
i ’ ll be off before you are .
yes , probably , because i ’ m staying for lunch .
i ’ ll follow you , my lord .
oh , pomfret , pomfret !
oh , you bloody prison , fatal and threatening to noble lords !
oh god , remember to hear her prayer for them , just as for us !
the hour of death is approaching .
in god ’ s name , speak .
when should the royal day be ?
is everything ready for that event ?
tomorrow ’ s a good day .
who knows what the lord protector thinks ?
who ’ s closest to him ?
you , i think , would best know what he ’ s thinking .
lord hastings , you and he are close .
right on cue , here ’ s the duke himself .
my noble lords and relatives , good morning .
no one may be bolder than my lord hastings .
buckingham , i need to have a word with you .
i ’ ll come soon .
we have not yet set the coronation day .
where is my lord , the duke of gloucester ?
i have sent for the strawberries .
richard is looking cheerful today .
i pray to god he isn ’ t .
then see the evidence of their evil with your own eyes .
if they have done this thing , my noble lord— if ?
you lover of that damned whore , you ’ re talking to me of “ ifs ” ?
you ’ re a traitor.—off with his head .
i pity england , but not myself .
stanley dreamed the boar beheaded him , and i laughed and refused to flee with him .
oh , now i really need that priest who spoke to me today !
oh margaret , margaret , your heavy curse has now landed on poor hastings ’ s miserable head !
he ’ s eager to see your head .
come , come , hurry up .
it ’ s pointless to talk now .
those who smile at it will soon be dead themselves .
frightening looks are also at my service , as are fake smiles .
what wicked magician has conjured up this devil to interrupt this sacred burial rite ?
lord mayor , the reason we have sent— look behind you !
god defend and guard us innocents against them !
they ’ re friends—ratcliffe and lovell .
here ’ s the head of that notorious traitor , the dangerous and unsuspected hastings .
i loved this man so much it makes me weep .
what , do you think we ’ re turks or savages , instead of christians ?
i didn ’ t expect any better from him once he got involved with mistress shore .
that is exactly why we wanted you here , your lordship—to avoid the public carping and complaints .
there was no limit to what his lustful eye and savage heart would prey on .
but only hint at this vaguely , because , as you know , my mother ’ s still alive .
if things go well , bring the crowd to i ’ m off .
around three or four o'clock , look for news from the meeting hall .
lovell , go as fast as you can to doctor shaw .
what a backward world we live in !
why , who ’ s so stupid that he can ’ t see through this fraud ?
the world is a bad place , where you can ’ t speak what you know .
it ’ s incredible—they didn ’ t say a word .
did you mention that edward ’ s children are bastards ?
they wouldn ’ t say anything ?
aren ’ t the mayor and his fellow citizens coming ?
the mayor is here at hand .
and make sure to carry a prayer book in your hand and to stand between two priests , okay ?
but don ’ t be easily won over .
i ’ m going now .
hurry , go up to the roof .
the lord mayor is knocking .
i don ’ t think he wants to be disturbed .
now , catesby , what does your lord say to my request ?
my lord , he asks that you please visit him tomorrow or the next day .
return to the gracious duke , good catesby .
i ’ ll tell him right away , my lord .
ah , my lord , this prince is nothing like edward !
england would be lucky to have this virtuous prince as king .
but i ’ m afraid we ’ ll never get him to agree to be king .
but god forbid he says no to us !
i ’ m afraid he will .
what ’ s up , catesby , what does your master say ?
my lord , he ’ s afraid you mean him harm .
i ’ m sorry my noble brother is suspicious of me .
see how he stands between two clergymen !
my lord , you don ’ t need to apologize .
i beg you to pardon me .
you have , my lord .
sweet saint , for goodness ’ s sake , don ’ t be so angry .
if you enjoy looking at your awful deeds , take a look at this noteworthy example of your butcheries .
it ’ s your presence that draws out this blood from his empty veins .
oh earth , which soaks up this blood , revenge his death !
god forbid that i snatch the crown from him .
don ’ t refuse the love we offer you .
oh , make them joyful !
alas , why would you heap all these responsibilities on me ?
i am unfit to rule and to be king .
oh , please don ’ t swear , my lord of buckingham .
if you refuse it , the whole country will regret it .
would you tie me to a whole world of worries ?
well , call them back again .
if you say that , you ’ ll only be telling the truth .
then i salute you with this royal title : long live richard , england ’ s worthy king !
will you be crowned tomorrow ?
whenever you want , since you ’ re the one who wants it .
my granddaughter , with her kind aunt , the duchess of gloucester , leading her by the hand ?
we can all go together .
and here comes the warden , just in time .
they ’ re just fine , my dear madam .
but i ’ m sorry—i ’ m not allowed to let you visit them .
the king has strictly forbidden it .
i meant to say the lord protector .
the lord keep him from the title of king !
richard has set boundaries between my love and theirs ?
who ’ s going to keep me from them ?
i am their father ’ s mother .
i am their aunt , and i love them like a mother .
so take me to see them .
officer , i ’ ll take the responsibility from you , and the blame too .
no , madam , no .
i can ’ t do this .
i am bound by oath , so please forgive me .
your mother ’ s name has become a threat to her own children .
but don ’ t delay .
o , this evil wind that spreads nothing but misery .
it has hatched a i go unwillingly .
if you want to make me happy , don ’ t wish yourself harm .
every night i ’ m awakened by his poor dear , goodbye .
no more than i do yours .
you are a rude , ragged nurse and an old , sullen playmate for such tender princes .
please treat my babies well .
dear woman , you don ’ t know the rules of charity .
villain , you don ’ t know the laws of god or of man .
even the fiercest wild animal has some touch of pity .
if i know nothing about pity , that must mean i ’ m not an animal .
it ’ s even stranger when an angel is so angry .
you who are beautiful beyond words , calm down and let me explain myself .
such an expression of despair would only prove that i was guilty .
because of your advice and your help , i have a high position now .
but will i wear these honors for only a day or will i enjoy them for a long time ?
young prince edward is still alive—what do you think i ’ m going to say next ?
go on , my loving lord .
but edward is still alive .
oh , how bitter it is that edward—the real “ true , noble prince ” —should still be alive !
cousin , you didn ’ t used to be so thickheaded .
shall i put it plainly ?
your grace can do whatever he wants .
tut , tut , you ’ ve become rather icy .
tell me , do i have your consent to kill them ?
give me a little breathing space , my lord , a little pause to think .
i ’ ll let you know my answer shortly .
do you know anyone who would kill someone for money ?
what ’ s his name ?
his name is tyrrel , my lord .
i know the man a bit .
go , bring him here , boy .
look who ’ s here !
what ’ s the news with you ?
spread the rumor abroad that anne , my wife , is very sick .
and find a poverty stricken gentleman who i can marry straightaway to clarence ’ s daughter .
look at you , standing there in a stupor !
i repeat , spread the rumor that anne , my wife , is sick and likely to die .
james tyrrel—and your most obedient subject .
do you dare kill a friend of mine ?
well , that ’ s what you get to do .
two great enemies , in fact , enemies to my peace of mind .
tyrrel , i mean those bastards in the tower .
give me access to them , and soon you won ’ t have to worry about them anymore .
that ’ s music to my ears .
by this token , you ’ ll be admitted to their cell .
get up and listen to me .
that ’ s all there is to it .
as soon as the deed is done , you will be in my favor and i will promote you .
i ’ ll do it right away .
my lord , i have thought over the request you just made of me .
well , it doesn ’ t matter anymore .
dorset has fled to the earl of richmond .
i heard the news , my lord .
stanley , richmond is your wife ’ s son .
stanley , pay attention to your wife ’ s doings .
if she sends any letters to richmond , you will be accountable to me for it .
what do you say , your highness , about my just request ?
my lord , your promise of the earldom— richmond !
yes , what time is it ?
i ’ m reminding your grace what you promised me .
well , but what time is it ?
it ’ s almost ten o'clock .
well , let it strike ten then .
why “ let it strike ” ?
because you ’ re like the lowborn fellow who strikes the bell—you keep interrupting my thoughts .
i am not in the giving mood today .
you ’ re bothering me .
i ’ m not in the mood .
does he reward my dedicated service with such deep contempt ?
did i work to make him king for this ?
oh , let me remember what happened to hastings and hurry to
it was the most ruthless massacre this country has ever been guilty of .
their lips , like four red roses on a stalk , touched .
kind tyrrel , will your news make me happy ?
but did you see them dead ?
i did , my lord .
and buried , noble tyrrel ?
tyrrel , come back shortly after dinner and tell me the details of their deaths .
in the meantime , think about how i can do you good and give you what you want .
is the news good or bad that you enter without knocking ?
bad news , my lord .
ely joining richmond troubles me more than buckingham and his quickly assembled army .
let ’ s say i didn ’ t kill them .
then you might as well say they ’ re not dead .
but they are dead , and you killed them , you slave of the devil .
i did not kill your husband .
well , then he must be alive .
queen margaret saw your sword steaming with his blood .
she provoked me with her lying mouth , accusing me of crimes i didn ’ t commit .
no , what provoked you was your own bloody mind , which never thinks about anything but butchering .
you killed this king , didn ’ t you ?
yes , i ’ ll grant you that .
you ’ ll grant me , you hedgehog ?
then let god grant me that you ’ ll be damned for that wicked deed .
oh , he was gentle , mild , and virtuous .
that will please god , who has him now .
he is in heaven , where you will never go .
let him thank me , who helped him get there .
i ’ ve lurked in the shadows here to watch the downfall of my enemies .
i ’ ll head to france soon .
it ’ s time to hide , wretched margaret .
ah , my poor princes !
hover about her and tell her she got what she deserved , with her children dead before their time .
i ’ ve been crazed with so many miseries that my tongue has tired of lamenting and gone mute .
edward plantagenet , why are you dead ?
will you abandon such gentle lambs , god , and throw them to the wolves ?
have you ever slept before while such a terrible deed was done ?
let my sorrow have the upper hand .
you had a clarence , too , and richard killed him .
o harry ’ s wife , do not triumph in my sorrow !
with god as my witness , i swear i have wept for yours .
your son edward , who stabbed my son edward , is dead .
your clarence , who stabbed my edward , is also dead .
and i was right , because where ’ s your husband now ?
you once stole my position ; now you get to have the grief that goes with it .
your english sorrows will make me smile in france .
you who are so skilled in cursing , stay awhile and teach me how to curse my enemies .
making your loss greater makes the person who caused it worse .
think like this all day , and you ’ ll learn how to curse .
your misery will make them sharp and piercing like mine .
but give words a chance .
if that ’ s true , then don ’ t be tongue-tied .
come with me , and let ’ s smother my fiendish son—who smothered your two sweet sons—in bitter words .
who ’ s blocking the way ?
tell me , you villainous lowlife , where are my children ?
where are the noble hastings , rivers , vaughan , grey ?
don ’ t let the heavens hear these chattery women abuse the lord ’ s anointed king .
either be calm and polite or i ’ ll drown you out with the music of war .
yes , i thank god , my father , and yourself .
then patiently listen to my impatience .
oh , let me speak !
go ahead , but i won ’ t listen .
i ’ ll be gentle and mild .
and brief , good mother—i ’ m in a hurry .
god knows i waited for you in anguish , pain , and agony when i gave birth to you .
and didn ’ t i finally arrive to comfort you ?
so , what hour of comfort have i ever had in your company ?
you ’ re too bitter .
i ’ ll never speak to you again .
though i have far more reason , i don ’ t have as much energy to curse you .
but i say amen to everything she said .
i need to speak a word with you .
i have no more royal sons for you to murder .
you have a daughter named elizabeth , who is virtuous and beautiful , aristocratic and full of grace .
and does she have to die for this ?
oh , let her live , and i ’ ll ruin her manners and her beauty .
don ’ t wrong her birth .
to save her life , i ’ ll say she doesn ’ t .
yes , as safe as her brothers ' lives were .
my children would have enjoyed a better death if god had blessed you with a purer life .
whichever hand literally stabbed their tender hearts , you ’ re the one who gave the order .
what good does heaven have in store that can do me any good now ?
the advancement of your children , noble lady .
advancement to some scaffold , to lose their heads .
no , advancement to the dignity and height of honor , to a high , imperial kind of glory .
and you ’ re not suited for any place except hell .
yes , and one other place , if you ’ ll only let me name it .
there is no rest to be had in any bedroom where you are !
exactly , madam , until i sleep with you .
then know that from my soul i love your daughter .
that you love my daughter to spite your soul .
don ’ t be so quick to twist my meaning .
the one who makes her queen , of course .
who else should it be ?
what do you think , madam ?
how would you woo her ?
and madam , with all my heart .
come , come , you ’ re making fun of me .
this is not the way to win your daughter .
there isn ’ t any other way , unless you took on another form and became someone else .
but suppose i did all the things you named out of love for her .
then she has no choice but to hate you , as you purchased her love with murder .
whatever has already been done can ’ t be undone now .
men act imprudently sometimes , then realize their mistakes when they have time to think about them .
if i have killed your children , i will have children with your daughter .
a grandmother is loved hardly less than a mother is .
your children caused you trouble in your youth , but mine will bring you comfort in your old age .
indeed , we have many good days to look forward to !
go , then , mother , to your daughter .
what should i say to her ?
that her father ’ s brother wants to be her husband ?
or should i say it ’ s her uncle ?
or should i describe you as the one who killed her brothers and her uncles ?
claim fair england ’ s peace depends on this alliance .
she will purchase that peace with an everlasting war .
tell her that the king , who has the power to command people , asks her .
he asks her to do what god say she will be a high and mighty queen .
only to watch that title become worthless , as her mother has .
say i will love her everlastingly .
but how long will “ ever ” last ?
until her beautiful life ’ s end .
but how long will her beautiful life last ?
as long as heaven and nature extend it .
as long as hell and richard want it .
tell her that i , her king , am her lowly subject .
but she , your subject , hates such a king .
be eloquent on my behalf .
an honest tale succeeds best when it is told simply .
then tell her my loving story in simple terms .
you can ’ t tell a story simply when it ’ s a lie .
your answers are too shallow and too hasty .
oh no , my reasons are deep and as permanent as death .
don ’ t harp on that point , madam—it ’ s past .
i will harp on it till my heartstrings break .
i swear— by nothing , because this is no oath .
st. george loses his holiness once then , by myself— you ’ ve misused yourself .
now , by the world— it ’ s full of your ugly wrongdoings .
by my father ’ s death— your life has dishonored his death .
what can you swear by now ?
don ’ t swear by the future , because you ’ ve ruined it before it has even arrived .
may i only do well in these dangerous battles if my intention to repent and prosper is sincere !
my happiness and yours lie in her .
shall i be tempted by the devil ?
yes , if the devil tempts you to do good .
yes , if your memories do you no good .
yet you killed my children .
but in your daughter ’ s womb i will bury them .
should i go convince my daughter to marry you ?
and be a happy mother by doing so .
write to me very soon and i ’ ll let you know what she thinks .
word is that richmond is the navy ’ s admiral .
someone who can ride fast , go to the duke of here , my good lord .
catesby , fly to the duke .
i will my lord , as fast as i can .
oh , right , good catesby .
what would you like me to do at salisbury ?
why , what is there to do before i get there ?
your highness just told me that i should ride there before you .
stanley , what news do you have ?
well , how nice , a riddle !
why do you go around in circles when you could get to the point ?
once again , what ’ s the news ?
richmond is sailing on the sea .
let him sink there so the sea will cover him !
lily-livered coward , what ’ s he doing there ?
well , what do you guess ?
they are my daylight , my life .
then i hope night shadows your day , and death takes your life !
don ’ t damn yourself .
i wish i were , so i could deprive you of both day and life .
there is no better one on earth .
is the army without a leader ?
is the king dead , the empire dispossessed ?
what heir of the york family is there alive other than myself ?
and who is england ’ s king but an heir of the great york ?
therefore , tell me , what is he doing at sea ?
where is your army , then , to beat him back ?
where are your tenants and your followers ?
then they ’ re cold friends to me .
what are they doing in the north when they should be in the west serving their king ?
they haven ’ t been commanded to go to the west , mighty king .
most mighty sovereign , you have no reason to doubt my friendship .
i was never disloyal , and i never will be .
then go gather your men , but leave behind your son , george stanley .
buckingham himself has wandered away alone to who knows where .
even if we don ’ t fight foreign enemies , we ’ ll beat down these rebels at home .
while we ’ re talking here , a royal battle could be won and lost .
someone deliver the order that buckingham be brought to salisbury .
everyone else , march on with me .
but , tell me , where is the noble richmond now ?
at pembroke , or at harfordwest in wales .
now we wear the wreaths of victory on our heads .
won ’ t king richard let me speak with him ?
no , my good lord .
this is it is , my lord .
why , then , it ’ s my body ’ s doomsday .
this , this all-souls ' day , is my just desserts .
this is how god forces wicked men to turn their swords against themselves .
i have done wrong , so i will suffer wrong .
i suspect his friends will join us .
he has no friends except those who are too afraid to defy him .
in his greatest need , even they will desert him .
so , in god ’ s name , let ’ s march .
hope with good cause is swift ; it flies as fast as a swallow .
it turns kings into gods and men of lower rank into kings .
my heart is ten times lighter than my looks .
my lord of norfolk— here , most gracious king .
norfolk , we ’ re going to have a few blows , right ?
we ’ ve got to give them and take them , my lord .
i ’ ll lie here tonight .
but where will i lie tomorrow ?
well , it doesn ’ t matter .
six or seven thousand , at most .
why , our troops amount to three times that .
let ’ s be disciplined and not delay , because tomorrow is a busy day .
upon my life , my lord , i ’ ll do it .
there is a man who loves you better than your husband could .
yes , that ’ s my husband ’ s name .
someone else has the same name , but he ’ s a better man .
why do you spit at me ?
if only i could spit poison .
poison never came from such a sweet place .
poison never landed on such an ugly toad .
get out of my sight !
you ’ re poisoning my eyes .
your beautiful eyes , sweet lady , have infected mine with love .
good night , dear captain blunt .
come , gentlemen , let ’ s discuss tomorrow ’ s action in my tent .
the night air is too raw and cold for us to stay outdoors .
it ’ s dinnertime , my lord .
it ’ s nine o'clock .
i ’ m not going to eat dinner tonight .
give me some ink and paper .
is the visor of my helmet working better now ?
and has my armor been put in my tent ?
my good man norfolk , hurry to your post .
i ’ m off , my lord .
get up early tomorrow—at the sound of the lark—noble norfolk .
i will , my lord .
did you see the gloomy lord northumberland ?
good , i ’ m satisfied .
is my ink and paper ready ?
faith , none but humfrey hower , that called your grace to breakfast once , forth of my company .
i prithee , hear me speak .
hear me a word , for i shall never speak to thee again .
though far more cause , yet much less spirit to curse abides in me .
i say amen to her .
i must talk a word with you .
i have no more sons of the royal blood for thee to slaughter .
you have a daughter called elizabeth , virtuous and fair , royal and gracious .
and must she die for this ?
so she may live unscarred of bleeding slaughter , i will confess she was not edward ’ s daughter .
she is a royal princess .
to save her life , i ’ ll say she is not so .
and only in that safety died her brothers .
no , to their lives ill friends were contrary .
my babes were destined to a fairer death if grace had blessed thee with a fairer life .
whose hand soever launched their tender hearts , thy head , all indirectly , gave direction .
what good is covered with the face of heaven , to be discovered , that can do me good ?
the advancement of your children , gentle lady .
up to some scaffold , there to lose their heads .
unto the dignity and height of fortune , the high imperial type of this earth ’ s glory .
and thou unfit for any place but hell .
yes , one place else , if you will hear me name it .
ill rest betide the chamber where thou liest !
so will it , madam till i lie with you .
be brief , lest that the process of thy kindness last longer telling than thy kindness ' date .
then know that from my soul i love thy daughter .
my daughter ’ s mother thinks it with her soul .
that thou dost love my daughter from thy soul .
be not so hasty to confound my meaning .
even he that makes her queen .
how think you of it ?
how canst thou woo her ?
madam , with all my heart .
you mock me , madam .
this is not the way to win your daughter .
say that i did all this for love of her .
look what is done can not be now amended .
men shall deal unadvisedly sometimes , which after-hours give leisure to repent .
a grandam ’ s name is little less in love than is the doting title of a mother .
your children were vexation to your youth , but mine shall be a comfort to your age .
i can not make you what amends i would ; therefore accept such kindness as i can .
what , we have many goodly days to see !
go then , my mother ; to thy daughter go .
what were i best to say ?
her father ’ s brother would be her lord ?
or shall i say her uncle ?
or he that slew her brothers and her uncles ?
infer fair england ’ s peace by this alliance .
which she shall purchase with still-lasting war .
say she shall be a high and mighty queen .
to vail the title , as her mother doth .
say i will love her everlastingly .
but how long shall that title “ ever ” last ?
sweetly in force unto her fair life ’ s end .
but how long fairly shall her sweet life last ?
as long as heaven and nature lengthens it .
as long as hell and richard likes of it .
say i , her sovereign , am her subject low .
but she , your subject , loathes such sovereignty .
be eloquent in my behalf to her .
an honest tale speeds best being plainly told .
then plainly to her tell my loving tale .
plain and not honest is too harsh a style .
your reasons are too shallow and too quick .
harp not on that string , madam ; that is past .
harp on it still shall i till heart-strings break .
now by my george , my garter , and my crown— profaned , dishonored , and the third usurped .
i swear— by nothing , for this is no oath .
then , by myself— thyself is self-misused .
now , by the world— 'tis full of thy foul wrongs .
my father ’ s death— thy life hath it dishonored .
what canst thou swear by now ?
swear not by time to come , for that thou hast misused ere used , by times ill-used o'erpast .
as i intend to prosper and repent , so thrive i in my dangerous affairs of hostile arms !
in her consists my happiness and thine .
urge the necessity and state of times , and be not peevish found in great designs .
shall i be tempted of the devil thus ?
ay , if the devil tempt you to do good .
ay , if your self ’ s remembrance wrong yourself .
yet thou didst kill my children .
shall i go win my daughter to thy will ?
and be a happy mother by the deed .
write to me very shortly , and you shall understand from me her mind .
to our shores throng many doubtful hollow-hearted friends , unarmed and unresolved to beat them back .
some light-foot friend post to the duke of norfolk— ratcliffe , thyself , or catesby .
catesby , fly to the duke .
i will , my lord , with all convenient haste .
o true , good catesby .
bid him levy straight the greatest strength and power that he can make and meet me suddenly at salisbury .
what , may it please you , shall i do at salisbury ?
why , what wouldst thou do there before i go ?
your highness told me i should post before .
stanley , what news with you ?
what need ’ st thou run so many mile about when thou mayst tell thy tale the nearest way ?
once more , what news ?
richmond is on the seas .
there let him sink , and be the seas on him !
white-livered runagate , what doth he there ?
well , as you guess ?
it is my day , my life .
black night o'ershade thy day , and death thy life .
curse not thyself , fair creature ; thou art both .
i would i were , to be revenged on thee .
his better doth not breathe upon the earth .
is the king dead , the empire unpossessed ?
what heir of york is there alive but we ?
and who is england ’ s king but great york ’ s heir ?
then tell me , what makes he upon the seas ?
where is thy power , then , to beat him back ?
where be thy tenants and thy followers ?
are they not now upon the western shore , safe-conducting the rebels from their ships ?
what do they in the north when they should serve their sovereign in the west ?
they have not been commanded , mighty king .
most mighty sovereign , you have no cause to hold my friendship doubtful .
i never was nor never will be false .
go then and muster men , but leave behind your son george stanley .
my lord , the army of great buckingham— out on you , owls !
nothing but songs of death .
but this good comfort bring i to your highness : the breton navy is dispersed by tempest .
while we reason here , a royal battle might be won and lost .
someone take order buckingham be brought to salisbury .
the rest march on with me .
but , tell me , where is princely richmond now ?
at pembroke , or at ha'rfordwest in wales .
will not king richard let me speak with him ?
no , my good lord .
why , then all souls ' day is my body ’ s doomsday .
this is the day wherein i wished to fall by the false faith of him who most i trusted .
this , this all souls ' day to my fearful soul is the determined respite of my wrongs .
thus doth he force the swords of wicked men to turn their own points in their masters ' bosoms .
wrong hath but wrong , and blame the due of blame .
i doubt not but his friends will turn to us .
he hath no friends but who are friends for fear .
which in his dearest need will fly from him .
then , in god ’ s name , march .
true hope is swift , and flies with swallow ’ s wings .
kings it makes gods , and meaner creatures kings .
my heart is ten times lighter than my looks .
my lord of norfolk— here , most gracious liege .
norfolk , we must have knocks , ha , must we not ?
we must both give and take , my loving lord .
up with my tent ! —here will i lie tonight .
well , all ’ s one for that .
six or seven thousand is their utmost power .
why , our battalia trebles that account .
besides , the king ’ s name is a tower of strength which they upon the adverse party want .
upon my life , my lord , i ’ ll undertake it .
he lives that loves thee better than he could .
why , that was he .
the selfsame name , but one of better nature .
why dost thou spit at me ?
would it were mortal poison for thy sake .
never came poison from so sweet a place .
never hung poison on a fouler toad .
thou dost infect mine eyes .
thine eyes , sweet lady , have infected mine .
would they were basilisks to strike thee dead .
good night , good captain blunt .
come , gentlemen , let us consult upon tomorrow ’ s business into my tent .
the dew is raw and cold .
what is “ t o ” clock ?
it ’ s suppertime , my lord .
it ’ s nine o'clock .
i will not sup tonight .
give me some ink and paper .
what , is my beaver easier than it was ?
and all my armor laid into my tent ?
good norfolk , hie thee to thy charge .
i go , my lord .
stir with the lark tomorrow , gentle norfolk .
i warrant you , my lord .
sawst thou the melancholy lord northumberland ?
so , i am satisfied .
is ink and paper ready ?
it is , my lord .
ratcliffe , about the mid of night come to my tent and help to arm me .
leave me , i say .
fortune and victory sit on thy helm !
all comfort that the dark night can afford be to thy person , noble father-in-law .
tell me , how fares our loving mother ?
i , by attorney , bless thee from thy mother , who prays continually for richmond ’ s good .
god give us leisure for these rites of love !
be valiant , and speed well .
once more , good night , kind lords and gentlemen .
o thou , whose captain i account myself , look on my forces with a gracious eye .
make us thy ministers of chastisement , that we may praise thee in the victory !
to thee i do commend my watchful soul , ere i let fall the windows of mine eyes .
sleeping and waking , o , defend me still !
think upon vaughan , and with guilty fear let fall thy lance .
edward ’ s unhappy sons do bid thee flourish .
thy adversary ’ s wife doth pray for thee .
the last was i that felt thy tyranny .
o , in the battle think on buckingham , and die in terror of thy guiltiness .
dream on , dream on , of bloody deeds and death .
but cheer thy heart , and be thou not dismayed .
have mercy , jesu ! —soft , i did but dream .
o coward conscience , how dost thou afflict me !
there ’ s none else by .
richard loves richard ; that is , i and i .
is there a murderer here ?
alack , i love myself .
for any good that i myself have done unto myself ?
alas , i rather hate myself for hateful deeds committed by myself .
fool , of thyself speak well .
fool , do not flatter .
zounds , who is there ?
ratcliffe , my lord , ’ tis i .
the early village cock hath twice done salutation to the morn .
your friends are up and buckle on their armor .
o ratcliffe , i have dreamed a fearful dream !
what think ’ st thou , will our friends prove all true ?
no doubt , my lord .
tis not yet near day .
cry mercy , lords and watchful gentlemen , that you have ta'en a tardy sluggard here .
how have you slept , my lord ?
methought their souls whose bodies richard murdered came to my tent and cried on victory .
i promise you , my soul is very jocund in the remembrance of so fair a dream .
how far into the morning is it , lords ?
upon the stroke of four .
why , then ’ tis time to arm and give direction .
god and our good cause fight upon our side .
the prayers of holy saints and wrongèd souls , like high-reared bulwarks , stand before our faces .
richard except , those whom we fight against had rather have us win than him they follow .
for what is he they follow ?
if you do sweat to put a tyrant down , you sleep in peace , the tyrant being slain .
if you do fight in safeguard of your wives , your wives shall welcome home the conquerors .
then , in the name of god and all these rights , advance your standards .
i never sued to friend , nor enemy ; my tongue could never learn sweet smoothing word .
what said northumberland as touching richmond ?
that he was never trainèd up in arms .
and what said surrey then ?
not i , my lord .
the sun will not be seen today .
the sky doth frown and lour upon our army .
i would these dewy tears were from the ground .
arm , arm , my lord .
the foe vaunts in the field .
come , bustle , bustle .
john duke of norfolk , thomas earl of surrey , shall have the leading of this foot and horse .
this , and saint george to boot—what think ’ st thou , norfolk ?
a good direction , warlike sovereign .
this found i on my tent this morning .
amaze the welkin with your broken staves—
will he bring his power ?
my lord , he doth deny to come .
off with his son george ’ s head !
my lord , the enemy is past the marsh .
after the battle let george stanley die .
victory sits on our helms .
rescue , my lord of norfolk , rescue , rescue !
the king enacts more wonders than a man , daring an opposite to every danger .
rescue , fair lord , or else the day is lost !
a horse , a horse , my kingdom for a horse !
i ’ ll help you to a horse .
god and your arms be praised , victorious friends !
great god of heaven , say amen to all !
but tell me , is young george stanley living ?
john duke of norfolk , walter , lord ferrers , sir robert brakenbury , and sir william brandon .
and then , as we have ta'en the sacrament , we will unite the white rose and the red .
smile heaven upon this fair conjunction , that long have frowned upon their enmity .
what traitor hears me and says not “ amen ? ” england hath long been mad and scarred herself .
now civil wounds are stopped , peace lives again .
that she may long live here , god say amen .
take up the sword again , or take up me .
though i wish thy death , i will not be the executioner .
that was in thy rage .
to both their deaths shalt thou be accessory .
i would i knew thy heart .
tis figured in my tongue .
i fear me both are false .
then never man was man true .
well , well , put up your sword .
say then my peace is made .
that shall you know hereafter .
but shall i live in hope ?
all men i hope live so .
vouchsafe to wear this ring .
wear both of them , for both of them are thine .
for divers unknown reasons , i beseech you , grant me this boon .
sirs , take up the corse .
towards chertsey , noble lord ?
was ever woman in this humor wooed ?
was ever woman in this humor won ?
i ’ ll have her , but i will not keep her long .
and yet to win her , all the world to nothing !
on me , whose all not equals edward ’ s moiety ?
on me , that halts and am misshapen thus ?
my dukedom to a beggarly denier , i do mistake my person all this while !
upon my life , she finds , although i can not , myself to be a marv'lous proper man .
since i am crept in favor with myself , i will maintain it with some little cost .
but first i ’ ll turn yon fellow in his grave and then return lamenting to my love .
there ’ s no doubt his majesty will soon recover his accustomed health .
if he were dead , what would betide on me ?
is it concluded that he shall be protector ?
it is determined , not concluded yet ; but so it must be if the king miscarry .
god make your majesty joyful , as you have been .
saw you the king today , my lord of derby ?
but now the duke of buckingham and i are come from visiting his majesty .
what likelihood of his amendment , lords ?
did you confer with him ?
would all were well—but that will never be .
they do me wrong , and i will not endure it !
who is it that complains unto the king that i , forsooth , am stern and love them not ?
to whom in all this presence speaks your grace ?
to thee , that hast nor honesty nor grace .
when have i injured thee ?
or any of your faction ?
a plague upon you all !
brother of gloucester , you mistake the matter .
the world is grown so bad that wrens make prey where eagles dare not perch .
come , come , we know your meaning , brother gloucester .
you envy my advancement , and my friends ' .
god grant we never may have need of you .
meantime god grants that we have need of you .
because my name is george .
alack , my lord , that fault is none of yours .
he should , for that , commit your godfathers .
o , belike his majesty hath some intent that you shall be new christened in the tower .
but what ’ s the matter , clarence ?
i wis , your grandam had a worser match .
my lord of gloucester , i have too long borne your blunt upbraidings and your bitter scoffs .
by heaven , i will acquaint his majesty with those gross taunts that oft i have endured .
small joy have i in being england ’ s queen .
so should we you , if you should be our king .
i had rather be a peddler .
hear me , you wrangling pirates , that fall out in sharing that which you have pilled from me !
which of you trembles not that looks on me ?
foul , wrinkled witch , what mak ’ st thou in my sight ?
but repetition of what thou hast marred .
that will i make before i let thee go .
wert thou not banishèd on pain of death ?
the sorrow that i have by right is yours , and all the pleasures you usurp are mine .
tyrants themselves wept when it was reported .
thyself a queen , for me that was a queen , outlive thy glory , like my wretched self .
have done thy charm , thou hateful , withered hag .
stay , dog , for thou shalt hear me .
the worm of conscience still begnaw thy soul .
why , so i did , but looked for no reply .
o , let me make the period to my curse !
tis done by me , and ends in “ margaret. ” thus have you breathed your curse against yourself .
the day will come that thou shalt wish for me to help thee curse that poisonous bunch-backed toad .
false-boding woman , end thy frantic curse , lest to thy harm thou move our patience .
foul shame upon you , you have all moved mine .
were you well served , you would be taught your duty .
o , serve me well , and teach yourselves that duty !
learn it , learn it , marquess .
it touches you , my lord , as much as me .
and turns the sun to shade .
urge neither charity nor shame to me .
uncharitably with me have you dealt , and shamefully my hopes by you are butchered .
my charity is outrage , life my shame , and in that shame still live my sorrows ' rage .
have done , have done .
thy garments are not spotted with our blood , nor thou within the compass of my curse .
nor no one here , for curses never pass the lips of those that breathe them in the air .
what doth she say , my lord of buckingham ?
nothing that i respect , my gracious lord .
my hair doth stand an end to hear her curses .
i muse why she ’ s at liberty .
i can not blame her .
i never did her any , to my knowledge .
yet you have all the vantage of her wrong .
god pardon them that are the cause thereof .
so do i ever for had i cursed now , i had cursed myself .
yea , richard , when i know , for i protest as yet i do not .
and for my name of george begins with it follows in his thought that i am he .
why , this it is when men are ruled by women .
tis not the king that sends you to the tower .
my lady grey his wife , clarence , ’ tis she that tempers him to this extremity .
we wait upon your grace .
i do the wrong , and first begin to brawl .
are you now going to dispatch this thing ?
i have it here about me .
tut , tut , my lord , we will not stand to prate .
talkers are no good doers .
be assured we go to use our hands and not our tongues .
your eyes drop millstones , when fools ' eyes drop tears .
go , go , dispatch .
we will , my noble lord .
why looks your grace so heavily today ?
what was your dream , my lord ?
i pray you tell me .
had you such leisure in the time of death to gaze upon the secrets of the deep ?
no marvel , lord , though it affrighted you .
i am afraid , methinks , to hear you tell it .
my soul is heavy , and i fain would sleep .
i will , my lord .
god give your grace good rest .
sorrow breaks seasons and reposing hours , makes the night morning , and the noontide night .
princes have but their titles for their glories , an outward honor for an inward toil ,
what wouldst thou , fellow ?
and how cam ’ st thou hither ?
i would speak with clarence , and i came hither on my legs .
tis better , sir , to be brief than tedious.—let him see our commission , and talk no more .
i am in this commanded to deliver the noble duke of clarence to your hands .
there lies the duke asleep , and there the keys .
tis a point of wisdom .
what , shall i stab him as he sleeps ?
he ’ ll say ’ twas done cowardly , when he wakes .
why , he shall never wake until the great judgment day .
why , then he ’ ll say we stabbed him sleeping .
the urging of that word “ judgment ” hath bred a kind of remorse in me .
what , art thou afraid ?
i thought thou hadst been resolute .
so i am—to let him live .
i ’ ll back to the duke of gloucester and tell him so .
nay , i prithee stay a little .
i hope this passionate humor of mine will change .
it was wont to hold me but while one tells twenty .
how dost thou feel thyself now ?
faith , some certain dregs of conscience are yet within me .
remember our reward when the deed ’ s done .
i had forgot the reward .
where ’ s thy conscience now ?
o , in the duke of gloucester ’ s purse .
so when he opens his purse to give us our reward , thy conscience flies out .
there ’ s few or none will entertain it .
what if it come to thee again ?
i ’ ll not meddle with it .
tis a blushing , shamefaced spirit that mutinies in a man ’ s bosom .
he can not prevail with me .
spoke like a tall man that respects thy reputation .
come , shall we fall to work ?
o excellent device— and make a sop of him .
no , we ’ ll reason with him .
where art thou , keeper ?
give me a cup of wine .
you shall have wine enough , my lord , anon .
in god ’ s name , what art thou ?
a man , as you are .
but not , as i am , royal .
nor you , as we are , loyal .
thy voice is thunder , but thy looks are humble .
my voice is now the king ’ s , my looks mine own .
your eyes do menace me .
to , to , to— to murder me ?
wherein , my friends , have i offended you ?
offended us you have not , but the king .
i shall be reconciled to him again .
are you drawn forth among a world of men to slay the innocent ?
where is the evidence that doth accuse me ?
what lawful quest have given their verdict up unto the frowning judge ?
or who pronounced the bitter sentence of poor clarence ' death before i be convict by course of law ?
to threaten me with death is most unlawful .
what we will do , we do upon command .
an please your worship , brakenbury , you may partake of anything we say .
we speak no treason , man .
how say you , sir ?
can you deny all this ?
with this , my lord , myself have naught to do .
i do beseech your grace to pardon me , and withal forbear your conference with the noble duke .
and he that hath commanded is our king .
and that same vengeance doth he hurl on thee for false forswearing and for murder too .
whom thou wert sworn to cherish and defend .
for whose sake did i that ill deed ?
for edward , for my brother , for his sake .
if god will be avengèd for this deed , o , know you yet he doth it publicly !
my brother ’ s love , the devil , and my rage .
i am his brother , and i love him well .
your brother gloucester hates you .
o , no , he loves me , and he holds me dear .
go you to him from me .
ay , so we will .
bid gloucester think of this , and he will weep .
ay , millstones , as he lessoned us to weep .
right , as snow in harvest .
come , you deceive yourself .
tis he that sends us to destroy you here .
make peace with god , for you must die , my lord .
relent , and save your souls .
ay , you would beg , were you in my distress .
look behind you , my lord .
take that , and that .
what mean ’ st thou , that thou help ’ st me not ?
by heavens , the duke shall know how slack you have been .
i would he knew that i had saved his brother .
go , coward as thou art .
riddling confession finds but riddling shrift .
then plainly know my heart ’ s dear love is set on the fair daughter of rich capulet .
holy saint francis , what a change is here !
is rosaline , whom thou didst love so dear , so soon forsaken ?
young men ’ s love then lies not truly in their hearts , but in their eyes .
the sun not yet thy sighs from heaven clears , thy old groans ring yet in my ancient ears .
if e'er thou wast thyself and these woes thine , thou and these woes were all for rosaline .
pronounce this sentence then : women may fall when there ’ s no strength in men .
thou chid ’ st me oft for loving rosaline .
for doting , not for loving , pupil mine .
and badest me bury love .
not in a grave , to lay one in , another out to have .
i pray thee , chide not .
the other did not so .
oh , she knew well thy love did read by rote , that could not spell .
oh , let us hence .
i stand on sudden haste .
they stumble that run fast .
where the devil should this romeo be ?
came he not home tonight ?
not to his father ’ s .
i spoke with his man .
tybalt , the kinsman to old capulet , hath sent a letter to his father ’ s house .
a challenge , on my life .
any man that can write may answer a letter .
nay , he will answer the letter ’ s master , how he dares , being dared .
and is he a man to encounter tybalt ?
why , what is tybalt ?
without his roe , like a dried herring .
o flesh , flesh , how art thou fishified !
now is he for the numbers that petrarch flowed in .
good morrow to you both .
what counterfeit did i give you ?
the slip , sir , the slip .
nay , i am the very pink of courtesy .
i serve as good a man as you .
you know not what you do .
what , art thou drawn among these heartless hinds ?
come between us , good benvolio .
switch and spurs , switch and spurs , or i ’ ll cry a match .
was i with you there for the goose ?
thou wast never with me for anything when thou wast not there for the goose .
i will bite thee by the ear for that jest .
nay , good goose , bite not .
thy wit is a very bitter sweeting .
it is a most sharp sauce .
and is it not well served into a sweet goose ?
why , is not this better now than groaning for love ?
thou wouldst else have made thy tale large .
oh , thou art deceived .
here ’ s goodly gear .
two , two—a shirt and a smock .
god ye good morrow , gentlemen .
god ye good e'en , fair gentlewoman .
what a man are you ?
one , gentlewoman , that god hath made , himself to mar .
by my troth , it is well said .
for himself to mar , ” quoth he ?
gentlemen , can any of you tell me where i may find the young romeo ?
i am the youngest of that name , for fault of a worse .
yea , is the worst well ?
very well took , i ' faith , wisely , wisely .
she will indite him to some supper .
romeo , will you come to your father ’ s ?
we ’ ll to dinner , thither .
and if i can not , i ’ ll find those that shall .
i am none of his flirt-gills .
i am none of his skains-mates .
i saw no man use you at his pleasure .
if i had , my weapon should quickly have been out , i warrant you .
now , afore god , i am so vexed that every part about me quivers .
nurse , commend me to thy lady and mistress .
i protest unto thee— good heart , and i ' faith , i will tell her as much .
lord , lord , she will be a joyful woman .
what wilt thou tell her , nurse ?
thou dost not mark me .
and there she shall at friar lawrence ' cell be shrived and married .
and stay , good nurse .
be trusty , and i ’ ll quit thy pains .
commend me to thy mistress .
now god in heaven bless thee !
what sayst thou , my dear nurse ?
did you ne'er hear say , “ two may keep counsel , putting one away ” ?
warrant thee , my man ’ s as true as steel .
well , sir , my mistress is the sweetest lady.—lord , lord !
i anger her sometimes and tell her that paris is the properer man .
doth not ay , nurse , what of that ?
both with an ah , mocker , that ’ s the dog ’ s name .
commend me to thy lady .
ay , a thousand times.—peter !
the clock struck nine when i did send the nurse .
perchance she can not meet him .
that ’ s not so .
oh , she is lame !
had she affections and warm youthful blood , she would be as swift in motion as a ball .
my words would bandy her to my sweet love , and his to me .
o god , she comes.—o honey nurse , what news ?
hast thou met with him ?
peter , stay at the gate .
now , good sweet nurse— o lord , why look ’ st thou sad ?
though news be sad , yet tell them merrily .
fie , how my bones ache !
i would thou hadst my bones and i thy news .
can you not stay awhile ?
do you not see that i am out of breath ?
the excuse that thou dost make in this delay is longer than the tale thou dost excuse .
is thy news good , or bad ?
say either , and i ’ ll stay the circumstance .
is ’ t good or bad ?
well , you have made a simple choice .
you know not how to choose a man .
go thy ways , wench .
what , have you dined at home ?
but all this did i know before .
what says he of our marriage ?
my back a ' t ' other side .
ah , my back , my back !
i ' faith , i am sorry that thou art not well .
sweet , sweet , sweet nurse , tell me , what says my love ?
why , she is within .
your love says , like an honest gentleman , 'where is your mother ?
o god ’ s lady dear , are you so hot ?
marry , come up , i trow .
is this the poultice for my aching bones ?
henceforward do your messages yourself .
here ’ s such a coil .
come , what says romeo ?
have you got leave to go to shrift today ?
then hie you hence to friar lawrence ’ s cell .
there stays a husband to make you a wife .
now comes the wanton blood up in your cheeks .
they ’ ll be in scarlet straight at any news .
i ’ ll to dinner .
hie you to the cell .
i do but keep the peace .
put up thy sword , or manage it to part these men with me .
what , drawn , and talk of peace ?
i hate the word , as i hate hell , all montagues , and thee .
have at thee , coward !
clubs , bills , and partisans !
my sword , i say !
old montague is come , and flourishes his blade in spite of me .
thou shalt not stir one foot to seek a foe .
too swift arrives as tardy as too slow .
oh , so light a foot will ne'er wear out the everlasting flint .
good even to my ghostly confessor .
romeo shall thank thee , daughter , for us both .
as much to him , else is his thanks too much .
conceit , more rich in matter than in words , brags of his substance , not of ornament .
come , come with me , and we will make short work .
i pray thee , good mercutio , let ’ s retire .
am i like such a fellow ?
what eye but such an eye would spy out such a quarrel ?
didst thou not fall out with a tailor for wearing his new doublet before easter ?
with another , for tying his new shoes with old ribbon ?
and yet thou wilt tutor me from quarreling !
by my head , here comes the capulets .
by my heel , i care not .
make it a word and a blow .
you shall find me apt enough to that , sir , an you will give me occasion .
could you not take some occasion without giving ?
mercutio , thou consort ’ st with romeo .
what , dost thou make us minstrels ?
an thou make minstrels of us , look to hear nothing but discords .
we talk here in the public haunt of men .
either withdraw unto some private place , and reason coldly of your grievances , or else depart .
here all eyes gaze on us .
men ’ s eyes were made to look and let them gaze .
i will not budge for no man ’ s pleasure , i .
well , peace be with you , sir .
but i ’ ll be hanged , sir , if he wear your livery .
i see thou know ’ st me not .
boy , this shall not excuse the injuries that thou hast done me .
and so , good capulet—which name i tender as dearly as my own—be satisfied .
o calm dishonourable , vile submission !
what wouldst thou have with me ?
will you pluck your sword out of his pilcher by the ears ?
make haste , lest mine be about your ears ere it be out .
gentle mercutio , put thy rapier up .
a plague o ' both your houses !
is he gone and hath nothing ?
what , art thou hurt ?
marry , ’ tis enough .
where is my page ? —go , villain , fetch a surgeon .
the hurt can not be much .
ask for me tomorrow , and you shall find me a grave man .
i am peppered , i warrant , for this world .
a plague o ' both your houses !
zounds , a dog , a rat , a mouse , a cat to scratch a man to death !
a braggart , a rogue , a villain that fights by the book of arithmetic !
why the devil came you between us ?
i was hurt under your arm .
i thought all for the best .
help me into some house , benvolio , or i shall faint .
a plague o ' both your houses !
they have made worms ' meat of me .
i have it , and soundly too .
o romeo , romeo , brave mercutio is dead !
here comes the furious tybalt back again .
alive in triumph—and mercutio slain !
either thou or i , or both , must go with him .
thou , wretched boy , that didst consort him here shalt with him hence .
romeo , away , be gone !
the citizens are up , and tybalt slain .
the prince will doom thee death if thou art taken .
hence , be gone , away !
which way ran he that killed mercutio ?
tybalt , that murderer , which way ran he ?
were you by when it began ?
where are the vile beginners of this fray ?
o noble prince , i can discover all the unlucky manage of this fatal brawl .
there lies the man , slain by young romeo , that slew thy kinsman , brave mercutio .
o my brother ’ s child !
benvolio , who began this bloody fray ?
romeo , he cries aloud , “ hold , friends !
and , as he fell , did romeo turn and fly .
this is the truth , or let benvolio die .
some twenty of them fought in this black strife , and all those twenty could but kill one life .
i beg for justice , which thou , prince , must give .
romeo slew him ; he slew mercutio .
who now the price of his dear blood doth owe ?
his fault concludes but what the law should end , the life of tybalt .
i have an interest in your hearts ' proceeding .
i will be deaf to pleading and excuses .
nor tears nor prayers shall purchase out abuses , therefore use none .
bear hence this body and attend our will .
mercy but murders , pardoning those that kill .
the cords that romeo bid thee fetch ?
ay , ay , the cords .
ay me , what news ?
why dost thou wring thy hands ?
we are undone , lady , we are undone !
can heaven be so envious ?
romeo can , though heaven can not .
what devil art thou that dost torment me thus ?
this torture should be roared in dismal hell .
say thou but “ ay , ” and that bare vowel than the death-darting eye of cockatrice .
to prison , eyes , ne'er look on liberty .
vile earth , to earth resign .
o tybalt , tybalt , the best friend i had !
that ever i should live to see thee dead .
is romeo slaughtered , and is tybalt dead ?
my dearest cousin and my dearer lord ?
tybalt is gone , and romeo banishèd .
o god , did romeo ’ s hand shed tybalt ’ s blood ?
it did , it did .
alas the day , it did .
o serpent heart hid with a flowering face !
did ever dragon keep so fair a cave ?
dove-feathered raven , wolvish-ravening lamb !
was ever book containing such vile matter so fairly bound ?
blistered be thy tongue for such a wish !
he was not born to shame .
upon his brow shame is ashamed to sit , for ’ tis a throne where honor may be crowned .
sole monarch of the universal earth , oh , what a beast was i to chide at him !
will you speak well of him that killed your cousin ?
but wherefore , villain , didst thou kill my cousin ?
that villain cousin would have killed my husband .
tybalt is dead , and romeo banishèd . ”
that “ banishèd , ” that one word “ banishèd ” hath slain ten thousand tybalts .
tybalt ’ s death was woe enough , if it had ended there .
no words can that woe sound .
where is my father and my mother , nurse ?
weeping and wailing over tybalt ’ s corse .
will you go to them ?
i will bring you thither .
wash they his wounds with tears ?
mine shall be spent when theirs are dry , for romeo ’ s banishment .
take up those cords.—poor ropes , you are beguiled , both you and i , for romeo is exiled .
he made you for a highway to my bed , but i , a maid , die maiden-widowèd .
and death , not romeo , take my maidenhead !
i ’ ll find romeo to comfort you .
i wot well where he is .
hark ye , your romeo will be here at night .
i ’ ll to him .
he is hid at lawrence ' cell .
come forth , thou fearful man .
too familiar is my dear son with such sour company .
i bring thee tidings of the prince ’ s doom .
what less than doomsday is the prince ’ s doom ?
do not say “ banishment. ” hence from verona art thou banishèd .
be patient , for the world is broad and wide .
there is no world without verona walls but purgatory , torture , hell itself .
hence “ banishèd ” is banished from the world , and world ’ s exile is death .
tis torture and not mercy .
more validity , more honorable state , more courtship lives in carrion flies than romeo .
flies may do this , but i from this must fly .
they are free men , but i am banishèd .
and sayst thou yet that exile is not death ?
o friar , the damnèd use that word in hell .
thou fond mad man , hear me a little speak .
here were the servants of your adversary , and yours , close fighting ere i did approach .
i drew to part them .
oh , where is romeo ?
right glad i am he was not at this fray .
towards him i made , but he was 'ware of me and stole into the covert of the wood .
oh , thou wilt speak again of banishment .
oh , then i see that madmen have no ears .
how should they , when that wise men have no eyes ?
let me dispute with thee of thy estate .
thou canst not speak of that thou dost not feel .
good romeo , hide thyself .
not i , unless the breath of heartsick groans , mistlike , infold me from the search of eyes .
what ’ s your will ?
o holy friar , o , tell me , holy friar , where is my lady ’ s lord ?
oh , he is even in my mistress ' case , just in her case .
o woeful sympathy , piteous predicament !
even so lies she , blubbering and weeping , weeping and blubbering .
stand , an you be a man .
for juliet ’ s sake , for her sake , rise and stand .
why should you fall into so deep an o ?
ah sir , ah sir .
death ’ s the end of all .
how is it with her ?
and what says my concealed lady to our canceled love ?
tell me , that i may sack the hateful mansion .
thy wild acts denote the unreasonable fury of a beast .
by my holy order , i thought thy disposition better tempered .
why rail ’ st thou on thy birth , the heaven , and earth ?
what , rouse thee , man !
thy juliet is alive , for whose dear sake thou wast but lately dead— there art thou happy .
tybalt would kill thee , but thou slew ’ st tybalt—there art thou happy .
the law that threatened death becomes thy friend and turns it to exile—there art thou happy .
a pack of blessings light upon thy back , happiness courts thee in her best array ,
but , like a misbehaved and sullen wench , thou pout ’ st upon thy fortune and thy love .
go , get thee to thy love , as was decreed .
ascend her chamber , hence , and comfort her .
o lord , i could have stayed here all the night to hear good counsel .
oh , what learning is !
do so , and bid my sweet prepare to chide .
here , sir , a ring she bid me give you , sir .
hie you , make haste , for it grows very late .
how well my comfort is revived by this !
look you , she loved her kinsman tybalt dearly , and so did i .
well , we were born to die .
these times of woe afford no time to woo .
commend me to your daughter .
i will , and know her mind early tomorrow .
tonight she is mewed up to her heaviness .
sir paris , i will make a desperate tender of my child ’ s love .
do you like this haste ?
we ’ ll keep no great ado , a friend or two .
therefore we ’ ll have some half a dozen friends , and there an end .
but what say you to thursday ?
my lord , i would that thursday were tomorrow .
o ' thursday be it , then.— go you to juliet ere you go to bed .
it is not yet near day .
it was the nightingale , and not the lark , that pierced the fearful hollow of thine ear .
look , love , what envious streaks do lace the severing clouds in yonder east .
night ’ s candles are burnt out , and jocund day stands tiptoe on the misty mountain tops .
yon light is not daylight , i know it , i .
thou need ’ st not to be gone .
let me be put to death .
i am content , so thou wilt have it so .
i have more care to stay than will to go .
come , death , and welcome !
it is , it is .
it is the lark that sings so out of tune , straining harsh discords and unpleasing sharps .
some say the lark makes sweet division .
this doth not so , for she divideth us .
more light and light it grows .
more light and light , more dark and dark our woes !
your lady mother is coming to your chamber .
then , window , let day in and let life out .
one kiss , and i ’ ll descend .
my noble uncle , do you know the cause ?
i neither know it nor can learn of him .
have you importuned him by any means ?
art thou gone so , love , lord ?
oh , by this count i shall be much in years ere i again behold my romeo .
i will omit no opportunity that may convey my greetings , love , to thee .
oh , think ’ st thou we shall ever meet again ?
o god , i have an ill-divining soul .
methinks i see thee now , thou art so low as one dead in the bottom of a tomb .
either my eyesight fails , or thou look ’ st pale .
and trust me , love , in my eye so do you .
dry sorrow drinks our blood .
all men call thee fickle .
who is ’ t that calls ?
is it my lady mother ?
what unaccustomed cause procures her hither ?
why , how now , juliet ?
madam , i am not well .
evermore weeping for your cousin ’ s death ?
what , wilt thou wash him from his grave with tears ?
an if thou couldst , thou couldst not make him live .
some grief shows much of love , but much of grief shows still some want of wit .
yet let me weep for such a feeling loss .
so shall you feel the loss , but not the friend which you weep for .
feeling so the loss , can not choose but ever weep the friend .
that same villain , romeo .
that is because the traitor murderer lives .
ay , madam , from the reach of these my hands .
would none but i might venge my cousin ’ s death !
and then , i hope , thou wilt be satisfied .
to wreak the love i bore my cousin upon his body that slaughtered him !
find thou the means , and i ’ ll find such a man .
but now i ’ ll tell thee joyful tidings , girl .
and joy comes well in such a needy time .
what are they , beseech your ladyship ?
well , well , thou hast a careful father , child .
madam , in happy time , what day is that ?
i pray you , tell my lord and father , madam , i will not marry yet .
tell him so yourself , and see how he will take it at your hands .
what , still in tears , evermore showering ?
have you delivered to her our decree ?
i would the fool were married to her grave !
how , will she none ?
not proud you have , but thankful that you have .
how , how , how , how ?
out , you green sickness , carrion !
what , are you mad ?
good father , i beseech you on my knees , hear me with patience but to speak a word .
out on her , hilding !
god in heaven bless her !
you are to blame , my lord , to rate her so .
and why , my lady wisdom ?
smatter with your gossips , go .
oh , god ' i ' good e'en .
peace , you mumbling fool !
utter your gravity o'er a gossip ’ s bowl , for here we need it not .
lay hand on heart , advise .
an you be mine , i ’ ll give you to my friend .
trust to ’ t , bethink you .
i ’ ll not be forsworn .
delay this marriage for a month , a week .
or , if you do not , make the bridal bed in that dim monument where tybalt lies .
talk not to me , for i ’ ll not speak a word .
do as thou wilt , for i have done with thee .
o god ! —o nurse , how shall this be prevented ?
my husband is on earth , my faith in heaven .
hast thou not a word of joy ?
oh , he ’ s a lovely gentleman .
romeo ’ s a dishclout to him .
speakest thou from thy heart ?
well , thou hast comforted me marvelous much .
marry , i will , and this is wisely done .
i ’ ll to the friar to know his remedy .
if all else fail , myself have power to die .
the time is very short .
you say you do not know the lady ’ s mind .
now do you know the reason of this haste .
look , sir , here comes the lady toward my cell .
happily met , my lady and my wife .
that may be , sir , when i may be a wife .
is the day so young ?
was that my father that went hence so fast ?
not having that which , having , makes them short .
where shall we dine ? —o me !
that “ may be ” must be , love , on thursday next .
what must be shall be .
that ’ s a certain text .
come you to make confession to this father ?
to answer that , i should confess to you .
do not deny to him that you love me .
i will confess to you that i love him .
so will ye , i am sure , that you love me .
poor soul , thy face is much abused with tears .
thy face is mine , and thou hast slandered it .
my leisure serves me , pensive daughter , now.— my lord , we must entreat the time alone .
god shield i should disturb devotion ! — juliet , on thursday early will i rouse ye .
o juliet , i already know thy grief .
i hear thou must , and nothing may prorogue it , on thursday next be married to this county .
tomorrow night look that thou lie alone .
let not the nurse lie with thee in thy chamber .
no warmth , no breath shall testify thou livest .
give me , give me !
love give me strength , and strength shall help afford .
you shall have none ill , sir , for i ’ ll try if they can lick their fingers .
how canst thou try them so ?
therefore he that can not lick his fingers goes not with me .
we shall be much unfurnished for this time .
see where she comes from shrift with merry look .
go tell him of this .
i ’ ll have this knot knit up tomorrow morning .
why , i am glad on ’ t .
our whole city is much bound to him .
no , not till thursday .
we ’ ll to church tomorrow .
tush , i will stir about , and all things shall be well , i warrant thee , wife .
go thou to juliet , help to deck up her .
i ’ ll not to bed tonight .
i ’ ll play the housewife for this once .
ay , those attires are best .
what , are you busy , ho ?
for , i am sure , you have your hands full all in this so sudden business .
farewell ! —god knows when we shall meet again .
my dismal scene i needs must act alone .
what if this mixture do not work at all ?
shall i be married then tomorrow morning ?
stay , tybalt , stay !
romeo , romeo , romeo !
no , coz , i rather weep .
good heart , at what ?
why , such is love ’ s transgression .
a madness most discreet , a choking gall , and a preserving sweet .
and if you leave me so , you do me wrong .
tut , i have lost myself .
tell me in sadness , who is that you love .
what , shall i groan and tell thee ?
but sadly , tell me who .
hold , take these keys , and fetch more spices , nurse .
they call for dates and quinces in the pastry .
come , stir , stir , stir !
the second cock hath crowed .
the curfew bell hath rung .
spare not for the cost .
go , you cot-quean , go .
get you to bed , faith .
you ’ ll be sick tomorrow for this night ’ s watching .
i have watched ere now all night for lesser cause , and ne'er been sick .
a jealous hood , a jealous hood !
now , fellow , what is there ?
make haste , make haste , sirrah .
mass , and well said .
a merry whoreson , ha !
thou shalt be loggerhead.—good faith , ’ tis day .
what , nurse , i say !
go and trim her up .
i ’ ll go and chat with paris .
hie , make haste , make haste .
the bridegroom he is come already .
make haste , i say .
juliet ! —fast , i warrant her , she.— why , lamb !
